<doc id="9728084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728084" title="Northern theater of the American Revolutionary War after Saratoga">
Northern theater of the American Revolutionary War after Saratoga

The Northern theater of the American Revolutionary War after Saratoga consisted of a series of battles between American revolutionaries and British forces, from 1778 to 1782 during the American Revolutionary War. It is characterized by two primary areas of activity. The first set of activities was based around the British base of operations in New York City, where each side made probes and counterprobes against the other's positions that sometimes resulted in notable actions. The second was essentially a frontier war in Upstate New York and rural northern Pennsylvania that was largely fought by state militia companies and some Indian allies on the American side, and Loyalist companies supported by Indians, British Indian agents, and occasionally British regulars. The notable exception to significant Continental Army participation on the frontier was the 1779 Sullivan Expedition, in which General John Sullivan led an army expedition that drove the Iroquois out of New York. The warfare amongst the splinters of the Iroquois Six Nations were particularly brutal, turning much of the Indian population into refugees.
The only other notable actions occurred in New England. A combined American-French attempt was made to drive the British out of Newport, Rhode Island. The Battle of Rhode Island ended badly when the French fleet abandoned the effort; the failure did some damage to American–French relations. In 1779 the British established a base on the Penobscot River in the District of Maine with the intent of establishing a Loyalist presence there. The state of Massachusetts responded with the amphibious Penobscot Expedition, which ended in complete disaster.
The British continued a process of raiding the New England coastal communities. One such raid led to a skirmish at Freetown, Massachusetts, while others descended on Massachusetts and Connecticut coastal communities. In the 1781 Battle of Groton Heights, the British were led by Connecticut native Benedict Arnold, who did substantial damage to the town.
British strategy after Saratoga.
After General John Burgoyne surrendered his army after the Battles of Saratoga in October 1777 France entered the war, recognizing the United States and entering into a military alliance. France dispatched a fleet and army across the Atlantic to aid the Americans fighting for independence, in addition to pursuing military operations in the Caribbean and the East Indies. France also applied pressure on Spain to enter the war; although this did not happen until 1779, Spanish actions in other theaters further stretched British military resources.
These strategic changes forced the British to shift their attention away from North America, moving troops, ships and resources to defend the West Indies, India and other colonial possessions, as well as guarding against the threat of a French invasion of Great Britain itself. In North America, the British withdrew from Philadelphia in 1778, and made New York City the headquarters for the North American theater of war. They then embarked on a southern strategy, in which they sought to gain control over the colonies of Georgia, North and South Carolina, and Virginia, where they believed Loyalist sentiment to be strong. This activity formed the bulk of military activity in North America for the remainder of the war, but actions and forays occurred from British strongholds in Quebec, New York, Rhode Island, and Nova Scotia.
Following their consolidation after the Saratoga disaster, the British began recruiting American Loyalists and Native allies in great numbers to make up for their lack of army troops, and dispatched them on what were essentially raiding expeditions against Patriot settlements on the frontiers. Using their naval supremacy the British also launched raids and amphibious actions against the New England coastline.
American strategy after Saratoga.
American military strategy widened to some extent following entry of France into the war. The states were still dominated by the larger British army, which kept the Continental Army on the defensive outside Philadelphia and New York. The British began withdrawing from Philadelphia early in 1778, and the arrival of a French fleet off Philadelphia in July increased prospects for offensive action. While these large-scale actions occupied the army, militia and settlers on the northern and west frontiers of New York and Pennsylvania had to contend with incursions by Indians and Loyalists organized by the British out of posts in Quebec.
Skirmishes around New York.
Each side made probes or diversionary movements designed to keep the other side on edge and uncertain of its intentions. General Clinton sent troops to "clean out that nest of Rebel Pirates" at Little Egg Harbor, New Jersey. In the Battle of Chestnut Neck on October 6, 1778 the British destroyed some American supplies, and on the 15th surprised Pulaski's Legion in the Little Egg Harbor massacre. Apparently as a diversion to draw attention away from that raid, Clinton also sent troops into northern New Jersey. During those movements, 12 companies of British light infantry led by Charles Grey surprised and slaughtered a sleeping company of American dragoons in the Baylor Massacre on September 27, 1778.
In May 1779 Clinton captured the outpost at Stony Point, New York, which guarded one side of a major crossing point on the Hudson River. When he weakened this force to provide troops for William Tryon's coastal raids, Washington devised an attack to regain the position. In the Battle of Stony Point on July 16, 1779, the fort was stormed by Anthony Wayne's light infantry. Clinton later withdrew his forces back to New York as part of the planning for the invasion of the southern states. Later in 1779, Light Horse Harry Lee led American troops in a surprise raid on Paulus Hook in present-day Jersey City, New Jersey that weakened British control of northern New Jersey.
In early 1780, a British attack against an American outpost in Westchester County, New York resulted in about 50 American casualties and 75 captured in the Battle of Young's House. The last notable action in the New York area was an attempt by the British to regain control of northern New Jersey in June 1780 by attacking the main Continental Army camp at Morristown. The first British-Hessian thrust by Wilhelm von Knyphausen was blocked at the Battle of Connecticut Farms on June 7. A second offensive by Knyphausen on June 23 was halted in the Battle of Springfield after stiff fighting when Nathanael Greene appeared on the scene with 2,000 troops. This put an end to British ambitions in New Jersey.
On 21 July 1780, Wayne with two Pennsylvania brigades and four cannons attacked a loyalist blockhouse at Bulls Ferry, New Jersey. In the Battle of Bull's Ferry, the 70 Tories endured an artillery barrage and repelled all American attacks, inflicting 15 killed and 49 wounded while suffering only 21 casualties.
Coastal actions.
The northern coast did not see a great deal of military action after 1777, although the British executed a series of raids against the coastal communities of Connecticut and Massachusetts, and there was occasional skirmishing.
The arrival off New York of a French fleet in July 1778 caused a flurry of activity. Major General John Sullivan had earlier been sent to Rhode Island to organize an attack on British-occupied Newport. The British raided his supply caches, as well as destroying military defenses and significantly damaging several communities on Mount Hope Bay. Sullivan's efforts became part of the first major attempt at Franco-American cooperation after the idea of an attack on New York was rejected. Marred by bad weather and poor communication, French troops arrived but were not used, and the Americans, while in retreat after a brief failed siege effort at Newport, fought an inconclusive battle with British forces in the Battle of Rhode Island. General Clinton marshalled troops from New York intending to support the New York garrison, but he arrived off Newport after the Americans had been driven off. Clinton instead ordered these troops on a raid (also led by General Grey) against New Bedford, Massachusetts and Martha's Vineyard in September 1778. He also ordered a series of raids on the Connecticut coast led by William Tryon in 1779. The most devastating raid was against New London in 1781, led by turncoat British General Benedict Arnold.
In the summer of 1778 British military planners in London began to develop plans for a new Loyalist settlement in Penobscot Bay. An expedition was organized in early 1779, and on May 30, a fleet carrying troops and supplies left Halifax, Nova Scotia. Arriving about two weeks later, the British established a series of fortifications on the east side of the bay. The State of Massachusetts organized an expedition to drive the British out with minimal support from the Continental Congress. This expedition ended in disaster, with the entire fleet destroyed and nearly half the expedition's men killed, captured, or wounded. It was the worst defeat of an American naval force until the 20th century. Failure of the expedition was attributed to a lack of well-defined command between the land and naval components, and Commodore Dudley Saltonstall's unwillingness to engage the British fleet that arrived in relief.
Frontier war.
Expanded Native American role.
In the aftermath of the Saratoga campaign, a frontier war emerged. Before Burgoyne's campaign, Quebec's Governor Guy Carleton had previously restricted their use in Quebec territory (which at that time encompassed the Iroquois lands that are now western New York, Ohio, and northwestern Pennsylvania). Carleton was, however, ordered by Secretary of State George Germain (who harbored an intense political and personal hatred for Carleton, and had denied him the command given to Burgoyne) to expand recruitment. This Carleton did, encouraging and funding John Butler at Fort Niagara for the purpose. Some of these recruits joined Burgoyne, while others joined Barry St. Leger on his equally unsuccessful Siege of Fort Stanwix in August 1777. The bloody Battle of Oriskany, fought mainly between Native Americans on the British side and Tryon County militia accompanied by some Oneidas, exposed fractures within the Iroquois Confederacy and marked the start of a bloody intra-Iroquois civil war.
Although there were still tribal interests that wanted to remain neutral, vocal advocates of war, including the Mohawk leader Joseph Brant, and the continued persuasion of John Butler (which included many presents and the use of liquor to weaking Native resolve), convinced many of the Iroquois, particularly the Senecas and Cayugas to take up arms for the British. These forces were principally led by war chiefs leaders Cornplanter and Sayenqueraghta, although Brant led a contingent of Mohawks and a small force of Loyalists known as Brant's Volunteers. Brant's recruitment of Loyalists sometimes put him at odds with the Butlers, who were also recruiting Loyalists for their ranger companies.
Raiding in the valleys, 1778.
These forces engaged in destructive raids on outlying settlements of New York and Pennsylvania in the Mohawk, Susquehanna, Delaware, and upper Hudson River valleys. These operations were primarily under the leadership of John Butler, his son Walter, or under the direction of one of the war chiefs. They were supplied by the British in Quebec and sympathetic Loyalist and Indian communities. These raids sometimes crossed into the territory of present-day Vermont, territory that was formally claimed by New York but had recently proclaimed independence from New York after many years of dispute. The frontier settlers organized militia to defend themselves, and were supported by a few Continental Army Regiments based at Fort Schuyler, Cherry Valley, and the Wyoming Valley (now part of Pennsylvania but then disputed between that state and Connecticut). These defenses were largely ineffective at preventing the raiders from acting, but communities were sometimes warned of impending attacks by friendly Oneidas, most of whom sided with the Americans.
In 1778, Brant recruited a mixed force of Loyalists and Iroquois, and started his frontier raids with an attack on Cobleskill, New York in May 1778, and the Senecas operated in the Susquehanna River valley, driving settlers out of present-day Lycoming County, Pennsylvania in a series of actions that became known as the Big Runaway. The Butlers and Senecas joined forces in early July to attack the Wyoming Valley. Although Brant was not present, atrocities claimed to have been committed there contributed to his reputation as a "monster", and the Seneca were outraged at false accusations that they had committed atrocities.
Brant joined forces with some of Butler's Rangers to attack German Flatts in early September. New York authorities responded to Brant's activities by destroying the Indian towns of Unadilla and Onaquaga in October; those towns had been used by Brant and the Butlers as bases of operation. Brant, the Butlers and some Senecas joined forces to take revenge by participating in a major attack on Cherry Valley in early November in which as many as 30 non-combatants were slaughtered in the aftermath. British forces from the Montreal area led by Major Christopher Carleton raided communities in the upper Hudson River valley in October.
Sullivan expedition, 1779.
The brutal frontier warfare led to calls in the Continental Congress for the army to take an active role. In 1779, Washington sent General John Sullivan on a punitive expedition to suppress Indian attacks. Sullivan and his troops systematically destroyed Iroquois villages, successfully driving the Iroquois north into Quebec. In the only major action in that expedition, Sullivan's forces defeated those of the Butlers and Brant in the Battle of Newtown. Brant led raids that specifically targeted the villages of the Oneida and the Tuscarora, who also supported the American cause. This destruction of Indian villages on both sides effectively depopulated much of the Iroquois territory as the survivors of the raids became refugees, but Sullivan's expedition failed in its objective of stopping or reducing the frequency of frontier attacks.
Raiding continues.
The Butlers continued to attack New York frontier areas while Brant became more active on the western front. In early April 1782, Anne Hupp defended the fort of Miller's Blockhouse against a Shawnee Indian attack, for over 24 hours in 1782 while eight months pregnant, after her husband was murdered and scalped.
Even after preliminary peace was agreed in 1782, Brant tried to continue the war, but was forced to abandon the effort when the British stopped supplying him.

</doc>
<doc id="9728086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728086" title="Newtown area graffiti and street art">
Newtown area graffiti and street art

Since the 1980s, the area surrounding the inner-Sydney suburb of Newtown, New South Wales (NSW), Australia—including the suburbs of Newtown, Enmore, Erskineville, Camperdown and St Peters—has displayed works of graffiti and street art on walls. The public visual art in the Newtown area consists of a variety of styles and methods of execution, including large-scale murals, hand-painted political slogans, hand-painted figurative designs, spray painted semi-abstract designs, and stylistic developments such as stencil art and street poster art (also known as "wheatpasting").
Locations.
Street art locations in the greater Newtown area include:
Another example is two slogans painted on the wall of a house on Salisbury Rd in Camperdown, at the Kingston Rd intersection. A large hand-painted slogan that displayed, "Madonna: The Devil Incarnate", was accompanied by a smaller slogan that read, "iConsume". Both slogans lasted approximately two weeks before being painted over.
Artists and attribution.
Although several major works are community or private commissions, or were carried out with permission, others are illegal. Artworks are therefore rarely attributed to their respective artists due to the need for anonymity. Another impediment to attribution is the abstract nature of the pieces and identifying "tags" of the creators.
Unmitigated Audacity Productions.
Many of the biggest and best-known large-scale murals painted in Newtown in the early 1990s were created by a group of mural artists called "Unmitigated Audacity Productions (UAP)". This group included Sydney mural artists, Matthew Peet (aka "Mistery" and member of hip-hop group, Brethren), Juilee Pryor, and New Zealand-born artist, Andrew Aiken.
Among the past and present murals that can be attributed to UAP are:
Juilee Pryor photographed much of the group's mural work and she has donated digital copies of these photos to the City of Sydney's photographic archive on the ArchivePix website 
Andrew Aiken.
Andrew Aiken was the principal artist and major collaborator on several of the most prominent murals in the Newtown area in the early 1990s. His life was detailed in a 2003 "Sydney Morning Herald" article by Sean Nicholls. Using a donated cherry picker and a thousand dollars worth of paint, Aiken and Pryor created the "I Have a Dream" mural on King St. over two nights in August 1991, describing it as a "humanist protest against the sterility of postmodern art".
Twelve months earlier, Aiken had fled the UK after murdering a man he had lived with in a London squat and burying the body of the 40-year-old busker in the squat's cellar. In 1997, after converting to Christianity, Aiken was convinced to give himself up by the leader of the religious group he had joined, the Twelve Tribes community in Picton, New South Wales. He returned to England, where he was tried and convicted of murder. He served 8 years in prison and, on his release in 2005, joined another Twelve Tribes community in Chilliwack, British Columbia.
Big City Freaks.
The "Big City Freaks" street art collective, founded in 1998, includes the artists PUDL, SNARL, SKULL McMURPHY (Troy Edwards), SET and ZEN (aka SKOTE STYLES). The group has executed several large-format murals and other works in the distinctive "blended" style, combining highly stylized tags and striking graphic elements such as monsters, aliens, robots, skulls and designs sourced from Japanese art. Probably the most popular and currently the longest-surviving example of their collective work is the "Great Wave" mural. The group has its own website, where images of many of the group's works can be seen. One of BCF's most recent works is a large large-format mural, created in late October 2009 on the rear wall of the Ausscrap Building, facing Wilford St, Enmore.
The mural is featured on the CD back cover photograph of the album, "Size of the Ocean", by Sydney, Australia band, Big Heavy Stuff.
Preservation.
Several of the largest and most prominent Newtown area murals, dating from the early 1990s, are no longer extant.
The Council of the City of Sydney administers much of the north Newtown area. In Paragraph 8 of its Aerosol Art and Graffiti Policy the Council ostensibly recognizes that these existing large murals are public-domain works worthy of conservation and maintenance, although in practice it has done nothing to prevent murals such as "Idiot Box" from being removed. Moreover, a Council media spokesperson recently stated that its general approach is "... to remove graffiti quickly and consistently to help maintain the appearance of our city while discouraging repeat incidents".
Property owners have stripped and/or painted over a number of the area's most prominent works of street art in recent years, while others have been obscured by adjacent construction or destroyed by the demolition of the buildings on which they are painted, as in the case of the wall along Wilford Lane, Enmore, which formed the rear part of the former Blockbuster video store site, which was redeveloped into a large apartment complex.
Many other works are gradually covered over with more recent work by other graffiti artists after a period of weeks or months.
Murals and wall art of the Newtown area.
King Street north and environs.
The first mural that visitors will encounter when traveling south along King St. from the city is the "Herald" mural in northern King St. This large mural is an enlarged reproduction of the top section of the front page of the Friday 10 July 1992 edition of the "Sydney Morning Herald" newspaper, as can be clearly seen in the accompanying image.
The "I Have a Dream" (Martin Luther King) mural, painted over two nights in August 1991, is the largest, most prominent, and the longest-surviving of the many large format murals created around Newtown by the team known as Unmitigated Audacity Productions, the core members of which were New Zealand-born Canadian artist Andrew Aiken and his colleague Juilee Pryor. They were assisted in this mural by Tony Spanos, who provided a cherry-picker to allow the upper part of the mural to be painted. It commemorates American civil rights leader Dr Martin Luther King Jr.. One of the last surviving large-format murals in the area, it displays a large portrait of Dr King, next to a large painted depiction of the Apollo 8 photograph of the Earth from space, and Dr King's quote "I have a dream" in large Gothic lettering, near which is the quotation from Genesis 37:19: "Behold the dreamer cometh; Come now therefore and let us slay him, and we shall see what will become of his dreams".
The upper section of the design remains largely unchanged from its original concept. A portion of left-hand-side of the mural was damaged by a 2011 fire that destroyed a temporary ticket booth set up nearby, but it was restored soon after. The lower part of the mural has gone through numerous changes since it was first painted. At the time the mural was created, there was a raised garden bed against the wall of the building and the shrubs planted there partially obscured the bottom section, which initially featured a painted collage of a group of people. The council cleared the vegetation soon after and the lower part of the mural soon began to be defaced, notably with racist graffiti, which Aiken and Pryor quickly painted over, sometimes with anti-racist slogans. Frustrated by criticism of the mural by Marrickville Council's Community Arts Officer of the time, Aiken then over-painted the figures with a quotation from the officer ("Murals are no longer a valid art form") in large white Gothic lettering. He subsequently repainted the entire bottom section with a Newtown "Declaration of Independence" that featured a large blank space and the invitation "Sign here". At some point after this was painted, the council removed the garden bed and the declaration was in turn replaced with the design that is still in place, a large representation of the Aboriginal flag.
The Last Supper Mural on King St. is located opposite the intersection of Church St. Despite broad community acceptance of the mural and the general respect shown to it, the mural has recently been defaced by vandal taggers who climbed onto the roof of the building it is painted on (and many others in the vicinity) and who spray-painted tags on the top edge of the mural and many other buildings in the vicinity.
The "Africa" mural in King St. was originally painted in the early 1990s. The large work occupies the entire side wall of an African restaurant, located between the Newtown Mission and the Commonwealth Bank. The first version was reproduced from an old map printed by the Australian firm Chas. Scally & Co., most likely dating from the 1960s. The current version, painted over the original in the early 2000s, reflects the major changes in African political geography in the recent times.
The "Eagle" mural is located in Wilson St., Newtown, on the rear wall of the Newtown Mission. The graphic style and content are very similar to the "Martin Luther King" mural and it is presumed to have been created by Andrew Aiken sometime in the early to mid-1990s. The lengthy Biblical quotation on the left-hand side of the mural is from the Book of Isaiah 40:28-31.
King Street south.
There are many prominent murals and "wall art" works to be found along the southern end of King St., between Newtown Station and St. Peter's Station/Sydney Park. Only a few of these face directly onto King St., and most are located along the side walls of buildings on the corners of King St and the various side streets that lead off from it.
The "South of the Border" mural (created by Unmitigated Audacity Productions) is located on the side wall of a shop on King St., opposing the Union Hotel. This mural was clearly visible for many years, but is now obscured by a tree growing in the front yard of the terrace house next door.
Enmore Road.
The major mural along Enmore Road is the "Jungle" mural painted on the side of the medical practice on the corner of Bailey St. and Enmore Rd., next to the Caltex petrol station. Created by retired artist, Colin Bebe, it depicts various African wild animals rampaging around the intersection of King St. and Enmore Rd.
The "Great Wave" mural.
One of the largest Newtown murals is the "Great Wave" mural, painted on the side of a house located at the corner of Munni St. and Gowrie St. in south Newtown. Created in 2000, it features a striking combination of elaborate 3D style abstract pieces and pictorial images on a Japanese theme, including a huge image of a breaking wave rendered in the style of the famous Hokusai woodcut The Great Wave Off Kanagawa. The work is credited to artists "DAYS", "DMOTE", "PUDL" and "SNARL", members of the street art collective "Big City Freaks" (BCF), whose initials can be seen on the far right of the Great Wave mural. In October 2009 members of this group rendered a new mural along the rear wall of the Ausscrap building, facing Wilford St.
Trafalgar St.
The two story terrace located at the corner of Trafalgar St and Liberty St in Newtown was another prominent Newtown street art site. The work was commissioned over time during the mid to late nineties to give street artists a prominent wall for their work and to brighten an otherwise grey point in the urban landscape. The street-side walls of this house were adorned with a number of images including 1970s cartoon character "Fat Albert" (painted on the side fence), a large flowing design incorporating a mermaid (depicting the owners love of swimming), and a group of aliens. The Fat Albert was done by Rory (Rors/Akira?) and the aliens by Phiber/Phibs, both prominent artists of the area. The portraits of George Harrison and Jimi Hendrix on the Liberty St. frontage were by graphic artist Jason Moses, who has collaborated with Matthew Peet and who also painted the travel-themed murals on the walls of the Abbey on King backpacker hostel in King St. This property was sold in early 2008 and underwent extensive renovation during 2010, resulting in the eventual destruction of all the murals painted there prior to 2010. In late 2013 two new mural works, one depicting Bogart and Hepburn in "The African Queen", and the other of singer Freddie Mercury were painted onto the Trafalgar St side of the building (facing the railway).
Other large murals.
The "Three Proud People" mural faces the railway adjacent to the Macdonaldtown railway station. Created ca. 2000, the mural is a reproduction of the famous photo taken at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics, when African-American athletes Tommie Smith and John Carlos sparked controversy by wearing black gloves and giving the "Black Power" salute during their medal award ceremony. The third person in the image was Australian athlete Peter Norman, who died in 2006. This mural became the subject of significant Australian media coverage at the time of Norman's death. For many years, the mural was a landmark for thousands of commuters who passed it daily on Sydney's western rail line. In 2007, RailCorp erected high concrete noise barriers near MacDonaldtown Station, which obscured the mural from train travellers. In 2008, Melbourne filmmaker Matt Norman led a campaign to attempt to force RailCorp to install transparent noise barriers to allow the mural to be seen by commuters.
The "Sydney '04" mural is located on the corner of Eve and Coulson St, Erskineville. It was painted in 2004 with the permission of the owner by a team of artists—Australian graffiti artist Dallas (who also created a controversial commissioned mural in Surry Hills [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2002/12/12/1039656170123.html]) and two others. Their tags, obscured by the car in the photo, are "Days Aus", "Drift NL" (from the Netherlands) and "Webs NZ". The owner added the red 'No War' slogan in 2007 as a protest against the war in Iraq and a kind of tribute to Saunders and Burgess, the peace activists who painted a "No War" slogan the Opera House in 2003.
Enmore laneways.
One of the most popular areas for graffiti and wall art is the industrial area near the Silo Apartments, bounded by Station St., Enmore Rd., Phillip St. and the railway. Many striking graffiti works can be seen on the various factory and warehouse walls along Gladstone St, Wilford St, Wilford Lane, Thurnby Lane and Phillip Lane. Some murals in this area have remained intact for several years while others typically last for only short periods before being tagged or overpainted.
Some of the most stylistically distinctive graffiti art works to appear in the Newtown area in recent times are the striking creations by the artist who signs his work "EMÖS". These highly intricate, semi-abstract bio-mechanical designs, executed by hand with spray paint, are all sited along Phillip Lane, behind Enmore Rd; some are still visible in June 2007, although inevitably they are being progressively covered by the work of other graffiti artists, and the two examples, shown above second from left and centre, haves now been painted over. However, a number of similarly styled works by other artists, shown below, have appeared along Phillip Lane during in recent weeks.
A piece of graffiti on or near Bedford Street (next to the railway line), which says "Cut me a line / of poetry, man." has been attributed to well-known local poet Benito Di Fonzo. People have claimed that he scribbled the piece to impress his then-girlfriend, local artist Joanne Patricia Shand (aka. Jo Jo Rona). The line is featured in Di Fonzo's poem, "Cut Me A Line of Poetry". Another dedication to Patricia Shand exists in Erskenville that shows her with two dogs in a wall mural; however, the painter is unknown.
Camperdown Memorial Rest Park.
One of the key locations for political and personal graffiti in the Newtown area is the long sandstone wall surrounding St Stephen's Church in Newtown. By the 1940s the cemetery was overgrown. In 1946 local girl Joan Norma Ginn was murdered and her body dumped in the cemetery, where it remained for several days before being found. This prompted action by the local council, which resulted in all but four acres being cleared and resumed as public space. An Act of Parliament in 1948 established the Camperdown Memorial Rest Park, under control of the local council. As a result, most of the gravestones were taken up and placed around the inside of the sandstone wall, although the graves were not disturbed and the depressions that mark their locations are still discernible.
Much of the graffiti on the wall around the church is brush-painted or spray-painted, and many are politically oriented slogans, although some stencil graffiti has appeared in recent times, and a number of striking large-scale mural works have been painted on walls and fences surrounding the park.
Although most of the graffiti is relatively recent, some examples have survived for many years. One venerable piece of brush-painted graffiti (above, second from left), which can be reliably dated to the mid-1970s and which is still partially visible, is the political slogan, "Is Frazer (sic) controlling your bowels?"—a reference to controversial 1970s Liberal Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser. A photograph of this slogan appeared in a 1976 book on Australian graffiti by photographer Rennie Ellis.
Other long-lasting pieces of handpainted graffiti on this wall, believed to be from the late 1970s or early 1980s, include the slogans "Patriarchy creates destruction" and "Hands held violently on to words that meant nothing" (above, far left). Another slogan remembered by some residents, was: "broken-hearted disillusioned desperates against meanness and nastiness, greed and stupidity."
Another significant location in Camperdown Park is the various rear walls and back fences of the buildings at the southern edge of the park that face onto Australia Street. A large continuous mural (above, centre) featuring many pictoral designs and elaborate tags, has been painted along the side wall of the large commercial building that faces the Courthouse Hotel, and most of the other fences and walls in this area of the park now have murals or decorative tags, although these have changed a number of times in recent years. The two examples above illustrate this—the mural second from right (photographed in March 2007) had been entirely painted over by July 2007 and replaced by the mural shown above, far right.
Stencil graffiti.
In the last few years there has been a rapid proliferation of stencil graffiti around Newtown, with dozens of designs appearing on walls in the area during 2005-2006. This development reflects the growing popularity of this style in many international cities, and particularly in Melbourne, Victoria.
For several years (ca. 2006-2011) the most notable location in the Newtown area was the outer wall of the triangular property on the corner of Gladstone St. and Phillip S.t in Enmore. The owners allowed graffiti to be applied as long as it was stencil art and from 2006 onwards dozens of stencil designs of all shapes and sizes were applied, and the collection grew. Artists on this wall included "KRAM", "Dam!", and "GlitaGirl". Ca. 2010 a plaster cast of a television and VCR (with the word "obsolescence" embossed on the screen) was installed on the footpath in front of the wall. The first version was vandalized and was soon replaced. In 2011, the stencil wall was completely over-painted with a large monochrome mural depicting the main entrance hall of the Natural History Museum in London.
Poster or 'Paste Up'/'Wheatpaste' graffiti.
Since the mid-2000s innumerable examples of this new form of graphic street art have appeared in the Newtown area. Many small poster and sticker type graffiti graphics have been placed in various locations over the last few years, but these larger works — similar in scope to the many large poster graffiti works that have appeared in Melbourne in recent years — are a relatively recent development in Newtown.
Unlike the conventional painted designs and the recent popularity for stencil graffiti, these new works are essentially a form of poster art. Smaller designs are typically monochrome photocopies (some of which may be hand coloured) while others have been printed as self-adhesive stickers which are often affixed to roadside traffic signs.
Several large-format examples have appeared in 2007 such as the 'cartoon' figures pictured below, and the bus design, which was approximately a metre in length. Some, such as the octopus design from Gladstone St, appear to have been hand-painted or screen printed onto the backs of commercially printed street posters.
Other media.
Several novel street art developments have recently appeared in the Newtown area.
Works no longer extant.
Below: four vanished Newtown murals -- "Idiot Box", Erskineville Rd (photographed November 2006), a Jimi Hendrix portrait in Camperdown Memorial Rest Park (photographed July 2005) and a colourful Mayan-inspired mural (same location and date) and a mural in Goddard Lane (off King St.) photographed in January 2007.
A number of the largest works of street art in the Newtown area have been removed or painted over by the 21st century; including several large murals executed by Aiken , Pryor and others in the early to mid-1990s (formerly located along, or near, Erskineville Road).
For many years since the 1970s, a strip of land along both sides of Erskineville Road, extending east from King St., was reserved by the NSW Department of Main Roads as part of a plan to build a large arterial road through the area. This scheme was eventually abandoned after the imposition of Green Bans by the Builders Labourers Federation (BLF), which effectively stopped all work on the planned road; although, a number of shops and houses along the street were demolished. This struggle is now commemorated by Green Bans Park, located near the railway on Erskineville Rd. The park is located on land that was formerly occupied by buildings that were demolished to make way for the proposed road.
Prominent street art pieces and large murals that are no longer extant include:
Erskineville Road.
'"Below" - the mural artworks on the former Newtown Police Citizens & Youth Club, cnr Erskineville Rd and Angel St.
Commercialisation.
In mid-2009, artists associated with Sydney company, "Mr Perso & Detch", to execute a commissioned "guerilla" graffiti campaign on behalf of Warner Music to promote the album, "21st Century Breakdown", by American rock band, Green Day. The campaign included large painted images in several locations in Newtown and Surry Hills, and the painting of approximately eighty stencils in skate parks around the Sydney city area. The large images depicted the artwork and title of the album; however, at least two of the Newtown murals were soon defaced as a protest by locals, who sprayed over the slogan "CA$h Cow". Sydney City Council, which has incorporated policies aimed at discouraging "graffiti", was reported to be investigating the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="9728093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728093" title="UCLA Bruins men's basketball">
UCLA Bruins men's basketball

The UCLA Bruins men's basketball program, established in 1920, owns a record 11 Division I NCAA championships. UCLA teams coached by John Wooden won 10 national titles in 12 seasons from 1964 to 1975, including 7 straight from 1967 to 1973. UCLA went undefeated a record 4 times, in 1964, 1967, 1972, and 1973. Coach Jim Harrick led the team to another NCAA title in 1995. Former coach Ben Howland led UCLA to three consecutive Final Four appearances from 2006–2008. On March 30, 2013, Steve Alford was named the school's 13th head men's basketball coach.
NCAA records.
UCLA men's basketball has set several NCAA records.
<br>* Excludes 1980 tournament results vacated by NCAA
History.
Early UCLA basketball.
In 1919, Fred Cozens became the first head coach of the UCLA basketball and football teams in 1919. Cozens remained UCLA's basketball coach through 1921 and guided them to a 20–4 record. Caddy Works was the head coach of the University of California, Los Angeles from 1921 to 1939, guiding them to a 173-159 record. Works was a lawyer by profession and coached the team only during the evenings. According to UCLA player and future Olympian Frank Lubin, Works was "more of an honorary coach" with little basketball knowledge. Wilbur Johns was the head coach of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) from 1939 to 1948, guiding them to a 93-120 record.
The John Wooden era.
From 1948 to 1975, John Wooden, nicknamed the "Wizard of Westwood," served as head coach at UCLA. He won ten NCAA national championships in a 12-year period, seven of those in a row, easily breaking the previous record of only two in a row. Within this period, his teams won a record 88 consecutive games. He was named national coach of the year six times.
Wooden had immediate success, fashioning the mark of the rarest of coaches, an "instant turnaround" for an undistinguished, faltering program. Prior to his arrival, UCLA had only had two conference championship seasons in the previous 18 years. In his first season, he took a UCLA team that had a 12–13 record the previous year and transformed it into a Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) Southern Division champion with a 22–7 record, the most wins in a season for UCLA since it started playing basketball in 1919. He surpassed that number the next season with 24–7 and a second division title and overall conference title in 1950, and would add two more in his first four years. Up to that time, UCLA had collected a total of two division titles since the PCC began divisional play, and hadn't won a conference title of any sort since winning the Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in 1927.
By the 1955-56 season, Wooden had established a sustained success at UCLA. That year, he guided the team to its first undefeated PCC conference title, and a 17-game winning streak that came to an end only at the hands of Bill Russell's University of San Francisco team in the 1956 NCAA Tournament. However, UCLA was unable to advance from this level over the immediately ensuing seasons, finding itself unable to return to the NCAA Tournament as the Pete Newell-coached teams at the University of California, Berkeley took control of the conference at the end of the decade. Also hampering the fortunes of Wooden's team during that time period was a probation imposed on all UCLA sports in the aftermath of a scandal involving illegal payments made to players on the school's football team, along with USC, Cal and Stanford, resulting in the dismantling of the PCC conference.
By 1962, with the probation no longer in place, Wooden had righted the basketball program's ship and returned his team to the top of the conference. This time, however, they would take the next step, and in so doing, unleash a run of dominance unparalleled in the history of college basketball. A narrow loss, due largely to a controversial foul call, in the semifinal of the 1962 NCAA Tournament convinced Wooden that his Bruins were ready to contend for national championships. Two seasons later, the final piece of the puzzle fell into place when assistant coach Jerry Norman persuaded Wooden that the team's small-sized players and fast-paced offense would be complemented by the adoption of a zone press defense. The result was a dramatic increase in scoring, giving UCLA a powerhouse team that went undefeated on its way to the school's first basketball national championship.
Wooden's team repeated as national champions the following season before the 1966 squad fell briefly, finishing second in the conference to Oregon State. UCLA was ineligible to play in the NCAA tournament that year, because in those days only conference champions went to the tournament. However, the Bruins' 1967 incarnation returned with a vengeance, reclaiming not only the conference title, but the national crown with an undefeated season, and then retaining it every season but one until Wooden's retirement in 1975.
In January 1968, UCLA took its 47-game winning streak to the Astrodome in Houston, where Lew Alcindor squared off against Elvin Hayes in the Game of the Century before a national television audience. Houston upset UCLA 71-69 as Hayes scored 39 points. In a post-game interview, Wooden said, "We have to start over." Start over they did, as UCLA went undefeated the rest of year and trashed Houston 101-69 in the semi-final rematch of the NCAA tournament en route to the national championship.
The resurgence of the Bruins under Wooden made it obvious that they needed a new home. Since 1932, the Bruins had played at the Men's Gym. It normally seated 2,400, but had been limited to 1,500 since 1955 by order of the city fire marshal. This forced the Bruins to move games to Pan Pacific Auditorium, the Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena and other venues around Los Angeles when they were expected to attract larger crowds—something that happened fairly often after the Bruins' first national title. At Wooden's urging, a much larger on-campus facility, Pauley Pavilion, was built in time for the 1965-66 season.
Wooden coached what would prove to be his final game in Pauley Pavilion on March 1, 1975, in a 93–59 victory over Stanford. Four weeks later, following a 75–74 overtime victory over Louisville in the 1975 NCAA Tournament semifinal game, Wooden announced that he would retire at age 64 immediately after the championship game. His legendary coaching career concluded triumphantly, as his team responded with a win over Kentucky to claim Wooden's first career coaching victory over the Wildcats and his unprecedented 10th national championship.
During his tenure with the Bruins, Wooden became known as the "Wizard of Westwood" (although he personally disdained the nickname) and gained lasting fame with UCLA by winning 620 games in 27 seasons and 10 NCAA titles during his last 12 seasons, including seven in a row from 1967 to 1973. His UCLA teams also had a record winning streak of 88 games and four perfect 30–0 seasons. They also won 38 straight games in NCAA Tournaments and 98 straight home game wins at Pauley Pavilion. Wooden was named NCAA College Basketball's "Coach of the Year" in 1964, 1967, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972 and 1973. In 1967, he was named the Henry Iba Award USBWA College Basketball Coach of the Year. In 1972, he shared "Sports Illustrated" magazine's "Sportsman of the Year" award with Billie Jean King. He was named to the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach in 1973, becoming the first to be honored as both a player and a coach.
Post-Wooden era.
From 1975 to 1977, Gene Bartow served as the head coach of UCLA. He guided them to a 52–9 record, including a berth in the 1976 Final Four. He coached the 1977 College Player of the Year, Marques Johnson.
Gary Cunningham became the head coach at UCLA in 1977. He coached two seasons, winning the Pacific-8 and Pacific-10 conference championships and leading UCLA to a #2 ranking in the final polls both seasons.
Larry Brown then moved on to coach for UCLA from 1979–1981, leading his freshman-dominated 1979–80 team to the NCAA title game before falling to Louisville, 59–54. However, that appearance was later vacated by the NCAA after two players were found to be ineligible—one of the few times a Final Four squad has had its record vacated.
Larry Farmer was the head coach of UCLA from 1981 to 1984, guiding them to a 61–23 () record. He had recruited Earvin "Magic" Johnson to come play at UCLA, but then told Johnson to hold off on a visit as he was more interested in Albert King. Neither played for UCLA.
In 1984, Walt Hazzard was UCLA's basketball coach, twenty-years after winning the national championship as a player. He coached for four seasons, winning 77 out of 125 games. The 1984-1985 UCLA Bruin basketball team won the NIT championship. The 1986-1987 UCLA Bruin basketball team won both the Pac-10 regular season championship as well as the inaugural Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament.
The Jim Harrick era.
In 1988, Jim Harrick returned to UCLA (he had spent two years as an assistant coach from 1978 to 1979) to assume head coaching duties after the firing of Walt Hazzard. During the recruiting period before his first season, he recruited Don MacLean which was the most significant recruit to commit to UCLA in several years and helped start a revival of the basketball program. During the 1994–1995 season, he led UCLA to a 31-2 record (a loss to California was subsequently forfeited to the Bruins) and the school's eleventh national championship, its first since the 1974–75 season. The 31 wins would stand as a school record until the 2005-06 season. In 1996, Harrick's Bruins were upset in the first round by Princeton. Shortly before the 1996 season, UCLA fired Jim Harrick for lying about who attended a recruiting dinner.
The Steve Lavin era.
On the departure of assistants Mark Gottfried and Lorenzo Romar for head coaching jobs shortly after the 1995 NCAA Championship season, Lavin, as the assistant with the longest tenure at UCLA, was selected as interim head coach.
Later that season on February 11, 1997, with the Bruins tied for first place in the Pac-10 with an 8–3 record, UCLA removed the "interim" tag from Lavin's title and formally named him as its 11th head coach. The Bruins then won their next 11 games en route to the Pac-10 title, before being eliminated by the Minnesota Gophers in the NCAA Midwest Regional Final. In seven seasons as head coach Lavin’s record was 12–4 in games involving overtime. Additionally Lavin's Bruins had a 10–4 record against the rival USC Trojans. During the period 1997–2002, Lavin’s Bruins compiled nine consecutive overtime victories. These included victories over Arizona, Cincinnati (2002 NCAA second round double overtime victory over No. 1 West Region seed), Kentucky, and Stanford (then ranked No 1).
At UCLA from 1996 to 2003, Lavin compiled a record of 145–78. As both an assistant and head coach, Lavin participated in 13 consecutive NCAA tournament appearances (1990–2002), while working at Purdue and UCLA. During Lavin's tenure as a head coach, he was one of only two coaches in the country to lead his team to five NCAA "Sweet 16s" in six years (1997, 1998, 2000-2002), the other coach being Duke's Mike Krzyzewski. Lavin guided UCLA to six consecutive seasons of 20 or more wins, as well as six consecutive NCAA tournament appearances.
As head coach at UCLA, Lavin and his staff recruited and signed the No. 1 rated recruiting class in the country in 1998 and 2001. Lavin signed seven McDonald's High School All-Americans. Seven of Lavin’s former Bruin recruits became roster members of NBA teams: Trevor Ariza (Washington Wizards), Matt Barnes (Los Angeles Clippers), Baron Davis, Dan Gadzuric, Ryan Hollins (Los Angeles Clippers), Jason Kapono (Panathinaikos B.C.), and Earl Watson (Utah Jazz).
During Lavin’s tenure as head coach, the Bruins qualified for six consecutive NCAA Tournaments (1997–2002). During this period, Lavin became one of two coaches (along with Duke’s Mike Krzyzewski) to have led his team to five NCAA Sweet 16s in six seasons. Lavin’s record in the first and second rounds of the NCAA tournament is 10–1. His winning percentage (90.9%) in the first two rounds is second only to Dean Smith in NCAA Tournament history. However, Lavin also coached the Bruins to their only loss in an NCAA tournament game played in the State of California (a 2002 loss to Missouri in San Jose).
In seven seasons as head coach Lavin's record was 12–4 in games involving overtime. The Bruins defeated the No. 1 team in the country in four consecutive collegiate seasons: Stanford in 2000 and 2001, Kansas in 2002 and Arizona in 2003.
In March 2003, following UCLA's first losing season (10–19) in 52 years, Lavin was fired.
Ben Howland era.
Despite some success under the watch of Steve Lavin, the program wanted to regain its position in the college basketball upper echelon. Even the success in the NCAA tournament belied the fact that UCLA had earned no better than a number 4 seed with the exception of the 1997 season. The 2002-03 season turned out to be the back-breaker for Lavin as the Bruins stumbled to a 10–19 record and a 6–12 record in the conference. It was the first losing season for UCLA in over five decades. Lavin was dismissed following the season.
UCLA looked to find a coach that could move the Bruins back to the elite ranks of the Pac-10 and the country. Howland's success at the University of Pittsburgh and his southern California roots made him an attractive candidate. In 2003, he accepted the only job he said he would ever contemplate leaving Pitt for: the head coaching duties at UCLA. UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero, who declined to hire Howland at UC Irvine in 1997, felt that Howland's Big East style of basketball, characterized by a slow down offense and lock-down man on man defense, would vault the program to the top of the Pac-10. However, Howland came into a program at the bottom of the Pac-10 with a roster not suited to his style. In his first season the club finished 11-17 and 7-11 in the conference. Howland remedied this disappointment in his recruiting efforts. Howland produced a top tier recruiting class from athletes in southern California that fit his Big East style. Behind Lavin hold-over Dijon Thompson and Howland recruits Jordan Farmar and Arron Afflalo, UCLA produced a winning season for the first time in three years and returned to the tournament. Despite losing in the first round, the foundation had been set for future success.
Starting the 2005-06 season with the majority of the roster made over in Howland's image and with the Lavin hold-overs buying into the system (e.g., Ryan Hollins and Cedric Bozeman) the Bruins produced an excellent campaign. They finished the regular season 24–6, winning the Pac-10 Conference title. They then roared through the Pac-10 tournament, winning each game by double digits en route to only the second Pac-10 tournament championship in school history. The momentum continued into the NCAA tournament as the second-seeded Bruins staged a memorable late-game comeback to defeat Gonzaga in the Sweet Sixteen. They then upset top-seeded Memphis to reach the school's first Final Four in 11 years. The run ended against Florida in the championship game whose imposing front-line proved to be a matchup problem for the Bruins.
Howland continued his success at UCLA the following year. The Bruins finished undefeated at home for the first time in 22 years, winning the Pac-10 conference title. However they lost in their first Pac-10 tournament game and were seeded second in the NCAA Tournament West Region. UCLA turned a tight opening into a blowout over Howland's alma mater Weber State in the first round. After a close second-round win over Indiana, Howland led the Bruins to a win over his former team, Pitt, coached by his former assistant, Jamie Dixon, in the Sweet Sixteen. The Bruins then again upset the top seed in the West Region, Kansas, in a classic matchup of two storied basketball programs and reached the second of UCLA's first consecutive Final Fours since the John Wooden era, only to lose again to Florida in the national semifinal.
At the start of the 2007-08 season, expectations for UCLA were the highest ever with the arrival of Kevin Love, one of the best low-post prospects in the high school class of 2007 [http://sports.espn.go.com/ncaa/recruiting/news/story?id=2529652]. Combined with the emergence of Russell Westbrook and Darren Collison in the back-court, the Bruins won their 3rd consecutive Pac-10 conference title, and their second Pac-10 tournament title in three years. They received their first #1 seed in the NCAA tournament since 1995, and once again reached the Final Four, where they faced another top seed, the Memphis Tigers. Memphis got the better of the Bruins, who returned to Westwood without a championship once again.
With a 77-73 victory over Penn on December 10, 2011; Howland passed Jim Harrick for second on UCLA's all-time wins list behind John Wooden.
On March 25, 2013, Howland was fired by UCLA.
Steve Alford era.
On March 30, 2013, Alford signed a seven-year, $18.2-million contract to become the head coach of UCLA, replacing the fired Ben Howland. That comes out to $2.6 million a year. It is interesting to compare Alford's contract with John Wooden's first contract at UCLA in 1948, where he signed a three-year contract for $6,000 in the first year. In his first year as head coach Alford led UCLA to a Pac-12 tournament championship, a feat not accomplished since 2008.
Season-by-season results.
†Loss later forfeited by Oregon State.
‡Loss later forfeited by California.
Source: UCLA Bruins men's basketball history
Facilities.
The men's basketball team played in the 2000 seat Men's Gym from 1932 to 1965. They played at other venues around Los Angeles including the Pan-Pacific Auditorium and Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena. In 1965, Pauley Pavilion was built on campus and has been the home of Bruin Basketball since that time. During the 2011-12 season, Pauley Pavilion underwent a complete renovation, both inside and out, earning it the nickname of "New Pauley." A new attendance record was set when 13,727 fans watched the Bruins defeating the Arizona Wildcats 74–69 on March 2, 2013.
Coaches.
The team has had 12 head coaches in its history, and they have won 11 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Men's Division I Basketball Championships, the most of any school. John Wooden won 10 national championships between 1964 and 1975, and Jim Harrick won the other in 1995. The "New York Times" wrote that Wooden "made UCLA the most successful team in college basketball." After Wooden retired, the four coaches that succeeded him resigned, and the following three—Harrick included—were fired. The average tenure of those coaches after Wooden was four years. Former coach Ben Howland, led the Bruins to three consecutive Final Four appearances from 2006 to 2008.
Rivals.
USC.
UCLA has 30 conference championships and USC has seven. When John Wooden became the coach, UCLA turned into a national basketball powerhouse. UCLA has won 11 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournaments and has dominated the conference, winning two games for every one that USC won. As of the 2007–2008 season, UCLA has won or shared the conference title 30 times, and USC has won or shared the title 9 times.
Notre Dame and Arizona.
UCLA had a basketball rivalry with Notre Dame that started when Digger Phelps was the Notre Dame coach and John Wooden was the UCLA coach. UCLA and Notre Dame played a home-and-home meeting for several seasons, which is otherwise uncommon outside conference play. This rivalry existed from the desire of the Notre Dame athletic department to schedule the top schools for intersectional competition. UCLA and Notre Dame played 42 times between 1966 and 1995, and the height of the rivalry was when Notre Dame ended UCLA's consecutive-game winning streak at 88 on January 19, 1974. UCLA also broke a 60-game Notre Dame winning streak in South Bend. Previous UCLA head coach Ben Howland scheduled Notre Dame four times: in 2004, 2005, 2008, and 2009. After UCLA's victory on February 7, 2009, UCLA leads the all-time series 28-19.
Since the mid-1980s, UCLA has also had a basketball rivalry with Arizona under coach Lute Olson, as the two schools competed for the Pac-10 Championship every year. Since 1985 the two teams have combined to win 21 out of the 29 conference titles. The UCLA-Arizona basketball rivalry still is seen as the match up of the two premier teams in the conference. Also, the performance of the two schools influences the national opinion of the conference.
By the numbers.
<br>* Excludes 1980 tournament results vacated by NCAA
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
UCLA players.
All individuals were (or will be) inducted as players unless otherwise noted.
UCLA coaches.
All individuals were inducted as coaches, though not necessarily for their service at UCLA.
Notable players.
The 13 players who have played on three NCAA Division I Championship basketball teams: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Sidney Wicks, Curtis Rowe, Lynn Shackelford, Larry Farmer, Henry Bibby, Steve Patterson, Kenny Heitz, Jon Chapman, John Ecker, Andy Hill, Terry Scholfield, and Bill Sweek.
UCLA became the first school to have a top winner in both basketball and football in the same year with Gary Beban winning the Heisman Trophy and Lew Alcindor (now Kareem Abdul-Jabbar) winning the U.S. Basketball Writers Association player of the year award in 1968.
UCLA has produced the most NBA Most Valuable Player Award winners, six of them by Abdul-Jabbar and one to Walton, who was Abdul-Jabbar's successor. , 83 former UCLA players have played in the NBA.
Conferences.
Record vs. Pac-12 opponents.
The UCLA Bruins lead the all-time series vs. all other eleven Pac-12 opponents. No other Pac-12 leads the series against more than eight of its conference opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="9728106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728106" title="Paola Elisabetta Cerioli">
Paola Elisabetta Cerioli

Saint Paola Elisabetta Cerioli (January 28, 1816 – December 24, 1865) is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church from Soncino, Italy and founder of the Institute of Sisters of the Holy Family and the congregation of the Family of Bergamo.
Biography.
Early years.
Cerioli, the daughter of Francesco Cerioli and Francesca Corniani, was born January 28, 1816 into an Italian noble family, the youngest of 16 children. At the age of 11, she was sent to school in Bergamo where she would be educated for 5 years. She was a frail child plagued by a heart condition throughout her life. Though she became lonely, the experience helped her religious convictions.
Marriage.
Cerioli returned to Soncino where an arranged marriage awaited her. At the age of 19, she married 59-year-old Gaetano Busecchi, widow of a countess. She accepted the proposal and was married on April 30, 1835. During a marriage, which lasted for 19 years, she had to deal with her husband's difficult character and poor health. Of the 4 children she gave birth to, 3 of them died prematurely. Her only child, Carlo, died at the age of 16 due to a serious illness in January 1854. That same year, her husband also died.
Religious life.
Following the death of her husband and son, she entered into a deep mourning period. She was able to find guidance in God and religious life. At the age of 38, she began to assist the poor and shared her material possessions with the young and orphaned children.
Cerioli decided to devote the remainder of her life in doing charity and contemplative prayer. She took a vow of chastity on December 25, 1856 which was soon followed by her vows of poverty and obedience on February 8, 1857. In December 1867 she founded the Institute of the Sisters of the Holy Family in Comonte to care for abandoned children and to assist new parents. It was during this time that Cerioli took the name of Paola Elisabetta. The men's Congregation of the Holy Family was founded on November 4, 1863.
Paola Elisabetta died in her home in Comonte on December 24, 1865 at the age 49.
Legacy.
Paola Elisabetta was beatified by Pope Pius XII on March 19, 1950 and canonized on Pope John Paul II on May 16, 2004.
In a homily on 16 May 2004 John Paul II said, "Paola Elisabetta understood that families remain strong when the bonds among their members are sustained and kept together by sharing the values of faith and a Christian way of life."

</doc>
<doc id="9728111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728111" title="Baco (god)">
Baco (god)

Baco is a Celtic god, invoked by Gauls and attested on inscriptions found in the areas of Chalon-sur-Saône and Eauze. His name indicates that he was probably a boar-god, of whom many are recorded in the Celtic world. Note also Old Irish "bacc" ‘bend, hook, corner’.

</doc>
<doc id="9728113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728113" title="Birdsville Airport">
Birdsville Airport

Birdsville Airport is an airport serving Birdsville, Queensland, Australia. During the Birdsville Races weekend each September, as many as 200 light aircraft visit the airport, with aviators permitted to camp under the wings of their planes. The Channel Mail Run, the world's longest mail run operates between Port Augusta, South Australia and Birdsville, stopping in the town to collect mail for the remote Queensland cattle stations of Glengyle and Durrie.
In September 2011, a $1.5 million upgrade was completed which included construction of a new terminal building, resurfacing and the installation of edge lights on runway 14/32 and extensions to the apron area to provide more aircraft parking and manoeuvring space. The upgrade was funded by the Diamantina Shire Council and Queensland Government's Regional Airport Development Scheme, in response to growth in aviation-related tourism leading to increased movements at the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9728125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728125" title="Holmes County School District (Mississippi)">
Holmes County School District (Mississippi)

The Holmes County School District is a public school district based in Lexington, Mississippi (USA). The district covers most of Holmes County, although a portion of Durant is served by the Durant Public School District.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 3,508 students enrolled in the Holmes County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 99.86% African American, 0.06% White, and 0.09% Asian. 93.2% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9728132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728132" title="Rhenish Republic">
Rhenish Republic

The Rhenish Republic () was proclaimed at Aachen (Aix-la-Chapelle) in October 1923 during the occupation of the Ruhr by troops from France and Belgium (January 19231925). It comprised three territories, named North, South and Ruhr. Their regional capitals were, respectively, Aachen, Koblenz and Essen.
Background.
The Rhenish Republic is best understood as the aspiration of a poorly focused liberation struggle. The name was one applied by the short-lived separatist movement that erupted in the German Rhineland during the politically turbulent years following Germany's defeat in the First World War. The objectives of the many different separatist groups ranged widely, from the foundation of an autonomous republic to some sort of a change of the status of the Rhineland within the Weimar Republic. Others advocated full integration of the Rhineland into France. Similar political currents were stirring in the south: June 1919 had seen the proclamation by Eberhard Haaß of the "Pfälzische Republik", centred on Speyer in the occupied territory of the Bavarian Upper Rhineland.
Rhenish separatism in the 1920s should be seen in the context of resentments fostered by economic hardship and the military occupation to which the previously prosperous region was subjected. After 1919, blame for defeat in the Great War was apportioned to (amongst others) the military or simply the French. France, like Germany, had been profoundly traumatised by the Great War and the conduct of her occupation of the left bank of the Rhine was perceived as unsympathetic, even among her Western wartime allies. Increasingly, however, blame was directed against the German government itself, in far-off Berlin. By 1923, as the German currency collapsed, the French occupation forces headquartered at Mainz (under the command of Generals Mangin and Fayolle) were having some success in their encouragement of anti-Berlin separatism in the occupied zones.
After 1924, economic hardship began slowly to diminish and a measure of brittle stability returned to Germany under the Weimar State. The appeal of Rhenish separatism, never a mass movement, was damaged by the violence employed by many of its more desperate supporters. The political temperature cooled after the French occupation of the Ruhr attracted increasingly strident criticism from Great Britain and the United States. Following the Dawes Plan in September 1924, an agreement to a slightly less punitive war reparations payment régime, the French vacated the Ruhr in the summer of 1925. The end of the Rhenish Republic can be dated at December 1924, when its leading instigator, Hans Adam Dorten (1880–1963), was obliged to flee to Nice. By 1930, when French troops also vacated the left bank of the Rhine, the concept of a Rhenish Republic, independent of Berlin, no longer attracted popular support.
Historical context.
The Cisrhenian Republic (–1802) and subsequent incorporation of the region into the French Empire lasted for less than a generation, but introduced to the occupied Rhineland many of the features of the modern state. These were revolutionary and widely welcomed. One objective of the Congress of Vienna in 1815 was to undo Napoléon's territorial changes, so the Rhineland and Westphalia reverted to the Kingdom of Prussia, while the Upper Rhine region became a western province of Bavaria. Nonetheless, Prussia's western territories continued to adhere to the Napoleonic legal system and, in many other respects, the relationship between the citizen and the state had been permanently transformed. In addition, mutual intolerance of religious differences, stretching back centuries, endured between Protestant Prussia and the predominantly Roman Catholic populations of the Rhineland. The reincorporation of most of the Rhineland into Prussia did not run smoothly and remained incomplete more than a century later. Many Rhinelanders continued to regard rule by Prussia as a form of foreign occupation. At the same time, these events occurred during the occupation of the Rhineland by American, Belgian, British and French troops.
Chronology.
Dr Adenauer calls a meeting.
On 1 February 1919, more than sixty of the Rhineland's civic leaders together with locally based Prussian National Assembly Members convened in Cologne at the invitation of the city's mayor, Konrad Adenauer of the Catholic Center Party. There was only one item on the agenda: "The Creation of the Rhenish Republic" ().
In addressing delegates, Adenauer identified the wreckage of Prussian hegemonistic power as the inevitable consequence "("notwendige Folge")" of the Prussian system. Prussia was viewed by opponents as "Europe's evil spirit" and was "ruled over by an unscrupulous caste of war-fixated militaristic aristocrats" (""). The other German states should, therefore, no longer put up with Prussian supremacy. Prussia must be divided up, and her western provinces separated out to form a West German Republic. This should render impossible future domination of Germany by Prussia's eastern militaristic ethos. Adenauer was, however, keen that his West German Republic should remain inside the German Political Union.
Agreement on blaming Berlin was the easy part: the complexity of the practical issues to be addressed in defining a federalist agenda for an economically destitute territory that politically, linguistically and legally was part of Germany, but most of which was occupied militarily by France, must have been daunting. In the end, the Cologne meeting produced a two-point resolution. The meeting asserted as valid the right of the Rhineland peoples to political self-determination. The proclamation of a West German Republic was to be deferred, however, so that the Prussian state might be divided up. In this way a practical solution could first be agreed with the occupying power and her allies regarding the issue of reparations issue.
During the months following Adenauer's meeting, separatist movements with a range of priorities and agendas appeared in many Rhineland towns and villages.
Hans Adam Dorten and the Wiesbaden Proclamation.
Hans Adam Dorten (1880–1963), an army reserve officer and former Düsseldorf public prosecutor, made a speech at Wiesbaden, on 1 June 1919, in which he proclaimed "The Independent Rhenish Republic", which was to incorporate the existing Rhineland Province along with parts of Hesse and Bavaria's Upper Rhineland. A non-violent "putsch" was also attempted across the Rhine in Mainz. This, along with other poorly coordinated localised actions inspired by Dorten's Wiesbaden Proclamation, failed to attract significant popular support and soon failed. The Supreme Court in Leipzig issued an arrest warrant for Dorten, citing 'high treason', but by remaining in the French occupied territories, the arrest warrant for Dorten could not be executed.
At liberty, Dorten continued his struggle: on 22 January 1922 he founded in Boppard a political party, the "Rhenish Peoples' Union" ("Rheinische Volksvereinigung"), chaired by Bertram Kastert (1868–1935), a senior Cologne pastor. Thanks to the outstanding treason indictment, Dorten and his circle found themselves shunned by members of the mainstream political parties. The Rhenish Peoples' Union stayed in the shadows, its weekly publication, "German Standpoint" ("Deutsche Warte") and its leaders' other campaigning activities depending on French sponsorship.
Occupation of the Ruhr.
During 1923, Germany was shaken by adverse international developments and by a dramatic further deterioration in the economic climate: the year was one of crises.
The German government fell into arrears with war reparations payments. In response, on 8 March 1921, French and Belgian troops moved in to occupy Duisburg and Düsseldorf. On 9 January 1923 the Reparations Commission determined that Germany had wilfully held back from making payments due, and two days later troops occupied the rest of the Ruhr Area: thus the Rhineland's richest industrial region now bore, on behalf of Germany, the principal burden of the reparations imposed at Versailles. In the fighting that followed more than a hundred people lost their lives. More than 70,000 were turned out in order to make space for French and Belgian workers Mostly young men, those suddenly evicted and deprived of their livelihoods frequently found themselves homeless and some ended up joining one or other of the various active Rhenish separatist groups. Respectable Rhinelanders, appalled at their unkempt appearance, were inclined to dismiss the dispossessed as work-shy thieving riff-raff ("").
The currency stability that had underpinned several decades of sustained economic growth in much of Europe well into the second decade of the twentieth century was a casualty of the First World War. The statesmen who devised the Versailles settlement were not economists. Their aspirations did not extend to creating the balanced economic environment needed to support future growth: even at the time their approach to the economic aspects of the Versailles Peace settlement drew strident criticism from John Maynard Keynes, an eminent and closely informed commentator. In 1923 the pre-war price stability remained a distant memory for Europeans, but the occupation of the Ruhr coincided with, and in the view of many commentators triggered, a tipping point for the German currency. Prices escalated: the usefulness of money collapsed and hyperinflation took hold; commerce virtually ceased. Writing in the journal "Die Weltbühne" ("The World Stage"), from the perspective of August 1929, the distinguished political commentator Kurt Tucholsky offered an assessment: “There was no appetite in the Rhineland for union with France, but little enthusiasm for continued union with Prussia. All that people wanted, and were entitled to, was an end to the hellish nightmare of hyperinflation and the creation of an autonomous republic with its own currency."
A "Government" in Koblenz: Separatism across the Rhineland.
Koblenz had been the administrative capital of the Prussian Rhine Province since 1822. Amidst the turmoil of economic collapse, it was here that, on 15 August 1923, the "United Rhenish Movement" ("") was formed from a merging of several existing separatist groups. Leaders included Dorten of the "Rhenish Peoples' Union" ("die Rheinische Volksvereinigung") and a journalist named Josef Friedrich Matthes (1886–1943) of the "Rhenish Independence League" ("der Rheinischen Unabhängigkeitsbund") which had been founded by Josef Smeets from Cologne. Another leading figure present was Leo Deckers from Aachen. The unambiguous goal of the United Rhenish Movement was the complete separation of the Rhineland from Prussia, and the establishment of a Rhenish Republic under French protection. The creation of the republic was to be publicly proclaimed: meetings would be convened across the Rhineland. Endorsement from the French, with their military headquarters in Mainz, was taken for granted: it is not clear what thought was given to the possibility that commanders of France's junior partner in the occupation might take a less benign view of separatist activities just across the border from Belgium's Eupen enclave, west of Aachen, only recently incorporated into Belgium under the terms of the Versailles settlement.
Two months later, ten kilometres to the east of Aachen, the tricolour flag of the Rhenish Republic appeared outside a house in the small town of Eschweiler. Inside, the movement set up a communications center on 19 October 1923. A week after that, the separatists attempted a putsch against the Rathaus. Surrender was refused however: a truce briefly ensued. The next day, the government urged resistance and eventually, on 2 November 1923, Belgian occupation troops expelled the separatists from Eschweiler.
Meanwhile in Aachen itself, separatists led by Leo Deckers and Dr Guthardt captured the Aachen Rathaus (city hall) where, in the Imperial Chamber, they proclaimed the "Free and Independent Rhenish Republic" on 21 October 1923. The next day the separatists came up against counter demonstrators who surrounded and wrecked their Sekretariat in Friedrich-Wilhelm-Platz, near the theatre. 23 October opened with shooting in the streets: meanwhile the city fire brigade reclaimed the Rathaus, forcing the separatists to retreat to government buildings. That day Belgian troops imposed Martial Law.
On 25 October, the local police were placed under the command of the Belgian occupation forces after attempting to storm the separatists out of the government buildings, only to find themselves thwarted by occupation troops. Across town, changes at the Technical High School included the exclusion from Aachen of non-resident students.
On 2 November, the Rathaus was retaken by the separatists, now reinforced by around 1000 members of the "Rhineland protection force" ("der Rheinland-Schutztruppen"). Belgian High Commissar, Baron Rolin-Jaquemyns, responded by ordering an immediate end to the separatist government and called the troops off the streets. The City Council convened in the evening and swore loyalty to the German State ("").
Parallel coup attempts in many Rhenish towns blew up, most of them following much the same pattern. Local government representatives and officials were expelled from civic buildings which were taken over. The Rhenish tricolour was raised over the occupied Rathausen Notices were posted and leaflets distributed informing citizens of the change of régime. However, civic putsches did not prevail everywhere: in Jülich, Mönchengladbach, Bonn and Erkelenz, separatist attempts to take over public buildings were immediately thwarted, sometimes violently: other districts remained entirely untouched by separatist agitation.
To the north, in Duisburg, separarists inaugurated, on 22 October 1923 a mini-state that would endure for five weeks. Local members of the Rhenish Independence League took to the streets, proclaiming, disingenuously, that their new republic had come into being without any input from the French: attempts to suppress the Duisburg republic more rapidly were nonetheless blocked by the French occupation forces.
Back in Koblenz, the regional capital, separatists had tried to seize power on 21 October 1923. The next day saw hand to hand fighting involving the local police. During the night of 23 October, Koblenz Castle, which had been out of the limelight since 1914 when the Kaiser had briefly established his wartime headquarters there, was captured by separatists with French military support. The occupiers were temporarily evicted by local police the following day, only to renew their occupation that night.
On 26 October, the French High Commissioner, Paul Tirard, confirmed that the separatists were in possession of effective power ('). Subject to the self-evident superior authority of the occupiers, he stated that they needed to introduce all the necessary measures ("alle notwendigen Maßnahmen einleiten"). Separatist leaders Dorten and Josef Friedrich Matthes interpreted Tirard's intervention as an effective "carte blanche" from the occupation forces. A cabinet was formed and Matthes, as its chairman, designated "Prime Minister of the Rhenish Republic" (').
The new government's power was heavily dependent on finance and support from the French occupation force, as well as on the separatists' own Rhineland Protection Force, which was primarily recruited from men expelled from their homes by the French militarisation of the Ruhr. The "protection force" was poorly equipped: many members were too young to have received any military training. Their implementation of the new government's orders, in the absence of detailed instructions, was rough and ready at best, and sometimes violent. A night-time curfew was imposed and press freedom was greatly curbed. The separatist government received virtually no support from Rhineland government staff who mostly refused to acknowledge its authority or simply stayed away from their desks. In view of its French military backing, the wider population offered Dorten's régime little meaningful support.
From his occupation headquarters in Mainz, General Mangin would no doubt have had a far more richly calibrated appreciation of the possibilities presented by Rhenish separatism than the ministers in far away Paris: it is possible to infer, between the approach of the French commanders on the ground and priorities of the Poincaré government, a disparity which became impossible to overlook once Dorten launched his coup in Koblenz: at the same time Paris was coming under heavy political pressure internationally over the increasingly costly French occupation of the Ruhr. In Koblenz, cabinet meetings were often combative and confused, the leaders Dorten and Matthes proving unable to contain their personal rivalries. The French power-brokers now quickly distanced themselves from the Rhenish Republic project, drastically cutting back on their financial support. The Matthes government issued Rhenish bank notes and ordered an extensive "Requisitioning" exercise: this was the signal for the Rhineland Protection Force to embark upon a level of arbitrary widespread looting which greatly exceeded anything necessary simply for feeding the hungry "protection troops". In many towns and villages the situation slid towards chaos. The civil population became increasingly hostile, and the French military found themselves attempting, with increasing difficulty, to preserve some level of order.
Between 6 and 8 November, a force of Rhineland Protection Force members, calling themselves the Northern Flying Division (""), launched an attack on Maria Laach and the surrounding farmsteads. Nearby in Brohl where two residents, Anton Brühl and Hans Feinlinger, had set up a local force to oppose the attackers, a death squad turned up and engaged in an orgy of plunder reminiscent, according to one commentator, of the Thirty Years’ War. A father and son, belonging to the villagers' resistance force, were shot.
10 November saw an outburst of looting at Linz am Rhein: the Rathaus was taken over and the Bürgermeister was forced from office. From here the looters moved on to Unkel, Bruchhausen and Rheinbreitbach, on the southern rim of the Siebengebirge district. All sorts of items of evident value were "requisitioned" in addition to food and vehicles.
On 12 November, the separatists gathered together close by in Bad Honnef, there intending to establish a new headquarters. The Rathaus was taken over and, two days later, the Rhenish Republic proclaimed. Food and liquor were seized in numerous hotels and residences and a large celebration took place in the "Kurhaus" (Health and Recreation Spa center), during which the Kurhaus furnishings went up in flames.
Siebengebirge insurrection.
The Siebengebirge district consists of a series of low wooded hills wedged between the A3 Autobahn and Königswinter, a resort town on the east bank of the Rhine. Back in 1923, the construction of the A3 lay more than a decade in the future, and Bonn, located across the river from Königswinter, could still be described without irony as "a small town in Germany". It was the turn of the village called Aegidienberg to claim a place in history. On the evening of 14 November, a large number of the residents from the various small towns and villages surrounding Bad Honnef met together in an Aegidienberg guest house and resolved to resist openly the wave of looting which, they anticipated, was moving towards the southern side of the Siebengebirge area. The district was experiencing growing food shortages. Despite the weapons ban in force, the group were able to bring together a substantial arsenal, comprising not merely axes, sticks and pitchforks, but also a number of hunting weapons and handguns and other infantry weapons, presumably left over from the war. A mining engineer and former army officer named Hermann Schneider took on leadership of this "ad hoc" militia.
It was thought that Schneider's Aegidienberg-based force now comprised about 4000 armed men. Using factory sirens and alarm bells, the local troop would be mobilised the minute separatist forces were reported or even merely rumoured to have appeared. Panic was apparent as people rushed around trying to move to safety their cattle and other chattels.
During the afternoon of 15 November, a group of separatists drove two trucks into the Himberg quarter of Aegidienberg: here they were confronted by around 30 armed quarry workers. Peter Staffel, an 18-year-old blacksmith, was shot dead when he forced the trucks to stop and tried to persuade the occupants to turn back. The quarry workers thereupon showered bullets on the separatists who turned and fled along the little Schmelz valley As they fled down the twisting road, back towards Bad Honnef they encountered the local militia, well dug in and waiting for them: Schneider's men seized the trucks and then routed the separatist gang.
That evening the repulsed separatists met up at the Gasthof Jagdhaus, down the Schmelz valley, and called up reinforcements. They planned a more substantial attack for the next day, in order to make an example of Aegidienberg. Accordingly, on 16 November, some 80 armed separatists found a gap in Schneider's defences at a hamlet called Hövel: here they seized five villagers as hostages, tied them up, and placed them in the line of fire between themselves and the now-gathering militiamen. One of the hostages, Theodor Weinz, was shot in the stomach, dying soon afterwards as a result of his injuries.
Meanwhile, more local defenders hurried to the fray and set about the invaders. 14 of the separatists were killed: these were later buried in a mass grave back in Aegidienberg, without the benefit of any identifying inscription. According to contemporaries the dead men had come originally from the Kevelaer and Krefeld areas, between the Ruhr and the Dutch border.
In order to prevent further fighting, the French installed in Aegidienberg a force of French-Moroccan soldiers for the next few weeks, while military police arrived to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. The investigation concluded that in total around 120 people had been killed in connection with the events of those November days. More precise information on the deaths and other events of the Aegidienberg "insurrection" may survive within the archives of the French "gendarmes". Theodor Weinz, the separatists' hostage who had been fatally shot at Hövel, is buried in the Aegidienberg cemetery, near to its main entrance: the primary school has been named after him. Peter Staffel, the young man who had probably been the first fatality of the Siebengebirge insurrection, is buried in the cemetery at the nearby village of Eudenbach (now incorporated within the administrative ambit of Königswinter).
End of the Rhenish Republic.
Following the events in Aegidienberg, the separatist cabinet based at the castle in Koblenz split into two camps. Across the province separatist governments were evicted from the Rathausen and in some instances arrested by the French military. Leo Deckers resigned his office on 27 November. On November 28, 1923 Matthes announced that he had dissolved the separatist government. Dorten had already, on 15 November, moved to Bad Ems and there established a provisional government covering the southern part of the Rhineland and the Palatinate and participated actively in the activities of the "Pfälzische Republik" movement, centred on Speyer, which would survived through till 1924. At the end of 1923, Dorten fled to Nice: later he relocated to the USA, where he published his memoirs; Dorten was still in exile when he died in 1963.
Joseph Matthes also made his way to France where he later met up with fellow journalist Kurt Tucholsky. Despite the amnesty set out in the London Agreement of August 1924, Matthes and his wife were prevented from returning to Germany, leading Tuckolsky to publish in 1929 his essay entitled "For Joseph Matthes", from which are drawn his observations on conditions in the Rhineland in 1923, cited above.
In the towns, the remaining separatist Burgermeister found themselves voted out of office at the end of 1923 or were, for their activities, before the courts.
Konrad Adenauer, who during the period of the "Koblenz Government" had constantly been at odds with Dorten, presented to the French generals another proposal, for the creation of a west German autonomous federal state (""). Adenauer’s proposal failed to impress either the French or the German government at this time, however.

</doc>
<doc id="9728137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728137" title="Adzhigardak">
Adzhigardak

Adzhigardak is the name of a mountain in south Urals near Asha (town) on the border of Chelyabinsk oblast and Bashkiria, Russia, and of a ski resort based on it.

</doc>
<doc id="9728158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728158" title="Qazim Koculi">
Qazim Koculi

Qazim Koculi (August 22, 1887 – January 2, 1943) was an Albanian politician of the early 20th century and one-day acting Prime Minister of Albania. He was also a distinguished military leader, having won the Vlora War in 1920, as the principal military commander of the Albanian forces.
Early life.
Qazim, son of Muhamet Kociu, was born Qazim Muhameti in 1887, in the village of Koculi, close to Vlorë (in the then Ottoman Empire, now modern Albania). Koculi received his primary education in Vlorë and later moved to Ioannina, today's Greece to attend the well-known Zosimea Gymnasium. He accomplished his higher education at the Kara Harp Okulu Turkish Military Academy, graduating as a "Teğmen" (Second Lieutenant). He was appointed to the Ottoman Navy as a "Üsteğmen" (First Lieutenant).
He disobeyed a military order in 1909 during a naval battle in Preveza by refusing to surrender to the Italian Navy. After a warrant for his arrest was issued by the Imperial Command, Koculi fled to Argentina, where he resided until 1912.
He then returned to Vlorë upon the invitation of President Ismail Qemali. The latter appointed him Director of the Port of Vlorë, a position he held until the takeover of the port by the Italians in October 1914. He withdrew to Brataj, Vlorë and served as a village chief until 1917. He later served as vice prefect of Tepelenë until 1919.
Vlora War and politics.
Koculi represented Vlorë in the Congress of Lushnjë, a constituent assembly held in January 1920, and was hence appointed member of parliament. He was also Prefect of Vlorë on May 29, 1920. At the same time he was appointed commander-in-chief of the Vlora War Committee. Koculi led his army to victory over the Italian forces in the Battle of Vlora, at the end of which, on September 3, 1920, he marched into the city and took back the duties of the Vlorë prefecture.
Upon the establishment of a democratic government by the Congress of Lushnjë, the first elections for the national legislature were held on April 5, 1921, Koculi won the Vlorë district.
Koculi was Minister of Public Works in the Government of Fan Noli by pursuing a policy of opposition to King Zogu. He later (1943) became a member of the Albanian Fascist Party and became an instrument of the oppressors
Koculi was murdered by the communist Albanian guerrillas while he was trying to negotiate on behalf of the Fascist Party that peace between the Fascist regime and the communist guerrillas was possible.

</doc>
<doc id="9728172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728172" title="Whitehorse City Council">
Whitehorse City Council

The Whitehorse City Council is the governing body of the city of Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada. The council consists of a mayor plus six councilors elected at large. The current mayor of Whitehorse is Dan Curtis, since 2012.
Governance of the city was temporarily transferred to a taxpayer advisory committee led by Joseph Oliver for part of 1973, after five of the city's six councillors resigned on July 9, 1973 in protest against a jurisdictional dispute with the Yukon Territorial Council, leaving the council without a quorum to conduct city business. A by-election was held on September 20, 1973 to elect a new council.

</doc>
<doc id="9728189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728189" title="1909 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1909 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1909 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the ninth edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. For the second straight year, only the British Isles and the United States would challenge Australasia for the Cup. After defeating the British in Philadelphia, the US traveled to Sydney, only to be defeated once again by the Australasian team. The final was played at the Double Bay Grounds on 27–30 November.

</doc>
<doc id="9728195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728195" title="San Mar Gale, Ohio">
San Mar Gale, Ohio

San Mar Gale is an unincorporated community and was a planned development by the Hines-Griffin Land Development Company in the Turtlecreek and Wayne Townships of Warren County, Ohio, United States. This 2500+ home planned unit development (PUD) was approved by the Warren County Commissioners in February 2006. Zoning approval included a central business district and multi-family housing near the center. A public referendum challenging the approval was placed on the ballot in November 2006, and the Commissioners approval was ratified by voters. Construction was to have begun in 2007, however the development was cancelled as of February 2011.
The development was to take place on a group of farms formerly owned by Ralph J. Stolle, a prominent inventor, businessman and philanthropist in Warren County. The name "San Mar Gale" came from the name of his farm, and was derived from combination of the names of Stolle's daughters, Sandy, Mary Jo, and Gail. Until Stolle's death in 1996, the farm was used as a research farm for milk production. A private airport called San Mar Gale (airport code OH79) existed on the farm until the late 1990s but has since been closed.
San Mar Gale was to occupy a large portion of the area between Lebanon and Oregonia. Its approximate boundaries were Wilmington Road to the south; North Nixon Camp Road, Emmons Road, and the Little Miami River to the east; the Wayne Township line with a small portion crossing into that township, and Shoemaker Road to the north; and Liberty-Keuter Road to the east. The planned business district was centered on the intersection of Oregonia, Emmons, and Waynesville Roads.
The planned community would have been in the Lebanon City School District. The eastern half would have been served by the Oregonia (45054) post office, and the western half served by the Lebanon (45036) post office. Telephone service would be in the Lebanon telephone exchange served by Embarq, public water was to be provided by Western Water Company, and sewer was to be constructed on site by the developers with plans for turning the operations over to Warren County or being operated as a private utility.
The community was to be partially financed by a little used program called "new community authority", which allowed cost of infrastructure to be added to the property taxes of the homeowners in the development.

</doc>
<doc id="9728196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728196" title="Day of the Hunters">
Day of the Hunters

"Day of the Hunters" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was published in the November 1950 issue of "Future Combined with Science Fiction Stories", edited by Robert W. Lowndes, and reprinted in the 1975 collection "Buy Jupiter and Other Stories". "Day of the Hunters" is based on "Big Game", a story written many years earlier that was unpublished and assumed to have been lost until discovered in the author's collected papers at Boston University.
Plot summary.
A group of technicians in a bar meet whom they assume to be a drunken down-and-out. It slowly emerges that he is an ex-university professor who has not only built a time machine but has traveled back to the Mesozoic era to see for himself what happened to cause the extinction of the dinosaurs. He becomes more belligerent as he is teased and pressed, eventually revealing that by the time of his arrival, all the large dinosaurs had already been killed by small intelligent lizards armed with guns, who were systematically wiping out their own kind until there were none left to kill.
Story notes.
As in many of his stories, the author was influenced by the then-current fear of nuclear war between the Soviet Union and the USA, which might have resulted in another extinction event.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9728199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728199" title="Carroll County School District">
Carroll County School District

The Carroll County School District is a public school district based in Carrollton, Mississippi (USA). The district's boundaries parallel that of Carroll County.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 982 students enrolled in the Carroll County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 70.98% African American, 28.41% White, and 0.61% Hispanic. 76.5% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9728200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728200" title="Blackall Airport">
Blackall Airport

Blackall Airport is an airport located west southwest of Blackall, Queensland, Australia .

</doc>
<doc id="9728217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728217" title="Blackwater Airport">
Blackwater Airport

Blackwater Airport is an airport in Blackwater, Queensland, Australia.
Airlines and destinations.
As of 16 August 2010, all commercial services to and from Blackwater ceased operations due to poor patronage. QantasLink was the only scheduled operator at the time with daily flights to Brisbane, with some services operating via Emerald. However, the airport would remain open to emergency medical users such as the Royal Flying Doctor Service.

</doc>
<doc id="9728239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728239" title="Boigu Island Airport">
Boigu Island Airport

Boigu Island Airport is an airport serving Boigu Island in Queensland, Australia. It was officially opened as the Charlie Gibuma Memorial Airstrip on 26 July 1981 by Hon. Ken Tomkins, then Queensland Minister for Aboriginal and Island Affairs. The airport is operated by the Torres Strait Islands Regional Council. 
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one runway designated 09/27 which is long.

</doc>
<doc id="9728264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728264" title="Boulia Airport">
Boulia Airport

Boulia Airport is an airport in Boulia, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9728280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728280" title="80 in the Shade">
80 in the Shade

80 In The Shade is the third recording released by The Cops. It was recorded by Magoo (Regurgitator, Midnight Oil) and the band’s singer/songwriter, Simon Carter. It was mixed by Paul McKercher (You Am I, Sarah Blasko) and mastered by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="9728283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728283" title="Cheerleading uniform">
Cheerleading uniform

Early styles/brief history.
This is the uniform outfit worn by cheerleading squads usually indicative of the mascot, school, and/or colors of the team and/or organization they are representing. Cheerleading uniforms in the early 1900s were a steadfast symbol of the schools they represented, usually depicting the first letter of a high school or the first letter plus the letters "H" and "S", standing for "high school." These letters were normally sewn onto a sweater-type garment, sometimes even polo shirts in warm weather. While showing school spirit and having a uniformed cheerleading team, these sweater-tops were often hot, bulky, and not very functional for any type of athletic movement. The most common type of sweater worn by cheerleaders in the early 1900s was a long cardigan with multiple buttons, normally worn over a turtle neck shirt or collared blouse. The school letters were often sewn in either corner of the sweater sometimes in the middle of a megaphone shape. Worn with the sweater was a very modest ankle-length wool skirt, often a darker color than the sweater. Some early cheerleading squads chose plaid fabrics for skirts, often these squads were from religious schools and universities, as plaid was the main fabric of their classroom uniforms.
Early cheerleading squads wore saddle shoes or flat canvas sneakers with high dress socks with their uniforms. This style of uniform continued through the 1950s and 1960s and is often depicted in movies and photos from that time period. One of the first companies to produce cheerleading uniforms was Cheerleader Supply Company, founded in 1948. The company was founded by Lawrence "Herkie" Herkimer, of Dallas, TX and a former cheerleader at Southern Methodist University, who began selling pom pom kits to local high schools. Herkie was also the first to organize cheerleading camps and competitions.
Modern styles of cheerleading uniforms.
As the focus of cheerleading shifted from an auxiliary unit, to an athletic pursuits, changes in the uniforms' material, style and fit were necessary.
1960s uniforms.
As fashion styles changed through the 1960s so did the cheerleading uniform. Gone were the overly long wool skirts, as pleated shorter skirts became more popular. The long skirt was essentially chopped in half as knee length cotton fabric skirts made for easier movement and a more comfortable experience for the wearer as compared to their wool counterparts. The sweater top changed dramatically, squads elected to wear short sleeve crew neck sweaters in favor of long cardigans, however the school letters and megaphone emblem remained, now being placed in the center of the stylish crew neck sweaters. Some squads in this time period, in particular high school squads, favored placing an additional embroidered emblem with the squad member's name on the center of the school letter patch. This was a symbol of high school popularity, as it was a huge privilege to be a cheerleader.
1970s uniforms.
Much changed in uniform fashion from the 1960s. Most squads now wore more athletic or tennis shoes.Cheerleaders wore sneakers as opposed to saddle shoes or Keds, and the uniform was made less bulky to allow for easier movement. Also more variety was available for sweaters, vests or shells and skirts. The sweater now featured a stripe pattern on the front, in alternating school colors. The letter patch became more elaborate as well, often more colorful and unique. Sweaters were also less bulky and had a more flattering fit. This new slimmed style allowed better movement and more of a functional fit, without sacrificing modesty or tradition. Sweaters were made to fit close to the body for a tighter fit, and the length was tapered very short to eliminate excess fabric overlapping the skirt. Often this caused the cheerleader's bare abdomen to be exposed during movement- by now most sweaters were worn without any shirt or collared blouse beneath them. Different styles were incorporated to give squads more of a choice. Round neck, and v-neck sweaters were popular with squads seeking greater functionality, as cheerleading was becoming more athletic instead of the standard vocal chant. The new sweater styles allowed squads to eliminate the extra collared blouse beneath the sweater, essentially just wearing the sweater over a brassiere. While these uniforms provided a functional style, some modest women in society viewed these outfits as scandalous and racy. The shorter skirts combined with the shorter and tighter sweaters were viewed by some as "improper."
1985-1995 uniforms.
Theses uniforms are similar to the current uniforms except slouch socks especially wigwam slouch socks were very popular to wear. Also Keds champion sneakers were worn by many cheerleaders. A typical school cheerleading uniform from 1985 doesn't look much different than a uniform today. The favored top in this period was a waist-length button down sleeveless vest, worn with or without a turtle-neck layer underneath. The vest top was a modest style, and was mostly un-revealing. Also seen as a uniform top was a turtleneck worn underneath a sweatshirt. The choice skirt remained a pleat model, but with added color striping around the bottom hem. The length style preferred was shortened to mid-thigh or slightly longer for most squads. The general rule at this time was the skirt had to be down the end of fingers when arm down at side. Bike shorts were worn underneath with some uniforms.
Current uniforms.
Most uniforms are currently made from a polyester blended fabric, usually containing spandex as well. The top without the sleeves are called shells, if they have sleeves it is called a liner. Most American school squads wear a sleeveless top with either a sports bra or an athletic tank top underneath. If the shell lacks sleeves, many teams wear a turtle neck bodysuit under it, although this is not required specifically. The bodysuits can be either leotard like or covering only to the bottom of the ribcage. Due to guidelines imposed by the National Federation of High Schools, high school squads must have a top that covers their midriff with arms by their sides, however if the arms are raised most uniforms will show a small section of midriff which isn't against NFSHSA rules. Most school sanctioned squads have modest looking uniform tops that are usually a waist-length fit, covering the whole frontal upper body except at the shoulders and arms when worn sleeveless. Likewise, the back construction of most school cheerleading tops cover the full upper body, however skin in the lower back area is mostly left un-covered if the cheerleader is sitting or bending, this does not violate NFSHSA uniform rules. These requirements do not apply to all star cheerleading organizations, therefore, many have tops that stop at or just below the bottom of the bra line. Another growing trend among all star teams is having sections of material missing (allowing bare skin to show) across the top for the chest, the shoulders, the top of the back, or portions of the arms. The length of skirts has shortened dramatically, with the average length for skirts at both high school and all star being 10 to 13  inches, and lengths are shrinking every year, however some coaches and various team sponsors encourage wearing shorter skirts due to safety reasons (too much fabric can be dangerous while tumbling.) Skirts are worn over top of colored or metallic spandex/polyester briefs, also called lollies or spankies. These briefs are worn over top of underpants and are sometimes printed with stars, dots, etc. The briefs can also sometimes have a team logo, such as a paw print, sewn on the side or across the behind.
Piercing/tattoo rules.
Due to the frequency of midriff exposure with most cheerleading tops, many school and all star coaches prohibit navel rings (belly rings) and other piercings while a cheerleader is at a competition. During competition most federations also enforce such bans. While there is no official ban on tattoos, school sanctioned squads typically require that tattoos that could be visible in uniform, be covered with a bandage or waterproof skin shade makeup. Due to the popularity of lower back tattoos this method is becoming increasingly commonplace.
Cheerleading uniform terminology.
Ribbons/bows: worn in the cheerleader's hair, which is often styled to match each other. The ribbons are usually the school's or the team's colors, and can be custom made or ordered through various companies.
Bodysuit/bodyliner: A leotard-like undergarment that matches the uniform colors and design, and is intended to be worn underneath the uniform shell. Normally these are long-sleeved tops that snap at the bottom but they can be customized to the length of the shell top, either in a waist-length design or a crop-top style. Most squads prefer to wear bodysuits during competition as it creates a uniformed look in arm movements. Waist length shells can be worn with several styles of bodyliners, in contrast to midriff shells which are limited to cropped stomach showing liners. Full coverage bodyliners worn under a waist length shell eliminates all midriff exposure during cheering. A cropped liner worn under a waist length shell will cover the arms but leaves the stomach uncovered allowing midriff skin to still show just as if the shell were to be worn alone.
Shell/vest: Made out of polyester and cotton, this is the main focal point of the uniform. This is the top of the outfit which includes the design of the uniform stripes, school/team colors, and the mascot or high school insignias or school letters. Example- "Willow High School" would be "WHS". The shell is normally sleeveless with a "V" neckline, however the neckline style can often be customized by the school or team during the uniform ordering process. The shell can either have a zipper closure in the back or side to aid in dressing, or it can have a stretchy material that allows the top to expand slightly when dressing. The shell is designed to fit somewhat snug but not tight on the wearer, it should fit close to the body. The shell can be worn alone over a bra or camisole, or it can be worn over-top a bodysuit of choice or a simple turtleneck. This is usually the up to each squads preference. A shell top is available in many lengths and even in somewhat intricate style cues.
Full shell- Usually sleeveless, and having a simple style design. It is normally waist length, ending at the top of the skirt. Typically worn alone with a bra underneath. This style top is worn by most American school squads as it is very modest and meets most dress codes, with midriff exposure limited to bare lower backs and an inch of frontal skin while the arms are raised. The sleeveless shell, if worn alone, will normally leave the arms and shoulders open. A properly fitted shell top is essential in making the uniform look flattering for everyone on the cheer squad. A shell that is properly sized and fitted will leave enough room around the arm openings for movement, eliminating fabric rubbing against the underarms. Additionally, if the shell is sized with the correct measurements, the bottom of the hem should be long enough to meet the top of the skirt while standing stationary. These tops can be highly customized from very ordinary to highly detailed designs. Certain cut-outs in sections of the garment are an option, as are varying hemlines for the bottom of the top. For instance, instead of a straight hem along the bottom of the top, some squads will choose a "cut-up V" hem, which leaves an upside down "V" notch open along the front, leaving slight midriff exposed at the belly button area. This style is selected to allow for an additional color stripe along the bottom hem of the shell.
Halter shell- Similar in style and length as a full fitting shell top, but differing in the upper part of the garment. This top is normally fully sleeveless more revealing of the upper back. The halter style normally includes a neck strap on the top that ties in the back.
Crop top/midriff- This style of top is mostly used by colleges and out-of-school squads (all-star squads). It is very revealing, and rarely worn by high school squads due to dress code violations. The top is typically worn sleeveless with only a bra underneath. The school's or team's logo is featured in the center of the top. The top ends right after the bra-line leaving the entire midriff of the cheerleader showing. The National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS) instituted a rule against cropped uniform tops at the high school level. Most cheerleading governing bodies outlaw this top from being worn by public schools in competition, however a few middle and high schools still choose to wear this style of top at their respective non-competing events, such as football games or parades. There has been much debate on whether it is right to have a teenage girl wearing a garment like this at a public school, as much of the body is revealed by this top.
Skirt- The bottom of a cheerleading uniform, with matching colors and logo/stripe design as the shell. Skirts can be very customizable with various styles of pleat designs, or no pleats at all, such as an "A-line" skirt. The general rule of length for skirts is mid-thigh and can be sized simply by using the "fingertip" rule. Modern skirts are offered in various rises as well. Traditionally the skirt should be worn at the natural waistline, at the navel area. The traditional skirt should be high enough to touch the bottom of the shell slightly. However some squads elect to wear low-rise skirts either with longer shells or with a normal length shell creating a midriff look.Bunndies must be worn under the skirt.
Kickpants/spankies- worn underneath the skirt as a classy piece of clothing shown while kicking or jumping instead of the cheerleaders panties.

</doc>
<doc id="9728304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728304" title="Bundaberg Airport">
Bundaberg Airport

Bundaberg Airport is a regional airport serving Bundaberg, a city in the Australian state of Queensland. It is located southwest of the city centre, on North Childers Road and Takalvan Street. The airport is owned and operated by the Bundaberg Regional Council. It is also known as Bundaberg Regional Airport.
The Bundaberg Regional Council conducted major works on the runway, terminal, carpark and navigation aids in 2009-10 in an attempt to attract services using A320/737 type aircraft.
History.
The airport was officially opened on 12 December 1931, by the Minister for Trade and Customs, the Hon. Frank Forde, M.H.R., as a civilian airport.
World War II.
With the outbreak of World War II, it was decided as part of the Empire Air Training Scheme to requisition Bundaberg Airport and develop it as a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Flying Training School.
Known as RAAF Station Bundaberg it was initially used in 1941 by No. 12 Elementary Flying Training School RAAF (12 EFTS), until 12 EFTS relocated to Lowood Aerodrome (located at Tarampa) on 12 January 1942. No. 8 Service Flying Training School RAAF then operated from the base.
Bundaberg War Graves.
Located within the Bundaberg General Cemetery, it contains the burial places of 46 soldiers and airmen of the Australian Forces and five airmen of the United States Army Air Corps.
Post war.
The Department of Civil Aviation took over Bundaberg Aerodrome on 31 July 1946. Bundaberg City Council took over the airport in June 1983. A new terminal was opened on 9 May 1986. A major extension to Bundaberg Airport was completed in March 2010, making the runway jet capable and also including an expanded Terminal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two runways: 14/32 with an asphalt surface measuring and 07/25 with a grassed grey silt clay surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
Virgin Australia.
On 26 February 2013, Virgin Australia announced it would start flights between Brisbane and Bundaberg on 4 May 2013. Virgin Australia's ATR-72 Turboprop aircraft will operate a daily return flight which has been timed to allow for convenient transfers to connecting flights out of Brisbane. Flights will depart Brisbane at 12.40pm arriving into Bundaberg at 1.40pm and depart Bundaberg at 2.10pm, arriving in Brisbane at 3.10pm.
On 3 February 2014, Virgin Australia announced the addition of four flights per week between Brisbane and Bundaberg, adding to its current daily flight. The new flights will depart Brisbane at 5.05pm on Sunday and Monday, arriving into Bundaberg at 6.05pm, and departing Bundaberg at 6.10am on Monday and Tuesday, arriving in Brisbane at 7.10am.
Statistics.
Bundaberg Airport was ranked 41st in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9728306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728306" title="Fleayi">
Fleayi

Fleayi is the Latinized spelling of David Fleay's surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9728318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728318" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Montego Bay">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Montego Bay

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Montego Bay is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church. Formerly a member of the Diocese of Kingston, it is now a suffragansee of the Metropolitan See of the Archdiocese of Kingston, located on the northwest part of the island of Jamaica. It was erected on September 14, 1967 by Pope Paul VI.
The diocese of Montego Bay is made up of five civic parishes: St. James in Montego Bay, Trewlany in Falmouth, St. Ann in St. Ann's Bay, Westmoreland in Savannah-la-Mar, and Hanover in Lucea.
Of the three Roman Catholic dioceses in Jamaica, the diocese of Montego Bay is the largest in land area spanning 1,500 sq. miles. The population of non-Catholics and Catholics totals 723,200. The number of Catholics is 13,200, approximately 2% of the population.
Ordinaries.
Pope Paul VI selected Edgerton Roland Clarke as the first bishop of Montego Bay. Clarke was born in 1929 and was ordained a bishop upon the inauguration of the diocese of Montego Bay. He served in Montego Bay from 1967 until his election as Archbishop of the archdiocese of Kingston in 1994.
Pope John Paul II elected Charles H. Dufour as the next bishop of the diocese, where he has been serving since 1996. Dufour was born in Kingston on April 15, 1940. He was ordained a priest in August 1970, and then went on to be appointed bishop and ordained bishop on Feb. 10, 1996 at the Blessed Sacrament Cathedral in Montego Bay. He was appointed Archbishop of Kingston on April 15, 2011.
Pope Francis appointed Burchell Alexander McPherson of the Archdiocese of Kingston the third Bishop of Montego Bay on April 11, 2013. He was ordained and installed at Blessed Sacrament Cathedral, Montego Bay on June 8, 2013.
Parishes.
Not every parish in the Montego Bay Diocese is able to have a full-time priest available. Many parishes rely on missionary priests to aid in the celebration of Mass and the sacraments. The list of parishes includes the name of the full-time pastor if available.

</doc>
<doc id="9728320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728320" title="Natchez-Adams School District">
Natchez-Adams School District

The Natchez-Adams School District is a public school district based in Natchez, Mississippi (USA). The district's boundaries parallel that of Adams County.
Schools.
Former North Natchez High School closed in 1989.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 4,305 students enrolled in the Natchez-Adams School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 88.97% African American, 10.45% White, 0.39% Hispanic, and 0.19% Asian. 87.0% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9728333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728333" title="John Watson (English artist)">
John Watson (English artist)

John Watson was born in the 1970s in Blackpool, England. He is one of the few remaining comic book artists who specialises in painting in oils, and has done a number of notable cover runs for both Marvel and DC comics, most recently painting all the covers for the Marvel Apes series and for the second year running, the Triple-A Baseball covers. He has also illustrated a number of trading cards.
Biography.
Watson studied Fine Art at the Cheltenham & Gloucester college. He notes Norman Rockwell as an influence alongside more conventional comicbook influences such as Alex Toth, Nick Cardy, Neal Adams and George Pérez. 
A comicbook fan since childhood, his official website says "When I was 12, I realised that being a millionaire, having a cave under the house and fighting crime wasn't going to happen, so I began to concentrate on 'drawing comics' instead."
Bibliography.
Comics.
His comic work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9728334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728334" title="Immensa Aeterni Dei">
Immensa Aeterni Dei

Immensa Aeterni Dei is an apostolic constitution in the form of a papal bull issued by Pope Sixtus V on 22 January 1588. The constitution reorganized the Roman Curia, establishing permanent congregations of cardinals to advise the pope on various subjects. The primary role of the document was to provide instruction in condemning or correcting literature which were against Catholic doctrine. The document also had the authority to give permission for selected individuals to read books which were forbidden. It has since been superseded, most recently by Pope John Paul II's constitution "Pastor Bonus".
The formation of congregations.
The immense "Immensa Aeterni Dei" called for the formation of 15 permanent congregations:

</doc>
<doc id="9728350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728350" title="Darwinian Pool Room">
Darwinian Pool Room

"Darwinian Pool Room" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1950 issue of "Galaxy Science Fiction", edited by Horace L Gold, and reprinted in the 1975 collection "Buy Jupiter and Other Stories". The story was inspired by lunch-time discussions between the author and his colleagues at Boston University.
Plot summary.
A group of scientists held a lunch-time discussion concerning the evolution and extinction of lifeforms on Earth, including the dinosaurs. One of them concludes that the present civilisation may be coming to an end, that no one can tell what or who comes next, and if it is a part of the divine purpose. Furthermore, he strongly hints that in creating both robots and nuclear weapons, humanity has created its own doom and successors.

</doc>
<doc id="9728352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728352" title="Marlen Haushofer">
Marlen Haushofer

Marlen Haushofer "née" Marie Helene Frauendorfer (11 April 1920 —21 March 1970) was an Austrian author, most famous for her novel "The Wall". Haushofer was born in Frauenstein in Upper Austria. She attended Catholic boarding school in Linz, and went on to study German literature in Vienna, as well as Graz. After her years in school, she settled in Steyr.
In 1941, she married Manfred Haushofer, a dentist, and had two sons, Christian and Manfred. In 1950, they divorced, only to remarry in 1958.
Earning literary awards as early as 1953, Haushofer went on to publish her first novel, "A Handful of Life" in 1955. In 1956, she won the Theodor-Körner Prize for early contributions and projects involving art and culture. In 1958, her novella "We Murder Stella" was published. 
"The Wall", considered her finest achievement, came out in 1963. The novel was composed four times over in longhand between 1960 and 1963, but had to wait until 1968, two years before Haushofer's death, to be printed. In a letter written to a friend in 1961, Marlen describes the difficulty with its composition: I am writing on my novel and everything is very cumbersome because I never have much time and, mainly, because I can not embarrass myself. I must continuously inquire whether what I say about animals and plants is actually correct. One can not be precise enough. I would be very happy, indeed, if I were able to write the novel only half as well as I am imagining it in my mind. She commented a year later in a letter to the same friend: I am extremely industrious. My novel is completed in its first draft. I have already completed one hundred pages of the rewrite. Altogether there will be 360 pages. Writing strains me a great deal and I suffer from headaches. But I hope that I will be finished by the beginning of May (I must allow at least four weeks for the typing)...And the household must keep on running also. All that is very difficult for me because I can only concentrate on one thing and forcing me to be versatile makes me extremely nervous. I have the feeling as if I were writing into the air. Her last novel, "The Attic", was published in 1969. Her overall addition to Austrian literature, as well as her last short-story collection, "Terrible Faithfulness", earned her a Grand Austrian State Prize for literature in 1968.
In 1970, she died of bone cancer at a clinic in Vienna. Her writing has influenced authors like Nobel Prize winner Elfriede Jelinek, who dedicated one of her "Princess Plays" to Haushofer.

</doc>
<doc id="9728360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728360" title="Broken Hill Airport">
Broken Hill Airport

Broken Hill Airport is an airport located southeast of Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia.
The airport currently is used as a base of operations for the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia South-Eastern section thus making it a very important hub for this service.
It is also used extensively by the mining industry.
Statistics.
Broken Hill Airport was ranked 51st in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2009-2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9728362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728362" title="Charity (practice)">
Charity (practice)

The practice of charity means the voluntary giving of help to those in need. Charity is humanitarian act of temporal principle.
Etymology.
The word ""charity"" entered the English language through the Old French word ""charité"" which was derived from the Latin ""caritas"".
Originally in Latin the word "caritas" meant preciousness, dearness, high price. From this, in Christian theology, "caritas" became the standard Latin translation for the Greek word "Αγάπη", meaning an unconditional love for others. This much wider concept is the meaning of the word charity in the Christian triplet "faith, hope and charity", as used by the Douay-Rheims and the King James Version of the Bible in their translation of St Paul's Letter to the Corinthians. However the English word more generally used for this concept, both before and since (and by the "King James" Bible at other passages), is the more direct "love". (See the article "Charity (virtue)")
St Paul's "agapē" was "not" primarily about good works and giving to the poor ("And though I feed the poor with all my goods, and though I give my body, that I be burned, and have not love "[agapē]", it profiteth me nothing" – 1 Cor 13:3, Geneva translation, 1560), although in English the word "charity" has steadily acquired this as its primary meaning, wherein it was first used in Old French at least since the year 1200 A.D..
While the methods of giving may vary (food, money, clothing, health care), there are three main kinds of charity: pure, public, and foreign. Pure charity is entirely gratuitous. Public charity is charity that benefits the whole rather than the individual. Foreign charity is when the beneficiary lives in a country different from where the funds or services are being sent from.
Practice.
Charitable giving is the act of giving money, goods or time to the unfortunate, either directly or by means of a charitable trust or other worthy cause. Charitable giving as a religious act or duty is referred to as almsgiving or alms. The name stems from the most obvious expression of the virtue of charity; giving the recipients of it the means they need to survive. The impoverished, particularly those widowed or orphaned, and the ailing or injured, are generally regarded as the proper recipients of charity. The people who cannot support themselves and lack outside means of support sometimes become 'beggars', directly soliciting aid from strangers encountered in public.
Some groups regard charity as being distributed towards other members from within their particular group. Although giving to those nearly connected to oneself is sometimes called charity — as in the saying "Charity begins at home" – normally charity denotes giving to those not related, with filial piety and like terms for supporting one's family and friends. Indeed, treating those related to the giver as if they were strangers in need of charity has led to the figure of speech "as cold as charity" – providing for one's relatives as if they were strangers, without affection.
Most forms of charity are concerned with providing basic necessities such as food, water, clothing, healthcare and shelter, but other actions may be performed as charity: visiting the imprisoned or the homebound, ransoming captives, educating orphans, even social movements. Donations to causes that benefit the unfortunate indirectly, such as donations to fund cancer research, are also charity.
With regards to religious aspects, the recipient of charity may offer to pray for the benefactor. In medieval Europe, it was customary to feast the poor at the funeral in return for their prayers for the deceased. Institutions may commemorate benefactors by displaying their names, up to naming buildings or even the institution itself after the benefactors. If the recipient makes material return of more than a token value, the transaction is normally not called charity.
In the past century, many charitable organizations have created a 'charitable model' in which donators give to conglomerates give to recipients. Examples of this include the Make a Wish Foundation (John Cena holds the title for most wishes granted by a single individual, with over 450 wishes) and the World Wildlife Fund. Today some charities have modernized, and allow people to donate online, through websites such as Xperedon or Just Giving. Originally charity entailed the benefactor directly giving the goods to the receiver. This practice was continued by some individuals, for example, 'CNN Hero' Sal Dimiceli, and service organizations, such as the Jaycees. With the rise of more social peer-to-peer processes, many charities are moving away from the charitable model and starting to adopt this more direct donator to recipient approach. Examples of this include Global Giving (direct funding of community development projects in developing countries), DonorsChoose (for US-based projects), PureCharity, Kiva (funding loans administered by microfinance organizations in developing countries) and Zidisha (funding individual microfinance borrowers directly).
Institutions evolved to carry out the labor of assisting the poor, and these institutions, called charities, provide the bulk of charitable giving today, in terms of monetary value. These include orphanages, food banks, religious institutes dedicated to care of the poor, hospitals, organizations that visit the homebound and imprisoned, and many others. Such institutions allow those whose time or inclination does not lend themselves to directly care for the poor to enable others to do so, both by providing money for the work and supporting them while they do the work. Institutions can also attempt to more effectively sort out the actually needy from those who fraudulently claim charity. Early Christians particularly recommended the care of the unfortunate to the charge of the local bishop.
There have been examinations of who gives more to charity. One study conducted in the United States found that as a percentage of income, charitable giving increased as income decreased. The poorest fifth of Americans, for example, gave away 4.3% of their income, while the wealthiest fifth gave away 2.1%. In absolute terms, this was an average of $453 on an average income of $10,531, compared to $3,326 on an income of $158,388.
Criticism.
Critics of charitable giving contend that simply transferring gifts or money to disadvantaged people has negative long-term effects. The online microlending organization Zidisha published a blog post which contended that providing handouts can actually cause harm by incentivizing lack of progress out of poverty, and by creating a dependence mentality among recipients. According to Zidisha, microfinance lending is a better alternative than donations, because it incentivizes successful investment of the funds and creates a can-do mentality on the part of recipients.
Tzedakah in Judaism.
In Judaism, "tzedakah" – a Hebrew term literally meaning righteousness but commonly used to signify "charity" – refers to the religious obligation to do what is right and just." Jews do not practice charity, and the concept is virtually nonexistent in Jewish tradition. Instead of charity, Jews give tzedakah, which means 'righteousness' and 'justice.' When the Jew contributes his money, time and resources to the needy, he is not being benevolent, generous or 'charitable.' The person is doing what is right as commanded within the Torah.
The Torah requires that 10% of a Jew's income be allotted to righteous deeds or causes, regardless if the receiving party is rich or poor.
Zakat in Islam.
In Islam this is called Zakat, and is one of the five pillars upon which the Muslim religion is based, 2.5% of one's saving is to be given as Zakat per Islamic calendar year.

</doc>
<doc id="9728366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728366" title="Electoral district of Cootamundra">
Electoral district of Cootamundra

Cootamundra is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales in the Cootamundra area. It elected one member between 1904 and 1920 and between 1927 and 1941. In 1920, it absorbed Burrangong and Yass and elected three members under proportional representation. In 1927, Young and Temora, were separated from it and Cootamundra reverted to being a single member electorate.
It was re-created in the 2013 redistribution of electoral boundaries, largely replacing the abolished district of Burrinjuck, and will be contested at the 2015 state election. 
Cootamundra is estimated to be a safe National seat with a margin of 30.3%. 

</doc>
<doc id="9728367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728367" title="Missa Sicca">
Missa Sicca

The Missa Sicca (Latin: "dry Mass") was a common form of devotion used in the medieval Roman Catholic Church for funerals or marriages which were served in the afternoon, when a real Mass (liturgy) could not be said. It consisted of all the Mass except the Offertory, Consecration and Communion (Durandus, "Rationale", IV, i, 23). 
The "missa nautica" and "missa venatoria", said at sea in rough weather and for hunters in a hurry, were kinds of dry Masses. 
In some monasteries each priest was obliged to say a dry Mass after the real (conventual) Mass. Cardinal Giovanni Bona ("Rerum liturg." libr. duo, I, xv) argues against the practice of saying dry Masses. Following the reform of Pope Pius V it gradually disappeared. 
See also.
, s.v. Missa Sicca Sec. D, ¶ 6.

</doc>
<doc id="9728375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728375" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in North America. The diocese comprises the entirety of the dependency of Bermuda. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Nassau, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The diocese of Hamilton was erected in 1953 as the Prefecture Apostolic of Bermuda Islands. It was elevated to an apostolic vicariate in January 1956 and to the Diocese of Hamilton in Bermuda in June 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9728388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728388" title="Thinset">
Thinset

Thinset (also called thinset mortar, thinset cement, dryset mortar, or drybond mortar) is an adhesive mortar made of cement, fine sand and a water retaining agent such as an alkyl derivative of cellulose. It is usually used to attach tile or stone to surfaces such as cement or concrete.

</doc>
<doc id="9728394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728394" title="Contemplation (Kafka)">
Contemplation (Kafka)

Betrachtung (published in English as Meditation or Contemplation) is a collection of eighteen short stories by Franz Kafka written between 1904 and 1912. It was Kafka's first published book, printed at the end of 1912 (with the publication year given as "1913") in the "Rowohlt Verlag" on an initiative by Kurt Wolff.
Eight of these stories were published before under the title "Betrachtungen" ("Contemplations") in the bimonthly "Hyperion". The collection "Description of a Struggle", published in 1958, includes some of the stories In English, in whole or in part. All the stories appear in "The Complete Stories of Franz Kafka" (1971) and were published in a single volume edition by Twisted Spoon Press, illustrated by Fedele Spadafora. They have also been translated by Malcolm Pasley and are available in the Penguin Books edition, "The Transformation and Other Stories" (1992).
The Stories.
"Children on a Country Road".
The original German title is "Kinder auf der Landstraße". Narrated by an unnamed little child, this short story follows her thoughts as she experiences childhood nighttime escapades. The plot begins with this little child on a swing watching passing carts of laborers returning from the fields. After dinner, she ventures into the woods and plays a game with other village children. The game is similar to king-of-the-hill, where the girls are pushed into deep ditches by boys. Later, she goes to the train-tracks and sings. “When you mix your voice with others you are caught like a fish on a hook.” The night ends with our narrator kissing a boy, and hearing from him rumors of the next village where the residents never sleep. This story has a tone of innocence, playfulness, and retrospection as the reader is transported into the mind of an eight or nine year-old girl. Images of big grown-ups, ever-deepening ditches, and youthful recklessness serve to further our impression of this child as an innocent adventurer. The fact that the narrator's name and gender is never specified allows the story to maintain a level of non-specificity. These themes can transcend time and place, so as to capture the thoughts of a child living in anytime or anyplace.
This story is from an unpublished second version of Description of a Struggle.
"Unmasking a Confidence Trickster".
The original German title is "Entlarvung eines Bauernfängers". The narrator, ostensibly a recent immigrant from the country, arrives at the doorway of a grand house, having been invited to a social engagement, accompanied by a man whose fellowship he has not solicited, and with whom the narrator is only slightly acquainted. Evidently reluctant to remain with the man any longer, the narrator prepares to enter the house, but is detained by the other, who stretches out his arm toward the house and smiles as a mood of silence overtakes them both. The narrator, snapping out of his funk, suddenly recognizes his companion for a confidence trickster who stands to take advantage of his relative naiveté, and is embarrassed that it has taken him so long to realize this fact. "Caught in the act!" says the narrator, who immediately excuses himself, and, with a sense of relief, enters the houses. It is left for the reader to judge the legitimacy of his accusation.
Two early drafts appear in Kafka's diaries of 1910. In 1912 he wrote that he completed "Confidence Trickster," saying of it "more or less satisfactory."
"The Sudden Walk".
The original German title is "Der plötzliche Spaziergang". This contemplation tells the story of a renaissance. It is a reawakening of the human mind; the man in the story is jerked into an awareness of his own potency that arises simply out of his being human. He has been lulled into a kind of vegetable state by routine and convention; he needs a meaningless piece of work or entertainment just to occupy his sleeping mind. As petty excuses run through his mind (it is cold, it is evening), a “fit of restlessness” raises him to his feet. What is it inside this man that slaps him awake from his customary lethargy? His mind has changed suddenly, and he has to redress himself before he goes out and “rediscovers himself down in the street.” At first, the man is especially aware of the power of his body: “your limbs responding with particular agility to the unexpected freedom you have procured for them.” Then he is overcome by the power of a decisive act: action has the ability to change. The man’s awareness of his being has given him independence, but it has not entirely isolated him. He has broken away from his family, who are headed for “the void”, but awareness of his ability to act allows him to seek companionship; perhaps in staying among his sleepy family members, the man was isolating himself from his friends. Perhaps friendship and love are only possible for an active person.
Appeared in Kafkas diaries in 1912.
"Resolutions".
The original German title is "Entschlüsse". "Resolutions" begins with the narrator planning to put on a false exterior and pretend to be something he is not. He must hide his “miserable mood” and act as though he is happy and social. He plans how he will behave towards A, B and C even though he knows it will all be false. He soon realizes that with just one slip in this act, he will ruin his social exterior and reveal to A, B and C his true feelings. He then decides it would be better to just erase all emotions and act neither happy nor depressed, but rather like an animal observing. It rises into question whether or not putting on an act is really worth it. Do we really need to pretend to be happy or social when all we truly want to do is sulk in a chair? The narrator claims it is easier to just to “throttle down whatever ghostly life remains in you” and refrain from any sort of human actions.
From his diaries, 1911.
"Excursion into the Mountains".
The original German title is "Der Ausflug ins Gebirge". "Excursion into the Mountains" is a passage about an individual isolating himself from reality. The passage is written in the first person, allowing the reader to fully connect to the thoughts and emotions of the speaker. Kafka's works often depict a passive individual who wants to stray away from the realities of life; this passage is no different, “I cried without being heard, I do not know, if nobody comes, then nobody comes…a pack of nobodies would be rather fine”. The narrator illustrates self-imposed isolation through images of mountains, a group of “nobodies” linked together going through the mountains, and the vivid image of the “nobodies” happily scavenging through the mountains. This is ironic because the reader can depict these images in any way they want, but based on the descriptions by Kafka it seems to be that the speaker is alone and him going into the mountains with this group of “nobodies” is him isolating himself from society.
From "Description of a Struggle".
"Bachelor's Ill Luck".
The original German title is "Das Unglück des Junggesellen". Also called “The Fate of a Bachelor,” this story is written in the third person. The narrator is a married man with children. He is pondering what it would be like to be a bachelor when one grows old and how lonely one would feel. The narrator throws in images of “empty rooms” and the “strange children” the bachelor will never get to have. The theme in this story is loneliness.
"The Businessman".
The original German title is "Der Kaufmann" (The merchant). This short story is narrated through the perspective of a businessman. It is spoken in first person. In a world where he is experiencing a never-ending feeling of dissatisfaction, the “businessman” lives a mentally desolate life. He begins with describing the mental and physical stress that his work causes him such as aches, worry, anxiety, and fear. Although he is surrounded by other individuals and finds himself worrying about their problems, they are “strangers; their circumstances remain a mystery to me (p. 21). He imagines that these secretive individuals are having a far grander time than he is; “They have grown extravagant and are giving banquet in some restaurant garden, and others are stopping off at this party” (p. 21). When he gets off work, he is liberated from the stressful demands of his business. He goes further to describe his excitement and anticipation for this time that he has to do whatever he wishes. He turns this anticipation, however, to no purpose and he simply decides to walk home and suddenly the tone of the passage swings to slightly depressing and lonesome. His imagination wanders and he paints a vivid picture in the reader’s mind of an out of body experience that occurs when he gets to the elevator in his apartment building. He describes a man being robbed and then walking “sorrowfully” down a street alone; one can make an analogy that the “businessman” is being robbed of his soul and is being taken advantage of by his ceaseless work. The “businessman” feels he is in battle with his own personal needs of happiness and the “incessant demands of my [his business” (p. 21). At the end of the story, although it is obvious that he has gained wealth from his business, he is lonely and unsatisfied.
"Absent-minded Window-gazing".
The original German title is "Zerstreutes Hinausschaun". The story is also known as "A Stray Glance From The Window". Early in the story, the sky was blue, then the speaker observes a little girl, strolling along with the light on her face, when she suddenly falls into the shadow of a man, briskly approaching her. Then the man passes her and "by then the face of the child is quite bright."
"The Way Home".
The original German title is "Der Nachhauseweg". This story is told in first person by an unknown narrator as he walks home along a street after a thunderstorm. The power of the newly calmed air brings him to reflect upon his power over everything that happens along the street. This reflection leads him to weigh his past against his future and he concludes that there is nothing to criticize in his life except for his unjust amount of good fortune.
Although the narrator can find no imperfections in his life, the tone is not boastful. Instead, the narrator is simply contemplating the importance of his life and his accomplishments. The tone even becomes slightly melancholy as the narrator fails to find meaning in his life despite all his good fortune. It is not until he reenters his house, that the narrator enters into a state of true internal mediation and evaluation. He tries to find some aspect of his life to reflect upon, but finds nothing of importance. He throws open the window, unlocking a gate to reveal the outside world, and music pours in. This breach in the shelter of his house allows real life to intrude upon his realm of contemplation, banishing any opportunity for true reflection.
"Passers-by".
The original German title is "Die Vorüberlaufenden". Also known as "The Men Passing By", the narrator contemplates the vision of a man running past him down the street during the night. This man is followed by another man, and the narrator lets them run by. The narrator imagines several scenarios between these two men running past him. These scenarios include the two playing a game, the first running away from the second, or the two teaming up to catch an unknown third person. Depending on the scenario the narrator feels that he would have different responsibilities. After these images pass through his mind he begins to think that the two could have nothing to do with each other, they could be sleepwalking or returning home to their families. He then meditates on the image of the first man being the one in trouble, him being armed. The imagery in this short story is very important because, as the narrator changes his idea of the relationship between the two men, the image of the two men shifts drastically. The tone changes drastically with the narrator's change of scenario because he sets or takes away blame from one of the men, or the other. The theme of “The Men Passing By” is that of guilt and perception. The narrator's level of guilt changes with each shift of scenario and perception because, depending on the scenario, he feels that he needs to decide whether or not to intervene.
Adaptations in Austrian Sign Language were done by the deaf actor Werner Mössler [http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x7almh_franz-kafka-people-passing-by_creation.
"On the Tram".
The original German title is "Der Fahrgast" (The passenger). "On the Tram" is a short story told in first-person perspective. It describes a man standing on a tram platform, contemplating the uncertainties of his place in the world. At one point, a woman approaches the tram and the narrator is struck by her vibrance. The story focuses on images of the uncertainty of existence and one's purpose in the world, and the tone is contemplative and existential. The man on the tram cannot even defend the fact that he is on the tram, holding onto the strap, and watching people move about in the streets. When he sees the woman, however, his perspective changes. The narrator sees the girl “as distinctly as if had run [his hands over her.” He goes on to describe the woman's physical attributes with incredible detail, from her clothing to her hair. He ends his contemplation by wondering, “How is it that she is not astonished at herself, that she keeps her lips closed and says nothing of that kind?” Although the narrator does not understand his own place in the world, he understands the woman's with strange clarity.
An adaptation in Austrian Sign Language was done by the deaf actor Horst Dittrich [http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xd55v0_kafka-on-the-tram-der-fahrgast_creation].
"Clothes".
The original German title is "Kleider" (Dresses). "Clothes" is constructed of three paragraphs with three significant points to sum up the entirety of the short story. It is told from the first person perspective of a very observant person, hypothesized to be a man observing women. Paragraph one essentially states that beautiful things exist but do not last forever. It questions women who wear beautiful things that will eventually lose value, asking, why should one indulge in something that will result in worthlessness? The second paragraph comments on how beauty should not be confined or committed to just one person, place or thing. And lastly, the third paragraph is somewhat connected to the second; familiarity is to worthlessness. Clothes are what capture the eye but if personality cannot carry its own weight, flaws will show and the worthlessness of the clothes will reflect on the worthlessness of the woman. Kafka uses symbolism such as the looking-glass to represent the mirror and the clothing, dresses, as a representation of the women.
From Description of a Struggle.
"The Rejection".
The original German title is "Die Abweisung". Told from the perspective of a man who is discussing what happens when he meets a pretty girl, "The Rejection" is structured as an imagined dialogue between this man and a hypothetical
'pretty girl'. The narrator says that she will go by without saying a word, but imagines that what she means is that she does not want anything to do with him. This is also imbued with a series of images relating to lovemaking, with mention of a limousine which 'carries you in long thrusts swaying through the street' and an 'escort of gentlemen, pressed into their suitings, following behind you in a strict semicircle and murmuring their blessings on your head.' The images also present of sexual desire, ranging from commenting on the girl's breasts to her thighs and hips. The taffeta dress she is wearing represents delight, though the story's tone is told with a sense of longing and a sense of frustration evident in the narrator's attempt at chasing women, with themes focusing on love, sexuality, and rejection.
"Reflections for Gentlemen-Jockeys".
The original German title is "Zum Nachdenken für Herrenreiter". The story is also known as "For the Consideration of Amateur Jockeys". Told from the perspective of a jockey, the narrator tells the reader about the dangers and consequences of being a jockey. The narrator uses images of envious opponents, successful and unsuccessful gambling friends, and women looking down upon the pride of the winners. The tone used in the story is that of a wiser, seasoned veteran warning amateurs and rookies of the consequences of their sport. The story focuses in depth on the unfortunate events that take place after a victory. The narrator goes on to tell of the envy of the losers and how their influences in the community will create distress for the victor. The narrator also goes on to describe the fortunes and misfortunes of friends, of those who gambled for one's victory and those who did not fearing the anger of their friend had he lost both his race and their bet. He also goes on to describe the women in the crowd, who disapprove of the victor, finding it ridiculous that the victor is so proud of his victory and of the handshaking and baby kissing that comes with it. The narrator ends his description with the unfortunate announcement of overcasting skies, foretelling rain. The story centers around the theme of the consequences and misfortunes that follow a victory, describing how winning does not always bring fortune.
"The Street Window".
The original German title is "Das Gassenfenster". "The Street Window" is a two sentence long passage written by Kafka. The Narrator of this passage omnisciently takes perspective of life through a window overlooking our character's street. The character is a man who lives a life of solitude, but occasionally wants to have human interaction, and by looking out the window and seeing the people on the street, he fulfills his desire to have human interaction. The connection he has to the outside world through his window is all that's required to draw him from his solitude. In the second sentence of the passage, the Narrator discusses the times when the man does not want to look out the window, but the desire (“the horses”) then overwhelms him and in looking out the window, he attains the happiness he desired. The imagery of “horses ... drag ... him into the train or their wagons ... towards the harmony of man” show the break of our solitude character's life being ripped through the window he will never cross.
"The Wish to Be An Indian".
The original German title is "Wunsch, Indianer zu werden". This story focuses primarily on the subject of social repression in English gentry society. The work is notable for early use of experimental writing techniques, though often considered incomprehensible by literary scholars.
"The Trees".
The original German title is "Die Bäume". Humanity is compared to tree trunks in the snow. It appears that with a gentle push we could move them, but we cannot because they are firmly attached to the ground. That too is only apparent. This work uses tree trunks in the snow as a comparison to human beings. They appear to be able to be moved with a gentle push, like humans appear to be able to be moved easily. The tree trunks apparently cannot be moved because they are firmly rooted to the ground, much like humans are rooted to their beliefs and morals and cannot be changed. However, even if trees don't move they are not so firmly rooted, since they eventually fall down —just as humans eventually died.
A comics adaptation of the story, illustrated by Peter Kuper, is included in "Give It Up!".
"Unhappiness".
The original German title is "Unglücklichsein". The story begins with a confused, chaotic scene inside the narrator's house. Kafka again uses the image of horses waiting outside of a house, as in his short story The Street Window. Suddenly, from a dark corridor within the narrator's own house, an apparition of a child appears. The narrator is not certain whether the child is real, or a ghost. The narrator engages in a dialog with the child. He learns the child already knows him. When the man is overly-formal in his interaction with the child, the child asks "I'm just a child; why stand on so much ceremony with me?" Ultimately, the conversation is aggravating and intense for the narrator. The child is gone, without having said goodbye, as soon as the narrator turns on a light in his house. The narrator concludes the child was indeed a ghost.
The child is part of the narrator's psyche trying to remind him of a natural and youthful childhood he once had, before he became alienated to the world, as a reference to the first story in Contemplation, Children on a Country Road. The narrator meets the boy with skepticism, indicating the narrator is not only alienated from the world, but now alienated from himself as well.
Later, the narrator engages in a subsequent dialog with a neighbor on the stairs of his apartment building. After the dialogs with the child apparition and the man on the stairs, the narrator's conclusion is that he feels "forlorn" and just wants to go to bed.
Early drafts appeared in Kafkas diaries in 1910 and 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="9728395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728395" title="Shunji Isaki">
Shunji Isaki

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
Isaki was a native of Fukuoka prefecture, and a graduate of the 42nd class of the Imperial Japanese Navy Academy in 1914. He was ranked 23rd in a class of 117 cadets.
As midshipman, Isaki served on the "Soya" and "Kashima". After his commissioning as sub-lieutenant on December 13, 1915, he was assigned to the "Chikuma" and "Hirado", but did not participate in any combat operations during World War I.
After the war, he returned to school to study the latest techniques in naval artillery and torpedo warfare, and subsequently served on the "Yamashiro", "Yakumo" and "Hiei". As a lieutenant specializing in torpedoes, he then served on the "Yubari" and "Sendai".
His first command was the destroyer "Nara" from November 1, 1926. Promoted to lieutenant commander a month later, he subsequently was captain of the "Kuri", "Ashi", "Asanagi", and "Yūnagi", and "Shikinami". After his promotion to captain in 1936, he was reassigned to command the Sendai in 1938, followed by the "Mogami", "Jintsu", and "Maya".
Isaki was promoted to rear admiral on November 1, 1942.
He commanded a destroyer squadron, DesRon2 from his flagship "Jintsu" during the Battle of Kolombangara against the Royal New Zealand Navy and the United States Navy on July 12, 1943. Although the battle was a victory for Japan, "Jintsu" was hit repeatedly by gunfire and torpedoes, destroying its bridge and killing Isaki.
Isaki was posthumously promoted to vice admiral.

</doc>
<doc id="9728398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728398" title="Roman Catholic Mission Sui Iuris of Turks and Caicos">
Roman Catholic Mission Sui Iuris of Turks and Caicos

The Roman Catholic Mission Sui Iuris of Turks and Caicos () is a mission "sui iuris" of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The mission encompasses the entirety of the British dependency of Turks and Caicos. The mission is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Nassau and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference. 
The mission of Turks and Caicos was erected from the Archdiocese of Nassau on 10 June 1984. It was initially attached to the Archdiocese of Nassau, with the Archbishop of Nassau serving as the supperior and staffed by priests from the Bahamas. However, in 1998, administration was transferred to the Archdiocese of Newark in the United States. The Archbishop of Newark is the superior of the mission. The archbishop appoints a vicar general and priests from Newark to serve in the parishes of the mission.

</doc>
<doc id="9728401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728401" title="List of titles and honours of King George VI">
List of titles and honours of King George VI

King George VI received numerous decorations and honorary appointments, both during and before his time as monarch of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth. Each is listed below; where two dates are shown, the first indicated the date of receiving the award or title, and the second indicates the date of its loss or renunciation.
Royal titles and styles.
Until 28 May 1898, George was styled "His Highness" by virtue of both his British and Saxon titles. After his elevation in Britain to "Royal Highness" that style masked his lower Saxon style. From his brother's ascension to the throne, on 20 January 1936, until his own accession, on 11 December 1936, Prince Albert held the style and title of "His Royal Highness The Prince Albert, Duke of York, Earl of Inverness and Baron Killarney".
George's official style and title in full was: "His Majesty George the Sixth, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas King, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" (in Latin: "George VI, Dei Gratia Magnae Britanniae, Hiberniae et terrarum transmarinarum quae in ditione sunt Britannica Rex, Fidei Defensor, Indiae Imperator". He held many other positions, but these did not form part of his formal title, e.g. "Sovereign of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, Sovereign of the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, Sovereign of the Most Illustrious Order of Saint Patrick, Sovereign of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Sovereign of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Sovereign of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, Sovereign of the Distinguished Service Order, Sovereign of the Imperial Service Order, Sovereign of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of India, Sovereign of the Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire, Sovereign of the Order of British India, Sovereign of the Indian Order of Merit, Sovereign of the Order of Burma, Sovereign of the Royal Order of Victoria and Albert, Sovereign of the Royal Family Order of King Edward VII, Sovereign of the Order of Merit, Sovereign of the Order of the Companions of Honour, Sovereign of the Royal Victorian Order, Sovereign of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem".
After India gained full legal independence from the United Kingdom in 1947, George's title was altered to suit the dissolution of his position as Emperor of India, becoming "George the Sixth, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas King, Defender of the Faith" (in Latin: "George VI, Dei Gratia Magnae Britanniae, Hiberniae et terrarum transmarinarum quae in ditione sunt Britannica Rex, Fidei Defensor"). For a period in May 1929, George was also entitled to be called "His Grace The Lord High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland".
Honorary military appointments.
Ceylon Defence Force

</doc>
<doc id="9728403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728403" title="Syrtis">
Syrtis

Syrtis (, either of two shallow sandy gulfs on the coast of Libya, proverbially dangerous to shipping) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9728405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728405" title="Virginia Ragsdale">
Virginia Ragsdale

Virginia Ragsdale (December 13, 1870 - June 4, 1945) was a teacher and a mathematician specializing in algebraic curves. She is most known as the creator of the Ragsdale conjecture.
Early life.
Ragsdale was born on a farm in Jamestown, North Carolina the third child of John Sinclair Ragsdale and Emily Jane Idol. John was an officer in the Civil War, a teacher in the Flint Hill School, and later a state legislator.
Virginia documented her early years in a paper titled "Our Early Home and Childhood", writing:
Study.
As a junior, Ragsdale entered Salem Academy, and graduated in 1887 as valedictorian with an extra diploma in piano. Ragsdale attended Guilford College in Greensboro, North Carolina, where she earned her B.S. in 1892. She was active in student life, establishing a Y.M.C.A. on campus, expanding collegiate athletics, and contributing to the formation the Guilford's Alumni Association.
Ragsdale was awarded the first scholarship from Bryn Mawr College for the top scholar Guilford College. She studied physics at Bryn Mawr College, obtaining an A.B. degree in 1896. She was elected European fellow for the class of 1896, but waited a year before traveling, working as an assistant demonstrator in physics and mathematics graduate student at Bryn Mawr.
Together with two of her colleagues (including Emilie Martin), she spent 1897-98 abroad at the University of Göttingen, attending lectures of Felix Klein and David Hilbert. After her return to the United States, she taught in Baltimore for three years until a second scholarship, by the Baltimore Association for the Promotion of University Education of Women, permitted her to return to Bryn Mawr college to complete her Ph.D. under the direction of Charlotte Scott.
Her dissertation, "On the Arrangement of the Real Branches of Plane Algebraic Curves," was published in 1906 by the American Journal of Mathematics. Her dissertation addressed the 16th of Hilbert's problems, for which Ragsdale formulated a conjecture that provided an upper bound on the number of topological circles of a certain type. Her result is called the Ragsdale conjecture; it was an open problem for 90 years until counterexamples were derived by Oleg Viro (1979) and Ilya Itenberg (1994).
Career.
After completing her degree, Ragsdale taught in New York City and Dr. Sach's School for Girls until 1905. She was head of the Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr from 1906–11, and a reader for Charlotte Scott from 1908-10. Ragsdale returned to North Carolina in 1911 to accept a mathematics position at Woman's College in Greensboro (now known as the University of North Carolina at Greensboro). She remained there for almost two decades and even was the department's head from 1926-1928. She encouraged the school to buy a telescope, and the math department to add statistics to the curriculum.
In 1928, she retired from teaching in order to care for her mother's health and help manage the family farm. After the death of her mother in 1934, she built a house at Guilford College, where she spent her last years gardening, working with furniture, working on family genealogy, holding book clubs, and visiting with students. Upon her death, she donated her house to Guilford College, where it housed the faculty, alumni, and visitors. In 1965 President of Guilford Grimsley Hobbs moved into Ragsdale's hous, and it has been the home of the college's president ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="9728408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728408" title="Cops (EP)">
Cops (EP)

This self-titled EP is the debut release by The Cops.

</doc>
<doc id="9728422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728422" title="1950 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">
1950 New York Film Critics Circle Awards

16th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 28, 1951<br/>(announced December 27, 1950)
All About Eve
The 16th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="9728432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728432" title="Krinsky">
Krinsky

Krinsky is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9728436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728436" title="Western International High School">
Western International High School

Western International High School is a secondary educational facility, located across from Clark Park, within southwest Detroit's Mexicantown. Western is operated by the Detroit Public Schools system.
WIHS holds no admission test; enrollment is open to all Detroiters of high school age. Western is the most culturally diverse public high school in Detroit; the student body is (approximate figures) 50% Hispanic/Latino, 30% African American, 10% Caucasian, and 10'% listed as "other".
It is the final remaining public high school in southwestern Detroit. Western serves Mexicantown, Boynton–Oakwood Heights, Delray, and Springwells Village.
History.
Western International previously had a rivalry with Southwestern High School. In 2012 Southwestern closed, and part of its boundary was reassigned to Western International.
Distinguished alumni.
Author and athlete Ken Doherty was a 1923 graduate of Western High School; Doherty went on to athletic fame as an All-American track and field performer at Detroit City College. During much of the 1920s, Doherty was the nation's best decathlon performer; he won a bronze medal in the decathlon at the 1928 Olympic Games in Amsterdam. Doherty's "Track and Field Omnibook" (1971) is the world's most widely read publication on the sport of track and field.
Screenwriter John Briley (class of 1943) is an American writer best known for screenplays of biopics. He won the Academy Award For Best Original Screenplay at the 1982 Oscars for Gandhi. As well as film scripts, he has written for television and theatre, and published several novels.
Swimmer John Dudeck (class of 1952) was a nationally renowned athlete; as a WHS senior, Dudeck competed at the 1952 US Olympic Trials.
King Cole is a former MLB player for the Chicago Cubs, Pittsburgh Pirates, and the New York Yankees
George Lerchen is a former MLB player for the Detroit Tigers and the Cincinnati Reds
Another 1963 Western graduate, George Saldana, was named to the 1963 National Interscholastic Swimming Coaches Association (NISCA) "All-America" team, in the 400-yard freestyle event.
Todd Cruz (1955–2008) was a 1973 Western graduate who played six seasons of Major League Baseball. In 1982, Cruz hit 16 home runs and drove in 57 runs for the Seattle Mariners. One year later, as a member of the Baltimore Orioles, Cruz took part in the 1983 World Series.
Ron Simpkins was a 1976 graduate of Western High School. Ron then enrolled at the University of Michigan to play football for coach Bo Schembechler. While attending Michigan, Simpkins earned NCAA All-America recognition; he also won the school's John Maulbetsch Award in 1977, and team MVP honors in 1979. Ron would eventually become the university's all-time leading tackler. Upon graduation, Simpkins entered the National Football League draft; he was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals in the 7th round (167th overall). Ron played in Super Bowl XVI at the Pontiac Silverdome, losing to Joe Montana and the San Francisco 49ers. Ron Simpkins would play in six NFL seasons before taking 1988 off; he returned for one more year in 1989 - with the Green Bay Packers. In the spring of 1990, Simpkins came home to coach football. During a career that spanned eighteen seasons, Ron was at the helm for the Cowboys of Western High School; he retired in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9728437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728437" title="Bormana">
Bormana

Bormana is a Celtic goddess, the female equivalent of the god Borvo (Bormanus). Bormana was often worshipped alongside of Bormanus as his consort. The pair of them were, for example. worshipped at Die (Drôme in the south of France. The goddess also occurred independently: thus at Saint-Vulbas (Ain), Bormana was worshipped on her own, there being no mention of Bormanus.
References.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997

</doc>
<doc id="9728444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728444" title="Lloyd Seibert">
Lloyd Seibert

Lloyd Martin Seibert (May 23, 1889–October 15, 1972) was a Medal of Honor recipient. He served in the United States Army during World War I. He rose to the rank of Chief Warrant Officer and is buried at San Francisco National Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Sergeant, U.S. Army, Company F, 364th Infantry, 91st Division. Place and date: Near Epinonville, France, September 26, 1918. Entered service at: Salinas, Calif. Birth: Caledonia, Mich. G.O. No.: 445, W.D., 1919.
Citation:
Suffering from illness, Sgt. Seibert remained with his platoon and led his men with the highest courage and leadership under heavy shell and machinegun fire. With 2 other soldiers he charged a machinegun emplacement in advance of their company, he himself killing one of the enemy with a shotgun and capturing 2 others. In this encounter he was wounded, but he nevertheless continued in action, and when a withdrawal was ordered he returned with the last unit, assisting a wounded comrade. Later in the evening he volunteered and carried in wounded until he fainted from exhaustion.

</doc>
<doc id="9728452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728452" title="Henry Street (Manhattan)">
Henry Street (Manhattan)

Henry Street is a street in the Lower East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan that runs one-way eastbound, except for a small two-way segment west of Pike Street. It spans from Oliver Street in the west (locally called "south" because it is towards downtown), passing underneath the Manhattan Bridge and on to Grand Street in the east ("north"). The street is named for Henry Rutgers, a hero of the American Revolutionary War and prominent philanthropist. Rutgers Street, which intersects with Henry Street, is also named for him.
The poor condition of immigrants living in squalid tenements on Henry Street and the surrounding neighborhood in the late 19th century prompted nurses Lillian Wald and Mary Maud Brewster to found the Henry Street Settlement in 1893. In recent times, Henry Street continues to be an immigrant neighborhood and has been absorbed into an expanding Chinatown. 
In recognition of Henry Street's multicultural history, the Henry Street School for International Studies opened in 2004 at 220 Henry Street. The Henry Street School lower school (grades 6–8) welcomes a diverse group of students from the Bronx, Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens. The school is one of the New York City Department of Education's small schools and is supported by the Asia Society and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. 
St. Augustine's Church at 290 Henry Street between Montgomery and Grand Streets was built in 1827–29 as the All Saints' Free Church, and was constructed out of Manhattan schist. The Georgian-Gothic design is credited to John Heath. It was designated a New York City landmark in 1966. At the northwest corner of (16–18) Rutgers Street, Henry Street fronts The Roman Catholic Church of St. Theresa, built 1841 for the First Presbyterian Church of New York (PCUSA).
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9728459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728459" title="Informal Jazz">
Informal Jazz

Informal Jazz is an album by jazz musician Elmo Hope, released in 1956 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7043. It has been reissued in 1969 as "Two Tenors" under the billing of Hope's sidemen for the session, John Coltrane and Hank Mobley.
Reception.
In his in-depth review for Allmusic, critic Eugene Chadbourne praises each musician's performance individually and by track and comments on the album as a whole: "If this particular session hasn't assumed the legend of a jazz classic, it's because, on the whole, some little spark seems to be missing. If this element could be defined easily, and put into words quickly and efficiently, then record producers and musicians would know exactly how to create the perfect jam session record. The people involved in this record know much more about such a science then the average musician and record producer. These are musicians very far down the road from being average, all of this underscoring the difficulty of creating a spontaneous recording session at which moments of improvisational genius are expected to pop up."

</doc>
<doc id="9728478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728478" title="Nami Kurokawa">
Nami Kurokawa


</doc>
<doc id="9728482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728482" title="Lively Aosta Valley">
Lively Aosta Valley

Lively Aosta Valley ("Vallée d'Aoste Vive", VdAV) was a social-liberal Italian political party active in the Aosta Valley. It was founded on 4 December 2005 by a left-wing split from the Valdostan Union and its leader was Roberto Louvin.
For the 2006 general election, the Lively Aosta Valley took part to the Autonomy Liberty Democracy (ALD) coalition, alongside with the Democrats of the Left, Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy, Valdostan Renewal, the Communist Refoundation Party, the Federation of the Greens and other minor parties.
In the 2008 regional election the party formed a joint list with Valdostan Renewal: the list won 12.5% of the vote and 5 regional deputies (out of 35), of which 2 of VdAV. ALD was however severely defeated by the regionalist coalition.
In February 2010 VdAV agreed to merge into a new party named Autonomy Liberty Participation Ecology (ALPE), along with Valdostan Renewal, Alternative Greens and other centre-left groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9728488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728488" title="Cory Kennedy">
Cory Kennedy

Cory Kennedy-Levin (born February 21, 1990) is an American model and Internet celebrity.
Biography.
Kennedy met photographer Mark Hunter (who goes by the alias "The Cobrasnake") at a Blood Brothers concert at the El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles, California in the summer of 2005. He took some photographs of her for his web site and they exchanged phone numbers. In January 2006 Kennedy began an internship at his office, to fulfill a requirement from her high school for graduation. Hunter's web site featured photos of celebrities at various parties, to which he began bringing Kennedy to. Consequently, Hunter and Kennedy began dating with the approval of her parents.
In December 2005, Hunter had posted photos of Kennedy with the title "JFK CORY KENNEDY", which began speculation that she was somehow related to the Kennedy family, which she is not. By April, Hunter claims that he had noticed that every time he posted photos of Kennedy on his site, the web traffic from fashion community sites would spike. Hunter quickly realized that Kennedy had the potential to be a star. That month, as the Kennedy-Levin family visited New York City on vacation, Kennedy and Hunter visited the offices of "Nylon" magazine, the editor-in-chief of which was a friend of Hunter's. The very next day she was in a photo shoot for an issue focused on music and MySpace, which hit news stands in June.
She was mentioned in a "New York Times" article about interns and "LA Weekly's" Caroline Ryder did a short article about her. Then in October, she appeared in a mock music video for Good Charlotte's "Keep Your Hands Off My Girl", directed by "Nylon"'s editor-in-chief Marvin Scott Jarrett. The entire clip is shot from a single camera at a fixed angle, and consists of Kennedy shaking salt and pepper to the beat while eating Indian food and listening to the song on a portable music player. The viral video became one of the most popular videos on the Web.
Her parents had known about her exposure online but had not realized the extent to which it had grown until the June issue of "Nylon" appeared. Because Kennedy had been previously treated for clinical depression, their primary concern had been her health and well-being. By September 2006, her celebrity life began to conflict with her home and school life. Worrying for her education, her parents had her placed in a boarding school, a "nonpublic therapeutic placement" with limited phone and computer use, although she is free to leave on weekends. Despite this, she has been featured in numerous ad campaigns, magazine covers, and an editorial in "Vogue". .
Personal.
Kennedy has a fraternal twin sister named Chris. She also has two younger sisters, Chandler and Cody, and a lizard named Raul Seixas.
She currently lives in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9728495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728495" title="Popcorn ceiling">
Popcorn ceiling

A popcorn ceiling, also known as cottage cheese ceiling or more accurately a Stucco ceiling, is a term for a spray-on or paint-on ceiling treatment used from the late 1950s into the 1980s in American residential construction. It was the standard for bedroom and residential hallway ceilings for its bright, white appearance, noise reduction qualities and ability to hide imperfections, while kitchen and living rooms ceilings would normally be finished in smoother skip-trowel or orange peel texture for their higher durability and ease of cleaning.
In early formulations it often contained white asbestos fibers. When asbestos was banned in ceiling treatments by the Clean Air Act of 1978 in the United States, popcorn ceilings fell out of favor in much of the country. However, in order to minimize economic hardship to suppliers and installers, existing inventories of asbestos-bearing texturing materials were exempt from the ban, so it is possible to find asbestos in popcorn ceilings that were applied through the 1980s. After the ban, popcorn ceiling materials were created using a paper-based or Styrofoam product to create the texture, rather than asbestos. Textured ceilings remain common in residential construction in the Upper Midwest of the United States.
Although the process is messy, popcorn texturing can be easily removed by spraying it with water to soften it, then scraping the material off with a large scraping trowel or putty knife. As the texturing may have been applied before the ban on asbestos, its removal should only be done by a licensed professional or after testing of a sample by a qualified laboratory has ruled out asbestos content.

</doc>
<doc id="9728496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728496" title="Mating Call">
Mating Call

Mating Call is an album by jazz musician Tadd Dameron issued in 1957 on Prestige Records, catalog 7070. It was recorded at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey. All tracks were composed by Tadd Dameron.

</doc>
<doc id="9728499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728499" title="Kaju Sugiura">
Kaju Sugiura

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
A native of Aichi Prefecture, Sugiura graduated from the 46th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1918. He was ranked 81st out of 124 cadets. He served his midshipman duty aboard the cruiser "Azuma", and after commissioned as an ensign he was assigned to the battleship "Fusō" and cruiser "Tone".
Sugiura returned to school, and became a torpedo and naval artillery expert. As a sub-lieutenant, he served on the "Mutsu" and the destroyer "Kuri", and as lieutenant, he was executive officer and chief navigator on the destroyer "Yūnagi". After graduation from the Naval War College (Japan) in 1930, he was promoted to lieutenant commander. He was his first command: the destroyer "Tade", on December 1, 1930. He subsequently captained the "Uzuki" in 1931. He held a number of staff positions through the 1930s, including that of instructor at a number of the naval ordnance schools and was commander of Destroyer Group 5 in 1939.
Sugiura was promoted to captain on November 15, 1940, and assigned command of Destroyer Group 17 shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Sugiura became commander of Destroyer Group 4 ("Hagikaze", flagship, "Arashi", "Shigure" and "Kawakaze") on February 20, 1943, and was thus in a central role in the Battle of Vella Gulf from August 6–7, 1943.
On the night of August 6, Sugiura's force carrying 950 troops and supplies for New Georgia was ambushed by US Task Group 31.2 (USS "Dunlap", USS "Craven", USS "Maury", USS "Lang", USS "Sterett", and USS "Stack"). All four Japanese destroyers were hit. "Hagikaze", "Arashi" and "Kawakaze" burst into flames and were quickly sunk by gunfire. The torpedo that hit "Shigure" was a dud, damaging the rudder only, and she escaped in the darkness. The many Japanese soldiers and sailors left floating in the water after their ships sank refused rescue by the American destroyers. Over 1,000 Japanese troops and sailors were lost. During the battle, Sugiura's flagship destroyer was sunk, but Sugiura survived.
Sugiura was later appointed captain of the cruiser "Haguro", He was killed on May 16, 1945 when his ship was sunk by Royal Navy warships during the Battle of the Malacca Strait off Penang, Malaysia. He was promoted to vice admiral posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="9728512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728512" title="Escalator school">
Escalator school

An (also and ) is a school consisting of a student body that can range from middle school (or lower) all the way to university level. Escalator schools are named such because students usually rise to the next grade without having to take standard entrance exams. While many Western private schools are this way, escalator schools are far more prevalent in Japan than in other countries.
Escalator schools are commonly found in anime and manga, as they are a quick and easy explanation for realistically having characters of very different ages in the same school-like setting.

</doc>
<doc id="9728519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728519" title="Burketown Airport">
Burketown Airport

Burketown Airport is an airport located southwest of Burketown, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9728521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728521" title="Promoting a Devil">
Promoting a Devil

"Promoting a Devil" (also translated as "The Imp and the Crust") is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1886. It is a cautionary tale against the dangers of alcohol.
Synopsis.
The story opens with a peasant preparing to plow a field. Having gone without breakfast, he is careful to hide his dinner, a small crust of bread, under his coat. After plowing the field the peasant is hungry and ready for his dinner, but when he picks up his coat he sees that the bread is gone. It had been taken by a little devil, who was convinced that the peasant would become wrathful. Instead, the peasant decided that whoever took his bread must have needed it more than him, and he went on his way.
The little devil is brought before the Chief Devil, who is not pleased that the peasant was not corrupted. He threatens to douse the little devil with holy water if he fails again, and the little devil is sent out for another attempt at corrupting the peasant.
The little devil takes the guise of a pilgrim, and in this guise he gives the peasant farming advice throughout the seasons. The peasant grows a great surplus, and he begins to live much better than he had. One season, the little devil convinced the peasant to distill his extra corn into vodka, and the peasant takes his advice. The little devil then brings the Chief Devil to see the result of his works.
The devils witness a party hosted by the peasant, where all of the guests and the host himself indulge in several glasses of vodka. They start of joking and jovial, but as they consume more vodka, the party goers become more abusive and irate. When they finally leave the party they are thoroughly drunk, falling over each other and landing in the mud.
The Chief Devil is astonished. He is convinced that the drink must have been made from the blood of beasts to make the men act so beastly. The little devil explains that it was simply vodka, and he just needed to convince the peasant to turn God's gift of corn into idle liquor. The little devil knew that all men have a savage side inside of them, and when the peasant had just enough food to survive, the savage beast inside him was kept silent. But as soon as the peasant accumulates a surplus, corruption sets in. Convinced that the corruption of the peasants is complete, the Chief Devil awards the little devil a promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="9728527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728527" title="Shinnosuke Tachibana">
Shinnosuke Tachibana


</doc>
<doc id="9728536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728536" title="Inchman">
Inchman

Inchman may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9728541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728541" title="Big Black Bugs Bleed Blue Blood">
Big Black Bugs Bleed Blue Blood

Big Black Bugs Bleed Blue Blood is an EP by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1989 by Rough Trade Records. Lookout! Records re-released the EP as a CD in 1997 with numerous bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9728552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728552" title="SHRED">
SHRED

Spam Harassment Reduction via Economic Disincentives (SHRED) is a proposed sender-at-risk E-mail stamp mechanism for reducing the E-mail spamming problem by indirectly increasing the cost of E-mail sending to the senders of unwanted E-mail. It aims to avoid the defects in earlier sender-at-risk mechanisms.
The main aim of SHRED is to provide economic incentives for legitimate ISPs to clean up the botnet problem within their networks, by making it cheaper to do so than to continue to pay excess postage charges for delivered spam messages, whilst not requiring SHRED to be mandated or universally adopted to be effective, or for SMTP to be re-engineered.
SHRED differs from other E-mail postage stamp systems in that SHRED stamps only represent a potential financial liability to the E-mail sender, rather than an unconditional cost, and only incur a replacement cost if cancelled by an E-mail recipient who considers an E-mail to be unwanted.
SHRED is thus effectively an electronic reputation system, where reputation—in the form of being able to affix stamps to E-mail—is lost through complaints, and has to be bought back with money, thus imposing a financial cost on the loss of reputation. The presence or absence of a stamp then can be used by E-mail receivers, together with other sources of information such as blacklists, whitelists, and content analysis, to make judgments as to whether E-mail should be relayed or delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="9728555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728555" title="Enyo Krastovchev">
Enyo Krastovchev

Enyo Krastovchev (; born 7 February 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Marek Dupnitsa.
Career.
Marek Dupnitsa.
Krastovchev was raised in Marek Dupnitsa's youth teams. He made your official debut in A PFG on 18-years old in 2002. Between 2003 and 2005 Krastovchev played in Bulgaria national under-21 football team. In July 2006 Enyo was training with Litex Lovech but then he decided to return in Dupnitsa. Between 2002 and 2008 the forward have 90 matches and 19 goals for Marek.
Levski Sofia.
He has been invited by Levski Sofia to join trial period. which began on 19 February 2008. He played for Levski for 46th in a friendly match against Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo on 20 February 2008. Then on 26 February 2008, he finally join PFC Levski Sofia.
He made his official debut for Levski on 2 March 2008 against Vihren Sandanski. On the same match he scored his first goal for Levski in 64th minute. The result of the match was 1:0 with a home win for Levski.
On 9 April 2007 Enyo played an awesome match against his ex-team Marek Dupnitsa. Enyo scored 4 goals – in 21st, 31st, 37th and 53rd minute. The result of the match was 0:4 with a guest win for Levski. Krastovchev played a full match and was the best player, scoring all goals of the match.
Enyo played awesome again at his first Eternal Derby against CSKA Sofia on 10 May 2008. The result of the match was 1:1 with a guest draw for Levski. Enyo scored the goal for Levski in the 44th minute.He was injured during a match for Levski in the beginning in the season 2008–2009 and will return either in late March or in the new season.
He became a Champion of Bulgaria in 2009, after a contradictory but great season under the coaching of Emil Velev. Despite the bad results during the autumnal part of the season, after great matches in the spring, Levski Sofia fulfilled the plan before the term had set and became a champion for 26 time, before the last round has been played. Unfortunately, for Enyo, he played only three matches during the season because an injure.
On 15 June 2009, it was announced that Enyo will continue his career at PFC Slavia Sofia. Anyway, the transfer did not became a fact, because Enyo wanted a higher salary.
All in all, for 2009/2010 season, Enyo started training with the second team of "the Blues". However, after scoring 2 goals in 1 match for the doubles, on 23 July 2009, Enyo returned the first team.
Krastovchev scored his first goal for Levski in 09/10 season on 8 August 2009 against Botev Plovdiv. The result of the match was 5:0 with a home win for Levski.
During 2009/2010 season, the Levski's team started their European campaign with 9:0 (on aggregate) in the second Qualifying round of Champions League against UE Sant Julià. On the next round, Levski Sofia faced FK Baku. The blues eliminated the team from Azerbaijan with 2:0 (on aggregate). In the play-off round Levski was eliminated by Debreceni VSC with 4:1 (on aggregate). However, Levski qualified for UEFA Europa League.
At the beginning same season, Levski had a serious problem with scoring goals, but Enyo helped Levski to dissolve it.
Due to Georgi Hristov's bad patch of form over a number of games, Krastovchev gradually managed to establish himself as the first choice forward for Levski Sofia, scoring a number of important goals like in the 3:2 away win against FC Sportist Svoge. On 25 November 2009, he was sent off in the 2:2 home draw with Litex Lovech for a second bookable offense.
In 2009/2010 season, after couple of bad games and results, Levski however achieved qualifying for UEFA Europa League becoming 3rd in the final ranking.
Playing style.
Enyo is not very fast, but he is also very creative. He plays awesomely with his head. Enyo can also play very well when he is not in front of the goal-line. Krastovchev plays with all his heart.
Club career statistics.
This statistic includes domestic league, domestic cup and European tournaments.
"Last update: 14 April 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="9728566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728566" title="Death Mask (Rome)">
Death Mask (Rome)

"Death Mask" is the seventh episode of the second season of the television series "Rome". It aired on March 4, 2007.
Plot summary.
Servilia mourns the death of Brutus, killed at Phillipi. She kneels in front of Atia's door chanting repeatedly for justice. Although Atia ignores her initially, the incessant chanting attracts a crowd of pleb onlookers and annoys Atia. After two days, Atia gets fed up with Servilia's obstinacy and throws open the door to let Servilia vent her anger and leave. However, Servilia calls upon the gods to curse Atia for the rest of her life, and then commits suicide, leaving Atia in shock.
The trio of Octavian, Antony, and Lepidus discuss the new ruling arrangements over Rome. They decide to divide the Empire into three administrative portions and share all revenue equally. When Posca, upset with Antony over the latter's refusal to share a portion of his bribe money, secretly informs Octavian that Antony is hoarding tribute, the triumvirate comes close to civil war again. Some last minute negotiations preserve its unity, and to strengthen the bond, Atia proposes a marriage between Antony and the House of the Julii -- thus also accomplishing her personal desire to wed Antony. However, Antony and Octavian privately agree that Octavian's sister, Octavia, and not Atia, will be wed to Antony, as it is a more acceptable symbol of the political union. A devastated Atia begins to wonder if Servilia's curse has come true, while Agrippa and Octavia exchange distraught glances at the extravagant wedding.
The Jewish Prince Herod visits Rome seeking an alliance. Levi regards him as traitor to the people of Judea and convinces Timon that they should kill him at Antony's wedding, even though they know they are certain to lose their own lives in the process. Timon swears an oath on the Torah, but changes his mind at the last minute. He argues that killing Herod will accomplish nothing, and he also has a family to think of. Levi calls him a coward and starts out alone. Timon wrestles him back, and in the ensuing struggle, accidentally stabs his brother dead.
Vorena the Elder is seduced by Memmio's man on his orders. Memmio catches them having sex and pretends to be angry with her, saying that he will have to tell Vorena's father and his business friend, Vorenus, about the relationship, which will probably result in severe punishment for Vorena. Vorena begs him to remain silent and he agrees on the condition that Vorena spy on her father and report his actions to Memmio. She agrees willingly, and lies when she is caught in the act by Vorenus.
Eirene complains to Pullo of the slave Gaia's constant abuse, laziness and threats towards her. An angry Pullo debates whether to wait for Mascius, away on business, to punish his woman but eventually decides to do it himself. As he confronts Gaia, she tries to seduce him to stop him from beating her in the middle of a violent argument, and Pullo ends up having sex with Gaia. A guilty Pullo promises that it will never happen again, but does not come clean to Eirene, who happily notes that Gaia's behavior has improved since the 'thrashing'. At the end of the episode, Gaia is seen purchasing some abortifacients, but her smile as the episode ends implies it is not meant for her.

</doc>
<doc id="9728567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728567" title="Brazilian tinamou">
Brazilian tinamou

The Brazilian tinamou ("Crypturellus strigulosus") is a type of tinamou found in lowland moist forest in subtropical and tropical regions of Amazonian South America.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Taxonomy.
The Brazilian tinamou is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Description.
The Brazilian tinamou is approximately in length. It has reddish-brown upper parts, rufous throat, grey breast, whitish belly, and brown legs. The female has a distinct black barring and is ochraceous on its upper parts.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the Brazilian tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The Brazilian tinamou lives in tropical or sub-tropical lowland moist forest up to . This species is native to northwestern Bolivia, southern Amazonian Brazil and eastern Peru.
Conservation.
The IUCN list this bird as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9728574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728574" title="Valdostan Renewal">
Valdostan Renewal

Valdostan Renewal () was a social-liberal Italian political party active in the Aosta Valley.
It was founded in 2006 by a split from the Valdostan Union (UV), led by former President of Region Carlo Perrin. Those dissidents wanted closer ties with the Italian centre-left parties of The Union.
In the 2006 general election, RV was affiliated to the Autonomy Liberty Democracy (ALD) coalition, composed of the Democrats of the Left, Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy, Forward Valley, Lively Aosta Valley, the Communist Refoundation Party, the Federation of the Greens and other minor parties. ALD elected Roberto Rolando Nicco of the Democrats of the Left to the Chamber of Deputies and Carlo Perrin to the Senate.
In the 2008 regional election RV formed a joint list with Lively Aosta Valley (VdAV): the list won 12.5% of the vote and 5 regional deputies (out of 35), of which 3 of RV. ALD was however severely defeated by the regionalist coalition.
In February 2010, RV agreed to merge into a new party named Autonomy Liberty Participation Ecology (ALPE), along with VdAV, the Alternative Greens and other centre-left groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9728578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728578" title="Sentarō Ōmori">
Sentarō Ōmori

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
Early life.
Ōmori was born in Kumamoto prefecture and graduated from the 41st class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1913. He was ranked 16th out of 118 cadets. He served his midshipman duty aboard the cruiser , battleships and , and was commissioned as an ensign in 1914. He subsequently served on the battleship and destroyer .
Ōmori returned to school, and became a torpedo expert. He served as lieutenant on the destroyers and and the battleship before being given his first command on 1 December 1923: the destroyer .
Through the 1920 and 1930s, Ōmori subsequently commanded the destroyers , and , seaplane tender "Kawakami Maru", and finally the battleship from 1939–1940, while steadily increasing in rank and returning at regular intervals to torpedo school to remain expert on the latest developments in torpedo technology and tactics. He was promoted to rear admiral on 15 November 1940.
World War II.
At the start of World War II, Ōmori was in command of Destroyer Squadron 1 (DesRon1), which accompanied the main strike force during the attack on Pearl Harbor. It also participated in the Indian Ocean Raid of early 1942. During the Battle of Midway, DesRon1 directed the occupation of Attu Island in the Battle of the Aleutian Islands. Omori was subsequently promoted to vice admiral, and given command of Cruiser Division 5 (CruDiv5). Assigned to the Solomon Islands, he was ordered to attack American transports off Bougainville Island in early November 1943. In the resultant Battle of Empress Augusta Bay of 1–2 November 1943, the Japanese forces (heavy cruisers and , light cruisers and , and destroyers , , , , , and ) suffered a decisive defeat. Ōmori and his heavy cruisers narrowly escaped damage in an air raid at Rabaul, New Britain the following day, and retreated to the main Japanese base at Truk, Caroline Islands. Ōmori was relieved of his command for having withdrawn at Empress Augusta Bay against an inferior force and was sent back to Japan. 
Ōmori became Commandant of the Torpedo School, and was promoted to vice admiral on 1 July 1944. He was director of the Special Attack Division from 13 September 1944–10 August 1945, supervising work with the "Kaiten" human-guided torpedoes. At the very end of World War II, he was appointed Commander in Chief of the IJN 7th Fleet.
Ōmori died on 24 December 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9728584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728584" title="1911 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1911 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1911 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the tenth edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. After no country decided to challenge Australasia in 1910, only the British Isles and the United States would challenge for the Cup, for the third straight edition. Also for the third straight edition, the Americans would beat the British to earn the right to play for the Cup, and for the third straight edition, the Aussies would beat the Americans for the title.
For the first time, however, teams were allowed to use substitute players in dead rubbers, with the United States playing Maurice McLoughlin in singles after Australasia had clinched the final. The final also marked the first time a tie was played in New Zealand, when it was played at Lancaster Park in Christchurch.
Rain delayed the beginning of the games scheduled for 29 December 1911, and the 1911 Davis Cup event was held between 1 and 3 January 1912. Australian Norman Brookes beat Beals Wright in the opening match. Rodney Heath increased the lead for Australasia by beating William Larned. Australasia retained the Davis Cup through a win in the doubles, with Brookes and Alfred Dunlop being successful over Wright and Maurice E. McLoughlin. The fourth match was defaulted by Wright, and Larned stepped aside to give the younger McLoughlin the opportunity to play Brookes. After leading 2 sets to 1, Brookes came back and won the match, and gave Australasia a clean 5–0 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="9728592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728592" title="Transportation in Dresden">
Transportation in Dresden

Dresden is major German city and capital of Saxony. It is a road, train and air transport hub in eastern Germany. Local and commuter transport services grant accessibility in the Dresden agglomeration. The city has a dense network of tram and bus lines. Dresden has two major train stations, an international airport and an inner harbour on the Elbe river waterway. Autobahns grant access to all cardinal directions. Dresden is the junction of two class-A European routes.
Dresden is also an international centre of traffic and transport science.
Road.
The Bundesautobahn 4 (European route E40) crosses Dresden in the northwest. Along the A4 motorway, Dresden has five exits. The A4 connects Dresden with Chemnitz and Frankfurt, and the A14 connects Leipzig and Hanover.
The Bundesautobahn 17 leaves the A4 at the three-junction interchange "Dresden-West" in a south-eastern direction. In Dresden it begins to cross the Ore Mountains towards Prague and provides three exits in the southern parts of Dresden. The Bundesautobahn 13 leaves from the three-point interchange "Dresden-Nord" and goes to Berlin. The A13 and the A17 are on the European route E55.
Bundesstraße roads crossing or running through Dresden are:
Railway.
There are two main inter-city transit hubs in the railway network in Dresden: Dresden Hauptbahnhof is the largest station in the city granting access to the network to the southern parts include the Altstadt. Dresden-Neustadt railway station is located to the north of the river Elbe. The most important railway lines run to Berlin, Prague, Leipzig and Chemnitz. A commuter train system (Dresden S-Bahn) operates on three lines alongside the long-distance routes. Other stations in Dresden include: Dresden-Friedrichstadt, Dresden Mitte, Dresden Airport and Dresden Industriegelände.
Airport.
Dresden Airport is the international airport of Dresden, located at the north-western outskirts of the town in the district of Klotzsche. Its infrastructure has been improved by new terminals and a motorway access route. The only runway of the airport was extended to 2,800 metre. Most of the scheduled flights are domestic flights for example to Munich International Airport, Frankfurt International Airport or Düsseldorf International Airport while there are also some daily international lines to Vienna International Airport, Zürich Airport and London Heathrow Airport.
The airport hosts the "EADS Elbe Flugzeugwerke" which is the EADS-centre of reverting Airbus passenger planes to freighter planes. The "Elbe Flugzeugwerke" are the largest plant of aircraft industry in eastern Germany.
Public local transport.
Dresden has a large tramway network that is operated by the Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe AG/DVB. The origins of the Dresden tramway can be traced back to the year 1872, when the first horse-drawn line opened between the city centre and the former village of Blasewitz, now a borough of Dresden.
The tramway system is the backbone of public transport in Dresden. DVB operate twelve routes on a 200 km network. On the major lines through the inner city, where different routes intertwine, vehicles run up to every two minutes. 
Different routes can be identified by a route number scheme, which also extends to local and regional bus services, as well as a colour code which has by now only been applied to the official network diagram of DVB. On all tramway routes, a general 10-minute headway is offered on weekdays, extending to 15 minutes on Saturday, Sunday and in the evening. The system boasts a daily 24h service. 
The fleet is being renewed to replace the ageing Czech Tatra trams. Today many of the low floor vehicles are up to 45 metres long and produced by Bombardier Transportation in Bautzen. The newest trams are vehicles of the Flexity Classic XXL series that are adjusted to the topography of Dresden. 
The Dresden tramway is a mixed system of traditional street running, especially in the inner city boroughs close to the city centre, and modern light rail. While many tracks in the system are on separated roadbeds (often with grass grown around them to avoid noise) some tracks are still placed on the streets in the midst of individual traffic. Contrary to many other German cities of comparable size, no tunnel sections exist.
In recent years, street running has been replaced by independent right-of-way arrangements wherever possible. Many stations are now fully accessible to physically disabled people, in compliance with the purchase of low floor rolling stock.
The CarGoTram is a tram that supplies Volkswagen's Transparent Factory, crossing the city. The two trams, up to 60 meters long, are the longest vehicles allowed to use roads in Dresden. The connection by tram was established to reduce the number of trucks used. The transparent factory is located not far from the city centre next to the city's largest park.
Transport science.
History.
Dresden has a long tradition in transport and traffic science dating back to the 19th century. Scientists of the city's colleges and technical institutes build up one of the world's most densest transport network by designing vessels such as the Saxonia locomotive, facilities such as the Göltzsch Viaduct and security devices. The early success in the rail network was named as a nationwide pattern by Friedrich List's work "Über ein sächsisches Eisenbahn-System als Grundlage eines allgemeinen deutschen Eisenbahn-Systems" ("A Saxon rail system as a basement of a general German rail system") in 1833.
A faculty of "traffic and circulation sciences" at the Technische Hochschule was founded in 1949 and transformed into the an independent University of Transport and Communications in 1952 ("Hochschule für Verkehrswesen"). The institute is part of the Technische Universität Dresden again since 1992, retransformed into the faculty of traffic and transport sciences. There is also the "Fraunhofer Institute for Transportation and Infrastructure Systems" close to the faculty's activities in research and development.
Until today the faculty is unique among German university faculties, although there are some universities offering akin courses (for example at the Technical University of Berlin at the faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Transport Systems). The faculty is closely interlocked to the faculties of mechanical engineering and economics as like as to the faculty of electrical engineering and information technology.

</doc>
<doc id="9728602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728602" title="Radio Salaam Shalom">
Radio Salaam Shalom

Radio Salaam Shalom was a Bristol-based online radio station staffed by a volunteer team mainly from the Jewish and Muslim communities of the city. It launched on 1 February 2007.
The project was seen as the UK's first Muslim-Jewish initiative of this type and emphasised the voice of the “moderate majority”. Its programmes gave people from both communities the chance to celebrate, debate and share the events, issues and faith that shape their daily lives. 
One of its most innovative features was an open invitation to its global listeners to submit their own podcasts from around the world for inclusion in its broadcasts.
A project of Salaam Shalom Ltd, a registered charity, the service relied entirely on donations and funding rather than advertising.
The project began in 2006 with technical support from Bristol Community FM and was granted start-up funding by the UK Home Office Faith Communities Capacity Building Fund, the Clore Duffield Foundation and the Community Development Foundation.
It celebrated its first year of broadcasting in February 2008 with the station's first intercultural musical evening, featuring Chai4two, the Sweet Easy Peelers, traditional Jewish Hazzan singing and the sharing of the Adhaan, the Muslim call to prayer, by an Imam.
Radio Salaam Shalom was selected as a media partner for the UK events of the 2008 European Year of Intercultural Dialogue and was also chosen as an example of Best Practice by the Equalities and Human Rights Commission. It was also selected as a project of special significance by the UK Government Office (South West).
It received coverage on many of the world's biggest broadcast networks, including NHK (Japan), RAI2 (Italy), BBC WORLD, BBCTV, CBC (Canada), CHANNEL 4 (UK), TRIPLE J (Australia), PRESS TV (Iran) and AL JAZEERA ENGLISH amongst others.
A new series of Jewish-Muslim podcasts was launched in September 2008 and made available for download via iTunes and the station's website.
Significant changes in the project's funding and management situation led to a quiet period from March to December 2010.
In 2011 Radio Salaam Shalom rebranded and reinvented itself as Salaam Shalom Media, with renewed aims, a new studio, new project managers and new projects.

</doc>
<doc id="9728610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728610" title="Bazaar (1982 film)">
Bazaar (1982 film)

Bazaar (; ) is a 1982 Indian film directed by Sagar Sarhadi and starring Naseeruddin Shah, Farooq Shaikh, Smita Patil and Supriya Pathak. The film set in Hyderabad, India, highlights the issue of bride buying in India, through the tragedy of a young girl being sold by needy parents to affluent expartraite Indians in the Gulf. 
The film has sterling performances from almost all the cast and is akin to some other movies in the 1980s which highlighted oppression by the rich and powerful. Bazaar ('marketplace') is a realistic portrayal and highlights a system which is difficult to change.
Sound track.
Nearly 10 years after the film's release, song "Karoge Yaad To Har Baat Yaad Aayegi" was used in the 1995 album Saadgi.

</doc>
<doc id="9728619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728619" title="Doi Lo District">
Doi Lo District

Doi Lo (; ) is a district ("amphoe") of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise) Chom Thong, Mae Wang, San Pa Tong of Chiang Mai Province, Pa Sang and Wiang Nong Long of Lamphun Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was established on April 1, 1995, when four "tambon" were split off from Chom Thong.
Following a decision of the Thai government on May 15, 2007, all of the 81 minor districts were to be upgraded to full districts. With the publishing in the Royal Gazette on August 24 the upgrade became official
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 54 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and 4 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9728631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728631" title="List of The Practice episodes">
List of The Practice episodes

The Practice is an American legal drama created by David E. Kelley centring on the partners and associates at a Boston law firm. The series was broadcast for eight seasons from 1997 to 2004, initially as a mid-season replacement. "The Practice" won many Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Drama Series in 1998 and 1999. As part of the fictional universe in which many shows produced by David E. Kelley are set "The Practice" had crossover story arcs with "Gideon's Crossing", "Boston Public", and "Ally McBeal" in addition to its own more jovial spin-off series "Boston Legal", which was broadcast from 2004 to 2008.
"The Practice" focused on the law firm of Robert Donnell and Associates (later becoming Donnell, Young, Dole, & Frutt, and ultimately Young, Frutt, & Berluti). Plots typically featured the firm's involvement in various high-profile criminal and civil cases that often mirrored current events at the time of the episodes' initial broadcast. Conflict between legal ethics and personal morality was a recurring theme.

</doc>
<doc id="9728639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728639" title="Carnarvon Airport (Western Australia)">
Carnarvon Airport (Western Australia)

Carnarvon Airport is an airport at Carnarvon, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9728654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728654" title="Roy Green (radio)">
Roy Green (radio)

Roy Green (born 1947) is a radio personality based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He was born in Switzerland but then moved to Montreal. as a young child.
Green arrived in Hamilton from his hometown of Montreal in 1973 and started his radio career there at a rock station CKGM as a teen. He has worked in Hamilton's CHML and Toronto's "Talk640", as well as hosting a regional Ontario network program. He retired from daily programs on March 30, 2007 but continues to host weekly shows, heard nationally, on Corus Radio weekends from 2-5pm ET.
He has reaped many honours in the industry and community including being named a finalist in the City of Hamilton's 'Distinguished Citizen of the Year' in 2003, being inducted into the City of Hamilton's Gallery of Distinction in 2008, and was a recipient three consecutive times of the Canadian Association of Broadcasters' 'Gold Ribbon' as 'Best in Canada'.
Green has also been working as a fill-in host on the Charles Adler program on CHML. He also plans to continue working for station owner Corus Radio on special projects. 

</doc>
<doc id="9728656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728656" title="The Great Wall of China (collection)">
The Great Wall of China (collection)

The Great Wall of China () is the first posthumous collection of short stories by Franz Kafka published in Germany in 1931. It was edited by Max Brod and Hans Joachim Schoeps and collected previously unpublished short stories, incomplete stories, fragments and aphorisms written by Kafka between 1917 and 1924. The first English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in 1933. The same translation was published in 1946 by Schocken Books.

</doc>
<doc id="9728660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728660" title="Ceduna Airport">
Ceduna Airport

Ceduna Airport is an airport in Ceduna, South Australia.
History.
The airport is a former Royal Australian Air Force operating base built in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="9728666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728666" title="National Sanctuary &quot;Sophia of Kiev&quot;">
National Sanctuary &quot;Sophia of Kiev&quot;

The National Sanctuary Complex "Sophia of Kiev" () is a state museum administration in Kiev and Sudak responsible for maintenance and preservation of some of its most precious historic sites.
History.
In 1934, by the order of the authorities of the Soviet Ukraine, the creation of the cultural preserve (sanctuary) at the site of the Saint Sophia Cathedral has likely saved one of the holiest sites in Eastern Europe from destruction during the Soviet-wide anti-religious campaign of the early 1930s. The preserve was established in place of the cathedral of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church that was dissolved in 1930. The museum's responsibilities were gradually expanded to other historic locations of Kiev.
In 1994, the sanctuary was accorded its current status of the National.

</doc>
<doc id="9728685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728685" title="Charleville Airport">
Charleville Airport

Charleville Airport is an airport located southwest Charleville, a town in the state of Queensland in Australia.
History.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces 63d Bombardment Squadron, assigned to the Fifth Air Force 43d Bombardment Group, flew B-17 Flying Fortresses from the airfield between 15 June-3 August 1942.
Other USAAF units assigned to Charleville were the 8th and 480th Service Squadron of the 45th Service Group.
Charleville was also the western terminus of the Air Transport Command Pacific Wing (later Division).
The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) had a unit at Charleville. No 15 Operational Base Unit provided support services for transiting aircraft, such as refuelling or minor maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="9728688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728688" title="Grey-legged tinamou">
Grey-legged tinamou

The grey-legged tinamou ("Crypturellus duidae") is a species of tinamou found in relatively dry, shrubby forests in the Amazon in South America.
Taxonomy.
The grey-legged tinamou is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Description.
The grey-legged tinamou is approximately in length. It is dark brown above with finely barred black on its lower back, it is rufous below, has tinged grey on its upper breast, the sides of its belly are banded buff, its head and neck are rufous, its throat white, and its legs are greyish. The female is darker on her lower back with narrow light buff barring.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the grey-legged tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
It is found in dry shrubland up to altitude. It may also be found in moist or drier lowland forest. This species is native to east central Colombia, southern Venezuela, and northwestern Brazil. It may also be found in far eastern Peru.
Conservation.
In 2012 the IUCN classifies this Tinamou as Near Threatened, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9728698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728698" title="Mae Wang District">
Mae Wang District

Mae Wang () is a district ("amphoe") in the central part of Chiang Mai Province in northern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Doi Lo, Chom Thong, Mae Chaem, Samoeng, Hang Dong and San Pa Tong of Chiang Mai Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was established on April 1, 1990, when the four "tambon" Ban Kat, Thung Pi, Thung Ruang Thong and Mae Win were split off from San Pa Tong district. On September 7, 1995 it was upgraded to a full district.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 62 villages ("muban"). Ban Kat is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Ban Kat and Don Pao. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9728700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728700" title="University of Sharjah">
University of Sharjah

The University of Sharjah (UOS or Sharjah University) is an Emirati private non-profit national university located in University City, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. It was established on 1997 by its founder, supreme president and chairman, the ruler of Sharjah HH Sheikh Dr. Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi to meet the emirate of Sharjah's aim of educational needs. The university goals constitute of becoming a leading academic institution in the Middle East and around the world. In addition to its main campus in Sharjah City, the university has built campus facilities to provide education and training programs directly to several communities throughout the emirate. Most significantly, the university plays an important role in the socioeconomic development of the emirate of Sharjah.
The main campus for the University is located on the southern edge of Sharjah in University City, which is in close proximity to the Sharjah International Airport. The University of Sharjah extends its services through five branches located in different geographic areas in the emirate of Sharjah such as Khor Fakkan, Kalba, Meleha, and Dibba Al-Hisn.
History.
The University of Sharjah was founded in 1997 by HH sheikh Dr. Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi, member of the supreme council of the United Arab Emirates and the ruler of Sharjah. The university was established as a result of shiekh Sultan vision of a distinctive institution in the emirate of Sharjah based upon Islamic architect and history and to meet the demand of the surrounding society in particularly the UAE and the gulf region.
The Kalba campus, which had 100 million AED for construction expenditure, was inaugurated on February 28, 2011 in the city of Kalba by the president. Of the 100 million AED, 90 million went towards academic, scientific and administrative buildings and 10 million was spent on the outside campus and the surrounding area.
As part of the Medical & Heatlh Sciences campus, the University Teaching Hospital and the University Teaching Dentistry Hospital were also inaugurated on June 11, 2011 by the president.
The Stock Market for Training virtual monitor was commenced on October 1, 2012. The monitor was set up by the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority. The virtual monitor was made in a similar fashion to the Dubai Financial Market and the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange virtual monitor's. The training stock market simulator was commenced on September 25, 2013 as part of a MoU between the university and ESCA.
On 24 March, 2012 the three-floored library on the woman's campus was opened. The library has been constructed on an area of more than 10,000 square meters and has the capacity to hold up to a million books. The inauguration of the library increased the total number of the university's libraries up to nine libraries.
Campus.
Student center.
There are two student centers around University city campus which are designed to house dean of student affairs office, student unions offices, offices for student clubs and societies, a fine arts room, a bookstore, branches for the Sharjah Cooperative Society and Sharjah Islamic Bank, and a number of small convenience commercial shops. Other services available in the student center include Emirates Post Office, Etisalat service, barbershops, and various restaurants and coffee shops.
Dormitory.
The University of Sharjah has two separate dormitories on University City campus which are under the supervision of the dormitory supervisors. The dormitory supervisors are required to prepare the annual plan for the dorms, draft reports with statistics, advertise and publish handouts, receive new students at the beginning of each semester, provide guidance to students, acquaint students with the dorm rules, regulations and other responsibilities, and are responsible to give their full attention to any students requiring medical attention. The Student Housing Department is responsible for organizing entertainment, sports events and weekly outings for all students living in the dorms.
The university offers students the choice from one, two and three-bedroom dorm rooms. Dorms are provided with clinics, study halls, computer labs, laundry facilities, garden areas, TV rooms, reception halls, and other areas for recreational activities.
Transportation.
Transportation in the university is provided by a private transportation company that provides buses for students around various destinations in the emirate of Sharjah and around the United Arab Emirates. Students living in the dorms are provided with free bus transportation to the Medical and Health Sciences campus and to Fine Arts and Design campus. There is also free transportation from Sharjah and Al Dhaid to the University and vice versa.
Academics.
The University of Sharjah offers the largest number of accredited programs in the United Arab Emirates. The university currently offers a total of 80 academic degree programs including 51 bachelor degrees, 15 master's degrees, four PhD degrees, one graduate and nine associate diploma degrees. The University is fully licensed and all its programs are accredited by the Commission for Academic Accreditation (CAA) of the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research in the United Arab Emirates.
The following programs: civil engineering, electrical and electronics engineering, and computer engineering offered by the College of Engineering are accredited by the American Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET). The organizing committee for the International Conference on Quality Assurance and Academic Accreditation, held in Portland, Oregon from 12–13 April 2013, requested permission from the University of Sharjah to present a report prepared by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) on the Industrial Engineering program offered by the College of Engineering at the University of Sharjah.
Additionally, the Sharjah Surgical Institute (SSI), which is located in the Medical and Health Sciences campus and offers training program for surgeons from the region, was established with the cooperation of international partners, including Johnson and Johnson and Olympus. The Clinical Training Center (CTC) is accredited as a medical training and testing center by the: Royal College of Surgeons of England, International Federation of Surgery and Obesity and Metabolic Disorders(IFSO), European Association for Endoscopic Surgery (EAES), American Heart Association, and the Ministry of Health in United Arab Emirates.
As of first quarter, 2012 accreditation is currently in progress for programs in the College of Business Administration by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).
Two new master degree programs and one PhD program: M.S. in Engineering Management; M.S. in Construction Engineering and Management; and PhD in Engineering Management and Innovation has been approved by the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research to be offered as of the fall semester 2013.
University rankings.
According to the Webometrics Ranking of World Universities the University of Sharjah is ranked 3rd in the United Arab Emirates, 39th on a continental level and 3046th worldwide in 2013. The university is also ranked by SCImago Institutions Rankings in 2013 as 4th in the United Arab Emirates, 149th regionally, and 2345th worldwide. The University Ranking By Academic Performance of the same year considered it to be 3rd in the country and 1753th worldwide. The University is also ranked fifth in the United Arab Emirates by 4 International Colleges & Universities search engine in 2013.
Student body.
As of spring semester, 2012 the university had an enrollment of 10,833 students: 10,144 undergraduate students and 689 academic degree-seeking graduate students. Of all students, 5,243 (48.3 percent) are Emirati nationals, 3,615 (33.3 percent) are other Arabs, 1,040 (9.6 percent) are GCC members, and 935 (8.63 percent) are international students.
Research.
The University of Sharjah research system consists of, in the field of medical research, the Sharjah Institute for Medical Research, the Sharjah Academy for Scientific Research, and the Clinical Training Center (CTC) as well as the Biotechnology Program in the College of Sciences.
Medical education was introduced at the University with the rationale that the main “raison d’être” for a university is education in a broad sense and is a main focal point in the curriculum of the college of medicine. Medical education research utilizes the concept of Evidence-based medicine and translates the research into best available evidence in medical education.
Two separate three-year studies conducted by the University of Sharjah, the Sharjah Medical Research Institute and the Sharjah Academy for Scientific Research have found 15 compounds that have the potential to fight cells that cause Alzheimer's and three compounds that could combat cells responsible for the progression of breast cancer. The results have been picked up by the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry, and the University has been approached by Inserm institute in Paris. Inserm has stated that it will provide the University with up to 3,000 cancer cell lines for testing. Both projects are now at the pre-clinical phase.
In 2013, three students in the college of engineering submitted a new development of smart waste containers that has formed a collaboration between University of Sharjah and Dubai Municipality.
Athletics.
The Sport Department regulates students participation in a variety of sports and other recreational activities in the University of Sharjah. The University is equipped with two separate sports centers designated one for males and the other for females, both of which are equipped with a swimming pool, sports hall, and gymnasium.
Some of the athletic activities organized by the Sport Department include swimming, volleyball, karate, shooting, aerobics, yoga, table tennis, chess, billiards, ground tennis, squash, football and basketball. The university awards students who excel in athletics grants and scholarships.

</doc>
<doc id="9728702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728702" title="Cloncurry Airport">
Cloncurry Airport

Cloncurry Airport is an airport in Cloncurry, Queensland, Australia.
History.
Cloncurry Airport has been the focal point for many of Australia’s greatest innovations. Cloncurry was involved with the beginnings of QANTAS, and the original QANTAS hangar is still in use at the aerodrome, where "Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Service" is still displayed above the hangar door.
The Royal Flying Doctor Service was founded there in 1928, now recognised the world over. The airport was also on route for early planes coming from overseas and a stopping place for contestants in the great air races of 1919 and 1934.
World War II.
Due to the strategic importance of Cloncurry aerodrome on the main Darwin–Sydney air route, the Royal Australian Air Force expanded the aerodrome during World War II. Intended to be a major airbase should the Empire of Japan have occupied New Guinea and Papua.
During the Second World War, Cloncurry Airport was the site of a major United States Army Air Forces air base in 1942. As the war moved north, the USAAF units located north to forward bases.

</doc>
<doc id="9728715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728715" title="Energy audit">
Energy audit

An energy audit is an inspection, survey and analysis of energy flows for energy conservation in a building, process or system to reduce the amount of energy input into the system without negatively affecting the output(s).
Principle.
When the object of study is an occupied building then reducing energy consumption while maintaining or improving human comfort, health and safety are of primary concern. Beyond simply identifying the sources of energy use, an energy audit seeks to prioritize the energy uses according to the greatest to least cost effective opportunities for energy savings.
Home energy audit.
A "home energy audit" is a service where the energy efficiency of a house is evaluated by a person using professional equipment (such as blower doors and infrared cameras), with the aim to suggest the best ways to improve energy efficiency in heating and cooling the house.
An energy audit of a home may involve recording various characteristics of the building envelope including the walls, ceilings, floors, doors, windows, and skylights. For each of these components the area and resistance to heat flow (R-value) is measured or estimated. The leakage rate or infiltration of air through the building envelope is of concern, both of which are strongly affected by window construction and quality of door seals such as weatherstripping. The goal of this exercise is to quantify the building's overall thermal performance. The audit may also assess the efficiency, physical condition, and programming of mechanical systems such as the heating, ventilation, air conditioning equipment, and thermostat.
A home energy audit may include a written report estimating energy use given local climate criteria, thermostat settings, roof overhang, and solar orientation. This could show energy use for a given time period, say a year, and the impact of any suggested improvements per year. The accuracy of energy estimates are greatly improved when the homeowner's billing history is available showing the quantities of electricity, natural gas, fuel oil, or other energy sources consumed over a one or two-year period.
Some of the greatest effects on energy use are user behavior, climate, and age of the home. An energy audit may therefore include an interview of the homeowners to understand their patterns of use over time. The energy billing history from the local utility company can be calibrated using heating degree day and cooling degree day data obtained from recent, local weather data in combination with the thermal energy model of the building. Advances in computer-based thermal modeling can take into account many variables affecting energy use.
A home energy audit is often used to identify cost effective ways to improve the comfort and efficiency of buildings. In addition, homes may qualify for energy efficiency grants from central government.
Recently, the improvement of smartphone technology has enabled homeowners to perform relatively sophisticated energy audits of their own homes. This technique has been identified as a method to accelerate energy efficiency improvements.
In the United States.
In the United States, this kind of service can often be facilitated by:
Utility companies may provide this service, as well as loans and other incentives to insulate. They also often provide incentives to switch, for example, if you are an oil customer considering switching to natural gas.
Where to look for insulation recommendations:
Residential energy auditors are accredited by the Building Performance Institute (BPI) or the Residential Energy Services Network (RESNET).
There are also some simplified tools available, with which a homeowner can quickly assess energy improvement potential. Often these are supplied for free by state agencies or local utilities, who produce a report with estimates of usage by device/area (since they have usage information already). Examples include the Energy Trust of Oregon program and the Seattle Home Resource Profile. Such programs may also include free compact fluorescent lights.
A simple do-it-yourself home energy audit can be performed without using any specialized tools. With an attentive and planned assessment, a homeowner can spot many problems that cause energy losses and make decisions about possible energy efficiency upgrades. During a home energy audit it is important to have a checklist of areas that were inspected as well as problems identified. Once the audit is completed, a plan for suggested actions needs to be developed.
New York City.
In New York City, some local laws, such as Local Law 87, require buildings larger than 50,000 sq. ft. to have an energy audit once every 10 years (as assigned by BBL number). While the new laws require energy auditors to have certifications to perform this work, there currently does not exist oversight to ensure that this is the case. Because Local Law 87 requires a licensed Professional Engineer to oversee the work, choosing a well established engineering firm is the safest route. These laws are the results of New York City's PlaNYC to reduce energy used by buildings –– which are the greatest source of pollution in NYC. Some engineering firms provide free energy audits for facilities committed to implementing the energy saving measures found.
In Lebanon.
Since 2002, The Lebanese Center for Energy Conservation (LCEC) initiated a nationwide program on energy audits for medium and large consuming facilities. By the end of 2008, LCEC has financed and supervised more than 100 audits.
LCEC launched an energy audit program to assist Lebanese energy consuming tertiary and public buildings and industrial plants in the management of their energy through this program.
The long term objective of LCEC is to create a market for ESCOs, whereby any beneficiary can contact directly a specialized ESCO to conduct an energy audit, implement energy conservation measures and monitor energy saving program according to a standardized energy performance contract.
Currently, LCEC is helping in the funding of the energy audit study and thus is linking both the beneficiary and the energy audit firm. LCEC also targets the creation of a special fund used for the implementation of the energy conservation measures resulting from the study.
LCEC set a minimum standard for the ESCOs qualifications in Lebanon and published a list of qualified ESCOs on its website.
Industrial energy audits.
Increasingly in the last several decades, industrial energy audits have exploded as the demand to lower increasingly expensive energy costs and move towards a sustainable future have made energy audits greatly important. Their importance is magnified since energy spending is a major expense to industrial companies (energy spending accounts for ~ 10% of the average manufacturer's expenses). This growing trend should only continue as energy costs continue to rise.
While the overall concept is similar to a home or residential energy audit, industrial energy audits require a different skillset. Weatherproofing and insulating a house are the main focus of residential energy audits. For industrial applications, weatherproofing and insulating often are minor concerns. In industrial energy audits, it is the HVAC, lighting, and production equipment that use the most energy.
Types of energy audit.
The term energy audit is commonly used to describe a broad spectrum of energy studies ranging from a quick walk-through of a facility to identify major problem areas to a comprehensive analysis of the implications of alternative energy efficiency measures sufficient to satisfy the financial criteria of sophisticated investors.
Numerous audit procedures have been developed for non-residential (tertiary) buildings (ASHRAE; IEA-EBC Annex 11; Krarti, 2000). Audit is required to identify the most efficient and cost-effective Energy Conservation Opportunities (ECOs) or Measures (ECMs). Energy conservation opportunities (or measures) can consist in more efficient use or of partial or global replacement of the existing installation.
When looking to the existing audit methodologies developed in IEA EBC Annex 11, by ASHRAE and by Krarti (2000), it appears that the main issues of an audit process are:
Common types/levels of energy audits are distinguished below, although the actual tasks performed and level of effort may vary with the consultant providing services under these broad headings. The only way to ensure that a proposed audit will meet your specific needs is to spell out those requirements in a detailed scope of work. Taking the time to prepare a formal solicitation will also assure the building owner of receiving competitive and comparable proposals.
Generally, four levels of analysis can be outlined (ASHRAE):
Benchmarking.
The impossibility of describing all possible situations that might be encountered during an audit means that it is necessary to find a way of describing what constitutes good, average and bad energy performance across a range of situations. The aim of benchmarking is to answer this question. Benchmarking mainly consists in comparing the measured consumption with reference consumption of other similar buildings or generated by simulation tools to identify excessive or unacceptable running costs. As mentioned before, benchmarking is also necessary to identify buildings presenting interesting energy saving potential.
An important issue in benchmarking is the use of performance indexes to characterize the building.
These indexes can be:
Walk-through or preliminary audit.
The preliminary audit (alternatively called a simple audit, screening audit or walk-through audit) is the simplest and quickest type of audit. It involves minimal interviews with site-operating personnel, a brief review of facility utility bills and other operating data, and a walk-through of the facility to become familiar with the building operation and to identify any glaring areas of energy waste or inefficiency.
Typically, only major problem areas will be covered during this type of audit. Corrective measures are briefly described, and quick estimates of implementation cost, potential operating cost savings, and simple payback periods are provided. A list of energy conservation measures(ECMs, or energy conservation opportunities, ECOs) requiring further consideration is also provided.
This level of detail, while not sufficient for reaching a final decision on implementing proposed measure, is adequate to prioritize energy-efficiency projects and to determine the need for a more detailed audit.
General audit.
The general audit (alternatively called a mini-audit, site energy audit or detailed energy audit or complete site energy audit) expands on the preliminary audit described above by collecting more detailed information about facility operation and by performing a more detailed evaluation of energy conservation measures. Utility bills are collected for a 12 to 36 month period to allow the auditor to evaluate the facility's energy demand rate structures and energy usage profiles. If interval meter data is available, the detailed energy profiles that such data makes possible will typically be analyzed for signs of energy waste. Additional metering of specific energy-consuming systems is often performed to supplement utility data. In-depth interviews with facility operating personnel are conducted to provide a better understanding of major energy consuming systems and to gain insight into short and longer term energy consumption patterns.
This type of audit will be able to identify all energy-conservation measures appropriate for the facility, given its operating parameters. A detailed financial analysis is performed for each measure based on detailed implementation cost estimates, site-specific operating cost savings, and the customer's investment criteria. Sufficient detail is provided to justify project implementation.
The evolution of cloud-based energy auditing software platforms is enabling the managers of commercial buildings to collaborate with general and specialty trades contractors in performing general and energy system-specific audits. The benefit of software-enabled collaboration is the ability to identify the full range of energy efficiency options that may be applicable to the specific building under study with "live time" cost and benefit estimates supplied by local contractors.
Investment-grade audit.
In most corporate settings, upgrades to a facility's energy infrastructure must compete for capital funding with non-energy-related investments. Both energy and non-energy investments are rated on a single set of financial criteria that generally stress the expected return on investment (ROI). The projected operating savings from the implementation of energy projects must be developed such that they provide a high level of confidence. In fact, investors often demand guaranteed savings.
The investment-grade audit expands on the detailed audit described above and relies on a complete engineering study in order to detail technical and economical issues necessary to justify the investment related to the transformations.
Simulation-based energy audit procedure for non-residential buildings.
A complete audit procedure, very similar to the ones proposed by ASHRAE and Krarti (2000), has been proposed in the frame of the AUDITAC and HARMONAC projects to help in the implementation of the EPB (“Energy Performance of Buildings”) directive in Europe and to fit to the current European market.
The following procedure proposes to make an intensive use of modern BES tools at each step of the audit process, from benchmarking to detailed audit and financial study:
Specific audit techniques.
Infrared thermography audit.
The advent of high resolution thermography has enabled inspectors to identify potential issues within the building envelope by taking a thermal image of the various surfaces of a building. For purposes of an energy audit, the thermographer will analyze the patterns within the surface temperatures to identify heat transfer through convection, radiation, or conduction. It is important to note that the thermography ONLY identifies SURFACE temperatures, and analysis must be applied to determine the reasons for the patterns within the surface temperatures. Thermal analysis of a home generally costs between 300 and 600 dollars.
For those who cannot afford a thermal inspection, it is possible to get a general feel for the heat loss with a non contact infrared thermometer and several sheets of reflective insulation. The method involves measuring the temperatures on the inside surfaces of several exterior walls to establish baseline temperatures. After this, reflective barrier insulation is taped securely to the walls in by strips and the temperatures are measured in the center of the insulated areas at 1 hour intervals for 12 hours (The reflective barrier is pulled away from the wall to measure the temperature in the center of the area which it has covered.). The best manner in which to do this is when the temperature differential (Delta T) between the inside and outside of the structure is at least 40 degrees. A well insulated wall will commonly change approximately 1 degree per hour if the difference between external and internal temperatures is an average of 40 degrees. A poorly insulated wall can drop as much as 10 degrees in an hour.
Pollution audits.
With increases in carbon dioxide emissions or other greenhouse gases, pollution audits are now a prominent factor in most energy audits. Implementing energy efficient technologies help prevent utility generated pollution.
Online pollution and emission calculators can help approximate the emissions of other prominent air pollutants in addition to carbon dioxide.
Pollution audits generally take electricity and heating fuel consumption numbers over a two-year period and provide approximations for carbon dioxide, VOCs, nitrous oxides, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, mercury, cadmium, lead, mercury compounds, cadmium compounds and lead compounds.
History.
Energy audits initially became popular in response to the energy crisis of 1973 and later years. Interest in energy audits has recently increased as a result of growing understanding of human impact upon global warming and climate change. Energy audits are also popular due to financial incentives for homeowners.

</doc>
<doc id="9728723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728723" title="Autonomist Federation">
Autonomist Federation

The Autonomist Federation (, FA) is a regionalist, centrist, social-liberal and social-democratic Italian political party active in Aosta Valley. Recently the party's ideology has tilted toward Christian democracy. The party's leader is Giorgio Lavoyer, a long-time regional councillor and former regional minister.
History.
The party was founded in 1998 by the merger of the Autonomists Democrats Progressives, which included some Republicans, and the Autonomist People's Alliance, basically formed by former Socialists. In the 1998 regional election the party list, which included also some members of the Christian Democratic Centre and some of the United Christian Democrats, obtained 9.7% of the vote and four regional councillors.
In the 2001 FA was merged with the Autonomists into Edelweiss (SA), but, following the 2003 regional election (in which SA won 19.8% of the vote), it re-gained its autonomy in 2004.
In the 2008 regional election the party, which was part of the winning regionalist coalition, obtained 6.2% of the vote and two regional councillors (out of 35). Giorgio Lavoyer was appointed to the regional government.
In 2009 a group of Socialists, members of the Socialist Party at the national level were expelled from FA. In 2013 a larger group of Socialists, led by Leonardo La Torre, a former party secretary, left and joined the Valdotanian Union.
In the 2013 regional election FA ran a joint list with the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats. The alliance did not prove successful as FA obtained a mere 2.2% of the vote and was excluded from the Regional Council, after 15 years of continuous presence. As a result, Lavoyer resigned from party leader.

</doc>
<doc id="9728727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728727" title="Battle of Short Hills">
Battle of Short Hills

The Battle of Short Hills (also known as the Battle of Metuchen Meetinghouse and other names) was a conflict between a Continental Army force commanded by Brigadier General William Alexander ("Lord Stirling"), and an opposing British force commanded by Lieutenant General William Howe. The battle took place on June 26, 1777, at Scotch Plains and Metuchen, New Jersey, during the American Revolutionary War. Despite the name, no fighting occurred in modern day Short Hills, a section of Millburn.
In mid-June General Howe marched most of his army into central New Jersey in an attempt to lure George Washington's Continental Army to a place where it might be better attacked than its defensive position in the Watchung Mountains. When Washington refused to abandon his position Howe returned to Amboy on June 22. Washington's forward divisions, including that of Lord Stirling, shadowed this British movement, and Washington moved his main army out of the hills. Howe seized this opportunity, and on June 26 marched two columns of troops out in an attempt to cut Washington off from the high ground. These troops skirmished with Lord Stirling's troops, and eventually engaged in a pitched battle in Scotch Plains. Stirling's outnumbered force retreated, but Washington, alerted to the British movement, had by then retreated back into the hills.
Background.
In March 1776 the British forces of Lieutenant General William Howe withdrew from Boston after Major General George Washington fortified high ground threatening the city and its harbor. With this army augmented by reinforcements from Europe, General Howe captured New York City, forcing Washington to retreat all the way across New Jersey. At the end of 1776, Washington crossed the Delaware River and surprised German troops at Trenton, New Jersey, and eventually regained control of most of the state. The two armies then settled into winter quarters, and engaged in a war of skirmishes during the winter months.
General Howe spent the winter planning a campaign to capture the seat of the rebel Congress, Philadelphia. The constant skirmishing throughout the winter had taken its toll on his troops stationed in New Jersey, and even a major attack on the Continental Army outpost at Bound Brook in April had not been entirely successful. Howe apparently did not divulge his plans or his intended route to Philadelphia to many people, and General Washington did not know what his intentions were, although Philadelphia was one target he suspected Howe was interested in. On May 29, Washington moved most of his army from its winter quarters near Morristown to a strong position at Middlebrook in the Watchung Mountains from which he could observe and interfere with British moves toward Philadelphia.
Historians who mention this battle only occasionally give it a name. It is often called "Short Hills", even though the battle took place primarily in present-day Edison and Scotch Plains, New Jersey. Historians also give the battle other names; David Martin calls it "Flat Hills" or "Metuchen Meeting House"; one British regimental history refers to it by "Westfield".
Prelude.
On June 9, Howe began moving troops from Staten Island to Perth Amboy. On June 11, almost his entire army moved up the roads along the Raritan River to New Brunswick. Washington's intelligence reports indicated that Howe had left behind equipment needed for crossing the Delaware River and was unlikely to be heading for Philadelphia; Washington, as a precautionary measure, called out the militia in southern New Jersey. On June 14, Howe's army marched again, its destination Somerset Court House (present-day Millstone). Apparently seeking to draw Washington into battle on open terrain, Howe remained there five days. Washington refused to move out of the hills, and on June 19, Howe began the march back to Perth Amboy, which he reached on June 22, having completely evacuated New Brunswick.
After refusing to fall for Howe's trap, Washington followed the retreating British, bringing his army down from Middlebrook to Quibbletown, and sent a strong forward detachment under Brigadier General William Alexander (aka "Lord Stirling") to the Scotch Plains area north of New Brunswick, to cover his left flank and to harass the British. Stirling's command, numbering about 2,500, comprised William Maxwell's New Jersey brigade, Thomas Conway's Pennsylvania brigade, Daniel Morgan's Corps of Riflemen and Ottendorf's Corps. Maxwell's brigade consisted of the 1st through 4th New Jersey Continentals and Oliver Spencer's Additional Regiment, while Conway's consisted of the 3rd, 6th, 9th, and 12th Pennsylvania Continentals. Ottendorf's Corps, although it was named for its principal recruiter, a German mercenary named Nicholas Dietrich, Baron de Ottendorf, was commanded by Charles Armand, a French soldier of fortune who was given its command in May 1777 after Ottendorf abruptly left the army.
Howe took advantage of Washington's movement, and launched a sudden attack against Lord Stirling's position, meant to devastate Stirling's forces, cut off Washington's retreat back to Middlebrook, and engage the Americans in a pitched battle on relatively open terrain. At 1:00 am on the morning on June 26 Howe marched two columns of troops out of Perth Amboy. The first column, under the command of Lieutenant General Charles Cornwallis, consisted of several companies of Hessian jägers, three battalions of Hessian grenadiers and one British, mounted Hessian chasseurs and some British dragoons from the 16th Light Dragoons, a battalion from the Brigade of Guards, and the Loyalist provincial unit of Queen's Rangers. The second column was under the command of Major General John Vaughan and accompanied by General Howe. It consisted of jäger companies from Hesse-Kassel and Ansbach-Bayreuth, and battalions of British light infantry and grenadiers.
The battle.
The column of General Cornwallis marched for Woodbridge, while Vaughan's marched toward Bonhamton. As the two columns moved on roughly parallel paths through the Short Hills area, they came into contact with Stirling's guards, and a running skirmish began, with the Americans firing on the British from the underbrush as they fell back. The retreating Americans lead both of the armies into the Ash Swamp and Scotch Plains areas, where Stirling prepared a defensive position. Severe cannon fire and strength of British numbers forced Stirling, as determined as he was to stand against them, to retreat even further back, toward Westfield. There the British, suffering under the extreme heat of the day, ended the pursuit, and Stirling was able to fall back in good order toward the post at Middlebrook. A messenger had alerted Washington to Howe's proximity, prompting Washington to precipitately withdraw to a more secure position further in the hills. Later in the day, Howe arrived to inspect Washington's lines and adjudged them too strong to attack. Because Stirling's resistance may have provided Washington with enough time to manage his withdrawal to more secure ground, the battle is considered a strategic victory for the Americans. The British, after spending the night at Westfield, returned to their post at Perth Amboy, and completely evacuated New Jersey by June 30. In mid-July, Howe embarked much of his army on transports, and sailed off toward Philadelphia, destination unknown to Washington.
A local tale arose in Westfield about an encounter between General Cornwallis and "Aunt Betty" Frazee, a local resident who had been baking bread for the Americans. When Cornwallis arrived, he requested a loaf of bread from her. When she offered it to him, saying "I give this not in love but in fear", Cornwallis graciously declined the offer, responding "Not a man of my command shall touch a single loaf."
Casualties.
A British officer recorded the British and Hessian casualties as 5 killed and 30 wounded. The only officer casualty was Captain The Honourable John Finch of the Guards Light Infantry. He had been to the forefront of the attack and, at one point, called out to Lord Stirling, "Come here, you damned rebel, and I will do for you!" Stirling's response was to instruct four marksmen to concentrate their fire upon the captain. Finch soon received a wound, from which he died three days later.
The American casualties are not fully known; the British claimed the Americans suffered 100 killed and wounded, and both sides acknowledged the American loss of three cannons, and the capture of 70 men. Ottendorf's Corps, who had formed Stirling's advance guard appear to have been hardest hit: out of 80 men, 32 were killed or captured. Colonel Israel Shreve, commander of the 2nd New Jersey Regiment wrote on July 6, 1777 that Maxwell's Brigade "had 12 killed and about 20 wounded and as many taken prisoners ... "; he also noted in his journal, "We had between 20 & 30 Wounded ... mostly slightly Except 3 or 4 ..." Two officers are recorded as having been lost in the 2nd New Jersey: Captain Ephraim Anderson, killed, and Captain James Lawrie, captured.

</doc>
<doc id="9728728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728728" title="Parables and Paradoxes">
Parables and Paradoxes

Parables and Paradoxes (Parabeln und Paradoxe) is a bilingual edition of selected writings by Franz Kafka edited by Nahum N. Glatzer (Schocken Books, 1961). In this volume of collected pieces, Kafka re-examines and rewrites some basic mythical tales of Ancient Israel, Hellas, the Far East, and the West, as well as creations of his own imagination. 
The material in the book is drawn from Kafka's notebooks, diaries, letters, short fictional works and the novel "The Trial". An earlier version of the collection appeared under the title "Parables", and included a smaller selection of works.
Translations.
"Parables and Paradoxes" brings together short texts from the wide variety of Kafka's works. Since different texts were handled by different translators this volume allows readers to compare the various ways Kafka's works have been rendered into English. The translators included are:

</doc>
<doc id="9728740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728740" title="Christian August Hausen">
Christian August Hausen

Christian August Hausen (1693–1743) was a German mathematician who is known for his research on electricity.
Hausen studied mathematics at the University of Wittenberg and received his master's degree in 1712. He became an extraordinary professor of mathematics at the University of Leipzig at the age of 21 and later (1726) became an ordinary professor.
Hausen also researched electrical phenomena, using a triboelectric generator. In the introduction to his book on this subject, "Novi profectus in historia electricitatis", published posthumously, Hausen states that he started these experiments shortly before his death. Hausen's generator was similar to earlier generators, such as that of Francis Hauksbee. It consisted of a glass globe rotated by a cord and a large wheel. An assistant rubbed the globe with his hand to produce static electricity. Hausen's book describes his generator and sets forth a theory of electricity in which electrification is a consequence of the production of vortices in a universal electrical fluid.

</doc>
<doc id="9728741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728741" title="Coconut Island Airport">
Coconut Island Airport

Coconut Island Airport is an airport located on Coconut Island (Poruma Island) in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9728759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728759" title="Margot Benacerraf">
Margot Benacerraf


</doc>
<doc id="9728768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728768" title="Coen Airport">
Coen Airport

Coen Airport is an airport located northwest of Coen, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9728773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728773" title="Ryūichi Hiroki">
Ryūichi Hiroki

Biography.
"Pink film".
Hiroki is one of several Japanese film directors who got their start in the Japanese softcore pornographic film genre of "pink film". He said in an interview that in the late 1970s when he wanted to get into directing, he wrote a script for a "pink film" and brought it to the ŌKura Eiga studio but they told him he needed to start as an assistant director. At this time he met prolific "pink film" director Genji Nakamura and during the next three years, Hiroki worked as an assistant director, editor, and manager for Nakamura's company Yū Pro. Hiroki made his first film as a director with for Million Film in 1982. His debut met with poor reviews and was "terrible" according to Hiroki and he went back to being an assistant director for a time.
Hiroki's next excursion into directing, beginning in November 1983, was more successful, a trio of homoerotic "pink films" for ENK, a new company with links to Nikkatsu, which specialized in gay "pink film". , and were frank depictions of the tribulations of gay couples in 1980s Japan. All three films starred veteran "pink film" actor Tōru Nakane and "Our Season", considered the best of the trio by the "pink film" historians Thomas and Yuko Weisser, had a screenplay by future director Rokurō Mochizuki.
The Weissers dub Hiroki "the prince of youth porn" for his 1984 film produced by Yū Pro and distributed by Nikkatsu, , once again scripted by Rokurō Mochizuki and featuring Tōru Nakane as the college-age tutor of a high-school girl. His most notorious works for Nakamura's Yū Pro were a series of brutal S&M movies directed under the pseudonym Gō Ijūin (), which was also sometimes used by scriptwriter Hitoshi Ishikawa and Nakamura himself. According to Hiroki, using a pseudonym gave him greater freedom to describe S&M relationships in a new way. The Gō Ijūin films directed by Hiroki were the 1984 "The SM", distributed by Million Film, from February 1985 and from February 1986, with the latter two films being released by Nikkatsu.
Also in 1986, Nikkatsu released Hiroki's creative but bizarrely titled Yū Pro production promoted as "New wave S&M with a sense of humor". In October 1987, Hiroki directed pioneering AV Idol Hitomi Kobayashi in the "pink film" released by Million Film and the next year supervised anther early AV actress Eri Kikuchi in released by Nikkatsu in January 1988.
Hiroki also ventured into the adult video (AV) world, directing for Athena Eizou, a company founded by former "pink film" director Tadashi Yoyogi, with titles such as the August 1989 starring Mako Hyuga and the May 1990 video .
Into mainstream film.
Although Hiroki left the "pink film" industry in the late 1980s, he continued to make films dealing with sexuality. Hiroki has said that he never changed his film making, but his later movies were aimed at a different audience. In May 1989 Hiroki with fellow directors Masato Ishioka and Tadafumi Tomioka founded their own production company Heaven ().
In November 1990, Hiroki directed a romance about modern young couples in Japan, for the Shochiku company. This was followed by the erotic horror V-cinema production which took the Japanese Film Section Grand Prize for a video at the Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival. Hiroki's breakthrough into mainstream film, however, came with his 1994 feature "800 Two Lap Runners" which looked at teenage heterosexual and homosexual relationships against a track and field background. The film, with a screenplay by video game writer Masato Kato, opened at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 1994 before being released in Japan in July 1994. It placed number 7 on the Kinema Junpo's list of the ten best Japanese movies of 1994.
Hiroki returned to his theme of the emotional and sexual lives of young adults in modern urban Japan in his June 1996 film about a high-school girl pretending to be ill in order to see her boyfriend. His 2000 work is an understated look at a lonely woman who goes through the garbage of the neighbor she is obsessed with looking for mementos. His other film in 2000 had a very different theme; the erotic comic drama , with a screenplay by Hiroki's former "pink film" colleague Hitoshi Ishikawa, is based on a possibly partly autobiographical novel by celebrated S&M writer Oniroku Dan.
Hiroki directed "Vibrator", a film based on the novel by Mari Akasaka, starring Nao Omori and Shinobu Terajima. It was described by Tom Mes as "one of the bravest and most important films of recent years." He worked with Terajima again on the film "It's Only Talk".
He directed the thriller film "M". He also directed "The Egoists", a romance film starring Kengo Kora and Anne Suzuki.
He directed "River", a film which was originally inspired by the Akihabara massacre.
Style and influences.
Hiroki was described by Niels Matthijs of Twitch Film as "one of the few male directors who can portray a women with life-like depth."

</doc>
<doc id="9728774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728774" title="The Peggy Horror Picture Show">
The Peggy Horror Picture Show

"The Peggy Horror Picture Show" is the 202nd episode of the FOX animated television series "King of the Hill". Its title is a parody of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show".
Plot.
Feeling unfeminine after her girlfriends reject all of her clothes at a clothing exchange, Peggy goes shoe shopping for her extra large feet. She meets and befriends Carolyn and is thrilled to have a new girlfriend. Unknown to Peggy, Carolyn's real name is Jamie. Carolyn is a drag queen and thinks that Peggy is one too until she meets Hank (who doesn't get it in his head that Carolyn is not really a woman) and Bobby. When Peggy learns the truth, she breaks down and questions her femininity again. Hank calls Carolyn, who comes by to take Peggy to a clothing exchange with Carolyn's fellow drag performers. Initially further depressed at the thought that the only ones who want her clothes are men, Peggy brightens when Carolyn points out that the men worship women who are strong, bold, and have their own style.
In a sub-plot, Bobby and Joseph try to pull practical jokes on the kids at school, only to find that every prank they play brings about good fortune for their victims.
Production.
Carolyn is voiced by Michael Jamin, formerly a writer and producer for "King of the Hill".
Critical response.
"The Peggy Horror Picture Show" was lauded as "almost a perfect illustration of the show at its best and most humbly bold".

</doc>
<doc id="9728776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728776" title="Aosta Valley (political coalition)">
Aosta Valley (political coalition)

Aosta Valley ("Vallée d'Aoste", VdA) is a regionalist coalition of parties active in Aosta Valley, Italy.
"Vallée d'Aoste" or "Pour la Vallée d'Aoste" are the banners under which the Valdostan Union (UV), the main regionalist party in the region, takes part to Italian general elections, along with its minor allies. Since 1983 the list has won most of the races for both houses of the Italian Parliament (see Parliamentary delegations from Aosta Valley). Typical allies of UV within VdA had been the Popular Democrats (PD) and the Autonomists Democrats Progressives (ADP). Since 2006 the list, which at times took the name Autonomy Progress Federalism Aosta Valley ("Vallée d'Aoste Autonomie Progrès Fédéralisme", VdA–APF), has become a stable coalition in regional politics and is composed also by Edelweiss (SA) and the Autonomist Federation (FA).
Recent history.
In the 2006 general election an alternative, centre-left coalition called Autonomy Liberty Democracy (ALD) was formed as Valdostan Renewal (RV), a split from UV, joined forces with the Democrats with the Left (DS) and other minor parties. For the first time in twenty years, VdA–APF was soundly defeated in both races for the Italian Parliament. In the election for the Chamber of Deputies Marco Viérin (SA, VdA–APF) lost 43.4% to 30.7% to Roberto Nicco (DS, ALD), while in the Senate race incumbent senator Augusto Rollandin (UV, VdA–APF) was defeated 44.2% to 32.0% by Carlo Perrin (RV, ALD).
UV, SA and FA presented again the list, simply named "Vallée d'Aoste", in the 2008 general election. Antonio Fosson (UV, VdA–APF) defeated incumbent senator Carlo Perrin 41.4% to 37.4%, while Ego Perron (UV, VdA–APF) was narrowly defeated by incumbent deputy Roberto Nicco 39.1% to 37.8%.
Under a new electoral law, the coalition ran together also in the 2008 regional election, gaining 62% of the vote and a stable majority in the Regional Council.
In the 2013 general election APF elected both MPs from Aosta Valley: Albert Lanièce (UV, VdA–APF) defeated Patrizia Morelli (ALPE, ALD) 37.0% to 30.8% for the Senate, while Rudi Marguerettaz (SA, VdA–APF) defeated both Jean Pierre Guichardaz (PD, ALD) and Laurent Viérin (UVP).
In the 2013 regional election the coalition won 47.9% of the vote and narrowly retained its absolute majority in the Regional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9728780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728780" title="Ianuaria">
Ianuaria

Ianuaria is a Celtic goddess revered at the Burgundian sanctuary of Beire-le-chatel, a spring shrine at which images of Apollo, triple-horned bulls and doves were also dedicated. A small stone statuette from the temple depicts a young girl with curly hair, clad in a heavy-pleated coat and holding a set of pan-pipes. On the base of the statue is inscribed 'Deae Ianuariae'. Nothing else is known about this goddess. She may have been a healing goddess: the spring was a healing shrine, and it is known that Ianuaria's companion god Apollo was a healing god in both Celtic and Classical contexts. It is also possible that, since Apollo was a patron of music, and the goddess was depicted as holding panpipes, she was a goddess of music, which was perhaps perceived as a means of inducing the healing sleep.
References.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997

</doc>
<doc id="9728803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728803" title="Dearest Father. Stories and Other Writings">
Dearest Father. Stories and Other Writings

Dearest Father. Stories and Other Writings is a collection of writings by Franz Kafka translated by Ernst Kaiser and Eithne Wilkins with notes by Max Brod (Schocken Books, 1954). The title derives from Kafka's Letter to His Father, which begins with this salutation.

</doc>
<doc id="9728810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728810" title="Inciona">
Inciona

Inciona is a little-known Celtic goddess of the Treveran region. Her name is recorded as one of a pair of deities on two votive inscriptions from Luxembourg. 
On the large stone slab from Mensdorf on the Widdebierg, pictured at right, she is invoked along with the god Veraudunus and in honour of the imperial family in fulfilment of a vow made by Marcus Pl(autius?) Restitutus' mother Alpinia Lucana.
The second inscription, a small bronze votive plaque from Kaul in Luxembourg, reads:
If the letters NO MAR can be restored as "Leno Marti", then Inciona is here invoked alongside Lenus Mars Veraudunus.

</doc>
<doc id="9728818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728818" title="Thumb (disambiguation)">
Thumb (disambiguation)

The thumb is the first digit of the human hand.
Thumb may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9728830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728830" title="AIPS++">
AIPS++

Astronomical Image Processing System "++" is a software package whose development was started in the early nineties, written almost entirely in C++, and which initial goal was to replace the by then already aging AIPS software. It has now been reborn as CASA and is the basis of the image processing systems for several next-generation radio telescopes including ALMA, eVLA, and ASKAP.
Early history.
In 1988-89, the Director of National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO), Paul Vanden Bout, convened an independent review panel, the Software Advisory Group (SWAG) to produce recommendations for the future of processing software for NRAO. SWAG was chaired by Tim Cornwell, and its members included Geoff Croes, Gareth Hunt, Jan Noordam, and Ray Norris. SWAG recommendations were that:
In late 1990 the NRAO Director accepted the recommendations, and the task of defining the new package began.
The project was originally an effort by several astronomical institutes together in a consortium, the Australia Telescope National Facility (ATNF), the Jodrell Bank Observatory (JBO) and the MERLIN/VLBI National Facility (MERLIN/VLBI), the Berkeley-Illinois-Maryland Association (BIMA), the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) and the Netherlands Foundation for Research in Astronomy ASTRON.
Features.
AIPS++ provides facilities for calibration, editing, image formation, image enhancement, and analysis of images and other astronomical data. A major focus is on reduction of data from both single-dish and aperture synthesis radio telescopes. Although the tools provided in AIPS++ are mainly designed for processing data from varieties of radio telescopes, the package is expected to also be useful for processing other types of astronomical data and images. However, the reduction of most data from imaging array detectors is performed using IRAF instead.
AIPS++ is structured as a library of tools at the lower levels, designed to replace AIPS of more monolithic applications. In general, the counterpart of an AIPS task is an AIPS++ tool function, although the toolkit structure of AIPS++ will generally mean that these functions are more fine-grained, except for the more integrated tools at the higher levels (such as map). The counterparts of AIPS adverbs are the parameters of AIPS++tool functions. The command-line interpreter in AIPS is POPS, while the counterpart in AIPS++ is Glish. The code used as standard in most astronomical institutes is still AIPS, as AIPS++ is usually not yet considered sufficiently reliable and usable.
Like most research astronomy software, it is available for all major operating systems except Microsoft Windows.
AIPS++/CASA.
On August 25, 2004 the AIPS++ code base was re-organized to a more modular structure; since then it is referred to as CASA ("Common Astronomy Software Applications"). CASA consists of a suite of C++ libraries derived from the original AIPS++ tasks. The Glish scripting system is being replaced by Python bindings, a system known as "CASApy". The CASA software is no longer developed by the consortium, but mainly within NRAO for use on the Atacama Large Millimeter Array.
The core of the old AIPS++ libraries, now known as CasaCore are still being maintained and developed by the original consortium members. A separate Python interface is available known as PyRap. Pyrap is mainly developed within ATNF and ASTRON for replacing Glish for the Australia Telescope Compact Array, WSRT and LOFAR. CASA also uses these core libraries but not PyRap.

</doc>
<doc id="9728834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728834" title="Veraudunus">
Veraudunus

Veraudunus is the name of a Celtic god known only from two votive inscriptions found in Luxembourg. One of these inscriptions suggests that ‘Veraudunus’ may have been an epithet of the important Treveran god Lenus Mars. In both inscriptions, Veraudunus is invoked along with Inciona.
On the large stone slab from Mensdorf on the Widdebierg, pictured at right, the god Veraudunus (DEO VERAVDVNO) and Inciona are invoked in honour of the imperial family in fulfilment of a vow made by Marcus Pl(autius?) Restitutus' mother Alpinia Lucana.
The second inscription is a small bronze votive plaque from Kaul in Luxembourg, which reads:
If the letters NO MAR can be restored as "Leno Marti", then ‘Veraudunus’ appears to be an epithet of Lenus Mars, the tribal protector of the Treveri who inhabited what is now Luxembourg.
The name of the Widdebierg itself has been said to derive from ‘Veraudunus’.

</doc>
<doc id="9728851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728851" title="Astronomical Image Processing System">
Astronomical Image Processing System

The Astronomical Image Processing System (AIPS) is a package to support the reduction and analysis of data taken with radio telescopes. It is most useful for arrays of telescopes like the VLA and VLBA and the WSRT. In more recent years, it has also been used successfully for VLBI (very long baseline interferometry).
The software was originally developed by NRAO in the seventies, and has since grown to be the defacto standard software package in the worldwide radioastronomy community.
History.
AIPS is what most of us would now describe as “legacy software”, having been originally coded in a truly ancient dialect of FORTRAN (predating even the venerable FORTRAN IV). AIPS now uses FORTRAN 77, although it has been digested successfully by at least one FORTRAN 90 compiler.
A Modcomp computer in Charlottesville, Virginia was the first system to actually host a working AIPS system, and it quickly spread to a guest UNIX system hosted on an IBM 360 mainframe. From there, it spread in the early 1980s to VAX/VMS systems, often with an attached floating-point systems array processor (this peculiar device was the moral equivalent of the 80387 floating-point accelerators that some old-timers may remember being part and parcel of many 386 systems). In the late 1980s, UNIX came back into AIPS' universe in a big way, first with the Sun-3 series of Motorola-68020-based systems and then with a series of others, including Cray (Unicos), Convex and Alliant systems.
By the time the 1980s were winding down, the dominance of VMS in the AIPS universe was being seriously questioned. Performance on new upstarts like Sun was starting to challenge their price/performance ratio, and the first SPARCstations totally blew them away. In the early 1990s, AIPS moved to a smorgasbord of UNIX variants: AIX, Stardent (briefly), Ultrix, HP-UX, SGI's Irix and DEC (oops, Compaq) OSF1. A port to an IBM 3090 was attempted, but failed due to accuracy problems with the non-IEEE floating-point format thereon. In the middle of this flurry of activity, the port to Linux by Jeff Uphoff was made.
The Blacksburg Connection.
In the fall of 1993, NRAO got a query from a radio astronomer at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, requesting permission for one of his students to copy AIPS to his PC for an attempted port to a new system called Linux. (At that time, AIPS was still proprietary code, released to non-profit organizations under a rather cumbersome license and user agreement; this changed later.) Polite skepticism was the immediate reaction of most people then in the NRAO AIPS group, but they allowed the experiment to go ahead. Within several weeks Jeff Uphoff had successfully ported the software to Linux and was able to run the “Dirty Dozen Tasks” benchmark, even though it took about a day on a 386 compared with an hour on a SPARC processor.
Faster and Faster, and Make it GNU.
Within a few months of the original port, NRAO had Jeff Uphoff on its payroll, and the race was on to improve the performance of AIPS on Intel hardware. In the process, the NRAO Charlottesville Computing Division ended up with many Linux machines performing server duties, and several programmers and scientists volunteered for converted to use on Linux systems.
However, it took the use of the EGCS version of the GNU g77 FORTRAN compiler to push the Intel/Linux platform to the forefront of the Radio Astronomy community. In 1995, using EGCS version 1.0.2, AIPS was successfully built under g77. This improved the AIPSMark (a benchmark, defined as 4000 divided by the elapsed time in seconds to run the DDT on a test dataset; bigger AIPSMarks are better and a Sparc IPX is 1.0) on a Pentium Pro 200 from 3.3 to about 5. With further coaxing via aggressive use of optimization parameters, the resulting AIPSMark went over 6. In this fell swoop, the price/performance curve that was previously occupied by Sun, IBM, DEC and HP was shattered once and for all. By 1998, NRAO was ordering Linux/Intel desktops as the workstation of preference for the scientist in place of SPARC Ultra systems. In 1999, Linux started to edge out the high-performance public workstations such as Alpha and high-end SPARC.
During this time, another significant change came about. All this exposure to copylefted code was taking its toll. As mentioned earlier, AIPS was originally released under a restrictive user agreement that prohibited redistribution and was unpalatable or even unacceptable to some in our own astronomical community. Not only that, but the administrative costs associated with it were a burden.
Thus, around 2000 the decision was made to shift AIPS over to the GNU (Free Software Foundation's) General Public License on its next periodic release.
As of the writing of this article, the most recent version of AIPS was the 2008 release, called 31DEC08, approaching the end of its third decade of use in the astronomical community. The latest version, 31DEC10 is now available as the active development version (as on 18/12/09).
Usage and design.
In general AIPS uses 8 character long "tasks" that have input parameters, and a source and a destination "disk", reminiscent of 1970's era mainframe programming. The "disks" are stored in a catalog, basically predating any notion of filesystems in their modern sense. When using the data, you first load it onto a disk from an external source, usually a FITS file, either UVFITS or FITS-IDI. You then perform your tasks on these disks, writing the result to an output disk.
AIPS uses a primitive commandline interpreter known as POPS.
To new postgraduate students, AIPS is such an idiosyncratic piece of software that a rich and varied niche humour has developed around it.

</doc>
<doc id="9728853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728853" title="The Prestige Recordings">
The Prestige Recordings

The Prestige Recordings is a box set by jazz musician John Coltrane.
Track listing.
CD1
CD2
CD3
CD4
CD5
CD6
CD7
CD8
CD9
CD10
CD11
CD12
CD13
CD14
CD15
CD16

</doc>
<doc id="9728877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728877" title="1912 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1912 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1912 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 11th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. After a six-year hiatus, France rejoined the competition, however the United States pulled out of the competition. In the final, the British Isles would regain the Cup from Australasia. The final was played at the Albert Ground in Melbourne, Australia on 28–30 November.
Draw.
1 The final was scratched and the British Isles were granted the right to play Australasia in the Challenge Round as the United States were unable to field a team.

</doc>
<doc id="9728888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728888" title="Iovantucarus">
Iovantucarus

Mars Iovantucarus was a Celtic god who was associated with the Treveran healer-god Lenus Mars at his sanctuary at Trier. The name reflects the deity's function as a protector of youth, and the temple was visited by pilgrims who often brought with them images of children, often depicting as holding pet birds as offerings to the god. At Tholey, also in Treveran territory, ‘Iovantucarus’ was also used as an epithet of Mercury.

</doc>
<doc id="9728916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728916" title="Vicente Cervantes">
Vicente Cervantes

Vicente (Vincente) de Cervantes (1755 – 1829) was a notable Spanish and Mexican physician and botanist.
Background.
Don Vicente Cervantes was a contemporary of Martín Sessé y Lacasta and corresponded with Jean-Louis Berlandier, the French naturalist who botanized in Mexico and Texas as part of the Mexican Boundary Commission. He was also the first Professor of Botany in New Spain, at the Royal Botanic Garden in Mexico City.
It is after him that the magnificent Odontoglossum orchid, the "Cervantes odontoglot" ("Odontoglossum cervantesii"), is named.
Juan Diego del Castillo (d. 1793) joined Cervantes in Mexico. Del Castillo left a large sum of money towards the printing of their projected book "Flora Mexicana". Cervantes named the genus "Castilla" after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9728921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728921" title="George Perris">
George Perris

George Perris (Greek: Γιώργος Περρής) (born in Athens, Greece, August 24, 1983) is an international pop singer with classical training of Greek and French origin. He is multilingual, singing in Greek, French, English, and Spanish and is fluent in all four languages. He has studied the piano for 11 years. In addition to performing, he writes lyrics and composes music to some of his songs.
Career.
Perris' performing career began at the age of 18, when he was invited to tour with composer Mimis Plessas. He was featured on Plessas' 2006 album Mimis Plessas and the Jazz Quartet Live. His first solo album, Kainouria mou mera (My new day) was released in 2005 by EMI and included the hit songs "Pezi o erotas" which was the theme song from the TV series "Erotas" as well as "Karavani" which was included in a compilation created by Radio Française.
The following year he toured with acclaimed Greek tenor Mario Frangoulis. Frangoulis invited him back for his "Mario & Friends" performance series at the Athens Arena where he appeared on stage with international artists such as Lucio Dalla, Justin Hayward, Madeleine Peyroux, Lara Fabian and Frances Ruffelle. As a result, 2 live albums were released in 2008 and 2009, Mario & Friends 1 and Mario & Friends 2 which were both certified platinum album. In April 2008, Perris also released his second studio album Pairno anasa with Sony Music. The album featured Stis gis tin akri, a duet with Mario Frangoulis. He wrote and composed almost half of the songs on that record. Perris continued touring in 2009, performing in Greece, Cyprus and Turkey.
In 2009, international diva Lara Fabian invited him to open some concerts of her 2009 European tour, including 2 sold out performances at the Zénith de Paris. During the same year, he also performed in Boston, as a guest of the Greek Institute, and also in St. Petersburg, Russia and London with the Oxford Philomusica.
In 2010, Perris performed again in the USA as part of Frangoulis' "Light of Greece" tour, performing concerts in Chicago, Boston and New York. He also traveled to Canada, as a guest of Stephan Moccio, performing at the Place des Arts in Montreal. Perris appeared in a 2010 production of Mikis Theodorakis' adaptation of March of the Spirit (poetry: Angelos Sikelianos). This show was performed in both Greece and Turkey, as part of an attempt to improve international relations between the two countries.
In 2011, Perris was invited by Stephan Moccio to participate in a concert in Toronto, Canada. He also performed with soprano Deborah Myers in Athens. This concert was broadcast on national television. In the summer, Perris toured with Mario Frangoulis in Turkey and a few months later he took part in a tribute concert to Mimis Plessas. He also recorded the a cappella single “Humana” adapted by Women of the World which was released the same year.
In the Spring of 2012, he released his third studio album Un Souhait in Canada. The album included 11 new songs in French, composed for him by some of the most acclaimed French-speaking songwriters as well as Ma Solitude, a duet with Lara Fabian.
In June, he shared the stage with Mario Frangoulis, Hayley Westenra and Alkistis Protopsalti at the Boston Symphony Hall with the Boston Pops Orchestra under the baton of Keith Lockhart. The same concert was performed in Athens, Greece at the Herod Atticus Theatre.
In October of the same year, he performed with the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra conducted by Robert Baker.
The release of the “Un souhait” album earlier in 2012 in Canada led to the Un Souhait Tour presented by the Horatio Alger Association for whom Perris serves as an International Ambassador. The last show of the tour was filmed and released on the Live à Montréal DVD exclusively on his website.
In December, George Perris returned to Greece and released a new “Live” album produced by Alkistis Protopsalti. The album included various Greek, French and English classics that Perris had performed live over the last 2 years. 
In 2013 Perris toured extensively with Alkistis Protopsalti in Greece and Cyprus as well as performing in Montreal, Canada and Pasadena, California.
He spent most of 2013 recording his new English album. In November, he released I will wait for you/Les Parapluies de Cherbourg, the first song from this album for free.
In January 2014 George Perris travelled to New York for his debut performance as an international ambassador of Horatio Alger Association at Jazz at Lincoln Center. In May of the same year he released his debut English language album titled "Picture this" 

</doc>
<doc id="9728939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728939" title="Cocos Island (disambiguation)">
Cocos Island (disambiguation)

Island(s) called Cocos, Coco or Coconut include the following:
Cocos:
Coco:
Coconut:
See also.
Caicos Islands — in Turks and Caicos Islands

</doc>
<doc id="9728949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728949" title="Jennifer Lee">
Jennifer Lee

Jennifer Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9728958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728958" title="Baatar">
Baatar

The word Baatar (Mongolian: баатар, "hero") is part of many names signifying:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9728960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728960" title="City Council of Dresden">
City Council of Dresden

The City Council of Dresden is the elected representative body of the citizens of Dresden that administers the affairs of Dresden a self-governing city "kreisfreie Stadt" in the Free State of Saxony.
Municipality and city council.
City council.
The city council defines the basic principles of the municipality by decrees and statutes. The council gives orders to the burgomaster by voting for resolutions and thus has some executive power. It is elected by the citizenry for a legislature of five years by an election system of three votes per citizen. There an advisory councils for local affairs of senior citizens and immigrants. The ten "Ortsamtsbereiche" (districts) have an advisory council which has to be heard in district affairs. The "Ortschaften" (former boroughs) have even smaller councils, which can decide even more freely in local affairs.
The current city council of Dresden was elected in 2009 and has 70 seats.
There is no persistent governing majority in the city council of Dresden. 
City Mayors.
The Supreme Burgomaster is directly elected by the citizens for a term of seven years. Executive functions are normally elected indirectly in Germany. However, the Supreme Burgomaster shares a lot of executive rights with the city council. Governing majorities can be in opposition to the Supreme Burgomaster. He is the head of the municipality, is responsible for the city's operative affairs, and is ceremonial representative of the city. The highest departments of the municipality are managed by seven burgomasters. The First Burgomaster (currently the burgomaster of culture) is also the deputy to the Supreme Burgomaster.
The current holder of the office is Helma Orosz; she was elected in June 2008 and took office on 1 August 2008.
Municipality.
The municipality is divided into seven departments and the Mayor's Office.
The City of Dresden owns a lot of institutions and enterprises. Some of them are private companies (for example the "Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe" (transport authorities), the "DREWAG" (public services and energy supply), the "Messe Dresden" (fair ground) or the "Zoo Dresden" (which is a non-profit GmbH: a limited liability company). 
Local affairs.
Local affairs in Dresden often center around the urban development of the city. Architecture and design of public places is a specifically controversial subject. The reconstruction of completely destroyed buildings around the Frauenkirche at the Neumarkt square as well as the completely modern Wiener Platz square in front of the Hauptbahnhof train station have been criticized. The building of the Waldschlösschen Bridge led the UNESCO World Heritage Committee to remove the Dresden Elbe Valley from the list of World Heritage Sites.
In 2006 Dresden sold its publicly subsidized housing organization, WOBA Dresden GmbH, to the US-based private investment company Fortress Investment Group. The city received 987.1 Million Euros and paid off its remaining loans, making it the first large city in Germany to become debt free. Opponents to the sale were concerned about Dresden's loss of control on the subsidized housing market, with that control going to an American private company. The long-term risks were a subject of discussion in national media as were the chances of such sales in other cities.
A new soccer stadium, the Glücksgas Stadium, was built between 2007 and 2010.
Coat of arms.
Official documents and publications by the City Council of Dresden still use the histrionic coat of arms: Showing on a golden shield showing a black lion with and two black pales. The lion is looking has a red tongue.

</doc>
<doc id="9728963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728963" title="Jill Trappler">
Jill Trappler

Jill Trappler (born July 1957 in Gauteng, Benoni, South Africa) is a South African artist who works in several media, including painting, weaving, and installation. 
Jill's work is in various private, corporate, and public collections, including the National Museum of African Art, SANG, Vodacom, SABC, Investec, and Nandos UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9728986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728986" title="Andrew Evans">
Andrew Evans

Andrew Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9728998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728998" title="Amwell, Hertfordshire">
Amwell, Hertfordshire

Amwell (Great and Little), is a village in the county of Hertfordshire, England, located 1½ miles (S.E. by S.) from Ware, and about 20 miles north of London. Great Amwell is also the name of the civil parish within East Hertfordshire district.
The Anglican church is dedicated to St John the Baptist. The East India College was founded here in 1806, for the education of young men intended for the civil service of the East India Company in India. It is now a public school, Haileybury College.
The New River runs through the village.
On a hill above the church is an ancient mound, the remains of a fortification; and in Barrow field, on the road to Hertford, is a large tumulus.
Great Amwell has been the residence of some celebrated literary characters, among whom are:
Others buried in Amwell include:
Richard Warren (d 1628) a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620, who settled in Plymouth Colony and co-signed the Mayflower Compact, married on April 14, 1610 at St. John the Baptist Anglican Church, Great Amwell, Elizabeth Walker, daughter of Augustine Walker. Richard and Elizabeth are the ancestors of two U.S. Presidents, Ulysses S. Grant and Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
A hamlet called Amwell also exists a mile south west of Wheathampstead, also in Hertfordshire.
Transport.
The village has no railway station, the nearest being Ware or St Margarets both of which are on the Hertford-London Liverpool Street line which passes through the parish. There are a few bus routes, these are Route 310 (Arriva) Hertford-Waltham Cross which operates every 30 minutes Monday to Friday Daytime and, Route 311 (Arriva) Hertford-Waltham Cross which operates every 30 minutes Monday to Friday Daytime and, Route 351 (Centrebus) Hertford-Bishops Stortford which operates every two hours Monday to Saturday Daytime and hourly Monday to Friday peak hours, Route 524 (SM Coaches) Harlow-Hertford which operates hourly Monday to Saturday Daytime, Route 724 (Arriva Green Line Coaches) Harlow-Heathrow Airport which operates hourly Daily.

</doc>
<doc id="9729003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729003" title="Andrew Evans (figure skater)">
Andrew Evans (figure skater)

Andrew Evans (born October 22, 1988) is a Canadian pair skater. With Carolyn MacCuish, he placed 8th at the 2007 World Junior Championships.
Career.
Evans originally competed as a single skater. He decided to concentrate on pairs after not making it to the Canadian nationals as a single skater. From 2006 through 2008, he competed with Carolyn MacCuish. The two were the 2007 Canadian junior national championships, and competed on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. MacCuish and Evans placed 8th at the 2007 World Junior Championships. The team placed second at the 2007 JGP Lake Placid, but won the free skate. He later competed with Kirsten Moore-Towers and Julianne Séguin.
Personal life.
Evans studied Nanotech Engineering at the University of Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="9729010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729010" title="Carolyn MacCuish">
Carolyn MacCuish

Carolyn MacCuish (born August 29, 1992) is a Canadian figure skater. Competing in pair skating with Andrew Evans, she placed 8th at the 2007 World Junior Championships. She later competed in ice dancing.
Career.
MacCuish competed in pair skating with Andrew Evans from 2006 through 2008. The two are the 2007 Canadian junior national championships, and have competed on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. They trained at the Mariposa School of Skating and were coached by Lee Barkell. MacCuish and Evans placed 8th at the 2007 World Junior Championships. The team placed 2nd at the 2007 JGP USA, but won the free skate.
Their partnership ended in 2008 and MacCuish changed disciplines to ice dancing. She teamed up with Tyler Morris. They are the 2009 Canadian novice national champions.

</doc>
<doc id="9729041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729041" title="EHC Olten">
EHC Olten

EHC Olten is a Swiss professional ice hockey team based in Olten, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="9729044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729044" title="Songs from Self Saucing">
Songs from Self Saucing

Songs from Self Saucing is the seventh album released by Australian comedy band 
Tripod, and their third live album. The album was recorded April 2006, during 
the last “Tripod are: Self Saucing’ show at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival, in 
front of a sell out crowd at the Hi-Fi Bar and Ballroom. Most songs from the performance are 
included on the album.
The album was nominated for Best Comedy Release at the 2007 ARIA (Australian Recording Industry Association) awards but lost out to comedian Dave Hughes' DVD 'Live'.
Track listing.
"Gonna Make You Happy Tonight" can also be found on Middleborough Rd and Pod August Night, and Lingering Dad can be found on Pod August Night.

</doc>
<doc id="9729054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729054" title="Anaïs Morand">
Anaïs Morand

Anais Morand (born 10 March 1993 in Vouvry, Switzerland) is a Swiss pair skater. She is the 2011–2012 Swiss national champion with Timothy Leemann and the 2008–2010 Swiss champion with Antoine Dorsaz. 
Career.
Morand teamed up with Antoine Dorsaz in 2006. They spent their first two seasons together on the junior circuit. In 2008–09 they competed in both juniors and seniors, finishing 12th at the European Championships and 10th at the World Junior Championships. They were not able to qualify a spot for Switzerland for the Winter Olympics.
Morand and Dorsaz began the 2009–10 season at the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, where they qualified a spot for Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Olympics. They continued to skate on the junior Grand Prix circuit and moved up to 8th at the European Championships. They were 15th at the Olympics and moved up to 13th at Worlds. Dorsaz retired from competitive skating after the 2010 season, citing lack of motivation. It was then announced that Morand would compete in ladies' single skating until she found a new partner. She later teamed up with Timothy Leemann, but did compete in the ladies' event at the Junior Grand Prix Austria in Graz, finishing in 25th place. In July 2012, it was reported that their partnership had ended.

</doc>
<doc id="9729063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729063" title="Die Freiheitlichen">
Die Freiheitlichen

Die Freiheitlichen (dF, approximately translating to "The Liberals"; other possible translations include: "The Freedomites" or "The Libertarians") is a right-wing separatist political party active in the Italian province of South Tyrol. It seeks to represent the German-speaking majority of the province's population and to secede South Tyrol from Italy.
The long-time leader of dF is Pius Leitner, who stepped down from party president in February 2012 and was replaced by Ulli Mair. The party's ideology is similar to that of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ), especially under the leadership of Jörg Haider, who later founded the Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ).
History.
Foundation and early years.
In 1992, a group of young right-wingers led by the so-called "gang of four", including Christian Waldner, former leader of the "Junge Generation" (the youth section of the South Tyrolean People's Party, SVP), Peter Paul Reiner, Pius Leitner and Stephan Gutweniger, left SVP. They were soon joined by disgruntled former members of the Freedom Party of South Tyrol (FPS), who were marginalized after the merger in the Union for South Tyrol (UfS).
They launched the new party on 7 December 1992. In doing this, they were strongly encouraged by Jörg Haider, at the time leader of the Freedom Party of Austria, which is colloquially known as The Freedomites. Gerold Meraner, former leader of FPS who had been a founding member of UfS, considered the new party as the legitimate heir of his FPS.
Under the leadership of Waldner, the party won 6.1% of the vote in the 1993 provincial election and got two provincial councillors elected, Waldner and Leitner. Soon after the election, there were clashes over the party political line between Waldner, who espoused more nationalist attitudes, and Leitner, who was the leader of the internal liberal faction. This finally led Waldner to resign in 1994 and to start his own short-lived party, "The Liberals" (renamed "Alliance 98" in 1996).
Decline and resurgence.
In February 1997 Waldner was shot dead by his former political ally Reiner, who had remained a leading member of dF. This dramatic event was a shock for the party and led it into a decline which seemed irreversible. In the 1998 provincial election the party's share of vote was only 2.5% and Leitner alone was elected in the Provincial Council.
After that, the party saw a resurgence in 2003, when it jumped to 5.0% in the provincial election and managed to elect two provincial councillors again: Leitner and Ulli Mair, a young woman who had been party secretary since 2001.
In the 2006 general election dF obtained 5.4%. In the 2008 general election they almost doubled their share of vote to 9.4%.
In the subsequent provincial election, dF became the second-largest party in the Province with the 14.3% of the vote (a net gain of 9.3%) and had five provincial councillors elected (up from the previous two). For the first time in history the two largest political forces of South Tyrol were German-speaking parties.
More electoral successes.
In February 2012, after 18 years at the head of the party, Leitner chose to step down and promote Mair as his successor.
In March 2012, in the midst of the European sovereign-debt crisis and recession in Italy, the party officially turned to separatism, proposing the creation of a South Tyrolean independent and sovereign "Freistaat" (free state) through a referendum, which would need the approval also of the Italian-speaking minority.
In the 2013 general election the party won 15.9% of the vote, its best result ever.
In the 2013 provincial election dF won 17.9% (another record high and +3.6% since 2008), resulting in six provincial councillors.
The party will run in alliance with Lega Nord in the 2014 European Parliament election.
Popular support.
The electoral results of the party in the Province of Bolzano since 1992 are shown in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="9729071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729071" title="Antoine Dorsaz">
Antoine Dorsaz

Antoine Dorsaz (born 2 March 1989 in Martigny, Valais) is a Swiss pair skater. With former partner Anaïs Morand, he is the 2008–2010 Swiss national champion. 
Career.
Morand and Dorsaz teamed up in 2005. They spent their first two seasons together on the junior circuit. In 2008-9 they competed in both juniors and seniors, finishing 12th at the European Championships and 10th at the World Junior Championships. They were not able to qualify a spot for Switzerland for the Winter Olympics.
Morand and Dorsaz began the 2009-10 season at the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, where they qualified a spot for Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Olympics. They continued to skate on the junior Grand Prix circuit and moved up to 8th at the European Championships. They were 15th at the Olympics and moved up to 13th at Worlds. Dorsaz retired from competitive skating after the 2010 season, citing lack of motivation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9729096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729096" title="American University of Kuwait">
American University of Kuwait

The American University of Kuwait is a private liberal arts institution based on the American model of higher education in Kuwait City, Kuwait. Although established in 2003, the University opened to students, faculty and the general public in September 2004. It is sister colleges with Dartmouth College, in Hanover, New Hampshire. Dr. Winfred Thompson currently serves the office of the President.
Campus.
The AUK campus is located at the intersection of Salem Al Mubarak Street and Amr Ibn Al 'As Street, a major intersection in the upscale shopping and residential district of Salmiya. It is located near several major malls, including the famous Marina World and Al Fanar Mall, as well as bordered by the Hotel Missoni Kuwait and Olympic Council of Asia Headquarters.
Formerly a public high school, the campus was completely rehabilitated, renovated and rebuilt. New buildings and facilities were added in order to bring the university up to standards for its September 2004 opening. In 2006, a five-story building for the Liberal Arts was opened.
The design of the university campus is open, with a large square garden enclosed by buildings, housing offices, and classrooms for the Intensive English Program. There is a building that houses the Library and Administrative facilities, a four-story building for the Sciences section, and a five-story building dedicated to the Liberal Arts. A Kuwaiti-style tent located near the main gate on Salem Al Mubarak Street, known as The Hangout, offers students HD televisions, pool tables, and PS3 and Xbox 360 consoles as a place to interact and relax, as well as a high-speed internet connection which can be hired accordingly. Also available is an American-style diner and Starbucks Coffee. Athletic facilities include tennis, basketball and volleyball courts, as well as a soccer field and fitness center. There are also respective prayer rooms for men and women located near The Hangout.
Faculty and Staff.
The American University of Kuwait boasts a large number of diverse professors hailing from Canada, the US, the UK, and other parts of the world. Unique to other universities, AUK also offers a Student Worker program with students assisting in various departments such as the admissions office, the registrar, faculty offices, and so on. They are required to wear name tags to identify themselves to provide assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="9729131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729131" title="Krystyna Klimczak">
Krystyna Klimczak

Krystyna Klimczak (born September 24, 1992 in Oświęcim, Poland) is a Polish figure skater who has competed as a single skater and pair skater. As a pair skater, she competed with Janusz Karweta. They were the 2007 Polish national silver medalists. They received the host wildcard entry to the 2007-2008 Junior Grand Prix Final, where they placed 9th. Their partnership ended in 2009.
Although they placed ninth on the day, they were later moved up a spot to an eighth place finish at the 2007-2008 Junior Grand Prix Final following the retroactive disqualification of first-place-finishers Vera Bazarova & Yuri Larionov due to a positive doping sample from Larionov.
She competes as a single skater on the national level.

</doc>
<doc id="9729143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729143" title="Janusz Karweta">
Janusz Karweta

Janusz Karweta (born March 20, 1988 in Oświęcim, Poland) is a Polish pair skater. He competes with Krystyna Klimczak. They are the 2007 Polish national silver medalists. They have competed internationally on the junior level at both Junior Grand Prix events and at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships and received the host wildcard entry to the 2007-2008 Junior Grand Prix Final, where they placed 9th. He also competes as a singles skater at the national level.
Although they placed ninth on the day, they were later moved up a spot to an eighth place finish at the 2007-2008 Junior Grand Prix Final following the retroactive disqualification of first-place-finishers Vera Bazarova & Yuri Larionov due to a positive doping sample from Larionov.

</doc>
<doc id="9729154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729154" title="The Matadors">
The Matadors

The Matadors were a beat band from Czechoslovakia. The members were Otto Bezloja (bass guitar, leader), Radim Hladík (lead guitar), Jan "Farmer" Obermayer (organ), Miroslav "Tony Black" Schwarz (drums) as well as Karel Kahovec (vocals, rhythm guitar) and Vladimír Mišík (vocals, bluesharp). The latter two have been replaced in late 1966 by ex-Flamengo Viktor Sodoma jr. (vocals).
The Matadors formed in early 1965 from Fontana (The Fontanas), with members from Pra-Be and Komety (The Comets). Fontana's manager (and until early 1965 also their drummer) Wilfried Jelinek secured a promotional deal with an East German manufacturer of sound equipment and music instruments. Since the group began to use an electronic organ named Matador, they changed their name accordingly to promote it. The Matadors performed exclusively in East Germany until April 1966, their live repertoire consisted mostly of cover versions from popular beat groups like The Who, The Kinks or The Small Faces.
Between 1966 and 1968 Supraphon released two Matadors singles and two EPs, another two tracks appeared on an album compilation. The earlier original compositions were sung by Kahovec ("Sing A Song Of Sixpence", "Snad jednou ti dám") or Mišík ("Malej zvon co mám", "Don't Bother Me", "Old Mother Hubbard"). With lead singer Sodoma they recorded their only album in May and June 1968. "The Matadors" has been released as Supraphon 0130493 (mono)/1130493 (stereo), an export edition with a different sleeve has been released as Supraphon/Artia SUA ST 53992 (stereo) and SUA 13992 (mono). The material on the album includes instrumentals as well as vocal tracks sung in English. They recorded their own songs and covered R&B standards like "I Think It’s Gonna Work Out Fine" or Junior Walker's "Shotgun". The Matadors also covered Smokey Robinson’s "My Girl" and Bob Dylan’s "It’s All Over Now, Baby Blue" in Them's soulful arrangement. Original material includes "Hate Everything Except Of Hatter" , "Indolence" and "Get Down From The Tree", which is featured on Rhino Records’ "Nuggets II" compilation. Hladík, the most inventive Czechoslovak rock guitarist of that time, was hailed as the "Czech Eric Clapton".
The most successful Matadors line-up broke up in summer 1968. Radim Hladík then established Blue Effect (later also known as Modrý Efekt or M Efekt) with the original Matadors lead singer Vladimír Mišík. Jan Obermayer joined Petr Novák's George & Beatovens. Viktor Sodoma jr. pursued a solo career as a pop singer, backed by various groups and orchestras. Best remembered was his 1971-1973 collaboration with Shut Up, later known as the František Ringo Čech Group, with whom he recorded numerous "bubble-gum" singles and one side of his only solo album.
Otto Bezloja and Tony Black briefly reformed the Matadors, joined by ex-Komety lead singer Miloš "Reddy" Vokurka, Jiří Matoušek on organ and Petr Netopil on guitar. In fall 1968 they left to Munich, West Germany where they worked as the house band of a German edition of the Hair musical. In the early 1970s the nucleus of that band evolved to the Germany-based progressive rock group Emergency.
The Matadors reunited in 1991 and made rare public appearances until 2008. Otto Bezloja died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9729161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729161" title="List of university outing clubs">
List of university outing clubs

This is a list of notable collegiate outing (outdoors) clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="9729176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729176" title="Confessor (novel)">
Confessor (novel)

Confessor is the eleventh novel in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series "The Sword of Truth", and the last in the Chainfire trilogy bringing an end to the current story arc involving the Imperial Order. The book was announced on February 20, 2007 on the author's official website. The book was released November 13, 2007.
Plot introduction.
A short plot description of the book was released on the author's official website, which read:
Plot summary.
Richard Rahl, leader of the D'Haran Empire, has been captured by an Imperial Order commander, who lets him (under the guise of Ruben Rybnik) live if he will be the point man for the commander's Ja'La dh Jin team. During Richard's imprisonment, he is warned by a cloaked specter that he is now a player of the Boxes of Orden. Sister Ulicia is also visited by this figure, and is told that the time to open the Boxes has been reset to one year from the first day of winter-the day that Nicci set the Boxes into motion under Richard's name. The witch woman Six steals the third box of Orden from Nicci and Zedd. Zedd discovers that the Wizard's Keep is being affected by the contamination of the chimes, and places a spell to protect it from future damage.
Jagang's excavations in the Azrith Plains reveal catacombs under the People's Palace, which provide a secret entryway. Three Sisters of the Dark enter, killing Ann and capturing Nicci, while soldiers are sent into the catacombs to prepare an attack. The Sisters of the Dark discover what they believe to be the original "Book of Counted Shadows."
Upon a surprise visit from Jagang, who is sizing up the members of rival Ja'La teams, Richard disguises himself by covering the faces and bodies of his teammates and himself with intimidating symbols and parts of spell-forms. His team defeats Jagang's team in the tournament final, but Jagang, refusing to accept his team's loss, announces that the win is invalid. This decision causes a riot in the camp, during which Richard and Nicci escape and Kahlan is 'rescued' by Samuel. Richard and Nicci (helped by Adie) enter to the Palace through the catacombs, where Cara and Nathan help them wipe out the Order forces hiding there.
Rachel is lured into Tamarang by Violet, who has drawn a spell around her that sets 'ghostie gobblies' to destroy her. On her way, she is given a piece of chalk by Shota in disguise as Rachel's mother, and uses this to transfer the spell to Violet. Rachel then restores Richard's gift. She is again visited by the disguised Shota, who sends her to deliver a message with Gratch. Zedd is captured by Six, and discovers that the witch woman is in league with Jagang and has helped attack D'Haran forces in the Old World.
Richard is warned by Nicci that he must not reveal his love for Kahlan to her, lest Kahlan's lost memories alone fail to be restored, much like Richard, in the first book of the series, could not be told before finding the way to intimately love a Confessor while being untouched by her power. He then helps priestess Jillian give the Order's army terrible nightmares. Jagang is given particularly nasty dreams, mostly involving Nicci. Richard is taught many spells and spell-forms by Nicci, and then sends himself to the Underworld, using Denna as a spirit guide, and retrieves everyone's memories of Kahlan, but is attacked by the pursuing beast earlier sent against him, and attempts to escape by releasing Additive Magic into the Underworld, whence he is projected into a gathering of the Mud People. He is greeted by Rachel, who, with Gratch's help, had told the Mud People to hold a gathering to summon him. At the Palace, Nathan assumes Richard is dead and accepts Jagang's terms of surrender, which include surrendering Nicci to Jagang and giving the Order's magicians access to the Garden of Life in order to open the boxes.
Samuel attempts to rape Kahlan; during the struggle, she touches the Sword of Truth, which restores her memory of being a Confessor (though none of her other memories), and releases her power to take control of him. Samuel reveals he is an agent for Six, and that Richard and Kahlan were once married. He then dies when she refuses to forgive his attempt against her. Richard meets Kahlan on the way to Tamarang, but refuses to answer her questions about their marriage, for fear of contaminating the spell upon her. He gives her "Spirit" in compensation.
Six has imprisoned Zedd, Tom, and Rikka, and appears as Richard and Kahlan arrive in Tamarang to rescue them. Shota arrives, in disguise as Six's mother, as Six is about to recapture them. She kills Six and then Richard, Kahlan, and Zedd fly back to the People's Palace on the red dragon Six had enslaved; now revealed to be Scarlet's son Gregory, whom Richard saved as an egg.
At the Palace, Richard allows Jagang and his Sisters of the Dark to open the boxes of Orden. During the ritual, Jagang goes unguarded to Nicci, who locks a Rada'Han around his neck, rendering him powerless, and eventually kills him unceremoniously to prevent his martyrdom.
In the Garden of Life, the Sisters of the Dark discover the correct box and open it; however, they find a flaw in their success. Richard explains that all of the "Books of Counted Shadows" were false keys to the boxes; whereas if they had the true key, they would still fail by reason of malicious intent. Immediately, the Sisters are drawn into the Underworld.
Richard explains that the true key to the Magic of Orden is the Sword of Truth. Kahlan tells Richard she loves him, revealing that her emotions have contaminated her chances of regaining memory. Richard uses the Sword to reveal the correct box and then to capture its magic. Now in command of life and death, he uses the magic to send the followers of the Order to a new world, devoid of magic; he then sends his half-sister Jennsen, her compatriots the Bandakar, and her suitor Tom after them. He also uses Orden to repair the damage caused by the chimes, and to send Chainfire to the new world he has created, ensuring the complete removal of magic from that world, and removing all its inhabitants' memories of their previous world. As Richard goes to close the opening between worlds, he fears Kahlan is lost to him; she, however, replies that she was protected from this loss because she had fallen in love with him on her own, much as he had with her from the beginning.
An epilogue shows Tom and Jennsen expecting a child, who will carry the Rahl name, and shows the emigrants gradually forgetting Richard and everything from their previous world. The book ends with the marriage of Cara and General Meiffert. It is revealed that the Sisters of the Light have moved into the Wizard's Keep, where along with Zedd, they can continue to teach young wizards. Chase (now a Warden of the Keep) and his family have also moved into the Keep, as have Adie and Friedrich, who are now a mated pair. Under Zedd's questions, Richard admits taking Panis Rahl's spell from red fruit, so that it is no longer poison, and to bringing back the Temple of the Winds to the world of the living. After Cara and Benjamin's wedding, the devotion bells begin to ring. Richard prevents the people from kneeling, arguing that they are no longer his subjects.
Cover art.
Cover artist Keith Parkinson died before "Confessor" was published, but had created art for all the books in the saga beforehand. Author Terry Goodkind had the following to say: "When Keith and I were working on cover concepts for "Chainfire" he came up with a number of color roughs that, because of their simple, iconic nature were very close to being final. At the time I recognized three of these roughs as perfect for the Chainfire Trilogy. That means that the final book of the series had already been done by him before he passed away so that is the cover that will appear on the book."
Wizard's Eleventh Rule.
The eleventh and final rule that appears in "The Sword of Truth" series is revealed in "Confessor" to be an unwritten rule. The reason is explained through the character Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander:
Richard goes through great struggle to obtain a book left for him by Baraccus, a great wizard from the past. The book entitled "Secrets to a War Wizard's power" is a means for him to understand how to use his gift and therefore is in essence the solution to major problems. When he obtains the book, its pages are blank and Zedd informs him that Baraccus left it blank to illustrate the meaning of the phrase "rule unwritten". Using this knowledge Richard reasons that the "Book of Counted Shadows" could not be the key to the boxes of Orden, and that the Sword of Truth was the only way to harness Orden's power. As far as the knowledge within the book was concerned, there was "nothing in it", much like Richard's "Secrets to a War Wizard's Power". The Sword of Truth, representative of its namesake, was key to life.
The secret to Richard's power is that he seeks the truth. In seeking truth he turns a blind eye to corrupt ideas and embraces the essence of life itself. The Sisters of the Dark assumed the truth to be what they had always been told by others and never thought to verify it themselves, and died for it; but would never have been able to access the power by reason of acting in hate. Richard, on the other hand, intended to use the power to help those he cared about and thus had the ability to harness the power.

</doc>
<doc id="9729188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729188" title="Zoltan David">
Zoltan David

Zoltán Dávid (1955) is a Hungarian-born American jewelry designer based in Texas. His business, "Zoltan David Precious Metal Art", opened in 1980 and has focused on individually crafted one-off pieces. On August 27, 1988, he was knighted by the Hungarian nation in honour of his father, Zoltan David I.
In November 2003 David was awarded a patent from the USPO for an inlay technique first developed in 2000 which created hard-wearing, three-dimensional raised patterns in precious metal, such as platinum inlaid with gold. He has also patented a design for convertible hoop earrings called the 'Dangelier' which can be dismantled to be worn in three different ways, and was one of the first to decorate the metal under the stone in a ring, although he did not patent this technique. In a departure from jewelry, David collaborated with the guitarist Lance Keltner to co-design a guitar slide which is, as of 2012, patent-pending.
As of 2012 David has also launched a leather goods line, designing belts which he retails alongside his jewelry.
Awards.
Among the multiple national and international industry design awards David has won are:

</doc>
<doc id="9729189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729189" title="Replication (optical media)">
Replication (optical media)

In optical disc manufacturing, replication is the process of producing discs via methods that do not involve "burning" blank CD, DVD or other discs; the latter is known as duplication.
The replication of optical discs involves:

</doc>
<doc id="9729199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729199" title="Visionintoart">
Visionintoart

VisionIntoArt is a non-profit new music and interdisciplinary arts production company in New York City. The group was founded in 1999 by Nora Kroll-Rosenbaum and Paola Prestini, while students at the Juilliard School.
History.
VIA’s first performance was in a dance studio at Juilliard in 1998 when a group of dancers, musicians, actors, and filmmakers sought to create performance work that investigated world culture. They have since performed and toured globally at venues such as Lincoln Center, Symphony Space, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, the Whitney Museum, and at international festivals. VIA has won numerous awards and grants from organizations such as LMCC, the Nathan Cummings Foundation, the Council on Foundations, and the American Music Center. During the first ten years, the group toured and performed with artists across a wide array of mediums such as poet Roger Bonair-Agard, artist Erika Harrsch, and videographer Carmen Kordas. VIA has recently restructured the organization, acting as a production organization and less as a performance ensemble. 2009 saw the first collaboration between Beth Morrison Projects, Opera on Tap and VisionIntoArt for a production of 21c Liederabend, an evening of song by 21st-century composers. And in 2011, the organization announced its first grants program under the name The Balsamo Career Grant as well as a residency program produced in coordination with Under the Volcano, a writers workshop located in Tepoztlán, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9729203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729203" title="IT8">
IT8

IT8 is a set of American National Standards Institute (ANSI) standards for color communications and control specifications. Formerly governed by the IT8 Committee, IT8 activities were merged with those of the Committee for Graphics Arts Technologies Standards (CGATS) in 1994.
Standards list.
The following is a list of the IT8 standards, according to the NPES Standards Blue Book:
IT8.6 - 2002 - Graphic technology - Prepress digital data exchange - Diecutting data (DDES3).
This standard establishes a data exchange format to
enable transfer of numerical control information between diecutting systems and electronic prepress systems.
The information will typically consist of numerical control information used in the manufacture of dies. 37 pp.
IT8.7/1 - 1993 (R2003) - Graphic technology - Color transmission target for input scanner calibration.
This standard defines an input test target that will allow any
color input scanner to be calibrated with any film dye set used to create the target. It is intended to address the color transparency products that
are generally used for input to the preparatory process for printing and publishing. This standard defines the layout and colorimetric values of
a target that can be manufactured on any positive color transparency film and that is intended for use in the calibration of a photographic
film/scanner combination. 32 pp.
IT8.7/2 - 1993 (R2003) Graphic technology - Color reflection target for input scanner calibration.
This standard defines an input test target that will allow any
color input scanner to be calibrated with any film dye set used to create the target. It is intended to address the color photographic paper
products that are generally used for input to the preparatory process for printing and publishing. It defines the layout and colorimetric values of
the target that can be manufactured on any color photographic paper and is intended for use in the calibration of a photographic paper/scanner
combination. 29 pp.
IT8.7/3 - 1993 (R2003) Graphic technology - Input data for characterization of 4-color process printing.
The purpose of this standard is to specify an input data
file, a measurement procedure and an output data format to characterize any four-color printing process. The output data (characterization) file
should be transferred with any four-color (cyan, magenta, yellow and black) halftone image files to enable a color transformation to be
undertaken when required. 29 pp.
Targets.
Calibrating all devices involved in the process chain (original, scanner/digital camera, monitor/printer) is required for an authentic color reproduction, because their actual color spaces differ device-specifically from the reference color spaces.
An IT8 calibration is done with what are called IT8 targets, which are defined by the IT8 standards.
Special targets, implementing the IT8.7/1 (transparent target) or IT8.7/2 (reflective target) standards, are needed for calibrating scanners. These targets consists of 24 grey fields and 264 color fields in 22 columns:
After scanning such a target, an ICC profile gets calculated on the basis of reference values. This profile is used for all subsequent scans and assures color fidelity.

</doc>
<doc id="9729212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729212" title="Scott Y. Thomson">
Scott Y. Thomson

Scott Thomson (born 8 November 1966 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former professional football goalkeeper, who most prominently played for the Raith Rovers side that won the 1994 Scottish League Cup Final. Since retiring as a player, he has worked as a goalkeeping coach.
Playing career.
Thomson started his professional career at Dundee United. He made his first team debut on 2 May 1987 in a 2–1 victory at Tannadice against Hibernian, but went on to play just five other first team games for the club before being loaned out to Barnsley. He signed for Forfar Athletic in 1991 before joining Raith Rovers in 1993.
During his time at Stark's Park, Thomson played in over 100 first team games, winning the Scottish Football League First Division and Scottish League Cup. Thomson famously saved the decisive penalty kick from Paul McStay in the 1994 Scottish League Cup Final. He had been sent off in the semi-final against Airdrie; substitute Brian Potter saved a penalty that allowed Raith to progress to the final. Thomson played a key role as Raith set up a lucrative UEFA Cup tie against Bayern Munich.
He then went on to have spells at Hull City and Motherwell before joining Airdrieonians in 1998. Thomson finished his career playing at Dunfermline Athletic, where he played alongside Scott M. Thomson, although part of his final season was spent on loan at Brechin City.
Coaching.
Thomson was giving his first coaching job at Dunfermline Athletic while still technically registered as a player. It was here that Thomson forged a special bond with striker Craig Brewster and goalkeeper Derek Stillie, who he would later join up with at Dundee United when Brewster was made player/manager. He remained as goalkeeping coach under Craig Levein after the departure of Brewster and Stillie. Thomson was released from his contract in May 2009 after Levein stated his intention to appoint an experienced player who could also coach, rather than a specialist coach like Thomson. Thomson was then hired by Hibernian to serve as their goalkeeping coach, replacing Gordon Marshall. He left Hibernian in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9729228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729228" title="Jeff Radebe">
Jeff Radebe

Jeffrey Thamsanqa "Jeff" Radebe (born 18 February 1953) is a South African politician who has served in the government of South Africa as Minister in the Presidency since 2014. Previously he was Minister of Justice and Constitutional Development from 2009 to 2014. Radebe is South Africa's longest continuously serving cabinet member, having been part of every national administration since 1994 and under every post-apartheid President.
Education and personal.
Radebe was born in Cato Manor, and lived there until 1958 when his family was forcibly removed to KwaMashu. He is married to Bridgette Radebe, South Africa's first black female mining entrepreneur and sister of the billionaire mining magnate, Patrice Motsepe. He studied towards a law degree at the University of Zululand, and finished an LLM in International Law at the Karl Marx University in Leipzig in 1981.
ANC history.
Radebe joined the African National Congress (ANC) in 1976, while he was a student. In 1977 the ANC sent Radebe to Mozambique, and soon after to Tanzania where he worked as a journalist for a radio station in Dar es Salaam. After an unsuccessful secret mission by the ANC, Radebe was arrested in 1986, and was convicted under the Terrorism Act of the then Apartheid government. He was sentenced to a 10-year imprisonment on Robben Island. After a successful 12 day hunger strike, Radebe was released from prison in 1990.
After the 1994 democratic elections, Radebe served as Minister of Public Works under Nelson Mandela. Under the leadership of Thabo Mbeki, Radebe served as Minister of Public Enterprises (1999–2004) and Minister of Transport (2004–2009). As Minister of Transport, Radebe was actively involved in the Arrive Alive campaign that strives to minimize road accidents.
On 26 February 2007, Radebe was appointed acting Minister of Health due to the ongoing ill health of Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang. He was subsequently succeeded in that position by Barbara Hogan.
He is South Africa's Minister in the Presidency and in charge of the National Development Program.

</doc>
<doc id="9729230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729230" title="Home-Start International">
Home-Start International

Home-Start International is a worldwide family support organization. Home-Start works with people who have parenting experience to support local parents. 
Home-Start schemes have been established in Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Greece, Hungary, Republic of Ireland, Israel, Kenya, Lithuania, Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Uganda and the United Kingdom. Each national Home-Start scheme or association will support families with at least one child under five.
History.
The original Home-Start programme was set up in Leicester, UK in 1973 by Margaret Harrison. John Bowlby describes it as a "home-visiting scheme which offers support, friendship, and practical assistance to young families experiencing difficulties. It is staffed by volunteers who work in close liaison with the related statuary services and who also receive support and guidance from a professional. All visits are by invitation of the family and on their own terms. There are no contracts and no time limits". He says "Often visiting is started whilst a mother is still pregnant. Most of those visited are young, impulsive, and dreadfully isolated and have never experienced affection, care, or security. In such cases the principal role of the volunteer is to mother the mother and so, by example, to encourage her to mother her own child. She will also talk and play with the children, again providing the mother with an example she has never had."
An evaluation of the pioneer project surveyed a random sample of one in five of 288 families visited and on a 3-point scale (no change, some change, considerable change) 85% of the families surveyed claimed considerable change and only two believed there was no change. The health visitors were almost as enthusiastic and even half of the volunteers claimed considerable change. It is not considered suitable in cases of chronic mental illness, serious degenerative illness, recidivism or people intent on children being admitted to care.
It became a national organisation in 1981 with 9 branches (now over 300) and Home Start International was founded in 1998. It now has branches in 22 countries on 5 continents. Margaret Harrison's account "Hooray! Here Comes Tuesday: The Home-start Story" was published by Bamaha Publishing in 2003 and she was awarded a CBE in recognition of her work for the community.
Organization.
Home-Start International is a non-profit organisation constituted as a charity in the UK (UK charity number 1076991). 
Around the world, Home-Start supports families through local schemes, recruiting volunteers and staff locally. Many schemes are run as independent charities or non-profit organisations, with their own independent management committees or boards. 
The majority of schemes are also part of a national association, which is itself generally an independent charity or non-profit organisation. Governance structures vary from country to country, but all Home-Start national associations have professional staff and a management committee or board.
Funding.
Home-Start International is largely funded by philanthropic trusts and foundations and by corporate partners. In 2007-08 major funders include The Oak Foundation, The Stavros Niarchos Foundation and The Vodafone Group Foundation.
Home-Start schemes and national associations around the world are funded by a mix of private, corporate, government and philanthropic giving.

</doc>
<doc id="9729233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729233" title="List of castles in Korea">
List of castles in Korea

Korea has a variety of castles, including "Sanseong" (Mountain fortress), "Jinseong" (Camp fortress), and "Eupseong" (City fortress). This is a list of notable castles.

</doc>
<doc id="9729242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729242" title="Beycik, Kemer">
Beycik, Kemer

Beycik is a village of Kemer District, Antalya Province, Turkey. It is located southwest of Antalya. The population is 326, as of 2000.
Beycik is situated in the Olympos National Park, in the foothills of Mount Olympos (2,400 m) and at an altitude of 450 m to 1,000 m. Noteworthy tourist attractions in the vicinity are Phaselis and Tekirova. The distance to the city of Antalya is 65 km and to the tourist town of Kemer is 22 km.

</doc>
<doc id="9729266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729266" title="Ina Demireva">
Ina Demireva

Ina Demireva, married name Lutai, (born 17 February 1989) is a Bulgarian former competitive ice dancer. With Juri Kurakin, she is the 2006 Bulgarian national silver medalist. Demireva also competed with Nikolai Bakolov and Tsvetan Georgiev.
Demireva is the younger sister of World champion ice dancer Albena Denkova. In April 2010, she married Russian single skater Andrei Lutai. Their daughter, Sylvia, was born in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9729274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729274" title="Guided affective imagery">
Guided affective imagery

Guided affective imagery (GAI; also known as katathym imaginative psychotherapy) is a method of psychotherapy. It is a therapeutic technique in which a facilitator uses descriptive language intended to psychologically benefit mental imagery, often involving several or all senses, in the mind of the listener. In this method, the imagination plays an important role together with discussions with the client. It was developed by German psychiatrist Hanscarl Leuner, based on his research in guided mental imagery, "catathymic influences" (the interaction of mental contents and emotional processes), dreams and daydreams.

</doc>
<doc id="9729281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729281" title="Juri Kurakin">
Juri Kurakin

Juri Kurakin (born 3 August 1987) is an Estonian ice dancer who has competed for Estonia, Bulgaria, and currently Austria. Early in his career, he competed with Alexandra Baurina for Estonia. He teamed up with Ina Demireva in 2005 and skated for Bulgaria with her. They are the 2006 Bulgarian national silver medalists. In 2010, he teamed up with Czech skater Barbora Silná to compete for Austria.
His older brother Dmitri Kurakin, who competed internationally for Estonia and Germany, is also an ice dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9729294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729294" title="It's About Time (Jonas Brothers album)">
It's About Time (Jonas Brothers album)

"It's About Time" is the debut studio album from the Jonas Brothers. It was released on August 8, 2006 on Columbia Records. The album was successful in the Christian genre and was released in Christian bookstores through INO Records. Later an amended version of the album was released through Daylight Records with three songs removed and replaced by three others. A DualDisc of this version of the album was also released.
The album is currently out of print, so copies of it are rare and expensive, but both versions are available on eBay and on digital download. 
One of the songs on the album, "Time for Me to Fly", was featured in the film "Aquamarine" in 2006.
"Mandy" was the first single and was released in the United States on December 27, 2005. It was written about a friend and featured on ', the soundtrack for the show, "Zoey 101", and featured in the TV movie, '.
After Columbia Records dropped the group from their roster list, they signed with Hollywood. Hollywood received the rights to distribute the single "Year 3000" which was also released on the group's first Hollywood Records album.
The album also managed to sell 62000 copies in the US, including all of the CD copies of the album shipped by Columbia Records.
In August 2012, the Jonas Brothers announced the vinyl re-release of the album exclusively in the 2012 gift for premium members of Team Jonas along with a digital download with each vinyl album. The songs "What I Go to School For" and "Year 3000" are covers originally by former English pop rock band Busted.
Music videos.
These are the three videos made for the song 'Mandy' by the Jonas Brothers, directed by Ondi Timoner.
Episode 1: (Filmed at Pasadena High School in Pasadena, California). The school bell rings and everyone leaves. Nick notices Mandy has dropped her phone. He picks it up and rushes through the hallway. In the parking lot he sees Mandy with her boyfriend (played by Roderick Galloway) and his friends. Nick runs up and gives Mandy her phone. Mandy's boyfriend follows Nick after school, chasing him down the street in his car.
Episode 2: Nick runs onto the sidewalk and Mandy's boyfriend gets out of his car to look for him. He eventually gives up, only to see Nick in a car with his brothers, Joe and Kevin, who drive by, laughing. Later that night, Mandy and her boyfriend are at the homecoming dance and are announced as homecoming King and Queen. The Brothers are also there. Mandy tries to leave, but her boyfriend grabs her and kisses her ferociously. She pulls away and runs outside, then faced with the Brothers, who offer her a ride home. Mandy's boyfriend watches them drive off. She walks in her house and she and her dad start fighting. Mandy runs out and her boyfriend and his friends pull up beside The Brothers; Mandy is unsure what to do.
Episode 3: The next day Mandy is out with her boyfriend, who is crushing a mailbox with a baseball bat. Later, at school, Mandy returns a necklace to her boyfriend, and appears to be breaking up with him. She finds Joe and Nick sitting by a tree, and the three engage in light conversation. Her ex-boyfriend sees this and threateningly approaches. Mandy runs off to find Kevin. Mandy and Kevin get in his car and ride to where Nick and Joe are. Nick and Joe get in the car and speed off. The Brothers pick up two more girls and they all wave to Mandy's ex-boyfriend. They all go to a building where the Brothers play the song. The episode ends with a sly, "The End?".
Tours.
On November 5, 2005, Jonas Brothers began their first tour in support of the album. A second tour, Jonas Brothers American Club Tour promoted abstinence from illegal drugs. The tour consisted of gigs in clubs, and with small crowds. The tour started on January 28, 2006 and ended on March 3, 2006 with a total of 28 shows.
2012 Vinyl Re-release.
On August 2012, news broke out from the Jonas Brothers about the vinyl edition re-release of "It's About Time" exclusively for Team Jonas members. The vinyl re-release of the album was made available as an exclusive gift for renewing or new premium members of Team Jonas upon payment in 2012. The vinyl album also includes a digital download of the album and a thank you note from Kevin, Joe and Nick. Select copies were autographed by the brothers and mailed out randomly along with one of three Jonas Brothers turntables by Crossley Turntables.

</doc>
<doc id="9729299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729299" title="Jonas Brothers">
Jonas Brothers

The Jonas Brothers were an American pop rock band. Formed in 2005, they gained popularity from the Disney Channel children's television network and consists of three brothers from Wyckoff, New Jersey; Paul Kevin Jonas II, Joseph Adam Jonas and Nicholas Jerry Jonas. In the summer of 2008 they starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock" and its sequel, "". They also starred as Kevin, Joe, and Nick Lucas, the band JONAS, in their own Disney Channel series "JONAS", which was later re-branded for its second season as "Jonas L.A." The show was eventually cancelled after two seasons. The band released four albums: "It's About Time" (2006), "Jonas Brothers" (2007), "A Little Bit Longer" (2008), and "Lines, Vines and Trying Times" (2009).
In 2008, the group was nominated for the Best New Artist award at the 51st Grammy Awards and won the award for Breakthrough Artist at the American Music Awards. As of May 2009, before the release of "Lines, Vines and Trying Times", they have sold over eight million albums worldwide. After a hiatus during 2010 and 2011 to pursue solo-projects, the group reconciled in 2012 to record a new album, which was cancelled following their break-up on October 29, 2013.
They have sold over 17 million albums worldwide.
History and music career.
1999–2005: Nick Jonas - Discovery and solo album.
The band started as a solo project for Nick Jonas. At the age of 7, Nicholas began performing on Broadway. He has acted in several plays, including "A Christmas Carol" (in 2000 as Tiny Tim and as Scrooge at eight), "Annie Get Your Gun" (in 2001 as Little Jake), "Beauty and the Beast" (in 2002 as Chip), and "Les Misérables" (in 2003 as Gavroche). After "Les Misérables" closed, he performed in "The Sound of Music" (as Kurt) at the Paper Mill Playhouse.
In 2002 while performing in "Beauty and the Beast", Nick had written a song with his father called "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)". With background vocals from the "Beauty and the Beast" cast, Nick performed the song on the 2002 annual Broadway "Equity Fights AIDS" album, "Broadway's Greatest Gifts: Carols for a Cure, Vol. 4". In November 2003, INO Records received a demo copy of "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)". The label released the song to Christian radio, where it quickly became popular on Record & Radio's Christian Adult Contemporary Chart. While Nick was working on his solo project, Joe followed in his footsteps to Broadway, appearing in Baz Luhrmann's production of "La bohème". According to Nick, this was also the first year the brothers started writing songs together.
By September 2004, an executive at Columbia Records found out about Nick's song. Nick was soon jointly signed to INO Records and Columbia Records and released the single "Dear God". A second single, a new solo recording of "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)", was released on November 16. It was supposed to be followed by a December release of a self-titled solo album "Nicholas Jonas", but the album had been pushed back; it did, however, get a limited release. Nick, along with his brothers, Kevin and Joe, had written several other songs for the album. In early 2005, Columbia Records' new president, Steve Greenberg, listened to Nick's record. Greenberg liked Nick's voice. After meeting with Nick and hearing the song "Please Be Mine", written and performed by the brothers, Daylight/Columbia Records decided to sign the three as a group act.
2005–06: "It's About Time".
After being signed to Columbia, the brothers considered naming their group "Sons of Jonas" before settling on the name "Jonas Brothers." Throughout 2005, the Jonas Brothers had gone on several tours, opening for various artists including, Jump5, Kelly Clarkson, Jesse McCartney, the Backstreet Boys, and The Click Five. They spent the latter portion of the year on an tour with Aly & AJ and The Cheetah Girls. Additionally, they opened for The Veronicas in early 2006. For the album, titled "It's About Time", the band collaborated with several writers, including Adam Schlesinger (Fountains of Wayne), Michael Mangini (Joss Stone), Desmond Child (Aerosmith, Bon Jovi), Billy Mann (Destiny's Child, Jessica Simpson) and Steve Greenberg. The album was initially supposed to be released in February 2006, but was pushed back several times. The delay was due to executive changes at Sony (the parent company of Columbia) and the executives' desire to have "another lead single" on the album. For the album, the Jonas Brothers covered two hit songs by UK band Busted – "Year 3000" and "What I Go to School For".
The Jonas Brothers' first single, "Mandy", was released on December 27, 2005. Its music video was shown on MTV's "Total Request Live" on February 22, 2006 and reached number four. Another song, "Time for Me to Fly", was released on the "Aquamarine" soundtrack, also in February. In March, "Mandy" was featured in the Nickelodeon television film ' and the ' soundtrack album, with Nicholas Jonas listed as the artist name. The group's music was also featured on Cartoon Network's "Cartoon Cartoon Fridays". The band covered "Yo Ho (A Pirate's Life for Me)" from "Pirates of the Caribbean" for the "Disneymania 4" album, released on April 4, 2006. Over the summer of 2006, the Jonas Brothers went on tour with Aly & AJ. The Jonas Brothers also created the theme song for the second season of "", airing from June 2006 to September 2007 on the Disney Channel.
"It's About Time" was finally released on August 8, 2006. According to the band's manager, it was only a "limited release" of 50,000 copies, so the album can be bid on auction sites like eBay for up to $200–$300 USD. Because Sony was not interested in further promoting the band, the Jonas Brothers then considered switching labels. On October 3, 2006, Nick's 2004 solo single, "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)", was re-released on "Joy to the World: The Ultimate Christmas Collection". Also in October, the Jonas Brothers covered "Poor Unfortunate Souls" from "The Little Mermaid". Along with a music video, the song was released on a two-disc special-edition release of "The Little Mermaid" soundtrack. The second single from "It's About Time" was "Year 3000, which music video premiered on Disney Channel in January 2007. The band was ultimately dropped by Columbia Records in early 2007.
2007–08: "Jonas Brothers".
After being without a label, the Jonas Brothers signed with Hollywood Records in February 2007. Around the same time, the brothers began appearing in commercials for Baby Bottle Pops, singing the jingle. On March 24, two additional songs on two different albums were released: "Kids of the Future", from the "Meet the Robinsons" soundtrack (based on Kim Wilde's "Kids in America"), and "I Wanna Be Like You", from "Disneymania 5".
The Jonas Brothers made their first appearance at the White House on Monday, April 9, 2007, during the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, where they sang the National Anthem. They returned on Wednesday June 27, 2007, during a Celebrating Women in Sports Tee Ball game on the South Lawn. They sang the National Anthem, and, after the game, the Jonas Brothers entertained at the picnic-reception with a selection of their hits. Their self-titled second album was released on August 7, 2007. It reached number five on the Billboard Hot 200 chart in its first week. Two singles with music videos were also released around this time — "Hold On" two weeks before, and "S.O.S." 4 days before the release of the album.
In August, the Jonas Brothers made several appearances on television. On August 17, they guest-starred in an episode of the Disney Channel show "Hannah Montana" titled "Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas." They also performed "We Got the Party" with Miley Cyrus in the episode, which premiered after "High School Musical 2" and was viewed by 10.7 million people that night. On August 24, the Jonas Brothers performed two songs at the Miss Teen USA contest. The following day, the closing ceremonies of the Disney Channel Games aired, featuring a performance from the Jonas Brothers. The games were taped on April 27, 2007 in Orlando, Florida. On August 26, the Jonas Brothers co-presented an award with Miley Cyrus at the Teen Choice Awards. On November 18, 2007, they performed at the American Music Awards, performing the song "S.O.S." On November 22, the brothers appeared in the 81st annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. For their final performance of 2007, the three brothers performed their singles "Hold On" and "S.O.S." at "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve". The Jonas Brothers kicked off their Look Me In The Eyes Tour on January 31, 2008 in Tucson, Arizona. They performed several new songs on the tour that were slated to be on their third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer".
2008–09: "A Little Bit Longer".
The Jonas Brothers' third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer", was released in the United States on August 12, 2008. On June 24, 2008, iTunes announced that it would release four songs from "A Little Bit Longer", one roughly every two weeks. The purchase of each of the songs applies to the cost of the entire album, which could be purchased via iTunes' Complete the Album feature after release. Each song released also featured a podcast. The schedule: June 24, 2008 for "Burnin' Up"; July 15, 2008, for "Pushin' Me Away"; July 29, 2008, for "Tonight"; and August 5, 2008 for "A Little Bit Longer." All of them have occupied the number 1 spot on iTunes for at least three days.
After the Look Me In The Eyes Tour ended on March 22, 2008, the Jonas Brothers announced that they would be opening up for Avril Lavigne's Best Damn Tour along with Boys Like Girls, but only on the second leg of the tour in Europe which lasted from late May to late June 2008. While filming the film "Camp Rock", the Jonas Brothers co-wrote and co-produced six songs for fellow Disney Channel star and close friend Demi Lovato, for her upcoming album, "Don't Forget". Lovato retooled some of her songs to give it the Disney Signature. "I (Lovato) tend to write songs that are, I guess, a little bit more intense and less catchy, and I needed help writing catchy songs", she said, adding that the album also features a guest spot from Rooney frontman Robert Schwartzman. "So that's where they came in. I put a lot of my musical input and lyrics into these songs, and they just helped me with hooks and stuff like that."
"I'm more of a writer whose stuff wouldn't make it on a Disney album. It's too dark..." The album was released on September 23, 2008. The brothers also helped produce Lovato's album.
A soundtrack was released for the film "Camp Rock" on June 17, 2008. It debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 with 188,000 copies sold in its first week. During the summer of 2008, the Jonas Brothers started their North American tour, the Burnin' Up Tour, promoting "A Little Bit Longer" and the soundtrack to "Camp Rock", performing songs from previous albums as well: "It's About Time" and "Jonas Brothers". The tour kicked off July 4, 2008, at Molson Amphitheatre in Toronto. A Disney Digital 3-D production crew filmed the two shows of their Burnin' Up Tour in Anaheim on July 13 and July 14, 2008, including a performance by Lovato with the Jonas Brothers on "This Is Me" and Taylor Swift with the brothers on "Should've Said No". Both shows and additional footage recorded while on tour were used for the theatrical release of their 3D concert biopic "" on February 22, 2009. On July 14, Nick Jonas announced on stage that the band had already written five songs for their fourth studio album (third with Hollywood Records).
The band was featured in the July 2008 issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine, and became the youngest band to be on the cover of the magazine. The Jonas Brothers visited downtown Cleveland, Ohio's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before their sold-out concert on the evening of August 22, 2008, at Blossom Music Center. The band presented the suits and pants they wore on the cover artwork of "A Little Bit Longer" to Jim Henke, vice president of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The suits are part of the "Right Here, Right Now!" exhibit, which includes some of today's most popular artists. In December 2008, the Jonas Brothers were nominated for the Best New Artist award at the 51st Grammy Awards. It was confirmed that the brothers were collaborating with R&B producer Timbaland on a song called "Dumb" for his new album "Shock Value 2". In an interview, Chris Brown told "JustJared.com" that he was collaborating with the Jonas Brothers. Brown said, "I'm possibly doing something with them. If they want me on the record, I'll stay on the record, but I just wanted to write a record for those guys." The Jonas Brothers appeared as musical guest on "Saturday Night Live"'s 34th season on February 14, 2009, making their "SNL" debut; this performance/appearance is the only time they have been on the show.
2009: "Lines, Vines and Trying Times".
The brothers finished recording their fourth studio album, "Lines, Vines and Trying Times", they began to talk about the album in the beginning of 2009. They said on several occasions that they have been working on writing and recording songs since their Burnin' Up tour in mid-2008. On March 11, 2009, the Jonas Brothers announced that their fourth studio album, "Lines, Vines and Trying Times", would be released on June 15, 2009.
Nick said about the title in the interview with "Rolling Stone" that, "Lines are something that someone feeds you, vines are the things that get in the way, and trying times, well, that's obvious."
Nick Jonas told Billboard, "We're trying to learn as much as we can, continuing to grow." Kevin added, "The overall message is its the same old Jonas Brothers, in a sense, but we're adding more and more music, including different musical instruments that are going to add and build to the sound we already have." Nick also said the songs on the album are "our journal in songs, about all things we've gone through, personal experiences we get inspiration from. We've also been working on trying to use metaphors.. to kind of mask a literal thing that happens to us."
The band also announced on March 11, 2009 that they will be embarking on a world tour in mid-2009. They were joined by the popular Korean girl band Wonder Girls, who debuted in America, as their opening act.
Before the release of "Lines, Vines and Trying Times", they released two singles, "Paranoid" (a month before) and "Fly with Me" (7 days before). "Lines, Vines and Trying Times" became their second number 1 album. It debuted at number-one and dropped to the second position on its second week. On July 7, 2009, the Jonas Brothers announced that they have signed Honor Society to the record label they started with Hollywood Records. A month later, "Send It On" was released on Radio Disney. The radio single was performed with Selena Gomez, Miley Cyrus, and Demi Lovato for Disney's Friends for Change.
Disney Channel premiered the song's music video on August 14, 2009. On August 9, 2009, the Jonas Brothers hosted and performed on the 2009 Teen Choice Awards. Hollywood Records announced via YouTube Demi Lovato and Jonas Brothers' .
2010–present: "Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam", "LiVe" and split.
Joe was a guest judge on "American Idol" during the Dallas auditions. The episode aired January 27, 2010. They also reprised their roles in ', the sequel to Camp Rock. It aired on Disney Channel on September 3, 2010. The movie was filmed all around Ontario, Canada. Production on the film began on September 3, 2009 and wrapped on October 16, 2009. Nick formed his own blues rock band as a side project called Nick Jonas and the Administration. The band consists of former members of The New Power Generation. In late 2010, the Brothers took part in a concert at the White House honoring Paul McCartney's reception of a Gershwin Prize for Popular Music by U.S. President Barack Obama. As a personal request from McCartney, they covered "Drive My Car" from The Beatles' "Rubber Soul". On December 2011, a new song leaked on the internet marking the first time the brothers collaborated since '. The new song is called "Dance Until Tomorrow". Kevin hinted that the band's reunion was quickly approaching, as he told People magazine: "I think the tides are perfectly lining up for the future of the Jonas Brothers again". On March 6, 2012, the Jonas Brothers released a video on Twitter of them in their home studio, along with the hashtag "#JonasBrothers2012", suggesting that a reunion was occurring. Joe was on tour promoting his debut solo album, while Nick starred the revival of "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying" on Broadway.
On May 1, 2012, the Jonas Brothers announced that they had parted ways with Hollywood Records, who had been their label since February 2007 and had released their previous three albums. Hollywood Records stated that the split was amicable, calling their work with the Jonas Brothers "amazing successful" and that they "wish Nick, Joe, and Kevin all the best in their future endeavors". The split caused Jonas Records to become defunct. On August 19, 2012, Kevin began appearing in an E! reality series, alongside his wife Danielle and brothers Nick and Joe. Married to Jonas documents the young couple's domestic life as well as the brothers' recording efforts as they prepare to release their newest album. On August 17, 2012, Ryan Seacrest announced on "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" the first Jonas Brothers reunion concert after a long absence since "" and "Jonas L.A.". In September 2012, the brothers announced two concerts in Russia that took place in Saint Petersburg and Moscow on November 6, 2012 and November 8, 2012, respectively. On September 23, 2012, they announced that the release of a new single is imminent. On September 25, 2012, two concerts in the Philippines and one in Malaysia were announced. On October 3, 2012, a preview of the song "Meet You In Paris" was released on Cambio after a preview of the song premiered on "Married to Jonas".
Their reunion concert, which had been announced in August 2012, took place on October 11, 2012 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, where they performed several songs from their previous albums along with a new song entitled "Let's Go" from their fifth studio album. During the reunion concert, they also performed a new song entitled "Wedding Bells". Another new song, entitled "First Time" was also debuted during the reunion concert. On October 29, 2012, it was announced that the Jonas Brothers would hold two concerts at the Pantages Theatre in Los Angeles. A third date was announced on November 2, 2012. The concerts took place on November 27, 28, and 29, 2012, respectively. They performed at Jingle Ball at L.A. Live on December 1, 2012, and have announced several tour dates to take place in South America in February and March 2013 as part of their 2012/2013 World Tour, their first concert tour since their 2010 World Tour. They performed at the Viña del Mar International Song Festival on February 28, 2013 in Chile.
Their fifth studio album, which will be their first not to be released through Hollywood Records since 2006 and their first record since 2009's "Lines, Vines and Trying Times", was scheduled to be released in 2013. The lead single, "Pom Poms" was released on April 2, 2013. The music video for the song was filmed in February 2013 in New Orleans, Louisiana and premiered on E! on April 2, 2013. "First Time", the second single from their fifth album, was released on June 25, 2013. On July 10, 2013, the group announced that their fifth studio album would be titled "V" (pronounced: "Five"), the Roman numeral for five.
On October 9, 2013, the group cancelled their highly anticipated comeback tour days before it was slated to start, citing a "deep rift within the band" over "creative differences". Following the tour cancellation, the Jonas Brothers' Twitter page went offline and the brothers' individual accounts became temporarily obsolete; causing several media outlets to report that a break-up was imminent. On October 29, 2013, the Jonas Brothers officially confirmed their split and announced that the release of "V" had been cancelled. During an interview, Nick Jonas stated that the album wouldn't be released but decided to release 16 recordings to their Team Jonas fan club members. "We want to do something special for our fans because they've been so supportive of us for so many years. What we've decided to do is package an album with 10 live tracks from the summer tour and four of the songs that would have been on 'V', and if you count 'Pom Poms' and 'First Time', it's actually 6 songs that would have been on 'V'. We’ll be sending that out soon for the fans." The album was released with the title "LiVe", noting the letter "V" in caps as a reference to their would-be fifth studio album of the same name.
Acting career.
2007: Early acting.
The Jonas Brothers made their acting debut in of the Disney Channel series "Hannah Montana", where they guest starred and performed "We Got The Party With Us" on the episode "Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas". Soon after, they collaborated with Miley Cyrus on her 3D concert film, ', filmed during Cyrus' Best of Both Worlds Tour, where they sang "We Got The Party With Us" with Cyrus as Hannah Montana. While on the "Look Me in the Eyes Tour", the Jonas Brothers filmed a Disney Channel reality short series entitled, ', that premiered on Disney Channel on May 16, 2008, which ran until September 5, 2008, documenting their lives on tour. It featured clips of the band rehearsing, traveling, performing, studying, and their personal life with their family and friends. The Jonas Brothers also did a half-hour variety special on Disney Channel special entitled, "", that featured The Muppets and other Disney Channel stars. During this time, the Jonas Brothers also appeared on the Olympics based special miniseries the "Disney Channel Games", for the third annual show.
2008–present: "Camp Rock," "Jonas L.A and Married to Jonas".
The band made their film debut in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock" where they play a band called Connect Three. Joe Jonas plays the lead male role and lead singer Shane Gray, Nick Jonas plays the role of Nate, a guitarist, and Kevin Jonas plays the role of Jason, also a guitarist. The film premiered on June 20, 2008 in the United States on Disney Channel, and Canada on Family. It received mixed reviews. A Disney Digital 3-D production crew filmed the two shows of their Burnin' Up Tour in Anaheim on July 13 and July 14, 2008, including a performance by Demi Lovato with the Jonas Brothers on "This Is Me" and Taylor Swift with the brothers on "Should've Said No". Both shows and additional footage recorded while on tour, were used for the theatrical release of their 3D concert biopic "" on February 22, 2009.
In April 2009, the Jonas Brothers finished filming the first season of their Disney Channel Original Series titled "JONAS". The series was created by Michael Curtis (of "Phil of the Future" and "Friends") and Roger S. H. Schulman "(Shrek)" and directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik "(National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation", "The Bronx Is Burning"). The show title was originally an acronym for "Junior Operative Networking as Spies". The original pilot was about a teenage rock band (Jonas Brothers) having double lives as government-hired spies. However, after the pilot was shot, the storyline changed and is now about a band of three brothers who have to cope with being rockstars while trying to live an ordinary life. The series premiered on May 2, 2009. On June 20, 2010, the series premiered its second and final season, rebranded as Jonas L.A., where the Jonas' characters move out from their home in New Jersey to their Los Angeles mansion.
After the success of "Camp Rock", a sequel was in immediate development. The Jonas Brothers returned as the band Connect Three and their youngest brother, Frankie Jonas, also starred. Disney had confirmed they were writing the script, and filming took place in late spring or summer 2009. The Jonas Brothers made their big screen feature debut as the voices and faces of the Cherubs in 2009's "". On May 29, 2009, the Jonas Brothers were involved in an ABC television special called "Un-broke: What You Need To Know About Money", where they talked about the importance of understanding the stock market. In 2011, the brothers appeared in the "Visit California" promotional film aimed at boosting tourism from the UK.
On April 30, 2012, E! announced they had ordered a reality television series entitled Married to Jonas, which they stated would primarily focus on Kevin Jonas' marriage, however would also focus on the 2012 comeback of the Jonas Brothers. "Married to Jonas" premiered on August 19, 2012; its second season concluded on May 26, 2013.
Personal lives and philanthropy.
The Jonas Brothers are of Italian (from a maternal great-grandfather), German, Cherokee, English, Irish, Scottish, and French-Canadian descent.
The Jonas Brothers earned an estimated $12 million in 2007, and have donated 10% of their earnings to their charity, "Change for the Children Foundation". "Change for the Children Foundation" is a foundation started by the Jonas Brothers, where contributors donate to charities and places such as "Nothing But Nets", "American Diabetes Foundation", "St. Jude Children's Research Hospital", "Children's Hospital Los Angeles", and "Summer Stars: Camp for the Performing Arts". The band stated that:
We started The Change for the Children Foundation to support programs that motivate and inspire children to face adversity with confidence, determination and a will to succeed. And we think the best people to help children are their peers – kids helping other kids who are a little less fortunate.
Since August 6, 2008, Bayer Diabetes Care has partnered with Nick Jonas as a diabetes ambassador to promote the idea for young people to manage their diabetes, as Nick was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when he was 13. Nick testified in the U.S. Senate to promote more research funding for diabetes.
The Jonas Brothers have been strong supporters of Dosomething.org. In 2007, the brothers filmed a public service announcement raising awareness about teenage homelessness and encouraging teens to begin "jeans drives" in their communities to donate to the homeless. In 2010, Nick further volunteered his efforts for Do Something by offering his time as a prize to teens who donated jeans to Do Something and Aeropostale's "Teens for Jeans" campaign. Further, Nick filmed another PSA, this one in support of Do Something's "Battle of the Bands" campaign, for the advancement of music education in schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9729302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729302" title="Hashimoto's encephalopathy">
Hashimoto's encephalopathy

Hashimoto's Encephalopathy is a rare autoimmune disease associated with Hashimoto's thyroiditis. It was first described in 1966. It is sometimes referred to as a neuroendocrine disorder, although the condition's relationship to the endocrine system is widely disputed. It is recognized as a rare disease by the NIH Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center.
Up to 2005 there were almost 200 published case reports of this disease. Between 1990 and 2000 43 cases were published. Since that time, research has expanded and numerous cases are being reported by scientists around the world, suggesting that this rare condition is likely to have been significantly undiagnosed in the past. Over 100 scientific articles on Hashimoto's Encephalopathy were published between 2000 and 2013.
History.
The first case of HE was described by Brain et al. in 1966. The patient was a 48-year-old man with hypothyroidism, multiple episodes of encephalopathy, stroke-like symptoms and Hashimoto’s thyroiditis confirmed by elevated anti-thyroid antibodies.
Definition.
A relapsing encephalopathy occurring in association with Hashimoto's thyroiditis, with high titers of anti-thyroid antibodies. Clinically, the condition may present one or more symptoms. 
Onset is often gradual and may go unnoticed by the patient and close associates to the patients.
Symptoms sometimes resolve themselves within days to weeks, leaving a patient undiagnosed. For many other patients, the condition may result in ongoing problems with a variety of manifestations, often confusing clinicians due to the diffuse nature of symptoms.
Epidemiology.
The prevalence has been estimated to be 2.1/100,000 with a male to female ratio of 1:4. The mean age of onset is 44 with 20% of cases presenting before the age of 18 years. Most reported cases occur during the patient's fifth decade of life.
Aetiology.
The mechanism of pathogenesis is not known but it has been assumed to be an autoimmune disorder. Consistent with this hypothesis alpha-enolase has been identified as an autoantigen in the disease.
Pathology.
Very little is known about the pathology of HE. Post-mortem studies of some individuals have shown lymphocytic vasculitis of venules and veins in the brain-stem and a diffuse gliosis involving gray matter more than white matter.
Clinical features.
The onset of symptoms tends to be fairly gradual and to occur over 1–7 days. 
Symptoms of Hashimoto's encephalopathy may include: 
Laboratory and radiological findings.
Cerebrospinal fluid findings:
Thyroid hormone abnormalities are common (>80% cases): 
Thyroid antibodies - both anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (anti-TPO, anti-thyroid microsomal antibodies, anti-M) and antithyroglobulin antibodies (anti-Tg) - in the disease are elevated but their levels do not correlate with the severity. 
Electroencephalogram studies, while almost always abnormal (98% cases), are usually nondiagnostic. The most common findings are diffuse or generalized slowing or frontal intermittent rhythmic delta activity. Prominent triphasic waves, focal slowing, epileptiform abnormalities, photoparoxysmal and photomyogenic responses may be seen.
Treatment.
Because most patients respond to steroids or immunosuppressant treatment, this condition is now also referred to as steroid-responsive encephalopathy.
Initial treatment is usually with oral prednisone (50–150 mg/day) or high dose IV methylprednisolone (1 g/day) for 3–7 days. Thyroid hormone treatment is also included if required. 
Failure of some patients to respond to this first line treatment has produced a variety of alternative treatments including azathioprine, cyclophosphamide, chloroquine, methotrexate, periodic intravenous immune globulin and plasma exchange. There have been no controlled trials so the optimal treatment is not known.
Seizures, if present, are controlled with typical antiepileptic agents.
Prognosis.
Duration of treatment is usually between 2 and 25 years. Earlier reports suggested that 90% of cases stay in remission after discontinuation of treatment, however this is at odds with more recent studies which suggest that relapse commonly occurs after initial high dose steroid treatment. Left untreated, it can result in coma and death.

</doc>
<doc id="9729303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729303" title="Zambia Airways">
Zambia Airways

Zambia Airways Corporation was the flag carrier of the Republic of Zambia.
History.
Zambia Airways was founded in 1964 as a subsidiary of Central African Airways. The original fleet consisted of two Douglas DC-3 and three DHC-2 Beaver. By 1967 Zambia Airways had become independent of Central African Airways and acquired a pair of BAC 1-11-207s and a couple of HS.748s. They also leased from Alitalia a DC-8 with which services from Lusaka to London were started. Originally the London route was flown twice a week with intermediate stops at Nairobi, Kenya, and Rome, Italy. In 1975 the Boeing 707 replaced the DC-8 and the Boeing 737-200 replaced the BAC 1-11s and was often put into service to Johannesburg and other medium-haul routes.
The widebody era arrived in 1984 with the acquisition of a DC-10. This was the only widebody used by Zambia Airways and was used to open a route to New York via Monrovia. This first DC-10, registered number 348 and christened "Nkwazi", was reportedly a point of national pride for many Zambian citizens. In 1989, a second DC-10 was leased from Sabena and later Lufthansa to help operate longhaul flights from Lusaka to London, Frankfurt, Rome, and Amsterdam, as well as a weekly service non-stop to Bombay in cooperation with Air India. The author James Ferguson, in his book about Zambian society, also recalls services to Belgrade and Larnaca.
Meanwhile, the ATR 42 replaced the HS.748s. The next fleet expansion consisted a of Boeing 757-200F which substituted one of the 707s. Zambia Airways ordered the MD-11 and leased DC-8-61 while waiting for the delivery of the MD-11, which never occurred. In 1992, the government reportedly indicated that the airline would be responsible for its own debt services and had to operating expenses from its own revenues. Under this directive and in a worsening economic climate, the airline very quickly scaled back both domestically and internationally, and was liquidated in 1995.
The carrier Zambian Airways, which in 2007 was the only Zambian airline flying scheduled routes, is unrelated and was derived from the privatised Mines Air Services Limited.
Destinations.
Zambia Airways used to serve the following destinations when it operated:

</doc>
<doc id="9729324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729324" title="Estonian Footballer of the Year">
Estonian Footballer of the Year

Estonian Footballer of the Year is an annual award given to the best Estonian footballer. The award was launched in 1992. Mart Poom has won the award a record six times.
Meistriliiga Player of the Year.
The Meistriliiga Player of the Year is an annual award given to the best Meistriliiga player for his performances in the league.
Fans' Meistriliiga Player of the Year.
Fans' Meistriliiga Player of the Year is voted by the readers of Soccernet.ee.

</doc>
<doc id="9729339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729339" title="Ani Vardanyan">
Ani Vardanyan

Ani Vardanyan (, born May 15, 1991 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian figure skater. She is the 2005 Armenian national silver medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="9729372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729372" title="Tsagaan">
Tsagaan

The word Tsagaan (Mongolian:цагаан, "white") is part of many names signifying:

</doc>
<doc id="9729387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729387" title="Dimension Costeña">
Dimension Costeña

Dimensión Costeña is a Nicaraguan group that came together in the Caribbean coast of the country in Bluefields.
History.
The group has been together for 32 years and in that time they have produced 17 LPs and 13 CDs, most notably an album that can only be bought directly from Nicaragua known as "Merry Christmas Nicaragua." This Christmas album is known for having all of the classic Christmas songs combined with the band's authentic sound and incorrect lyrics. The album first made it to the UK, the first country (Other than Nicaragua) to have the album, in 2005 when Clayton Payne, a man well known in the Fenland area for his football expertise and travelling abroad, brought it back when he saw a local selling the album in Managua Airport.
The band have performed in many places through the world: from Managua to Los Angeles, from Miami to Europe.
Band members.
Dimension Costena consists of eight members, all of whom are from the coast area.
The main band member is called Luis Cassells, who dubs himself as the "Director Artistico" or the Artistic Director. Anthony Mathews and Anthony De Costena on vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="9729389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729389" title="Kathy Bowlen">
Kathy Bowlen

Kathy Bowlen is a former Australian journalist and television presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. She was host of the Victorian edition of ABC's "Stateline" current affairs program,and a presenter with ABC TV News for a decade. Bowlen also reported for "ABC News Victoria", the nightly current affairs program "7:30 Report", and spent two years as the host of the national breakfast news "First Edition", and the international program "Asia Focus". 
In addition to her television work, she has been a director on various boards; including nine years as a member of the University Council of Swinburne University of Technology in Melbourne, from which she graduated with a degree in media communications. She started her media career at Melbourne's 3AW radio station, and spent several years as a political reporter in Canberra. 
In December 2008, Bowlen presented her final program after a 20 year career with the ABC, to join the Australian Red Cross Blood Service as national media manager.Michael: [http://www.theage.com.au/news/entertainment/tv--radio/networking/2008/12/03/1228257115572.html Networking: Bowlen bows out, "The Age", 4 December 2008. </ref>

</doc>
<doc id="9729410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729410" title="Tony Tripoli">
Tony Tripoli

Tony Tripoli (born December 2, 1969) is an actor, host, comedian and LGBT rights activist living in Los Angeles, California.
He has appeared on television shows such as "", "Fashion House" and "Two and a Half Men". Other credits include "Joan and Melissa: Joan Knows Best?", "TV Guide's Funniest Commercials", "TV Guides Hollywood's Sexiest Couples", "Gossip Queens", "Frank TV" "Pretty Hurts", and E!'s "50 Super Epic TV Moments".
He is the head writer of E!'s hit show Fashion Police, with Joan Rivers. Previously he was a staff writer on "The Dish" on Style Network.
He performs his stand-up comedy throughout the United States and opens for Joan Rivers.
Born in Phoenix, Arizona, Tony has a younger sister and a younger brother. He is openly gay and currently single.
Tony discusses a number of topics in his standup ranging from sex and dating to his family and pop culture.
His Facebook address is http://www.facebook.com/TonyTripoli

</doc>
<doc id="9729440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729440" title="George Grenfell-Baines">
George Grenfell-Baines

Professor Sir George Grenfell-Baines OBE DL (30 April 1908 – 9 May 2003) was an English architect and town planner. Born in Preston, as George Baines, his family’s humble circumstances forced him to start work at the age of fourteen. Both George and his younger brother, Richard (Dick), were prodigiously gifted mathematicians and draughtsmen. George left a secure, but limiting, job in the Lancashire County Architect’s Office to work for the prestigious private firm of Bradshaw Gass & Hope in Bolton in 1930. 
During the 1930s, George became aware of Modernism, particularly the work of Le Corbusier and Gropius, through the architectural press and was determined to practice it himself. He studied at Manchester University for two years from 1934. It was at this time he adopted the name George Grenfell Baines at the suggestion of fellow student Gerald Hayforthwaite. Later this was hyphenated as Grenfell-Baines: Grenfell being his mother’s maiden name. He was known to friends and colleagues as “GG”.
In 1935, he was awarded the Heywood prize for the design of reinforced concrete flats. The following year he was awarded the third prize in a competition for a new Rhodesian Parliament; the prize money, £250, was enough to enable him to start his own practice.
GG’s work for the Air Ministry during World War II brought him to the attention of Anthony Chitty and the London Modernists. Although GG always chose to be based in Preston, he cultivated friendships in national and international circles. In 1951, he was invited to design a pavilion for the Festival of Britain. GG’s post-war work included the New Towns of Newton Aycliffe (planned 1947) and Peterlee (planned 1948).
An abiding interest for GG was multidisciplinary working. His highly successful firm BDP (Building Design Partnership) was the result of numerous experiments in management structure. 
In 1972, he became Professor of Architecture at Sheffield University where he founded the Design Teaching Partnership. GG officially retired in 1974 but continued working as a consultant into his final decade.
GG received an OBE in 1960 and was knighted in 1978.
References.
Grenfell-Baines, George (2000), interviewed by Louise Brodie at Preston, (January 5–11) "Architects’ Lives", London: National Biographical Archive, C467/46/F7839.
White, Bill (1987), "The Spirit Of BDP", Preston: BDP.

</doc>
<doc id="9729448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729448" title="Limited express">
Limited express

A limited express is a type of express train service. It refers to an express service that stops at a limited number of stops in comparison to other express services on the same or similar routes.
Japan.
The term "limited express" is a common translation of the Japanese phrase ; literally "special express"; often abbreviated . Although some operators translate the word differently, this section is about "tokubetsu kyūkō" trains in Japan regardless of the translation by the operators. This term also includes terms with "Limited Express" in them, such as . 
In comparison with ordinary express trains, limited express trains generally use better coaches, travel faster and stop at fewer stations. Many limited-express trains include reserved seating, dining cars or food and beverage carts, and Green (first class) cars. Travel on limited-express trains costs more than travel on ordinary expresses, but is the most typical style of inter-city rail travel in Japan. 
Until 1972, the "Hikari" on the Tōkaidō Shinkansen was officially a , that is, "beyond limited express" or "super express", and was priced higher than the "Kodama", the limited express on the same line. Presently all Shinkansen services are officially limited express, but are usually referred to as "super express" in English.
The table below summarizes the limited express on major Japanese railways (JR Group and 16 major private railways minus two major private railways that do not operate limited express, which are Sagami Railway (Sōtetsu) and Tokyo Metro).
New Zealand.
In the era of steam-hauled provincial expresses, limited express services were common on highly trafficked routes. The "Night Limited" was the premier express train on the North Island Main Trunk Railway between Auckland and Wellington from 1924 until 1971; during peak seasons, it was augmented by the "Daylight Limited". Following the "Night Limited" was a slower unnamed express that stopped at more stations and provided a lower level of comfort.
A different pattern was employed on the Main South Line. The "South Island Limited" express ran three days a week from Christchurch through Dunedin to Invercargill, with a slower regular express operating on the other four days. Both regular and limited expresses were augmented by additional services between intermediate destinations, such as an evening railcar between Christchurch and Dunedin operated by the 88 seater or Vulcan classes.
Limited expresses were rare beyond the main trunk routes and the regular provincial expresses were typically augmented with even slower mixed trains. However, when the "Rotorua Express" schedule was accelerated in 1930 and its carriages upgraded, it was rebranded as the "Rotorua Limited". Due to the Great Depression and rising car ownership levels, it did not achieve the level of success intended, thus in 1937 it reverted to the status and service pattern of a regular express.
After the demise of the "Night Limited" and the "South Island Limited" in 1971, the term "limited express" fell into disuse in New Zealand and has not been applied to any subsequent trains. However, from 1971 to 1979, the "Silver Star" performed the role of a limited express as it operated to a faster schedule than a supplementary slower service that was known from 1975 as the "Northerner".
United States.
Some of the most elite trains in the United States in the twentieth century were called "limited", a name that typically graced overnight trains that made very few stops. (However, the fastest train between New York and Washington, DC, a day train, in the Pennsylvania Railroad era was called the "Congressional Limited Express", and it had few stops, like the longer distance "Limiteds".) Famous limiteds of America have included the "20th Century Limited" and its successor the "Lake Shore Limited", the "Broadway Limited", and the "National Limited".

</doc>
<doc id="9729466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729466" title="London Buses route 224">
London Buses route 224

London Buses route 224 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between St Raphael's Estate and Wembley Stadium station, it is operated by Metroline.
History.
Route 224 commenced operating on 24 February 1990 between North Wembley and Willesden Junction station, partly replacing route 226 between North Wembley and Park Royal. On 21 January 1995, it was withdrawn between North Wembley and Wembley Stadium station, with this section being taken over by route 223. 
Upon being re-tendered, the route was retained by First London, with a new contract commencing on in October 2006.</ref>Bus Tender results Route 224 Transport for London 3 May 2006</ref> First London successfully retendered to retain the route with a new contract commencing on 15 October 2011. On the same date, route 224 was withdrawn between Harlesden station and Willesden Junction and diverted via route 206 to St Raphael's Estate. In 2012, new Alexander Dennis Enviro 200 Darts were introduced.
On 22 June 2013, route 224 was included in the sale of First London's Alperton garage to Metroline. 

</doc>
<doc id="9729478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729478" title="Makhenkesi Stofile">
Makhenkesi Stofile

Makhenkesi Arnold Stofile (born 27 December 1944) is a South African politician, and was Minister of Sport and Recreation from 2004 to 2010. He is currently serving as Ambassador to Germany.
Stofile was born in Adelaide in the Eastern Cape. He studied towards a masters degree in Theology at the University of Fort Hare, and he also obtained a Master of Arts from Princeton University in 1983.
Stofile joined the African National Congress (ANC) in 1963. He was charged with harbouring of terrorists by the Ciskei government and served a three year jail sentence.
Stofile is also an ordained minister of the Uniting Presbyterian Church in Southern Africa
Stofile was not only a politician and church man, but also a great sportsman. He played scrum-half and wing for the Border Rugby team, and was a loud voice in the campaign towards non-racial sports.
In 1984 he travelled to New Zealand where he led a successful campaign against the planned All Blacks' tour of South Africa.
After the 1994 democratic elections, Stofile was the ANC's chief whip in parliament. He held that position until his appointment as Premier of the Eastern Cape in 1997.
In 2009, he threatened "third world war" over gender test results of an athlete, which found that runner Caster Semenya was a hermaphrodite, with internal testes.

</doc>
<doc id="9729488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729488" title="Stonesetter">
Stonesetter

A stone setter is a specialist within the jewellery arts field who is trained in the art of setting of gemstones into jewellery. Historically, stone-setting was a specialized skill, taught for example, in European trade schools. Typically an individual trained in this tradition, were considered specialized technicians who stuck to their specialty of setting stones only, and didn't typically cross over into gold smithing, or other areas of jewellery making. Nowadays however, stone-setting is considered less of a specialty and is taught as part of the overall training of being a bench jeweler.
The setting of gemstones utilizes basic categories of styles and techniques, including; prong setting, bezel setting, channel setting and bead setting.

</doc>
<doc id="9729503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729503" title="Handsome Boy">
Handsome Boy

Handsome Boy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9729507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729507" title="Helen Edmundson">
Helen Edmundson

Helen Edmundson (born 1964) is a British playwright particularly well known for her adaptations of various literary classics for the stage.
Edmundson's first play "Flying" was produced at the National Theatre Studio in 1990. Since then, her work for the theatre has included: The Clearing, first performed at the Bush Theatre; Mother Teresa is Dead, at the Royal Court Theatre; and four stage adaptations for Shared Experience Theatre - "Anna Karenina" and "The Mill on the Floss", both of which toured nationally and internationally, "War and Peace", which was produced at the National Theatre in 1996, and Gone to Earth which was seen on tour and at the Lyric Hammersmith.
Her adaptation of Jamila Gavin's award-winning children's novel "Coram Boy" premiered at the National in November 2005 and came back for a revival at the same venue a year later. Her most recent work for Shared Experience, "Orestes - Blood and Light", toured in the UK in autumn 2006 and played at the Tricycle Theatre until December 2006. "The Clearing" received the John Whiting Award for best new play, as well as a Time Out Award. She also won TMA and Time Out Awards for "The Mill on the Floss", "Anna Karenina" and most recently, a Time Out Award for "Coram Boy". Edmundson has written two short films for television: "One Day" for BBC2 and "Stella" for Channel 4, and her adaptation of "The Voyage Out" was heard on BBC Radio 4 in 2006.
She took part in the Bush Theatre's 2011 project "Sixty Six" for which she wrote a piece based upon a chapter of the King James Bible In 2012, her play about Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, "The Heresy of Love", was produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company at the Swan Theatre, Stratford-Upon-Avon, directed by Nancy Meckler. 

</doc>
<doc id="9729512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729512" title="Lake Altham">
Lake Altham

Lake Altham is a lake in Western Australia. It is located at , in the Shire of Kent. Biogeographically, it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It has an area of about 2.4 square kilometres (0.9 mi²). It is one of four lakes in the area comprising the Lake Grace System, a DIWA-listed wetland of national importance.

</doc>
<doc id="9729513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729513" title="Neck and Neck">
Neck and Neck

Neck and Neck is a collaborative album by American guitarist Chet Atkins and British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on October 9, 1990 by Columbia Records. "Poor Boy Blues" was released as a single, and in 1991 won a Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals. That same year, "So Soft Your Goodbye" won a Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance.
Atkins originally recorded "Yakety Axe", a parody of Boots' Randolph's "Yakety Sax", on his 1965 album "More of That Guitar Country". This new recording features lyrics and a new arrangement that were composed by Merle Travis. Atkins also previously recorded "I'll See You in My Dreams" on an album with Merle Travis.
Critical reception.
In his review for AllMusic, Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave the album four out of five stars, calling it "the most focused and arguably the most rewarding record Atkins has released." Erlewine singled out Knopfler's influence on the legendary guitarist: 

</doc>
<doc id="9729522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729522" title="Avalon (comics)">
Avalon (comics)

Avalon, in comics, may to:

</doc>
<doc id="9729544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729544" title="Holy Cross Church, Warsaw">
Holy Cross Church, Warsaw

The Church of the Holy Cross (, also "Bazylika św. Krzyża, Kościół świętokrzyski"") is a Roman Catholic house of worship in Warsaw, Poland. Located on "Krakowskie Przedmieście" opposite the main Warsaw University campus, it is one of the most notable Baroque churches in Poland's capital. 
The Holy Cross Church is currently administered by the Missionary Friars of Vincent de Paul.
History.
As early as the 15th century, a small wooden chapel of the Holy Cross had been erected here. In 1526 the chapel was demolished, and a newer church was erected. Refurbished and extended by Paweł Zembrzuski in 1615, the church was too small to fill the needs of the growing city. Initially located well outside the city limits, by the 17th century it had become one of the main churches in the southern suburb ("przedmieście") of the city that had in 1596 become Poland's capital. 
In 1653 Queen Marie Louise Gonzaga gave the church to the French order of Missionary Friars of Vincent de Paul. However, three years later Warsaw was captured by Swedish armies during the Deluge. Pillaged, the church was found to be damaged beyond repair. During the reign of Jan III Sobieski the church's remnants were demolished, and it was decided to erect a new shrine. In the 18th century this became the origin of the "gorzkie żale" tradition. 
The main building was constructed between 1679 and 1696. Its main designer was Józef Szymon Bellotti, the royal architect at the Royal Court of Poland. It was financed by abbot Kazimierz Szczuka and the Primate of Poland Michał Stefan Radziejowski. The façade was relatively modest and reminded of Renaissance facades of the nearby churches. The two towers surrounding the façade were initially square-cut. Between 1725 and 1737 two late Baroque headpieces by Józef Fontana. The façade itself was refurbished by Fontana's son, Jakub (in 1756) and ornamented with sculptures by Jan Jerzy Plersch.
From 1765 the church was one of the most attended by Polish King Stanisław August Poniatowski. It was also there that the King established the Order of St. Stanisław and bestowed it upon loyal servants annually on May 8. On May 3, 1792, the Polish Diet gathered there on the first anniversary of the May 3rd Constitution. During the Warsaw Uprising of 1794, the stairs leading to the main entrance were destroyed and had to be replaced with new ones designed by Chrystian Piotr Aigner.
During the Partitions, the church gained much importance, especially after the 1861 demonstration held before it, which was brutally put down by Russian Cossack troops — sparking the January 1863 Uprising.
On Christmas Day 1881, an outbreak of panic following a false alarm of fire in the crowded church caused the stampede deaths of twenty-nine persons. Jews were blamed for starting the panic, and the Warsaw pogrom of 1881 ensued.
In the late 19th century the church interior was slightly refurbished, and in 1882 an urn containing the heart of Frédéric Chopin was immured in a pillar. Some decades later, a similar urn was added with the heart of Władysław Reymont. In 1889 the external staircase leading to the main entrance was reconstructed, and a sculpture of Christ Bearing His Cross by Pius Weloński was added. The sculpture bears the inscription, "Sursum Corda" ("Lift Up Your Hearts"), signifying the Poles' endurance under the Russian partition. In addition to urns containing the hearts of some of Poland's most renowned artists, there are several epitaphs to other notable Poles of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, including Juliusz Słowacki, Józef Ignacy Kraszewski, Bolesław Prus, and Władysław Sikorski.
During the 1944 Warsaw Uprising, the church was severely damaged. On 6 September 1944, when the Germans detonated two large Goliath tracked mines in the church (they usually carried 75–100 kg of high explosives) the facade was destroyed, together with many Baroque furnishings, the vaulting, the high altar, and side altars. Afterward the church was blown up by the Germans in January 1945. 
Between 1945 and 1953, the church was rebuilt in a simplified architectural form by B. Zborowski. The interior was reconstructed without the Baroque polychromes and frescos. The main altar was reconstructed between 1960 and 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9729560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729560" title="Vasiliki Maliaros">
Vasiliki Maliaros

Vasiliki Maliaros (; October 16, 1883 in Athens, Greece – February 9, 1973 in The Bronx, New York City, New York, USA) was an actress who only appeared in one memorable acting role in "The Exorcist" as Father Karras' Mother. She was discovered by William Friedkin in a New York Greek restaurant. She died at the age of 89 of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="9729571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729571" title="Minimalistix">
Minimalistix

Minimalistix was a progressive trance music project from Belgium, consisting of members Dave Lambrechts, Janus De Decker, Johan Casters, Peter Bellaert and Steve Sidewinder (Andy Vandierendonck) and existing from 2000 to 2010.
The group was started by Bellaert (alias Brian Koner) who purchased his first synthesizer at the age of eighteen, and gained his first recording contract in 1991, when he signed to Snowball Records. The group first gained mainstream recognition with the white label single, "Struggle for Pleasure" (a remix of the 1983 Wim Mertens track) in Belgium dance clubs. In 2000 the track reached the Top 10 of European radio dance tracks. Two of the group's singles reached the Top 40 in the UK Singles Chart. "Close Cover" peaking at #12 and "Magic Fly" (remix of Space's 1977 hit) at #36. Meanwhile "Struggle For Pleasure" reached #38 in the Dutch chart, and "Close Cover" made #34.
Minimalistix's first album, "Elements", was released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9729579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729579" title="Electoral district of Western Division of Camden">
Electoral district of Western Division of Camden

Western Division of Camden was a former electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1856 to 1857. Its name was changed to West Camden between 1858 and 1859, when it was replaced by the electoral district of Camden. It elected two members simultaneously, with voters casting two votes and the first two candidates being elected. The electorate was based on western Camden County, which adjoins the Cumberland County (Sydney Basin) to the south, including the Southern Highlands and, to the east, the Illawarra.

</doc>
<doc id="9729607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729607" title="2002–03 Ligue 1">
2002–03 Ligue 1

For the 2002-03 season, the French Division 1 was renamed as Ligue 1 and was expanded to contain 20 clubs, which played 38 matches against each other, rather than the 34 matches in previous seasons. Olympique Lyonnais won Ligue 1 season 2002/2003 of the French Association Football League with 68 points.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Ligue 1 season 2003/2004

</doc>
<doc id="9729633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729633" title="Nakamura Kankurō VI">
Nakamura Kankurō VI

Names and lineage.
Kankurō is a member of the acting guild Nakamura-ya and son of the celebrated Nakamura Kanzaburō XVIII. His younger brother, Shichinosuke II, also currently performs kabuki. Their family can trace their lineage back, within the kabuki world, at least seven generations, to Onoe Kikugorō III and Ichimura Uzaemon XI, who performed in the early 19th century. As is the case with the names of all kabuki actors, "Nakamura Kankurō" is a "yagō" or stage name.
Life and career.
Kankurō made his first appearance on stage at the age of two, in a "kokata" monk role at the Kabuki-za. He formally received the name Nakamura Kantarō II at the age of six, playing alongside his younger brother as the title characters in "Kadon de futari Momotarō" ("The Two Momotarō Leave Home") at the Kabuki-za.
The year 2000 marked the 12th anniversary of the death of Kankurō's grandfather, actor Nakamura Kanzaburō XVII. Kankurō enjoyed the honor of playing the role of the elder "shishi" in the commemorative lion dance performance. The following year, he performed in the "Renjishi" lion dance, along with his brother and father, as part of a New Year's celebration. A temporary stage was set up on the beach at Naruto, near Tokyo.
Playing for the first time the role of Konami in the famous play "Kanadehon Chūshingura" in March 2001, Kankurō performed alongside the great "onnagata" Bandō Tamasaburō V.
Like his brother, and many other kabuki actors today, Kankurō also works in television and film. In 2004, he played Tōdō Heisuke in the NHK Taiga drama "Shinsengumi!", reprising the role two years later in a historical television documentary. Kankurō currently narrates a TBS documentary program on UNESCO World Heritage Sites, and starred in the 2001 Japanese film "Turn" and 2009 film "Zen", in which he played the monk Dōgen. He has also featured in a number of television dramas and other programs.
In February 2012, he received the name Nakamura Kankurō VI, following his father, who had performed under the name Kankurō V for almost forty-six years.

</doc>
<doc id="9729637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729637" title="Free Academy">
Free Academy

Free Academy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9729671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729671" title="Nina Stanger">
Nina Stanger

Nina Stanger (1943-1999).
Described by The New Statesman, posthumously, as a radical lawyer, Stanger was a prominent barrister in London during the 1960s. Married to Steven Lukes, she had three children with him: Daniel (born 1977), Michael (born 1979), and Alexandra (born 1981). She moved to Italy with her family in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9729672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729672" title="Clonmellon">
Clonmellon

Clonmellon () is a small town in County Westmeath, Ireland situated between Kells in County Meath and Delvin in Westmeath. 

</doc>
<doc id="9729675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729675" title="River Dell Regional High School">
River Dell Regional High School

River Dell High School is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school, part of the River Dell Regional School District, which is shared with the neighboring communities of Oradell and River Edge in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. Located in Oradell, River Dell High School has been a four-year high school since 1994, and is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and the New Jersey Department of Education. 
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,036 students and 65.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 15.87:1. There were 11 students (1.1% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 3 (0.3% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
During the 1997-98 school year, River Dell High School was recognized with the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, the highest award an American school can receive.
The school was the 104th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 27th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 37th in 2008 out of 316 schools. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 113th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 16 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (87.5%) and language arts literacy (94.40%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by "The Washington Post", the school was ranked 63rd in New Jersey and 1,866th nationwide.
In its 2013 report on "America's Best High Schools", "The Daily Beast" ranked the school 819th in the nation among participating public high schools and 60th among schools in New Jersey.
Curriculum.
River Dell High School offers students a wide variety of college preparation, honors, and Advanced Placement courses. River Dell offers a Junior MBA program in which students are eligible to earn a scholarship after taking five business-related courses and completing a project if they intend to major in business in college.
River Dell requires every student to take three years of mathematics, two years of foreign language (French, Spanish, Italian, or Mandarin Chinese), four years of English, three years of science and three years of history. Concurrently, as requirement by the state of New Jersey, students must fulfill 5 credits in business, technology, and life skills related classes. The school offers 13 Advanced Placement courses, ranging from Chemistry, to Art Portfolio, a senior internship and mentor ship where students are allowed to get a hands on feel for various professions, and various Syracuse University Project Advance (SUPA) offering a student a chance to earn college credits. 
River Dell is based on a day with six 56-minute periods on a four-day rotating bell schedule. Each student is given their own laptop to use for classwork both for school and home use. The school has a large number of electives and courses.
Facilities and programs.
Construction was completed as the result of a 2003 referendum that allowed a $28.9 million school renovation project. Many of the facilities in the school were inaccessible during the construction. Following the completion of the construction in the spring of 2007, the school had a new wing, which included six science and eight general classrooms, two music rooms, and two gymnasiums. Enhancements to the library, art rooms, technology and computer labs, and athletic fields were also included.
Starting with the class of 2009, each freshman has received a hybrid tablet PC-notebook computer for use during their four years of high school. In June before the 2008-09 school year, the Board of Education voted to buy 1,100 HP laptops so that every student in all four classes could use a new laptop. These replaced the former Tablet PCs that were given out with a traditional laptop computer.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
The River Dell Regional High School Golden Hawks now compete in the Big North Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. The school had previously competed in the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) American Conference, made up of schools located in Bergen County and Hudson County. With 752 students in grades 10-12, the school is classified by the NJSIAA for most sports as North I, Group II, which includes schools with enrollment of 517 to 756. The school colors are black and gold. It won the BCSL All sports banner 17 times, most recently in the 06-07 season.
The Girls Varsity soccer team finished the season with a record of 21-2-1, winning the BCSL championship, the 2006 North I, Group II state sectional title and defeated Haddonfield High School by a score of 1-0 to win the Group II state championship in the team's first ever finals.
The girls basketball team won the 2007 North I, Group II state sectional championship, edging Pascack Hills High School 38-36 in the tournament final.
The varsity wrestling team won the 2009 BCSL American Division championship. River Dell's boys soccer team won the BCSL American and State Sectional Championships.
The football team won the North I Group II state sectional championships in 1985, 1987 and 2007. River Dell's 2007 football team went undefeated, compiling a final record of 12-0, with a defense that allowed 28 points all season long. On December 1, 2007, the team won the North I, Group II state sectional championship with a 12-7 win over Pascack Valley High School, in a game played at Giants Stadium. The win was the team's first section title since 1987. The River Dell football team went undefeated in the BCSL American Division losing in the state sectional semi-finals to Jefferson Township High School. River Dell's 2009 football team played Ramsey High School for the North I, Group II state sectional championships at Giants Stadium by a score of 36-10. In 2011 River Dell lost the sectional final at Metlife Stadium against West Essex.
The school has had a distinguished cross country program, led for many years by coach Bill Keith. The girls team has won two Bergen County Group Championships (1983-Group III, 1985-Group II) and two league titles (1984-NBIL, 2000-BCSL American). The boys team won the Bergen 2 title in 1987 and captured the Bergen Group III Championship in 1999, 2000, and 2002, with the school's lone state sectional title coming in 1999. The team also dominated the BCSL American Division in the 2000s, with titles in '00, '02, '03, and '05. The boys team had 17 consecutive dual meet wins in the 1999 and 2000 seasons, and in 2000 recorded the lowest score in the league championship meet (30) in 35 years.
The school instituted a random drug testing program for all students participating in any and all extra curricular activities and/or sports. River Dell was one of three schools in New Jersey that received a grant of $43,100 in 2008 from the Office of National Drug Control Policy towards the cost of operating the program, which detected two students with drugs in their system and another student who had been using alcohol among the 77 students test in the 2007-08 school year.
Clubs.
River Dell offers 47 extracurricular clubs ranging from Dance to Marching Band to Media Club to Debate. Its Chemistry Olympics A and B teams placed 11th and 9th in 2009. 
River Dell is noted for its yearly play and musical. This year, River Dell put on its own rendition of the Greek Mythology Olympiaganza. This year's musical was "Willy Wonka". In previous years, River Dell has put on performances of "Grease", "The Wiz", "Beauty and the Beast", "High School Musical", "Into the Woods" and "Guys and Dolls". Students are placed based on auditions. 
River Dell is also known for its select choir. Under the direction of Lisa Smith, the choir is frequently adjudicated and has won numerous awards, including gold awards at the New York Choral Festival in 2003, 2007, 2008, and 2010. Three of those festivals were located in Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center and the other was in Carnegie Hall. Every year, the choir features members who participate in Bergen County, all-region, all state, and even all-Eastern chorus. 
River Dell's marching band has competed in various competitions throughout the North East Division of the USSBA taking 8th place on November 11 at the USSBA Northern States Competition in Allentown, Pennsylvania. The band's show this year was Fusion: The Music of Cirque du Solei. In past years, the band has done Steely Dan, Sound's of Santana, James Brown, the Who, and the Nightmare Before Christmas. The band has earned two first place finishes, while capturing several caption awards including three best percussion awards. Also the band plays in various parades and festivals throughout the country.
On January 31, 2009, River Dell's Academic Decathlon team took 3rd in New Jersey's region II, advancing to New Jersey's State Academic Decathlon, a feat which has not been achieved since the 2001-02 school year. They repeated this feat again in 2010.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="9729677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729677" title="Vilen Ivanov">
Vilen Ivanov

Vilen Nikolaevich Ivanov (b. July 6, 1934 in Poltava, Ukraine) – a Russian sociologist, Ph.D., Professor, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS); since October, 2005 on he has been a RAS adviser; member of the Bureau for Social Sciences under the RAS; Vice-President of the Russian Academy of Social Sciences; Editor-in-Chief of "the Nauka. Kultura. Obshchestvo Journal"; member of the Presidium of Moscow Sociological Association; honorary member of the Russian Association of Sociologists; full member of the Byelorussian Academy of Social Sciences; Vice-President of the International Academy of Russia-Belarus Union; member of the Union of Russian Writers; full member of the Academy of Literature (since 2006). 
V. Ivanov is the author of more than 400 scientific publications (monographs, manuals, brochures) and of 11 collections of poems.

</doc>
<doc id="9729691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729691" title="Trachyteuthis">
Trachyteuthis

Trachyteuthis is a genus of fossil teuthid, comprising four species: T. hastiformis, T. nusplingensis, T. teudopsiformis, and T. covacevichi.
Taxonomy.
The taxonomic placement of "Trachyteuthis" is uncertain. Though often assigned to the order Vampyromorphida, the discovery of fossilised "Trachyteuthis" beaks in the Upper Jurassic limestone of Germany suggests a close phylogenetic relation to the Octopoda. It is clear that it does at least belong in the Coleoidea. It is thought to be very closely related to "Teudopsis".
Distribution.
Fossils are scarce but have been reported from the Kimmeridge clay of the UK; the Solenhofen limestone of Germany, Jurassic deposits in Antarctica, and Oxfordian deposits in Chile.
History.
First described in 1773 as the remnants of a fish, "Trachyteuthis" was considered comparable to a "Sepia" cuttlebone by Rüppell in 1829. A separate genus was erected for the material in 1846 by Meyer. English material discovered in 1855 was termed "Coccoteuthis latipinnis"; this was later synonymised with the identical Solnhofen deposits. A 2007 survey of museum collection established that there were ground for the erection of three species within the genus.

</doc>
<doc id="9729699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729699" title="Iran do Espirito Santo">
Iran do Espirito Santo

Iran do Espirito Santo (born 1963) is a prominent Brazilian artist, based in São Paulo. 
His works are included in major international collections such as MOMA in New York. He has exhibited at the Venice Biennale and the Bienal de São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="9729716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729716" title="Independent Primary School Heads of Australia">
Independent Primary School Heads of Australia

The Independent Primary School Heads of Australia (IPSHA) formerly Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), is an incorporated body representing the heads of independent primary schools in Australia. 
Officially established in September 1952, the Association is broken into state branches, with six offices across Australia. The organisation currently has a membership of nearly 380 Full Members, 60 Associate and Life Members and 23 Overseas Members. Combined, the member schools employ around 6,000 people, and are responsible for educating about 100,000 primary aged children.
History.
The IPSHA evolved largely from informal gatherings of New South Wales headmasters, which called itself the Junior Schools' Conference. The Organisation was established in 1952, when a conference was held at Cranbrook School, Sydney, where a constitution was agreed upon for the establishment of the Junior Schools' Conference of Australia.
The organisation holds biennial conferences, which alternate between states. At the biennial Conference in Perth in 1984, the Constitution was amended and the Heads of Independent Girls' Schools became eligible for membership of the IPSHA. Along with this change, came eligibility for heads of co-educational junior schools to join, which provided a significant boost in membership.
Key relationships.
IPSHA recognises the benefit in maintaining healthy and active relationships with peak educational bodies, both here in Australia and overseas including:
Mission.
The Independent Primary School Heads of Australia (IPSHA) is an Incorporated body of Heads of independent primary schools throughout Australia. It provides professional support for its members and their teachers through ongoing professional learning activities and affirming collegiality. IPSHA has the capacity to organise numerous educational, cultural, spiritual and sporting events for children in its schools. On the national political stage, IPSHA has a voice of influence as a member of peak educational bodies including APPA and Principals Australia Institute. The Association also fosters close links with independent school associations in New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. IPSHA aspires to empower independent primary school leaders to achieve excellence in the broad education of children.
Vision.
IPSHA is recognised as the leading independent primary school voice that connects with and advocates for school leaders.
Goals.
1. To promote the unique nature of independent primary education by
2. To provide collegial support for members 
3. To facilitate the national voice of independent primary schools by
4. To deliver and facilitate quality professional learning opportunities for members and their schools by
5. To empower school leaders for student success by fostering educational opportunities for children
State branches.
The IPSHA has branches in each of Australia's six states, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria and Western Australia. Each state has an elected representative.
New South Wales.
With over 120 members from city, suburban and regional primary and middle schools, the New South Wales Branch of IPSHA has a wide diversity of schools represented. Member schools range from stand alone primary schools to K-12 campuses in both single sex and coeducational settings. All are independent and many reflect a variety of faith based and philosophical missions.
Its term meetings are held at a variety of schools and include relevant professional development through keynote speakers, discussion groups and workshops.
Students in member schools have access to a range of excellent events. Performing Arts Festivals, Debating, Social Issues Expos, Travelling Art Exhibitions, and a wide range of Saturday Sport activities offer students opportunities to share and develop their talents and interests alongside others. Key sport carnivals and trials offer a pathway to CIS for talented students.
Queensland.
The Queensland branch of the IPSHA now has 80 members from independent schools across the state including single-sex, coeducational, denominational, nondenominational, metropolitan and regional schools.
Members meet once per term at one of the member schools, for the purpose of Professional Development, a Branch Meeting and opportunities for networking. Over the last few years, annual State Branch Refresher weekends have been held, with the majority of them in North Queensland.
South Australia.
The South Australian Branch comprises a range of schools in diverse settings in both metropolitan and rural areas. It has a clear intent to promote and strengthen independent primary education in Australia, and thus there is a commitment to support and strengthen each of its schools in SA. The SA Branch Executive is charged with ensuring the operations of the Branch are maintained throughout each year. One Branch meeting a term is scheduled, and these are usually held at a school.
Tasmania.
Twelve members representing schools from both the north and south of the State make up the current membership. This includes both Primary and Middle School Heads and all are part of K-12 schools. Both coeducational and single sex schools are represented.
The Tasmanian Branch of IPSHA meets each term, alternating between Hobart and Launceston. Meetings include a professional learning topic or issue, together with an opportunity for sharing learning and leadership practices and for general collegiality
Victoria.
The Victorian Branch of IPSHA consists of over one hundred members from Independent schools across Victoria, including single sex, co-educational, denominational, non-denominational, metropolitan and rural schools. Many of its members' Schools are part of a K-12 structure, while some are stand alone Primary Schools.
The main goal of the branch is to maintain the Independent Primary School Heads of Australia as a significant influence in primary education, by fostering the cause of primary education and maintaining links with other associations and official bodies involved in primary education. Providing collegial support for its colleagues and the staff at its schools, is also a priority. By coming to its four Branch meetings annually and attending IPSHA events, members can take advantage of opportunities to network, develop leadership and recognise members' contributions to the wider educational community. The culture of the Victorian Branch of IPSHA is one of professionalism, learning, sharing, mutual support and friendship.
Western Australia.
The Western Australian Branch of the IPSHA was formed in 1954 (as the WA Branch of the JSHAA), by Jeffrey G Hart, of Guildford Grammar School. The first formal gathering of Junior School Heads for the purpose of forming an Association was at Guildford Grammar School in 1954. The first formal meeting of the West Australian Branch was held at Christ Church Grammar School in May 1968, at the meeting a sub-committee was appointed for the purpose of drawing up a proposed constitution.
The founding members of the organisation were:
The Constitution was adopted on 5 July 1968, at the second meeting at Hale School in Perth. Currently, the WA branch features 54 member schools, most of which are located in the Perth Metropolitan area.
Western Australia activities.
Students gather in a rotated school hall annually (usually in May), where schools may send a set number of students from middle to upper primary. It was previously held in St. Georges Cathedral, Perth.
Every second year school groups are invited to perform in front of the IPSHA in the Perth Concert Hall. The concert runs for three evenings and one day (the day being especially for children).
One member school hosts an Art and Craft Festival on alternate years to the Performing Arts concert. Art may come from a range of year levels.
Every year a chess day is held at a member school. IPSHA schools are invited to send a team of four to compete. This event alternates between two set member schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9729724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729724" title="Telephone/With You">
Telephone/With You

"Telephone/With You" is a double A-side single by Glaswegian band The Retrosexuals, released in 2006 on 3" mini CD and a limited 500 copy red 7" vinyl. The CD version featured the bonus track, "What Did I Do?"

</doc>
<doc id="9729733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729733" title="Bridgewater railway station">
Bridgewater railway station

Bridgewater railway station was a railway station located in the Adelaide Hills suburb of Bridgewater and was 37.2 km or 23 miles, 32 chains away from Adelaide by rail. 
The station opened in the 1880s and was the terminus of the now defunct Bridgewater line. It consisted of three platforms (all of which are now demolished). Platform 1 was a stand alone platform that was 140.2 metres long and Platforms 2 and 3 were an island platform both 170.7 metres long. In January 1980 a 2 set 2000/2100 class railcar terminated at Bridgewater for a test run before entering service in February of that year. The station building on the main platform was burned down by arsonists in 1983. 
The station closed in 1987, along with suburban services on the route between Belair and Bridgewater. There is no evidence of the station left, as the offices and island platform were demolished around 1990, while more recently the brick relay console and main platform were demolished, in November 2006.
Services to Bridgewater were on the metropolitan broad gauge network, with two line working from Goodwood to Belair, and single line working beyond Belair. In 1995 the line was converted to standard gauge along with the rest of the Adelaide-Melbourne line.

</doc>
<doc id="9729735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729735" title="Stonesetting">
Stonesetting

Stonesetting is the art of securely setting or attaching gemstones into jewelry. Stonesetting can also be used to refer to fixing a stone or orb believed to have magical properties into a staff.
Cabochon and facet.
There are two general types of gemstone cutting: cabochon and facet.
Cabochons, which are smooth, often domed, with flat backs. Agates and turquoise are usually cut this way, but precious stones such as rubies, emeralds and sapphires also may be. Many stones like star sapphires and moonstones must be cut this way in order to see the effects the stones have in them.
The other type of stone is generically called faceted, in which the stone has the general overall shape of the modern diamond, with a thin edge, called the girdle, the top angling up into what is called the crown, and the bottom angling down into what is called the pavilion. In the case of a cabochon stone, the side of the stone is usually cut at a shallow angle, so that when the bezel is pushed over the stone that angle permits it to hold the stone in place and keep it tight. In the case of faceted stones a shallow groove is cut into the side of the bezel into which the girdle of the stone is placed, and then metal is pushed over, holding the stone in place. Cabochons can also be set into prong settings of various kinds, but the idea is the same—it is the prongs going over the angle of the stone that creates the pressure that holds the stone in place.
Just as the angle of the sides of a cabochon creates the pressure to hold the stone in place, so there is an overlying principle in setting faceted stones. If one looks at a side view of a round diamond, for example, one will see that there is an outer edge, called the girdle, and the top angles up from there, and the bottom angles down from there. Faceted stones are set by "pinching" that angle with metal. If you imagine holding the girdle with the tips of your thumb and forefinger with both hands, that illustrates it fairly well. All of the styles of faceted stone setting use this concept in one way or another.
Types of stonesetting.
There are thousands of variations of setting styles, but there are several fundamental types:
Bezel setting.
The earliest known technique of attaching stones to jewelry was bezel setting. A bezel is a strip of metal bent into the shape and size of the stone and then soldered to the piece of jewelry. Then the stone is inserted into the bezel and the metal rubbed over the stone, holding it in place. This method works well for either cabochon or faceted stones.
Prong setting.
Prong setting is the simplest and most common type of setting, largely because it uses the least amount of metal to hold the stone, thus showing it off to its best advantage. Generally it is simply some number of wires, called prongs, which are of a certain size and shape, arranged in a shape and size to hold the given stone, and fixed at the base. Then a burr of the proper size, is used to cut what is known as a "bearing", which is a notch that corresponds to the angles of the stone. The burr most often used is called a "hart bur" that is angled and sized for the job of setting diamonds. That bearing is cut equally into all of the prongs and at the same height above the base. Then the stone is inserted so that it goes into all of the bearings, pliers or a pusher are used to bend the prongs gently over the crown of the stone, and the tops of the prongs are clipped off with snips, filed to an even height above the stone, and finished. Usually a "cup burr" is used to give the prong a nice round tip. A cup burr is in the shape of a hemisphere with teeth on the inside, for making rounded tips on wires and prongs. There are many variations of prong settings—two prongs up to 24 or more, many variations involving decoration, size and shapes of the prongs themselves, and how they are fixed or used in jewelry. But the method of setting is generally the same for all of them.
Channel setting.
Channel setting is a method whereby stones are suspended between two bars or strips of metal, called channels. Often when setting small stones and the bars go in a linear line with the design it is called channel setting, and when the bars cross the lines of the design, it is called bar set. The idea is the same, though. The channel is some variation of a "U" shape, with two sides and a bottom. The sides are made just a bit narrower than the width of the stone or stones to be set, and then, using the same burs as in prong setting, a small notch, which is again called a bearing, is cut into each wall. The stone is put in place in those notches, and the metal on top is pushed down, tightening the stone in place. The proper way to set a channel is to cut a notch for each stone, but for cheaper production work sometimes a groove is cut along each channel. Also, since the metal can be very stiff and strong, this is a situation where a reciprocating hammer, which is like a jackhammer but jewelry sized, might be used to hammer down the metal, as it can be difficult to do by hand. Then, as always, the metal is filed down and finished, and the inner edge near the stones cleaned up and straightened as necessary. As with all jewelry, there can be many variations of channel work. At times the walls will be raised—sometimes a center stone will be set between two bars that rise high from the base ring—or the channel might just be cut directly into some surface, making the stones flush with the metal. It is still channel setting, though.
Bead setting.
Bead setting is a generic term for setting a stone directly into metal using gravers, also called burins, which are essentially tiny chisels. A hole is drilled directly into the metal surface, and then a ball burr is used to make a concave depression just the size of the stone. Some setters will set the stone into that concave depression, and some will use a hart burr to cut a bearing around the edge. Then the stone is inserted into that space, and the gravers or burins are used to lift and push a tiny bit of the metal into and over the edge of the stone. Then a beading tool, which is simply a steel shaft with a concave dimple cut into the tip, is pushed onto the bit of metal, rounding and smoothing it, pushing it firmly onto the stone, and creating a "bead". That is the essential method, but there are many types of setting that use the technique. When many stones are set in this fashion very closely together, about 1 millimeter apart, covering a surface, that is called "pavé"—from the French for paved or cobblestoned. When a long line is engraved into the metal going up to each of the beads, that is "star set", because of the look. The other common usage is called "bead and bright", "grain setting" or "threading" in Europe, and other names at times. This is when, after the stone is set as described above, the background metal around the stone is cut away, usually in geometric shapes. In the end what is left is the stone with four beads in a lowered box shape with an edge around it. Often it is a row of stones, so it will be in a long shape with a raised edge and a row of stones and beads down the center. This type of setting is still used often, but it was very common in the early to middle 20th century.
Burnish setting.
Burnish setting, also sometimes referred to as flush setting, shot setting, or gypsy setting (The term gypsy setting is used less often today because the word gypsy is seen as derogatory) is similar to bead setting, but after the stone is inserted into the space, instead of using a graver to lift beads, a burnishing tool is used to push the metal all around the stone. The stone will be roughly flush with the surface, with a burnished or rubbed edge around it. This type of setting has a long history but is gaining a resurgence in contemporary jewelry. Sometimes the metal is finished using sandblasting, as it shows off the work very well.

</doc>
<doc id="9729747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729747" title="Lubiri">
Lubiri

Lubiri (or Mengo Palace) is the royal compound of the Kabaka or king of Buganda, located in Mengo, a suburb of Kampala, the Ugandan capital. The original Lubiri was destroyed in the May 1966 Battle of Mengo Hill, at the culmination of the struggle between Mutesa II and Milton Obote for power.

</doc>
<doc id="9729775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729775" title="Hazzard (disambiguation)">
Hazzard (disambiguation)

Hazzard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9729794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729794" title="SM U-5 (Germany)">
SM U-5 (Germany)

SM U-5 was a German Type U 5 U-boat built for the Imperial German Navy. She was commissioned 2 July 1910 in Germaniawerft in Kiel. She served in World War I under the command of Johannes Lemmer, with no recorded sinkings of enemy ships on two patrols. She was lost in an accident off the Belgian coast on 18 December 1914, and sank with no survivors - all of her 29 crew members lost their lives.

</doc>
<doc id="9729810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729810" title="Laser power scaling">
Laser power scaling

Power scaling of a laser is increasing its output power without changing the geometry, shape, or principle of operation. Power scalability is considered an important advantage in a laser design.
Usually, power scaling requires a more powerful pump source, stronger cooling, and an increase in size. It may also require reduction of the background loss in the laser resonator and, in particular, in the gain medium.
MOPA.
The most popular way of achieving power scalability is the "MOPA" (Master Oscillator Power Amplifier) approach. The master oscillator produces a highly coherent beam, and an optical amplifier is used to increase the power of the beam while preserving its main properties. The master oscillator has no need to be powerful, and has no need to operate at high efficiency because the efficiency is determined mainly by the power amplifier. The combination of several laser amplifiers seeded by a common master oscillator is essential concept of the
High Power Laser Energy Research Facility.
Inherently scalable designs.
Disk lasers.
One type of solid-state laser designed for good power scaling is the disk laser (or "active mirror"). Such lasers are believed to be scalable to a power of several kilowatts
from a single active element in continuous-wave operation.
Perhaps, the expectations for power scalability of disk lasers is a little bit exaggerated:
some of publications in favor of disk laser just repeat each other; compare, for example
and; these articles differ with only titles.
Amplified spontaneous emission, overheating and round-trip loss seem to be the most important processes that limit the power of disk lasers. For future power scaling, the reduction of the
round-trip loss and/or combining of several active elements is required.
Fiber lasers.
Fiber lasers are another type of solid-state laser with good power scaling. The power scaling of fiber lasers is limited by Raman scattering and Brillouin scattering, and by the fact that such lasers cannot be very long. The limited length of the double-clad fibers limits the usable power of the multi-mode pump, because the pump is not absorbed efficiently in the fiber's active core. Optimization of the shape of the cladding can extend the limit of power scaling.
Fiber disk lasers.
The limit of power scaling of fiber lasers can be extended with lateral delivery of the pump. This is realized in so-called fiber disk lasers
The pump in such a laser is delivered from side of a disk, made of coiled fiber with doped core.
Several such disks (with a coolant between them) can be combined into a stack.
Problem of heat sink.
The power scaling is limited by the ability to dissipate the heat. Usually, the thermal conductivity of materials designed for efficient laser action, is small compared to that of materials optimal for the heat transfer (metals, diamonds).
For the efficient drain of heat from a compact device, the active medium should be a narrow slab; in order to give advantage to the amplification of light at wanted direction over the ASE, the energy and head would be withdrawn in orthogonal directions, as it is shown in figure. At low background loss (typically, at the level of 0.01 or 0.001)
the heat and the light can be withdrawn in the opposite directions, allowing active elements of wide aperture. In this case,
combining of several active elements is used for the power scaling.
Coherent addition and combining beams.
Scalability can also be achieved by combining separate laser beams. Completely independent beams cannot usually be combined to produce a beam with higher radiance than each beam has alone. Beams can only be combined if they are coherent with each other. Such beams can be combined actively or passively.
In the passive combining (or coherent addition) of lasers, only the few modes common to all of the combined lasers can be above the lasing threshold. Efficient passive combining of eight lasers has been reported. Further power scaling requires exponential growth of the gain bandwidth and/or length of the individual lasers.
Active combining implies the real-time measurement of the phase of individual lasers' output, and quick adjustment to keep them all in phase. Such adjustment can be done by adaptive optics, which is effective for suppression of phase noise at acoustic frequencies. Faster schemes based on all-optical switching are being researched.

</doc>
<doc id="9729813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729813" title="Chromogranin A">
Chromogranin A

Chromogranin A or parathyroid secretory protein 1 (gene name CHGA) is a member of the granin family of neuroendocrine secretory proteins, i.e., it is located in secretory vesicles of neurons and endocrine cells. In humans, chromogranin A protein is encoded by the "CHGA" gene.
Tissue distribution.
Examples of cells producing chromogranin A are chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla, paraganglia, enterochromaffin-like cells and beta cells of the pancreas.
Function.
Chromogranin A is the precursor to several functional peptides including vasostatin, pancreastatin, catestatin and parastatin. These peptides negatively modulate the neuroendocrine function of the releasing cell (autocrine) or nearby cells (paracrine). Other peptides derived from chromogranin A with uncertain function include chromostatin, WE-14 and GE-25.
Chromogranin A might promote the generation of secretory granules.
Clinical significance.
Chromogranin A is elevated in pheochromocytomas.
It is used as an indicator for pancreas and prostate cancer and in carcinoid syndrome. It might play a role in early neoplasic progression. It is also elevated in diabetes. Chromogranin A is cleaved by an endogenous prohormone convertase to produce several peptide fragments. See chromogranin A GeneRIFs for references. In immunohistochemistry it can be used to identify a range of neuroendocrine tumours and is highly specific for both benign and malignant cells of this type.

</doc>
<doc id="9729814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729814" title="Kyosen Ōhashi">
Kyosen Ōhashi

Born in Sumida, Tokyo, he grew up in Chiba prefecture and dropped out of the Waseda University. Declaring "semi-retirement", he now spends most of his time outside Japan, particularly in Canada during the summer, as well as in Australia and New Zealand during the winter in the northern hemisphere, in which he runs his "OK Gift Shop" (OK stands for Ohashi Kyosen).
When he resigned in the House of Councillors, Ōhashi was succeeded by Marutei Tsurunen, the first European-descended and openly foreign-born Japanese person to serve in the Diet.

</doc>
<doc id="9729815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729815" title="Marcel Liebman">
Marcel Liebman

Marcel Liebman (1929 - 1986) was a Belgian Marxist historian of political sociology and theory, active at the Université Libre de Bruxelles and Vrije Universiteit Brussel.
Biography.
An historian of socialism and of communism, he published a number of well known essays, notably on the Russian Revolution, Leninism and the history of the labour movement in Belgium. He was also an early initiator of Israeli-Palestinian dialogue. His intellectual methodology was engaged, critical and rigorous.
On July 9, 1943, Marcel's older brother, Henri, was arrested by the Gestapo and sent to Malines. Several weeks later, on July 31, he was transported to Auschwitz with 1,555 other deportees where he was in all probability sent to the gas chambers upon arrival as he had not yet turned 16 years of age. Henri was born October 15, 1927 in Brussels and died in August 1943. (Of the 1,556 deportees sent to Auschwitz on July 31, 1943, only 40 returned after the camps were liberated.)
From 1962 to 1967, he was editor of the weekly journal "La Gauche" (The Left) and in 1968 founded the journal "Mai" (May) which existed until 1973.
In 1976, he participated in the creation of the Association Belgo-Palestinienne, with Naïm Khader and Pierre Galand, where he was General-Secretary.
Riton Liebman, his son, is a comedian, author and director. Riton's actual name is Henri, named after Marcel's lost brother.
A foundation under the directorship Mateo Alaluf was created at the Université Libre de Bruxelles upon Marcel Liebman's death in 1986. In December 2005, the foundation was converted into the Marcel Liebman Institute. This Institute aims to contribute to socialist thought and the study of the left, as well as a critical reflection on the practices of social movements.

</doc>
<doc id="9729816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729816" title="Gennady Osipov">
Gennady Osipov

Gennady Vasilievich Osipov () (born June 27, 1929 in Ruzayevka, Mordovia) – a Russian scientist, sociologist and philosopher, Ph.D., Professor, full member (academician) of the Russian Academy of Sciences /RAS/ since 1991; Director of the Institute of Socio-Political Research of the Russian Academy of Sciences (ISPR RAS); President of the Russian Academy of Social Sciences (RASS); member of RAS Social Sciences Department Bureau; President of the Eurasian International Association; member of the Scientific Council of the Russian Security Council; Honorary President of the Russian Sociological Association.
G. Osipov graduated from Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO-University) in 1952.
Thanks to his organizational and scientific activities, sociology has become a vital component of humanitarian and social sciences. Academician G. Osipov was the first to initiate sociological research in the USSR and stood behind the first Soviet sociological journal Sotsialnye issledovaniya (Social research) published since 1967. He made a major contribution to the development of theoretical and methodological basis of scientific analysis of the socio-political situation in Russia with due regard for foreign sociological thought. In the 1960-70s he initiated the translation of the papers by American and British sociologists into Russian.
G. Osipov is the author of the first Russian textbook on sociology – Rabochaya kniga sotsiologa (Sociologist’s handbook) which was translated into various languages. 
He penned over 250 scientific works on crucial issues of sociology and philosophy.
He initiated the establishment of two Institutes: The Institute of Sociology under the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS) and the Institute of Socio-Political Research (ISPR RAS).

</doc>
<doc id="9729822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729822" title="Helena Angelina Doukaina">
Helena Angelina Doukaina

Helena Angelina Doukaina ( 1242 – 1271) was the second wife but only Queen consort of Manfred of Sicily, Regent of the Kingdom of Sicily. Her marriage to Manfred was an expression of the alliance of her father Michael II Komnenos Doukas, Ruler of Epirus and the ruler of Sicily against the growing power of the Empire of Nicaea.
Biography.
Helena was a daughter of Michael II and his wife, Theodora Petraliphaina. Her father was often called Michael Angelos in narrative sources. She was a sister of Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas and a paternal half-sister of John I Doukas, Ruler of Thessaly.
She was married to Manfred of Sicily 2 June 1259, after the death of his first wife Beatrice of Savoy in 1257 and his own rise to the throne on 10 August 1258. D. J. Geanakoplos notes that this marriage was surprising, considering Manfred's father Frederick had been in an alliance with John Vatatzes, the late ruler of the Empire of Nicaea, but "one must consider that conquest of the Byzantine Empire had been a traditional Norman aim for almost a century, and that Manfred was now in a strong enough position in Italy to discard his father's alliance and to look to those who could assist him in his ambitions for Balkan domination." Few details of how this marriage was arranged have come down to us. "It would be of interest," Geanakoplos observes, "to know who took the initiative to promote the marriage alliance; whether Manfred's marriage preceded that of William of Achaia to Anna, another daughter of Michael II; and, most important, whether Manfred's Epirot possessions were secured from Michael II actually as a result of conquest or as a dowry."
Manfred had captured Dyrrachium and its surrounding area within the following two years. Michael II still had a territorial claim at the city but at the time was preparing to besiege Thessalonica. Helena's dowry included all rights to Dyrrhachium and its surrounding area along with the island of Corfu. Corfu being the only clear territorial gain for Manfred.
When Manfred was killed at the Battle of Benevento on 26 February 1266 while fighting against his rival and successor Charles I of Sicily. Charles captured Helena and imprisoned her. She lived five years later in captivity into the castle of Nocera Inferiore where she died in 1271.
Marriage and children.
Helena and Manfred had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="9729826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729826" title="Gary Crittenden">
Gary Crittenden

Gary L. Crittenden (born 1953) is an American financial manager and is the CEO of HGGC (formerly Huntsman Gay Global Capital), a Palo Alto, California private equity firm. He was formerly employed as the chairman of Citi Holdings, a unit of Citigroup, and has served on the boards of Staples Inc., Ryerson, Inc., TJX Companies, and Utah Capital Investment Corp. From March 2007 to March 2009, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Citigroup. On his departure he settled Securities and Exchange Commission claims that he violated federal disclosure rules.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Crittenden was raised in Ogden, UT. He served a two-year mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Germany, and graduated from BYU's Marriott School of Management with a bachelor of science degree in management in 1976. He went on to earn an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1979. Crittenden has served as a bishop, stake president, and area seventy in the LDS Church.
Career.
Crittenden began his career as a consultant at Bain and Company where he worked on various strategic projects in the United States and Germany. Crittenden served as CFO and executive Vice President at Melville Corp. While at Melville, he was the architect of the breakup of the company that led a significant increase in share price as the company was split into three firms. He was the CFO of Sears Roebuck and Company from 1997 to 1998. He then served as the CFO of Monsanto Company from 1998 to 2000. At Monsanto, Crittenden led the efforts to acquire seed companies DeKalb Genetics Corporation, and the Delta and Pine Land Company. He also played a key role in the eventual sale of Monsanto to Pharmacia & Upjohn. Prior to joining Citigroup, Crittenden was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of American Express, as well as the head of the company's Global Network Services division.
In 2007, Crittenden joined Citigroup as CFO. At Citigroup, he led the reengineering effort that cut 75,000 jobs, reduced assets by around $500 billion, and helped guide the firm through the financial crisis. In 2010 Crittenden settled claims made by the SEC without admitting wrongdoing in connection with Citigroup's exposure to subprime mortgage assets.
In April 2012, Crittenden was named CEO of Huntsman Gay Global Capital.
Corporate boards.
Crittenden has served on a number of corporate boards in his professional life, including Filene's Basement, where he was CFO early in his career, Wilson's Leather, Sears of Mexico and Sears Canada (where he was CFO of the parent company, Sears Roebuck and Company), Ryerson, Inc., TJX Companies (parent company to TJMaxx and Marshall's), Staples, and Primerica. Additionally, he is chairman of the board of the HGGC portfolio companies: Power Holdings, iQor, and Citadel.
Awards and Recognition.
Crittenden has been recognized and won or been nominated for several awards, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9729852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729852" title="SM UB-5">
SM UB-5

SM "UB-5" was a German Type UB I submarine or U-boat in the Imperial German Navy () during World War I. She sank five ships during her career and was broken up in Germany in 1919.
"UB-5" was ordered in October 1914 and was laid down at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel in November. "UB-5" was a little more than in length and displaced between , depending on whether surfaced or submerged. She carried two torpedoes for her two bow torpedo tubes and was also armed with a deck-mounted machine gun. "UB-5" was broken into sections and shipped by rail to Antwerp for reassembly. She was launched and commissioned there as SM "UB-5" in March 1915.
"UB-5" was initially assigned to the Flanders Flotilla in March 1915 and sank five British ships of under the command of Wilhelm Smiths. The U-boat was assigned to the Baltic Flotilla in October 1915, and relegated to a training role from September 1916. At the end of the war, "UB-5" was deemed unseaworthy and unable to surrender at Harwich with the rest of Germany's U-boat fleet. She remained in Germany where she was broken up by Dräger at Lübeck, Germany, in 1919.
Design and construction.
After the German Army's rapid advance along the North Sea coast in the earliest stages of World War I, the Imperial German Navy found itself without suitable submarines that could be operated in the narrow and shallow environment off Flanders. Project 34, a design effort begun in mid-August 1914, produced the Type UB I design: a small submarine that could be shipped by rail to a port of operations and quickly assembled. Constrained by railroad size limitations, the UB I design called for a boat about long and displacing about with two torpedo tubes. "UB-5" was part of the initial allotment of eight submarines—numbered to —ordered on 15 October from Germaniawerft of Kiel, just shy of two months after planning for the class began.
"UB-5" was laid down by Germaniawerft in Kiel on 22 November. As built, "UB-5" was long, abeam, and had a draft of . She had a single Daimler 4-cylinder diesel engine for surface travel, and a single Siemens-Schuckert electric motor for underwater travel, both attached to a single propeller shaft. Her top speeds were , surfaced, and , submerged. At more moderate speeds, she could sail up to on the surface before refueling, and up to submerged before recharging her batteries. Like all boats of the class, "UB-5" was rated to a diving depth of , and could completely submerge in 33 seconds.
"UB-5" was armed with two torpedoes in two bow torpedo tubes. She was also outfitted for a single machine gun on deck. "UB-5"s standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men.
After work on "UB-5" was complete at the Germaniwerft yard, "UB-5" was readied for rail shipment. The process of shipping a UB I boat involved breaking the submarine down into what was essentially a knock down kit. Each boat was broken into approximately fifteen pieces and loaded on to eight railway flatcars. In early 1915, the sections of "UB-5" were shipped to Antwerp for assembly in what was typically a two- to three-week process. After "UB-5" was assembled and launched sometime in March, she was loaded on a barge and taken through canals to Bruges where she underwent trials.
Service career.
The submarine was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy as SM "UB-5" on 25 March under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Wilhelm Smiths, a 28-year-old first-time U-boat commander. "UB-5" soon joined the other UB I boats then comprising the Flanders Flotilla (), which had been organized on 29 March. When "UB-5" joined the flotilla, Germany was in the midst of its first submarine offensive, begun in February. During this campaign, enemy vessels in the German-defined war zone (), which encompassed all waters around the United Kingdom (including the English Channel), were to be sunk. Vessels of neutral countries were not to be attacked unless they definitively could be identified as enemy vessels operating under a false flag.
The UB I boats of the Flanders Flotilla were initially limited to patrols in the Hoofden, the southern portion of the North Sea between the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. "UB-4" made the first sortie of the flotilla on 9 April, and "UB-5" departed on her first patrol soon after. On 15 April, from the North Hinder lightship, "UB-5" scored her first success when she torpedoed and sank the British steamer "Ptarmigan". The 784-ton steamer was carrying a general cargo from Rotterdam to London when she went down with the loss of eight crewmen.
After "UB-5"s sister boat pioneered a route around past British anti-submarine nets and mines in the Straits of Dover in late June, boats of the flotilla began to patrol the western English Channel. , "UB-5", and soon followed with patrols in the Channel, but were hampered by fog and bad weather. Even though none of the boats sank any ships, by successfully completing their voyages they helped further prove the feasibility of defeating the British countermeasures in the Straits of Dover.
On 13 and 14 August, while patrolling in Lowestoft–Cromer area, "UB-5" sank four British fishing smacks with a combined tonnage of just over , the largest being "Sunflower" and "J.W.F.T.", each of . All four of the smacks—sailing vessels traditionally rigged with red ochre sails—were stopped, boarded by crewmen from "UB-5", and sunk with explosives. These were the last ships "UB-5" sank during the war.
Germany's submarine offensive was suspended on 18 September by the chief of the "Admiralstab", Admiral Henning von Holtzendorff, In response to American demands after the sinking of the Cunard Line steamer in May 1915 and other high profile sinkings in August and September. Holtzendorff's directive from ordered all U-boats out of the English Channel and the South-Western Approaches and required that all submarine activity in the North Sea be conducted strictly along prize regulations. Shortly after this cessation, "UB-5" was transferred to the Baltic Flotilla () on 9 October.
Boats of the Baltic flotilla were based at either Kiel, Danzig, or Libau, but where "UB-5" was stationed during this time is not reported in sources. On 21 September 1916, "UB-5" was transferred to training duties. According to authors R.H. Gibson and Maurice Prendergast, submarines assigned to training duties were "war-worn craft" unfit for service. At the end of the war, the Allies required all German U-boats to be sailed to Harwich for surrender. "UB-5" was one of eight U-boats deemed unseaworthy and allowed to remain in Germany. "UB-5" was broken up by Dräger at Lübeck in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="9729860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729860" title="Stomp on Tripwires">
Stomp on Tripwires

Stomp On Tripwires is the debut album from The Cops. It was released on 20 September 2004 on the Love Police Records label, and distributed through Reverberation.

</doc>
<doc id="9729865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729865" title="Éamonn an Chnoic">
Éamonn an Chnoic

"Éamonn an Chnoic" ("Ned of the Hill") is a popular song in traditional Irish music. It is a slow, mournful ballad with a somber theme and no chorus.
Overview.
The song concerns Éamonn Ó Riain (Edmund O'Ryan), an Irish aristocrat who lived in County Tipperary from 1670–1724 and led a bandit or rapparee gang. Although there is no positive proof of O'Ryan's existence, he is mentioned in a pamphlet of 1694, in which he and four other raparee leaders called for the overthrow of William of Orange in favour of the Catholic James II.
The background to Ryan's career was the confiscation of Irish Catholic land in the Act of Settlement 1652 after the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland when many dispossessed landowners became outlaws, known as "tories" or "rapparees". Their ranks were swelled after the Williamite War of 1689-91, when many of the defeated Catholic Jacobites turned to banditry. It is likely that Ryan himself served in the Jacobite army.
It is said that Ryan became a rapparee or outlaw after shooting a tax collector dead during a quarrel over the confiscation of a poor woman's cow. Various other stories are told in which Ó Riain plays the role of the rebel hero who battles authority in the mode of Robin Hood and countless others.
Song variants.
The song is usually sung in Irish, but various English versions are popular as well. Here is one:
Other versions also highlight the failure of Ó Riain's countrymen to come to rally to his defense and more strongly emphasize that Ó Riain had been a man of wealth and influence. For example:
"Éamonn an Chnoic" has been recorded by countless artists in both English and Irish. Some versions, such as the "Young Ned of the Hill" recorded by The Pogues, adapt the lyrics to a fast-tempo song with only a passing similarity to the original folk song. Completely instrumental versions are also common. 

</doc>
<doc id="9729885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729885" title="Blood in Your Eyes">
Blood in Your Eyes

"Blood In Your Eyes" is the 3rd single to be released by Glaswegian band The Retrosexuals, released in 2007 on 3" mini CD and Download only.

</doc>
<doc id="9729901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729901" title="Dzhangir Kerimov">
Dzhangir Kerimov

Dzhangir Abbasovich Kerimov (born 18 July 1923) is an Azerbaijani-Russian lawyer, Dr. of Laws (LL.D.), Professor, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (since 1966); full member (academician) of the Azerbaijani, Serbian, Finnish, Montenegro Academies of Sciences; researcher at the Institute of State and Law of the Russian Academy of Sciences; full member of the Russian Academy of Social Sciences; member of the Social Sciences Department Bureau (section of philosophy, sociology, psychology and law); Chairman of the Scientific and Expert Council under the Union of Lawyers of Russia.
He is one of the leading experts on philosophical problems of legal science, social planning and administration, theory of state and law.

</doc>
<doc id="9729902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729902" title="SM UC-5">
SM UC-5

SM "UC-5" was a German Type UC I minelayer submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. The U-boat had been ordered by November 1914 and was launched on 13 June 1915. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 19 June 1915 as SM "UC-5". She served in World War I under the command of Herbert Pustkuchen (June 1915 - December 1915) and Ulrich Mohrbutter (December 1915 - April 1916).
Service.
"UC-5" had an impressive career, with 29 ships sunk for a total of 36,288 tons on 29 patrols. On August 21, 1915 "UC-5" became the first submarine minelayer to penetrate into the English Channel, laying 12 mines off Boulogne, one of which sank the steamship "William Dawson" the same day. "UC-5" went on to lay 6 more mines off Boulogne and Folkestone on 7 September, one of which sank the cable layer "Monarch".
Fate.
"UC-5" ran aground while on patrol 27 April 1916 at and was scuttled. Her crew were captured by and the submarine was displayed at Temple Pier on the Thames river and, later, in New York for propaganda purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="9729903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729903" title="Life (Andy Hunter album)">
Life (Andy Hunter album)

Life, released in 2005, is the second full-length album by British DJ and electronic dance music composer Andy Hunter°. It may actually be considered an EP as it features only six songs, but each song's duration of +6 minutes makes up for a total playing time of 43:45.
The album's content is modeled on Hunter's own, sophisticated interpretation of the EDM patterns already established in his debut album, "Exodus", while including elements similar to Nine Inch Nails. These include long tracks, strongly pounding rhythms, pulsating synths, samples of power guitar chords broken down into computer-sequenced tracks, processed vocals and, most importantly, Christian-themed lyrics, as Hunter° is known as a Christian DJ. Three of the songs use biblical quotations as lyrics ("Come on", from the Lord's Prayer, in the Gospel of Matthew, 6: 9-13; "Wonderful", from the Book of Jeremiah, 1: 5; "To Life, To Love", from the Song of Solomon, 5: 1), the other three feature original lyrics. In the CD's booklet, "you" in the non-biblical material is always written without a capital Y, but, as Hunter° has stated on his official website [http://www.andyhunter.com], the "you" in the lyrics refers to God; the songs are always intended as invocations and praises to God.
"Life" was released on the Christian label Sparrow Records, and it is distributed by EMI.
Awards.
In 2006, the album won a Dove Award for Instrumental Album of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards. It was also nominated for Recorded Music Packaging of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="9729916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729916" title="Ambi Budd">
Ambi Budd

Ambi Budd was a company founded by Edward Gowen Budd in Philadelphia, USA. Budd studied at the University of Pennsylvania and his first work was at a company making automobile wheels from pressed steel rather than by casting. Steel-shaping technology progressed rapidly at the time and soon the company also made parts like doors and front walls in pressed steel. In 1912, Budd started his own company after he found out how to make complex shaped parts in pressed steel. The company's chief engineer was Joseph Ledwinka, a relative of Hans Ledwinka. The company managed to land several large orders like an all-steel body for Buick and 2000 Oakland superstructures. Later Budd also made bodies for Cadillac, Chrysler, Delage, Citroën, Mercedes, Morris and Nash as well as the doors of the Ford Model T. In 1916 Budd also started the Budd Wheel Company making wheels for Dodge. In 1935 they made ventilated disc brakes, first for racing, but later also for passenger cars.
Due to the high demand of parts for Ford Model T and A, the company started another factory in Detroit in 1925.
Louis Renault used Budd patents in France, but was sued in Germany and was forced to pay royalties. Other license users were Peugeot, Simca, Tatra, Austin, and Fiat.
In 1925, William Morris visited the Budd factory and when he returned home he started the Pressed Steel Company in Coventry. In Germany, Budd worked with Arthur Müller and set up a steel pressing plant as "ABP" (Ambi Budd Presswerke) in the old Rumpler factory and became a successful supplier of pressed-steel components. Budd owned 26% of the Adler stock and were located next door to the German assembly plant for Chrysler. Budd also supplied bodies for early BMWs as well as German Fords. In 1943, the company had to move production underground due to bomb attacks from the allied air forces. They also made parts for the Focke Wulf fighters. They also made bodies for the Volkswagen "Kübelwagen" and "Schwimmwagen'. The Berlin plants were completely destroyed by bombing during WW2. After the war, the Budd plant ended up in the Soviet sector. The machines and tools were dismantled and most of them shipped to the Soviet Union. In the USA, Budd made shell and bomb casings and helmets during the war.
In 1962 they made a prototype called XR-400 powered by a V8 engine. However the design was rejected by AMC.
The company merged with Thyssen AG and Krupp AG in 1999 becoming a part of ThyssenKrupp.

</doc>
<doc id="9729917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729917" title="Sachar Committee">
Sachar Committee

The Rajinder Sachar Committee, appointed in 2005 by the Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, was commissioned to prepare a report on the latest social, economic and educational condition of the Muslim community of India. The committee was headed by the former Chief Justice of Delhi High Court Rajinder Sachar, including other six members. The committee prepared a report of 403 pages, and presented in the lower house (Lok Sabha) of the Indian Parliament on 30 November 2006 (20 months after obtaining the terms of reference from the PMO). 
The committee had highlighted and presented its suggestions and solutions to include and mainstream Indian Muslims. The online report is available from the Indian Government website. The report is first of its kind revealing the backwardness of Indian Muslims, according to Sachar Committee report some of the major concers are:
To ensure equity and equality of opportunities to Indian Muslims in residential, work and educational sector, the Committee had proposed multiple suggestions to be adopted, with a suitable mechanisms. 
There is a lot of discussions and debates goes on the Sachar Committee Report. There are follow-up actions taken based on Committee findings like then the Finance Minister P. Chidambaram action funding for National Minorities Development and Finance Corporation (NMDFC).
Composition.
The committee was headed by former Chief Justice of Delhi High Court Rajinder Sachar, and include other six members.
Dr. Syed Zafar Mahmood was the civil servant appointed by the PM as Officer on Special Duty to the Committee. During the committee's interaction with women's groups, some of them seriously articulated a grievance that it did not have any woman member.
Report.
The complete Sachar committee report is available for download online.
Methodology.
The Census 2001 data has been used to understand the demographic profile, infrastructure availability and educational achievements at various levels. Data from the National Sample Surveys (NSSO 55th and 61st Rounds) have been used to analyze issues relating to
employment, education, consumption patterns and levels of poverty. Banking data was received from different sources such as the Reserve Bank of India, National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development, Small Industry Development Bank of India, National Minority Development and Finance Corporation and National Backward Classes and Finance Development Corporation. Corroborative data was also obtained from government commissions and organisations such as National Backward Classes Commission, State Backward Classes Commission and National Council of Educational Research and Training. Finally data from sources such as ministries, departments, public sector undertakings, universities and colleges were used in preparing this report.
Criticism.
Indian media expert Dasu Krishnamoorti has criticized the way the media has handled the report. He criticizes them saying that "Positive journalism means projecting the Muslims as us and not them". Sunil Jain in an article in rediff says "The problem with all such data, however, is that you need to "normalise" it for any meaningful conclusions to be made. Sachar does this only partially", and that rather than basing its results on the entire population of Muslims, the Report should only have considered those Muslims with a college degree.
In addition, the demands made by the Sachar Committee to provide preferential treatment to Muslims in the Indian Army to bring about a greater representation have been severely criticized by members of the Indian Armed Forces as well as BJP political party. Retired Colonel Anil Athale of the Indian Army comments that it is vital that the Indian Armed forces remain secular and not give preference to anybody irrespective of religion, and that the Sachar Committee seeks to undermine that legacy.[http://in.rediff.com/news/2006/feb/14guest.htm] However, Dr. Sachar replied to this criticism saying that it was an uncalled for attempt to communalise a non-issue. 
The Sachar commission findings were later alleged by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to be manipulated for electoral purposes.
There was widespread disagreement over the methodology and conclusions of the Sachar Committee. A K Dubey, Centre for the Study of Developing Societies, said that the “Sachar Committee has indulged in a statistical manipulation that needs to be understood. The approach it adopted to bring to light social and political truths were muddled” 
In November 2013, the Gujarat government told the Supreme Court that the Rajinder Sachar Committee was unconstitutional, and that its "target was to help Muslims only". It has strongly criticized the manner in which the PMO set up the Sachar panel in 2005 to survey the socio-economic conditions of Muslims, while ignoring other religious minorities. The affidavit was filed in response to the Centre's stand that the scheme was valid and that the Modi government was to blame for the "deteriorating condition" of Muslims in Gujarat. 

</doc>
<doc id="9729923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729923" title="Devoto Palace">
Devoto Palace

In the 19th century, Don Antonio Devoto built in Buenos Aires what was the largest mansion at the time and it became known as the Devoto Palace —Prince Umberto Saboya stayed there during a visit to Buenos Aires. The mansion was built on National Avenue and occupied around 10,238 square metres. The mansion was decorated in bronze, silver and gold with iron work forged in Italy, and fiorentinos mosaics.
Don Devoto died in 1916 before the work on the mansion was complete and since he did not leave any descendants, and no one could be found to buy the eccentric house, so in 1938 it was divided into building lots on which houses were later constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="9729932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729932" title="Nancy Meckler">
Nancy Meckler

Nancy Meckler is an American theatre director and film director, best known for her work in the United Kingdom, especially with Shared Experience, where she is joint artistic director alongside Polly Teale.
Works which Meckler has directed for the stage includes I.D.. She was a member of London-based collective the Freehold Theatre Company (1969–73), where she eventually became director. The group employed devising methodology to create work, and were the first company to receive the John Whiting Award for 'new and distinctive development in dramatic writing', traditionally given to playwrights. Her work in motion pictures includes "Sister My Sister" and "Indian Summer".
Meckler was brought up in Great Neck on Long Island, New York. She attended Antioch College and NYU, is the sister of American internet pioneer Alan Meckler and she trained as an actress at LAMDA. She has lived in the UK since 1968. She is the wife of film producer David Aukin and the mother of director Daniel Aukin and actor Jethro Aukin.

</doc>
<doc id="9729935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729935" title="Willie Ross (football)">
Willie Ross (football)

Willie Ross (born in Scotland) was a Scottish football player and manager.

</doc>
<doc id="9729936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729936" title="Polly Teale">
Polly Teale

Polly Teale is a British writer and theatre director best known for her work with the Shared Experience theatre company, where she is joint artistic director alongside Nancy Meckler. Teale won the prize for best director at the 2003 Evening Standard Theatre Awards for her staging of "After Mrs Rochester" which was performed at the Duke of York's Theatre. Her most recent play to date is "Mine", a play about the adoption of children. Other productions directed by her for Shared Experience include "Bracken Moor" (2013).
Teale has a daughter, Eden, with her husband director Ian Rickson.

</doc>
<doc id="9729946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729946" title="Gantyada">
Gantyada

Gantyada is a village and a mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
This village is Mandal's headquarters of Gantyada Mandal. It is 11 km from Vizianagaram Collector office and beside the road line from Vizianagaram to Srungavarapukota (on VB road). It is provided with police station, hospital, post office as it is headquarters of that mandal. The occupation of most of Gantyada people is cultivation.
Demography.
Gantyada mandal had a population of 67,546 in 2011. Males constitute 33,908 and females 33,638 of the population. Gantyada Mandal is a rural mandal with 16,650 households.
Schools and Colleges in Gantyada.
In Gantyada, there are both Government and private schools and colleges.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 45 revenue villages and 35 panchayats in Gantyada mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729950" title="Denkada">
Denkada

Denkada is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Denkada is located on the banks of River Champavathi.
Demography.
Denkada mandal had a population of 52,830 in 2001. Males constitute 26,573 and females 26,257 of the population. The average literacy rate is 50%. Male literacy rate is 59% and that of females 40%.
Panchayats.
According to the District Statistics, there are 28 revenue villages and 26 panchayats in Denkada mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729956" title="Vepada">
Vepada

Vepada is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Demography.
Vepada mandal has a population of 50,264 in 2001. 24,823 Males and 25,441 Females. The average literacy rate is 48%, below the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy rate is 61% and that of females 35%.
Features.
There is a post office at Vepada.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 39 revenue villages and 29 village panchayats in Vepada mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729957" title="Lakkavarapukota">
Lakkavarapukota

Lakka-varapu-kota or L. Kota is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Lakkavarapukota is located at . It has an average elevation of 60 meters (200 feet).
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Indian Railways network.
Demography.
Lakkavarapukota Mandal has a population of 74,413 in 2001. Males consists of 25,267 and females 25.270 of the population. The average literacy rate is 52%, below the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy rate is 65% and that of females 39%.
Features.
There is a post office at Lakkavarapukota. There is police station and government library in L.KOTA. State Bank Of India is also in this village.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 32 revenue villages and 31 village panchayats in L.Kota Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729959" title="Gurla">
Gurla

Gurla is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
There is a post office at Kota Gandredu.
Demography.
Gurla mandal had a population of 62,243 in 2001. Males consists of 31,213 and females 31,030 of the population. The average literacy rate is 39%. Male literacy rate is 51% and that of females 27%.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 39 revenue villages and 37 village panchayats in Gurla mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729963" title="Garividi">
Garividi

Garividi is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Sriramnagar is a census town in this mandal.
Demography.
This Mandal had a population of 64,718 in 2001. Males constitute 32,152 and females 32,566 of the population. The average literacy rate is 94%. The male literacy rate is 97% and that of females 90%.
Features.
"1. Sainik High School, Korukonda
2. Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Kiltampalem
3. Smt. Godavaridevi Saraf High School, Garividi"
The Smt. Godavaridevi Saraf High School plays a great role in Garividi to provide quality education to the children of Garividi with affordable school fees. 
Revenue villages and panchayats.
There are 38 revenue villages and 28 panchayats in Garividi mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729964" title="Merakamudidam">
Merakamudidam

Mera-kamudi-dam is a village and a mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Demography.
Merakamudidam mandal had a population of 56,703 in 2001, with 28,404 males and 28,299 females. The average literacy rate is 45%,with a male literacy rate is 57% and a female literacy rate of 32%.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 41 revenue villages and 24 panchayats in Merakamudidam mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729969" title="Dattirajeru">
Dattirajeru

Datti-rajeru is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Features.
There is a post office in Peda Manapuram.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 46 revenue villages and 35 panchayats in Dattirajeru mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729971" title="Komarada">
Komarada

Komarada is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Demography.
Komarada Mandal had a population of 48,906 in 2001. Males constitutes 23,478 and females 25,428 of the population. The average literacy rate is 45%. The male literacy rate is 56% and that of females 34%.
Thodumu.
Thodumu is a village in Komarada mandal. Thodumu sarpanch is Chintala Sangam Naidu. He is a very intelligent politician. He developed in Thodumu village. They have to go on foot approximately 3 km. in Komarada mandal. Thodumu village had a population of 669 in this year. Males constitute 450 and females 219 of the population. The average literacy rate is 25%. The male literacy rate is 23% and that of females 23%. Thodumu is a one panchayat in Komarada mandal.
Chollapadam.
Among the villages in the mandal, Chollapadam is the most beautiful and lucky village with population not exceeding 4000. The Bonthu family is predominant in many contexts. There is a Ramamandiram in the midst of the village. This village is lucky to have the river Nagavali flowing past it, generally it is a calm and soothing river but vents its fury occasionally every now and then during rainy season. The main occupation is paddy, sugarcane, malt coconut trees, mango gardens etc. But the village has produced some very good students in the past years who have excelled in their academics. This village has a secondary school with good and exceptional greenery around it. The village is popularly recognized for Agrigold's presence in front of it in the western side.The villagers enjoy festivals like Sankranti with great pomp where every native whether born in it or not make it a point to visit Chollapadam, during this festival people enjoy their festivities on the river banks of Nagavali, where people from other villages too love to visit. Travelling towards the village kuneru one comes across the temple of Shri "Kashivishwanadha swamy" a very famous shiva temple which was believed to be identified by a farmer during cultivation of his land with the help of his bullocks.
Sivini.
There is another village in this mandal which was highly influenced by the vicinity of Parvathipuram town i.e. Sivini. It is astonishing to note that this village has half of its residents whose surname is Adhikari, meaning officer in native Telugu language. It is said by our forefathers that there lived a noble man who worked for a generous king long time ago. Satisfied with the services rendered to him the king offered the title "Adhikari" and gave the village as honorarium. The first person graduated from this village is the late Adhikari Shankara Naidu during the 1960s in B.A. (Hon). Later his son Adhikari Venugopala Rao became the first engineering graduate from the College of Engineering, Andhra University, Visakhapatnam during 1992 in metallurgical engineering. Currently he is working as a senior manager steel making shop at Visweswaraiah Iron and Steel Plant, Bhadravathi, Karnataka, which is running under Steel Authority of India Limited.
Revenue villages and panchayats.
There are 99 revenue villages and 31 panchayats in Komarada mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729972" title="Garugubilli">
Garugubilli

Garugu-billi is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Demography.
Garugubilli mandal had a population of 50,690 in 2001. Males constitutes 25,388 and females constitutes 25,302 of the population. The average literacy rate is 54%. Male literacy rate is 68% and that of females 39%.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 34 revenue villages and 28 panchayats in Garugubilli mandal.
h8ys nbuipkfpes [pof sd

</doc>
<doc id="9729975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729975" title="Jiyyammavalasa">
Jiyyammavalasa

Jiyyammavalasa () is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
It is located about 78 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
Demography.
Jiyyammavalasa mandal had a population of 105,625 in 2008. Males constituted 27,887 and females 27,738 of the population. The average literacy rate was 51%. The male literacy rate was 64% and that of females 37%.
The big villages in this mandal are Jiyyammavalasa, Chinamerangi.
The main corp is Paddy.
There are 58 revenue villages and 31 panchayats in Jiyyammavalasa mandal. This is one of the good places to live in any season.
Village panchayats.
There are 31 village panchayats in Jiyyammavalasa Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729979" title="Gummalaxmipuram">
Gummalaxmipuram

Gumma-laxmi-puram or G.L. Puram is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Demography.
Gummalaxmipuram mandal had a population of 46,990 in 2001. Males constitute 22,865 and females 24,125 of the population. The average literacy rate is 44%. The male literacy rate is 55% and that of females 33%.
Features.
There is a hospital and veterinary hospital also in Gummalaxmipuram.
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 124 revenue villages and 27 panchayats in Gummalaxmipuram mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729980" title="Badangi">
Badangi

Badangi is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
It is located on the connecting road between Ramabhadrapuram (National Highway 43) and Chilakapalem (National Highway 5). It is about 43 kilometers from Vizianagaram city.
Demography.
Badangi mandal has a population of 47,634 in 2001. Males consists of 24,100 and females 23,534 of the population. The average literacy rate is 49%, below the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy rate is 60% and that of females 38%.
Badangi airstrip.
There is a historic Airstrip near Badangi village. It was used as command base for Royal Air Force in British India.
The construction was started in 1942 and completed in 1943. It was constructed by Mackenzie company and was the second biggest RAF base after the one at Lahore. It was built on 221-acres of land and consisted of two runways in a cross formation. It had control-tower overlooking both the runways, a separate underground armament depot that housed the 250-pound torpedo bombs, many underground bunkers, hangars, staff quarters and a natural pond for the fire-fighting.
The RAF squadron at Badangi comprised Supermarine Spitfire fighters, Hawker Hurricane fighters, Avro Lancaster bombers, Vickers Wellington bombers, Bristol Beaufighter bombers and B-57 Canberra reconnaissance and transport aircraft.
It was closed in 1946, as the war was over. Today, the huge seven-inch thick solid concrete runway that is being used by the local farmers for threshing the grains. All the other structures have been demolished.
Villages and panchayats.
According to the District Statistics, there are 29 revenue villages and 25 village panchayats in Badangi Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9729981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9729981" title="Seeta Nagaram">
Seeta Nagaram

Seeta-nagaram is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Sitanagaram is located at . It has an average elevation of 95 meters (314 feet).
Demography.
Seetanagaram mandal had a population of 56,225 in 2001. Males constitute 29,710 and females 26,515 of the population. The average literacy rate is 48%. Male literacy rate is 58% and that of females 37%.
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 44 revenue villages and 34 panchayats in Seetanagaram mandal.

</doc>
