<doc id="9651899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651899" title="Lowther Clarke">
Lowther Clarke

Henry Lowther Clarke (known as Lowther; 23 November 1850 – 23 June 1926) was the fourth Anglican bishop and first archbishop of Melbourne, Australia.
Early life.
Clarke was born at Firbank Vicarage, Westmorland, England, the son of the Rev. William Clarke and his wife Sarah, "née" Lowther. He was educated at home and at Sedbergh School, winning a scholarship which took him to St John's College, Cambridge, graduated B.A. in 1874 as seventh wrangler, and M.A. in 1877.
Clarke was ordained deacon in 1874 and priest in 1875 by Archbishop Thomson of York. He was curate of St John's, Kingston-on-Hull, from 1874 to 1876. He subsequently held various positions in the north of England during the next 26 years, including vicar of Dewsbury, Huddersfield. He was proctor for the clergy of Wakefield Diocese in the York Convocation in 1902.
Melbourne.
Clarke was consecrated bishop of Melbourne in St Paul's Cathedral, London, on 1 November 1902. He arrived in Melbourne in February 1903. Since the resignation of Bishop Goe the area of the diocese of Melbourne had been greatly reduced by the formation of new dioceses at Bendigo, Wangaratta and Gippsland. When Clarke began his work he appointed a commission to document the present position and future needs of the diocese, and he later came to the conclusion that certain parishes had become too large and needed subdividing, that means must be found for a more complete training of the clergy, and that there must be an extension of secondary education by means of church schools. In 1905 Clarke became first archbishop of Melbourne and metropolitan of Victoria. He ruled his diocese firmly and refused to allow himself to be allied to any party. Recognizing that what may be called the puritanical and the aesthetic types of mind are permanent in human nature, he felt that the safest approach would be found in a middle course, and that no good would be done by straining for uniformity in minor issues. The question of the reunion of the churches was given some consideration, but little progress was made. There was, however, much expansion in the social work of the church, and several successful secondary schools were established, including the Melbourne Church of England Girls' Grammar School, and Trinity Grammar School, Kew. In 1910 Clarke persuaded the Parliament of Victoria to establish the Melbourne College of Divinity to examine for and grant degrees. He married in 1876 Alice Lovell, daughter of the Rev. Canon Kemp, she died suddenly in 1918. In March 1920 Clarke went to London to attend the Lambeth conference, and in November resigned his position as archbishop of Melbourne.
Late life.
Clarke lived in retirement at Lymington, Hampshire, and kept himself busy with literary work. His published writings include: "History of the Parish of Dewsbury" (1899), "Addresses delivered in England and Australia" (1904), "The Last Things" (1910), "Studies in the English Reformation" (1912), "Addresses delivered to the Synod of the Diocese of Melbourne" (1914), "The Constitutions of the General Provincial and Diocesan Synods of the Church of England in Australia" (1918), "Constitutional Church Government in the Dominions Beyond the Seas" (1924), an authoritative and comprehensive work; "Death and the Hereafter" (1926), and with W. N. Weech a "History of Sedbergh School" (1925). Clarke died on 23 June 1926. He was given the honorary degree of D.D. by both Cambridge and Oxford. Two sons and a daughter survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="9651900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651900" title="Eugene Hanley">
Eugene Hanley

Eugene Hanley (born April 2, 1926) was a New York City labor leader, as well as an associate of the Genovese crime family. Hanley took over as President of Local 257 of the New York City District Council of Carpenters for his father-in-law, a Genovese mobster named Will Graziano. Hanley and Local Vice-President Attilio Bitondo extorted building contractors operating in Manhattan in conjunction with Local shop steward Carmine Fiore, a Gambino crime family soldier, and other organized crime figures linked to the Gambino, Genovese and Colombo crime families. The men ordered beatings for those contractors who refused to back in, but typically, violence wasn't needed.
In 1987, Hanley, Bitondo and other high-ranking officials of the N.Y.C. District Council of Carpenters were indicted on 79 counts of labor racketeering, including extortion, bribery, and bid rigging. District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau claimed that contractors that cooperated with the DA's investigation claimed they paid over $100,000 in extortion payments, but DA Morgenthau explained that the figure documented less than 10% of the money paid to the gangsters during the investigation. Gambino associate turned informant Dominick LoFaro wore a wire to gather information on the unions and gangsters, and provided information to the New York State Organized Crime Task Force leading to the "bugging" of the offices of Local 608 at 1650 Broadway and of Local 257 at 157 East 25th Street. LoFaro also discussed Hanley's ties to other organized crime figures, including Bartholomew "Bobby" Boriello, Albert "Kid Blast" Gallo, Anthony "Tony" Scotto and Anthony "Sonny" Ciccone. Hanley would receive a 4-year prison sentence to lesser charges of bribe giving, and would be banned from future union activities. Hanley earned an early release from prison and received a no-show work release job at Casale Jewelry on Court Street, Brooklyn. Hanley's son William was dismissed from his position as President of Carpenter's Union Local 157 (which was renamed after the massive racketeering indictment) in November 2007, and the Local was placed under trusteeship, citing connections to organized crime, including prevailing upon a contractor to hire a no-work man named Joseph Vecchiarello.

</doc>
<doc id="9651906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651906" title="Paintsville Lake">
Paintsville Lake

Paintsville Lake is a reservoir in Johnson and Morgan counties in eastern Kentucky. It was impounded from Paint Creek in 1983 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It is the major attraction of Paintsville Lake State Park.
History.
Paintsville Lake officially opened to the public in 1983, three years before Paintsville Lake State Park was established.
On December 9, 1978, ten-thousand Johnson County residences had to be evacuated from the area below the construction site of the Paintsville Lake dam. This is because the area had recently received eight inches (200 mm) of rain, which had caused a leak in the coffer dam that was keeping the construction site of the actual dam dry. Luckily, the dam did not break and the residences were allowed to return to their homes the following day.
Fish species.
Paintsville Lake has a variety of game fishing species. Fish that can be caught in the lake include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9651907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651907" title="St. Brendan's College">
St. Brendan's College

"This article is about the school in Yeppoon, Queensland, Australia. For the school in Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland, please see St Brendan's, Killarney
St. Brendan's College (sometimes shortened to "SBC") is a Roman Catholic all-boys day and boarding school founded by the Christian Brothers located in Yeppoon, Queensland. The school was officially opened in 1940 with a total of 59 students. The school describes itself as "Australia's Largest Country Boys Boarding School", and has nurtured the growth of several leading National Rugby League players.
History.
Groundbreaking for the school started on 8 October 1939 and presided by Bishop Romuald Denis Hayes of Rockhampton. The school officially opened in February 1940 with 42 boarders and 17 day students. The first headmaster of St Brendan's was Bro. Basil Gettons.
The school's spiritual and academic policies are rooted in the traditions of Edmund Ignatius Rice and is a member of Edmund Rice Education Australia. The school is named after Saint Brendan the Navigator.
St Ursula's College, Yeppoon, a separate Catholic all-girls day and boarding school located further into the centre of Yeppoon, has shared a close relationship with St Brendan's. Both schools share a relationship with the town's Catholic primary school, Sacred Heart.
The college song, "Bordered by blue waters splendid", details the rural surrounds of the school near Mary's Mount, as well as confirming strength in faith-based learning.
House system.
St. Brendan's College has four houses;
Headmasters.
The Rector of St. Brendan's College has been a Christian Brother from the foundation of the College until the appointment of the 1st Lay Principal, Mr Simon Dash in 2003.
Student demographics and facilities.
Although the school is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church, it accepts students of all faiths and backgrounds.
The school hosts the largest rodeo of the CRCA circuit. The rodeo is held annually over the Father's Day weekend (the first in September in Australia). The school's cattle club and stud program has also garnered a good name for itself. The school allows students to bring their own cattle to prepare for shows.
NATIONAL & STATE COMPETITIONS:
Queensland Independent Secondary Schools Rugby League
Queensland Rugby Union - BALLYMORE CUP
Australasian Christian Brothers Cricket Week
Rugby League program.
The college boasts an impressive schoolboy rugby league program, with an experienced strength and conditioning coach and well equipped gym. Many of the students in the 1st XIII graduate with affiliations or contracts with NRL clubs. Several current and former professional players are St. Brendan's alumni.
Despite the school's reluctance to actively recruit students based on sporting potential, the depth of talent attracted to the school allows its second-string team to be competitive with its rival schools top-class teams. St. Brendan's rugby league has experienced a period of dominance in the annual Confraternity Shield Carnival which is run by the Queensland Independent Secondary Schools Rugby League.
AUSTRALIAN SCHOOLBOYS RUGBY LEAGUE:
Notable alumni.
"list currently being compiled"
"list currently being compiled"
"Australia (Kangaroos) & Queensland (State of Origin)"
"Queensland (State of Origin)"
Associations.
As one of the 27 Christian Brothers Colleges founded throughout Queensland, St. Brendan's College Old Boy's continue to provide Officials, Coaches and Players to this uniquely Queensland Association of Brothers Old Boys Clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="9651930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651930" title="Claire Coffee">
Claire Coffee

Claire Elizabeth Coffee (born April 14, 1980) is an American actress best known for her roles as Cassie Tatum on "The West Wing" (2003), as Nadine Crowell on "General Hospital" (2007–2009), as Janie Ross on "Franklin & Bash" (2011–2012) and as Adalind Schade on "Grimm" (2011–present).
Early life.
Coffee was born in San Francisco, California and has a degree in theater from Northwestern University. She grew up in Monterey, California and attended the Santa Catalina School for girls, starring in plays and musicals.
Career.
She had a recurring role on "The West Wing" as Cassie Tatum in 2003. Between 2007 and 2009 Coffee played nurse Nadine Crowell on "General Hospital". Most recently she played attorney Janie Ross on the TNT series "Franklin & Bash" and can currently be seen on the NBC series "Grimm" as the Hexenbiest Adalind Schade.
Personal life.
Coffee married mandolinist Chris Thile on December 23, 2013 at Blackberry Farm, Walland, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="9651932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651932" title="Chat Barrier X4">
Chat Barrier X4

ChatBarrier X4 is a chat protection software developed by Intego for Mac OS X which protects iChat chats over the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="9651938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651938" title="Shrimp Creole">
Shrimp Creole

Shrimp creole is a dish of Louisiana Creole origin (French, and Spanish Heritage), consisting of cooked shrimp in a mixture of whole or diced tomatoes, the Holy trinity of onion, celery and bell pepper, spiced with hot pepper sauce and/or cayenne-based seasoning, and served over steamed or boiled white rice. The shrimp may be cooked in the mixture or cooked separately and added at the end. Other "creole" dishes may be made by substituting some other meat or seafood for the shrimp, or omitting the meat entirely.
Creole-type dishes combine the qualities of a gumbo and a jambalaya. They are typically thicker and spicier than a gumbo, and the rice is prepared separately and used as a bed for the creole mixture, rather than cooked in the same pot as with a jambalaya. Creole dishes also do not contain broth or roux; instead, the creole mixture is simmered to its desired degree of thickness. Apart from the foundation ingredients of onion, celery and bell pepper, creole dishes are free-form "improvisational" dishes, as the basic recipe may be altered to include whatever ingredients the cook has available.

</doc>
<doc id="9651953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651953" title="Anatomy of Hope">
Anatomy of Hope

The Anatomy of Hope: How People Prevail in the Face of Illness is a 2003 book by Doctor Jerome Groopman. The book was first published in hardback on December 23, 2003 through Random House and deals with the subject of hope and its effect on illnesses.
Synopsis.
In the book Groopman investigates how hope effects human beings that are either undergoing medical care or have a family member that is critically ill. He distinguishes the differences between the types of hope, such as whether or not someone is experiencing false or true hope. For the book, Groopman visits several laboratories that are researching the biological basis of hope to discover whether or not hope can scientifically change someone's physical well-being.
Reception.
Critical reception for "Anatomy of Hope" has been positive. The "New York Times" praised Groopman for never definitively defining hope in the book, as they felt that this made the work succeed that much more in making its point.
Adaptation.
In 2007 HBO began work on a television series based upon the book. The series, which would have been produced and directed by J.J. Abrams, would have been a medical drama. A pilot episode was created and starred John Ortiz, Simon Callow, and Valarie Pettiford, but the series was never picked up.

</doc>
<doc id="9651955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651955" title="Sheikh Fayz Mosque">
Sheikh Fayz Mosque

Sheikh Faydh Mosque was an ancient Sunni mosque in Mashhad, Iran, one of the main Shi'ite centers of the world. It was demolished it in 1993, under the supervision of the revolutionary guard, who also demolished adjoining centers which were used as guest houses and Koran memorization centers. The demolition orders came from Khameni personally, the present spiritual leader of Iran. The demolition of this mosque occurred immediately after the government sponsored demonstrations against the demolition of the Babri Mosque in India by the Hindus.
On 4 February 2001 the imam of the mosque, Mevlavi Musa Karami, was assassinated by an explosion outside a mosque in Herat, some believe by the Iranian government.

</doc>
<doc id="9651966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651966" title="John Howett">
John Howett

John Howett was the President of Toyota Motorsport, and the Toyota F1 team. 
Howett (British) joined Toyota in the late 1970s as a team coordinator for Brussels-based Toyota Team Europe, run by former Toyota F1 boss Ove Andersson. Moving back to England in 1980, he worked for Toyota in after-sales service. In 1991, he returned to Belgium, and worked his way up to be Vice President for Toyota/Lexus sales and marketing. 
In early 2003, Howett moved to Cologne, Germany, where he was made President of Toyota Motorsport, a position he has maintained until June 2010. 
After a start to the 2007 season that saw Toyota maintain 5th in the constructors' standings after the first three races, Howett said the team were looking to chase 3rd placed BMW Sauber and break away from the front of the midfield bunch of teams, which would go a step further to fulfilling their pre-season ambitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9651991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651991" title="Danish Folketing election, 1943">
Danish Folketing election, 1943

Folketing elections were held in Denmark on 23 March 1943 alongside Landsting elections, except in the Faroe Islands where they were held on 3 May. They were the first elections during the German occupation, and although many people feared how the Germans might react to the election, the event took place peacefully. The voter turnout was at 89.5%, the highest of any Danish parliamentary election, and became a demonstration against the occupation. The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 66 of the 149 seats. After the elections, leading German newspapers expressed disappointment and indignation with the lack of political evolution among the Danish voters.
The Communist Party of Denmark had been banned since 1941 and could not participate in these elections.
95% of the vote went to the four biggest, traditional democratic parties. In the years since, there has been some debate about whether this can be seen as democratic support for the government's "cooperation" policy ("samarbejdspolitikken") with the German occupation authorities. Some have argued that the result showed a broad unity of opinion in the population and among politicians in support of the relatively cooperative line taken by the government. Bertel Haarder, citing Knud Kristensen, has argued that the vote was sold as one of solidarity with the Danish constitution, democracy, and a rejection of totalitarian elements in society, and cannot therefore be seen as an explicit endorsement by the population of the government's line.
Results.
Faroe Islands.
The Faroes seat was won by Þ Petersen, an independent who was a member of the People's Party. However, his election victory was not recognised until 16 August 1945, only two and a half months before the elections that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9651992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651992" title="Rough River Lake">
Rough River Lake

Rough River Lake is a reservoir in Breckinridge, Grayson, and Hardin counties in Kentucky.
It was impounded from the Rough River in 1959 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. Rough River Lake Dam is a 132-foot-high earthen dam impounding a maximum capacity of 334,400 acre-feet. It is the primary attraction of Rough River Dam State Resort Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9652007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652007" title="Delio Onnis">
Delio Onnis

Delio Onnis (born 24 March 1948 in Giuliano di Roma) is a retired Argentine football forward. He was nicknamed ""el Tano"" (the Italian) in Argentina.
He is still today the French championship highest scorer, scoring 299 goals from 1972 to 1986 for Stade de Reims, AS Monaco FC, Tours FC and Sporting Toulon Var.
Career.
Born in Italy, he however, has Argentine citizenship and began his career in Argentina. He was the star striker in the successful team of Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata that finished third in 1970, known as ""La Borredora"" ("The Sweeper"). He joined Stade de Reims in 1971, which was a far less successful team than the one of fifteen years earlier and they struggled in Division 1. He then played for AS Monaco FC for seven years, scoring 157 goals. In 1980, despite playing in one of the best teams in Division 1, he signed for newly promoted and inexperienced team FC Tours, where he was twice again Division 1 leading goalscorer. In 1983, as Tours got relegated, he joined SC Toulon, where he finished his career in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="9652022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652022" title="Plymouth Belmont">
Plymouth Belmont

The Plymouth Belmont was a 1954 concept sports car. It (and the 1954 DeSoto Adventurer concept car) were the first plastic-bodied cars by the Chrysler Corporation. The Belmont seated two and used a V8 engine, that produced up to . It was originally painted in a light blue metallic, it was painted red later. It was 191.5" long. Had it ever become a production model, its main competitors would have been the Chevrolet Corvette and the Ford Thunderbird.

</doc>
<doc id="9652026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652026" title="Sridhar Rangayan">
Sridhar Rangayan

Sridhar Rangayan (also spelt Sridhar Rangaihn or Sridhar Rangayyan; born 2 April 1962) is an Indian filmmaker who has made films with special focus on queer subjects. His queer films, "The Pink Mirror" and "Yours Emotionally", have been considered groundbreaking because of their realistic and sympathetic portrayal of the largely closeted Indian gay community. His film" The Pink Mirror" remains banned in India by the Indian Censor Board because of its homosexual content.
Rangayan was born in Mandya, Karnataka. As a gay activist, he has been one of the front-rank leaders in the LGBT movement in India and has contributed immensely towards the growth of awareness about sexual minorities in India.
He is a Founder Member and Trustee of The Humsafar Trust, the first gay NGO in India, along with Ashok Row Kavi. He served on its board till January 2013. He also designed and edited India's first gay magazine "Bombay Dost" between 1999–2003.
In 2006, he was awarded the South Asian Achievers Award for his contribution to global mainstream media by Triangle Media Group (TMG), UK.
In 2010, he has served on the Jury for the Teddy Awards at the 60th Berlinale (Berlin, Germany), Jury for Matter of Act awards at the Movies That Matter film festival (The Hague, Netherlands) and also as Jury for SATO-48 (USA) competition.
He has been part of the eminent international jury of Outfest 2012, Los Angeles and Iris Prize 2013, UK
He is the Festival Director of Kashish Mumbai Queer Film Festival that was held in Mumbai, India from April 22–25, 2010 showcasing more than 110 queer films from 25 countries at two venues. For the first time ever, a queer film festival was held at a mainstream multiplex venue PVR Cinemas.
He has been elected as Regional Director (region 19) of Interpride which is a network of more than 160 Gay Pride organizations from more than 35 countries in 162 cities, dedicated to LGBT Pride parades and other events.
He is also the Festival Director of Flashpoint Human Rights Film Festival that was held in Mumbai, India from December 8–10, 2010 at Alliance française de Bombay and screened 8 documentary films on human rights issues along with panel discussions on several topics like human trafficking and the law, violence against women and religious intolerance.
Early life and career.
Sridhar Rangayan is a graduate of National Institute of Technology Karnataka and has a Post-graduate in Design from Industrial Design Centre, IIT Bombay, specializing in Visual Communication. Sridhar Rangayan worked with the National Institute for the Hearing Handicapped as Mass Media Officer and then for a while as a textile designer for an export firm, designing tapestries and carpets.
In 1994 he attended a short course in film appreciation at the FTII, Pune. Thereafter he apprenticed with Indian directors like Sai Paranjpye on the film "Papeeha" and TV serial "Hum Panchi Ek Chal Ke" and Dev Benegal on his feature "English, August". He wrote the screenplay and dialogues for Kalpana Lajmi's serial "The Awakening" (Doordarshan) and was the Associate Director for the serial "Dawn" (Star Plus). Both these were produced by Bhupen Hazarika, the Assamese music director and singer.
From 1999 to 2002, Rangayan scripted and directed several television series like "Rishtey" and "Gubbare" for (Zee TV), "Kagaar" for (Sahara TV) and "Krisshna Arjun", "Kahani Jurrm Ki" for (Star Plus). His serial "Pyar Ki Kashti Mein" for Star One (2004) was the first Indian serial to be entirely shot on a cuiseliner (SuperStar Virgo) and also in Singapore and Malaysia.
In 2001 he founded his production company Solaris Pictures along with his partner Saagar Gupta, a writer and art director. The company is perhaps the only production company in India to specialize in production of gay themed films. For his company, Rangayan scripted, produced and directed 'India's first film on drag queens' "Gulabi Aaina" which came 9 years after India's first gay film, Riyad Vinci Wadia's "Bomgay". "Gulabi Aaina" has screened at more than 70 international film festivals and won several awards. This film, which is a sensitive portrayal of the marginalized community of Indian transsexuals, has become part of libraries and academic course work in US universities.
His first feature "Yeh Hai Chakkad Bakkad Bumbe Bo" (The Sensational Six) is produced by the Children's Film Society of India CFSI. It is a children's film that combines breezy fun-filled adventure with social values. It won the Bronze Remi Award at WorldFest, Houston and has been screened at several children's film festivals. The film is written by playwright and screenwriter Vijay Tendulkar based on a story by writer and MP Shakuntala Paranjpye.
Rangayan's next film "Yours Emotionally", a co-production with a UK production company Wise Thoughts portrayed the angst of a gay British Asian falling in love with a bisexual Indian man in a small town. The film is considered to be a bold exploration of the Indian gay milieu with its stark and naked portrayal of homoerotic desires. Termed as an "intoxicating queer journey through India", the film also raises questions about racism and identity. The film has screened at several international film festivals including Tasveer - Seattle South Asian Film Festival and Prague Bollywood Film Festival.
His recent film "68 Pages" about stigma and discrimination faced by HIV positive people has been funded by DFID, UK and co-produced by his company Solaris Pictures along with The Humsafar Trust. This film which premiered at the International Film Festival of Kerala (IFFK) in December 2007 is about a HIV/AIDS counselor and how she instills hope and a will to live, among five HIV positive people from marginalized communities. A transsexual bar dancer, a gay couple, a sex worker and a drug user form the five narratives in this film. HIVOS has granted a fund to support screening of the film throughout India as part of its advocacy initiative. The National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) has made the film mandatory for all counselor training programmes throughout India as part of their NACP III program.
He was named to the jury for the Teddy Award for LGBT films at the 2010 Berlin International Film Festival (Berlinale).
Apart from filmmaking, Rangayan is also actively involved with human rights issues and the disability sector. He has made short film on cancer intervention and rehabilitation as well as several films on hearing impairment.
Awards.
Rangayan and his films have won several awards, both Indian and international. They are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9652040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652040" title="Don't Take Your Time">
Don't Take Your Time

"Don't Take Your Time" is the first major studio album released by jazz vocalist Erin Bode. It was recorded over two days at the beginning of December 2003 and released on June 8, 2004 by the label Max Jazz. It has been regarded as "an impressive affair" and that Bode has "irresistibility impossible to deny."
The album contains mostly covers of songs from various genres and Bode is backed by a studio band. The album only one song exclusively penned by Bode and her collaborator, pianist Adam Maness (who would have more impact on her second album, "Over and Over").
Personnel.
Band:
Production:
Reception.
Even though it was her first major label recording, Bode garnered much praise from the jazz community. Allmusic (AMG) states in their review that she "is very deserving of nationwide exposure." Though not the Erin Bode Band that would follow her on tour and on her next album, the backing studio band also receives attention. PortFolio Weekly reviewer Jim Newsom comments on Bode's rendition of Bob Dylan's "Tonight I’ll Be Staying Here With You" as "a soul-jazz pocket, pushed by Bruce Barth’s gospelly piano", which AMG also calls "bluesy" on the track "Gee Baby, Ain't I Good to You."
Bode's cover of Cyndi Lauper's "Time After Time" garnered much playing time on the radio, especially in her local state. AMG, however, stated that the track "sticks a little too close to the pop world." The lone Bode composed track on the album, the title song "Don't Take Your Time", also received considerable airplay, solidifying "an incredible fan base and airplay to follow." Newsom calls the track "a journey through territory not too far removed from that of Norah Jones, but with more punch."

</doc>
<doc id="9652059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652059" title="University of Missouri Press">
University of Missouri Press

The University of Missouri Press is a university press operated by the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri and London, England. It was founded in 1958 primarily through the efforts of English professor William Peden at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. Many publications are by, for, and about Missourians. the press also emphasizes the areas of American and world history; military history; intellectual history; biography; journalism; African American studies; women's studies; American, British, and Latin American literary criticism; journalism; political science; regional studies; and creative nonfiction. The Press has published 2,000 books since its founding and currently publishes about 30 mostly academic books a year.
Notable Publications.
Among its notable publications were:
Series.
The American Military Experience Series, edited by John C. McManus.
The books in this series portray and analyze the experience of Americans in military service during war and peacetime from the onset of the twentieth century to the present. The series emphasizes the profound impact wars have had on nearly every aspect of recent American history and considers the significant effects of modern conflict on combatants and noncombatants alike. Titles in the series may include accounts of battles, campaigns, and wars; unit histories; biographical and autobiographical narratives; investigations of technology and warfare; studies of the social and economic consequences of war; and in general, the best recent scholarship on Americans in the modern armed forces. The books in the series are written and designed for a diverse audience that encompasses nonspecialists as well as expert readers.
The Collected Works of Langston Hughes
The University of Missouri Press is proud to have completed the publication of The Collected Works of Langston Hughes, a compilation of the novels, short stories, poems, plays, essays, and other published work by one of the twentieth century's most prolific and influential African American authors. The series makes available Hughes's most famous works as well as lesser-known and out-of-print selections, providing readers and libraries with a comprehensive source for the first time. The volumes of the Collected Works have been published with the same goal that Hughes pursued throughout his lifetime: making his books available to the people. Each volume includes a chronology by Arnold Rampersad as well as an introduction by the volume's editor.
The Collected Works of Eric Voegelin
Eric Voegelin (1901-1985) was one of the most original and influential philosophers of our time. Born in Cologne, Germany, he studied at the University of Vienna, where he became a professor of political science in the Faculty of Law. In 1938, he and his wife, fleeing Hitler, immigrated to the United States. They became American citizens in 1944. Voegelin spent much of his career at Louisiana State University, the University of Munich, and the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.
During his lifetime he published many books and more than one hundred articles. The Collected Works of Eric Voegelin makes available in a uniform edition all of Voegelin's major writings. In thirty-four volumes the Collected Works includes the monumental, never-before-published History of Political Ideas; important published essays not previously collected in book form or published only in German; previously unpublished essays; selected correspondence; translations of seven books, four of them never before available in English; and the five-volume Order and History.
The Eric Voegelin Institute Series in Political Philosophy
A series of studies in political theory, constitutionalism, and intellectual history, The Eric Voegelin Institute Series in Political Philosophy consists of original, single-authored scholarly studies addressing the perennial issues of political philosophy in its theoretical, institutional, biographical, and historical aspects.
The Give 'Em Hell Harry Series, edited by Robert H. Ferrell
Harry S. Truman, the "man from Missouri" who served as the thirty-third president of the United States, has been the subject of many books. Historians, political figures, friends, foes, and family members—all have sought to characterize, understand, and interpret this figure who continues to live in the minds and imaginations of a broad reading public. The Give 'Em Hell Harry Series is designed to keep available in reasonably priced paperback editions the best books that have been written about this remarkable man.
The Mark Twain and His Circle Series, edited by Tom Quirk
This series incorporates books on Mark Twain and the several circles he inhabited (domestic, political, artistic, and other) to provide a venue for new research in Twain studies and, from time to time, to reprint significant studies that have been too long out of print.
The Missouri Biography Series, edited by William E. Foley
The Missouri Biography Series accomplishes a valuable goal—making available biographies of notable Missourians. This series focuses on citizens who were born in the state and those whose careers had significant impact on the region. From baseball great Stan Musial to renowned musician Scott Joplin to former president Harry S. Truman, this series highlights the lives of some of the notable individuals who have dwelt in our magnificent state.
The Missouri Heritage Readers Series, edited by Rebecca B. Schroeder
Each Missouri Heritage Reader explores a particular aspect of the state's rich cultural heritage. Focusing on people, places, historical events, and the details of daily life, these books illustrate the ways in which people from all parts of the world contributed to the development of the state and the region. The books incorporate documentary and oral history, folklore, and informal literature in a way that makes these resources accessible to all Missourians. Intended primarily for adult new readers, these books will also be invaluable to readers of all ages interested in the cultural and social history of Missouri.
The Shades of Blue and Gray Series, edited by Herman Hattaway, Jon Wakelyn, and Clayton E. Jewett
Military history today addresses the relationship between society and warfare. Thus biographies and thematic studies that deal with civilians, soldiers, political leaders are increasingly important to a larger public. The Shades of Blue and Gray Series offers Civil War studies for the modern reader—Civil War buff and scholar alike. 
The Sports and American Culture Series, edited by Roger Launius 
This spirited series explores sports in relation to the main currents of American culture. The series, which will include biographies, autobiographies, and team histories, as well as explorations of exciting eras, events, and moments, will address the issues of race, gender, ethnicity, class, immigration, urban life, and the revolutionary role of the media in the contemporary presentation of sports.
The Southern Women Series, edited by Theda Perdue, Betty Brandon, and Virginia Bernhard
The Paul Anthony Brick Lectures, which include works by such notable scholars as John Hope Franklin and Sissela Bok
Reorginization.
The University proposed in spring 2012 to close the press and terminate its ten employees in order to end the University's $400,000 annual subsidy. The decision was reversed in August 2012 after public outcry. As part of the reorganization the Press now reports up to the main Columbia campus rather than the University of Missouri System. A new director was hired in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9652067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652067" title="Princess Maria Theresa of Savoy">
Princess Maria Theresa of Savoy

Maria Theresa of Savoy (Maria Teresa; 31 January 1756 – 2 June 1805) was a princess of Savoy by birth and the wife of Charles Philippe, Count of Artois, grandson of Louis XV and younger brother of Louis XVI. Some nineteen years after her death, her husband assumed the throne of France as King Charles X.
Background.
Princess Maria Theresa of Savoy was born at the Royal Palace in Turin during the reign of her grandfather Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia. The daughter of the heir apparent and his wife, Victor Amadeus and Maria Antonia of Spain, she was the couple's fifth daughter and eleventh child. She was raised with her sister Princess Maria Giuseppina who was three years her senior and who she would join later as a member of the royal family of France.
Betrothal and marriage.
Following a series of dynastic alliances, Maria Theresa was betrothed to the Count of Artois, the youngest grandson of the reigning Louis XV of France. Artois had previously been intended to marry Louise Adélaïde de Bourbon, the daughter of the Prince of Condé, however the union never took place as her rank was much lower than Artois who, as a male line descendant of a French monarch, was a "grandson of France". Maria Theresa married the count in a proxy ceremony at the Palazzina di caccia di Stupinigi before her official marriage, which took place at the Palace of Versailles on 16 November 1773. 
This marriage was the second of three Franco-Savoyard marriages that would take place within four years. In April 1771, her elder sister Maria Giuseppina had married the Count of Provence, who was the elder brother of Maria Thérèse's husband; later, in 1775, her brother Charles Emmanuel, by then heir to the throne of Sardinia himself, would marry Princess Marie Clotilde of France, sister of the Count of Artois.
As her husband was the grandson of a king, the newly named Marie Thérèse held the rank of "granddaughter of France." This rank allowed to her to maintain the style of "Royal Highness" that she had enjoyed from birth as the granddaughter of the king of Sardinia. However, at Versailles, the simple style "Madame la comtesse d'Artois" was used instead.
Maria Theresa was one of the most disliked figures at the French court of the time, although she avoided the worst of the abuse directed at her sister-in-law Marie Antoinette. The Count of Mercy-Argenteau, who corresponded with Holy Roman Empress Maria Theresa regarding Marie Antoinette, said that she was silent and interested in absolutely nothing. Maria Theresa was not regarded as a beauty at Versailles, but her complexion was generally admired. She was a cousin of the famous Princess Marie Louise of Savoy, Princess of Lamballe, a great friend of Marie Antoinette. She was also a cousin of the Prince of Condé, who would later be instrumental in leading a large counter-revolutionary army of émigrés.
Roughly a year after Maria Theresa's arrival at Versailles, she became pregnant with her first child, Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême, the first child of the new royal generation. The next year she gave birth to a daughter Sophie, who was known as "Mademoiselle" as the most senior unmarried princess at court. She died at the age of six in 1783. Her second son, Charles Ferdinand, Duke of Berry, was born in 1778. Her last child, Marie Thérèse d'Artois, presumably named after her mother, died while the court was at Choisy-le-Roi at the age of just 6 months.
Maria Theresa fled France with her husband shortly after the storming of the Bastille (14 July 1789), which marked the beginning of the French Revolution. Some time after, she took refuge in her homeland of Savoy. She died in exile at Graz, (Austria), in 1805. Because she died before her husband became king of France, she remained Countess of Artois. She was buried in the Imperial Mausoleum next to Graz Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9652068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652068" title="George Clarke (New Zealand pioneer)">
George Clarke (New Zealand pioneer)

George Clarke (29 June 1823 – 10 March 1913) was an Australian-born New Zealand pioneer and educationist.
Early life.
George Clarke was born in Parramatta, New South Wales, the son of George Clarke, an early missionary to New Zealand who came from Norfolk and arrived at Hobart, Van Diemen's Land in September 1822. Clarke senior then went to Sydney, and while waiting for a ship to New Zealand, took charge of an establishment of Aborigines near Parramatta. The family went on to New Zealand in 1824 and settled at Bay of Islands and farmed at Waimate. In 1832 George Clarke the younger was sent to Hobart and went to R. W. Giblin's school. Returning to New Zealand early in 1837 the boy studied with the Rev. W. Williams, afterwards Bishop of Waiapu. In 1839 he went with Williams to Poverty Bay, still continuing his studies, and there obtained an excellent knowledge of the Māori language, and of the mentality of the Maoris; an invaluable experience that he found of great use a year or two later.
Career.
In 1840 Clarke's father was made protector of aborigines by the recently appointed lieutenant-governor, Captain Hobson. The seat of government was transferred to Auckland, and there the elder Clarke bought a large block of land from the Maoris for the government. In January 1841 his son was appointed a clerk in the native department of the civil service of New Zealand. He had already formed the ambition of becoming a clergyman, but for five years he remained in the government employ, first as an interpreter, then as a Maori advocate and protector, and eventually as a negotiator with the Maoris. In all these capacities he did most valuable work. Clarke accompanied Commissioner William Spain as an interpreter,during his inquiry into the claims of the New Zealand Land Company, and was fiercely assailed by the representatives of the company. Eventually the claims of the company were reduced. New Plymouth and Manawatu were shown to have been purchased correctly but in most other cases the New Zealand company had to pay further sums to Maori as compensation. In June 1844 Clarke was sent to Otago to assist in the purchase of a large block of land for the projected Scottish settlement. Clarke had to fight hard to preserve the Maoris' Pa, village cultivations and burial grounds, but eventually succeeded, and the sale of something over 400,000 acres (1,600 km²) of what is now the province of Otago was concluded. Clarke wrote out the original Maori deed and English translation, and took pride in the fact that no dispute ever arose subsequently in regard to the transaction. For eight of the early months of 1845 Clarke was in the centre of the war with the Maoris, and for most of the time was the only representative of the government in the district. On 18 November 1845 Governor Grey arrived and Clarke was at once attached to his personal staff. Grey was anxious to put an end to the war and eventually peace was declared. Clarke said of this conflict "Heke's war stands quite alone in the history of our struggles with the Maori race; alone in its magnanimity, its chivalry, its courtesy, and, I dare say, its control by Christian sentiment". In another place he mentions that "Heke always said, if fight we must, let us fight like gentlemen". But though Clarke could pay these well-deserved tributes in his account of the great chief, he could say little about his own conduct as representative of the government, which was equally creditable. In 1846, greatly to the regret of Grey, Clarke resigned from the government service. Grey pointed out to him that he had splendid prospects if he would remain, but his health had suffered, he still retained his ambition to be a minister of the Gospel, and, moreover, he could not reconcile his conscience with some of the acts of the government.
Minister.
Clarke left New Zealand for Hobart and early in 1847 sailed to London and entered at Highbury College. He was ordained in the Union Chapel, Islington in 1851, and at once returned to Hobart to become minister of the Collins Street church. Soon a larger church was built in Davey Street, and for over 50 years he remained its pastor, honoured and beloved by all and never losing his appeal to the younger people. He took much interest in higher education, and was a member of the Tasmanian Council of Education for many years from 1878 and its president 1880–81. He was also a member of the Royal Society of Tasmania and a promoter of the Hobart Debating and Literary Association. He was one of the founders of the University of Tasmania, its first vice-chancellor from May 1890 to May 1898, and chancellor from May 1898 to May 1907, when he retired. He had retired from his church work in 1904. He died at Hobart on 10 March 1913. Apart from his "Notes on Early Life in New Zealand", which appeared in 1903, Clarke's only publications were some separately published sermons and addresses and a small collection of "Short Liturgies for Congregational Worship". He also wrote the memoir of James Backhouse Walker prefixed to his "Early Tasmania". Clarke married a daughter of Henry Hopkins and was survived by two sons and four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9652076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652076" title="The Other Darker Ned">
The Other Darker Ned

The Other, Darker Ned is a 1979 novel written by author Anne Fine about a girl (called Ione) who hears her blind father complaining to his secretary that she only ever 'mopes' and he wishes that she would do something. She then goes to an Oxfam shop and takes a huge shock when she hears about poverty in India.
Ione holds a jumble sale in the village to buy a bullock for farmers in India who are dying. The title "The Other Darker Ned" refers to the character she sees in her head who is a resemblance of her friend Ned. She becomes so shaken by the image that she decides to stop at nothing to hold the jumble sale. She is extremely successful and manages to buy two bullocks, get Ned, and his girlfriend (Professor Muffet's secretary) to stop quarrelling and fall in love.

</doc>
<doc id="9652081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652081" title="Mickey's Gala Premier">
Mickey's Gala Premier

"Mickey's Gala Premier" is a Walt Disney cartoon produced in 1933, directed by Burt Gillett, and featuring parodies of several famous Hollywood film actors from the 1930s.
Some sources claim this cartoon is called ""Mickey's Gala Premiere"". However ""Premier"" can be clearly read from the title card.
Synopsis.
A new Mickey Mouse cartoon will have its premiere in the Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. Several Hollywood celebrities all arrive in limousines to attend this special event. Outside The Keystone Cops (Ben Turpin, Ford Sterling, Mack Swain, Harry Langdon and Chester Conklin) are guarding the traffic.
Wallace Beery, Marie Dressler, Lionel Barrymore, John Barrymore and Ethel Barrymore step out of the first limousine, all costumed as in the film "Rasputin and the Empress" (1932). Then Laurel and Hardy leave the car and close the door behind them. Inside The Marx Brothers all stick their heads out of the car window.
In the next scene Maurice Chevalier, Eddie Cantor costumed as in the film "The Kid from Spain", and Jimmy Durante take turns singing in front of a microphone. They are followed by Jean Harlow, Joan Crawford costumed as in the film "Rain" and Constance Bennett all singing new lyrics to the chant. Finally Harold Lloyd, Clark Gable, Edward G. Robinson, and Adolphe Menjou join in to conclude the song.
Sid Grauman is saluting all the guests. George Arliss and Joe E. Brown simply enter, but Charlie Chaplin sneaks inside. Then Buster Keaton enters the building, followed by The Marx Brothers all hidden under Groucho Marx' coat. Mae West enters, costumed as in the film "She Done Him Wrong", and utters her famous line, "Why don't you come up sometime and see me?", which shocks and embarrasses Grauman.
Then Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Horace Horsecollar, and Clarabelle Cow arrive in a limousine and are cheered by the audience. Once inside the theatre Mickey’s new cartoon, "Gallopin' Romance", premieres. The plot revolves around Mickey and Minnie playing music together, when suddenly Pegleg Pete kidnaps Minnie and drives off on a horse (Horace Horsecollar). Mickey chases him and beats Pete in the end, bringing Minnie to safety.
All the guests in the theatre move rhythmically to the music. We can see Helen Hayes, William Powell, Chester Morris, Gloria Swanson, and George Arliss in the audience. In the next close-up scenes the viewer can identify Jimmy Durante, Wallace Beery, Marie Dressler, Rudy Vallee, Joan Crawford, Will H. Hays (dressed as a king in reference to his position as "“Censorship Czar”") and Myrna Loy. Ed Wynn, Wheeler & Woolsey, Laurel & Hardy all laugh with the cartoon. Bela Lugosi (dressed as Count Dracula), Fredric March (dressed as Mr. Hyde) and Boris Karloff (dressed as the Frankenstein's monster) do the same, but with spooky evil laughter. Joe E. Brown laughs so loud that his enormous mouth opens wide, while Buster Keaton keeps his poker face. Jimmy Durante and Douglas Fairbanks laugh so loud that they literally "roll in the aisles". They are joined in by Groucho Marx, Joe E. Brown, Charlie Chaplin, Harold Lloyd and Oliver Hardy. As the cartoon ends the whole audience applauds and congratulates Mickey with his success. But Mickey is so shy that he has to be pulled on the stage by Will Rogers with a rope. All the Hollywood actors now shake Mickey’s hands (and feet!) to congratulate him with his success. Then Greta Garbo walks onto the stage and starts covering Mickey’s face with kisses. Mickey wakes up in his bed, while Pluto is licking his face. Mickey wonders if he was dreaming.
Other Hollywood celebrities that can be spotted in the crowd scenes: Constance Bennett, Warner Baxter, and Walt Disney (as the fourth person on the right, in the scene where the other actors shy away because Garbo enters the stage).
Temporary shutdown of BBC Television Service.
On 1 September 1939, "Mickey’s Gala Premiere" was the final programme broadcast by the BBC Television Service (today's BBC One) before it ceased broadcasting during World War II. An urban legend about this final broadcast claims that due to the sudden outbreak of the war the BBC cut the cartoon short, and when BBC-TV resumed after the conflict, it was picked up at the very point it had been interrupted. (Some versions of the tale have the same presenter from 1939 say, "Now, as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted...") 
Despite this widespread belief, the cartoon was shown in its entirety and then followed by an announcement of later scheduled programming (which wasn't shown) and tuning signals. On 7 June 1946, the day BBC television broadcasts resumed after the war, "Mickey’s Gala Premiere" was shown again.

</doc>
<doc id="9652103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652103" title="East One">
East One

East One, also known as Dalmarnock Tower, is a proposed high-rise residential building in Glasgow, Scotland. As originally proposed, the tower included a hotel, and had a projected height of 180.00 metres over 55 floors, which would have made it the second-tallest building in the United Kingdom outside London, after the proposed Piccadilly Tower in Manchester (188 m). However, an updated proposal submitted for outline planning permission in December 2007 shows a reduced tower of 39 storeys. The proposed tower would be built on a site in Millerfield Road, Dalmarnock, close to the site of the 2014 Commonwealth Games. The tower will be accompanied by low-rise residential development.

</doc>
<doc id="9652108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652108" title="AllBusiness.com">
AllBusiness.com

AllBusiness.com provides business information and resources for small businesses, those companies with fewer than 500 employees. The company also conducts research to measure the health and direction of the small business sector.
History.
AllBusiness was cofounded in 1999 by San Francisco lawyer Richard Harroch, Keith Belling, and Jerry Engel. Harroch served as the company's chairman, Belling as CEO, and Engel as chief financial officer. Within a year, AllBusiness grew to more than 100 employees and the company hired Teymour Boutros-Ghali (a nephew of former UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali) as CEO and Belling moved to the position of President. It was acquired by NBCi, the Internet venture of NBC, a subsidiary of General Electric, in March 2000 for $225 million USD. At the time, it was one of the largest purchases of a dot-com company. NBCi merged AllBusiness with an independent Internet company, BigVine.com, in November 2000 and the combined entity assumed the name AllBusiness.
The combined AllBusiness entity remained intact through April 2002 until being broken up and sold to various buyers, including Harroch, who bought back the original core assets of AllBusiness at that time.
AllBusiness is one of the few companies that survived the early Internet frenzy, the burst of the dot-com bubble and a slow recovery of the Internet publishing industry. AllBusiness raised $10 million USD in a series B round of venture capital funding in July 2004
In December 2007, Dun & Bradstreet acquired AllBusiness for $55 million USD. Today AllBusiness.com is part of D&B Digital, a group responsible for the free, advertising-supported Web sites owned by D&B. The site now offers more than twenty million pieces of business content including articles, periodicals, videos, blogs and legal forms and agreements.
In January 2012 AllBusiness laid off its staff and Dun and Bradstreet put the domain up for sale. On March 31, 2012, Dun and Bradstreet reported on their form 10-Q that they had sold the AllBusiness.com domain to e-personalfinance.com for $400,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9652112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652112" title="KHHO">
KHHO

KHHO (850 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports radio format. Licensed to Tacoma, Washington, USA, the station serves the Tacoma portion of the Seattle-Tacoma radio market. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel and features programing from Fox Sports Radio and Premiere Radio Networks. Its branding is South Sound Sports 850 and it carries the majority Fox Sports Radio lineup of programs. Some of the weekday programming is simulcast through its sister station, 950 KJR.The station carries play-by-play of the Tacoma Rainiers Pacific Coast League team. It was previously Tacoma's network affiliate of the Washington State Cougars IMG College network. KHHO will now be part of KJR-AM's broadcast of the Washington IMG College Network starting in the 2011-12 season. The station's transmitter site is in Tacoma, and operates from its studios in Seattle's Queen Anne neighborhood northwest of downtown.
History.
The station went on the air as KTAC ("85 KTAC") in 1960, and was a Top 40 competitor to KJR-, KING and KOL throughout the 1970s. Don Wade, Robert O'Smith, John Williams, Ron Erak, Bruce Cannon, Bob Case and Ric Hansen were among the air personalities during its Top 40 dominance of the south Puget Sound area. The calls changed to KMTT on June 19, 1992, simulcasting with then-sister station KMTT-FM (103.7 The Mountain). Entercom sold the station to Southwave Wireless, LLC (Steve West and Dan Walker) in 1996, and on March 11, 1996, the station changed its call sign to the current KHHO and launched a news/talk format (K-H-2-O, The Voice of the South Sound) featuring Manda Factor, Jeff Walker and Bruce Cannon. In 1998, the station was acquired by The Ackerley Group and adopted an all-sports format.

</doc>
<doc id="9652119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652119" title="Tetsuya Ota">
Tetsuya Ota

Life.
Following his education at Musashi University, Ota turned to racing cars in 1982. He drove in the junior formula FJ1600 (Formula Japan) series before moving on to All-Japan Formula Three Championship in 1986 and then graduated to race in the domestic Formula 3000 series between 1987 to 1991, excepting 1989. Ota also competed in numerous domestic series such as Japanese Touring Car Championship (JTCC), All Japan Sports Prototype Championship (JSPC) and Fuji Grand Champion Series as well as in Super Taikyu. While competing in JSPC, Ota was a factory driver for Mazda between 1989 to 1991.
Ota's first foray in racing outside Japan was when he competed in four straight 24 Hours of Le Mans races between 1993 to 1996, all with a DNF and one DNS.
In 1990 Ota married Atsuko. In 1993 he became a regular contributor to Neko Publishing's Tipo magazine. This gave him the privilege of being on the selection committee of the Car of the Year Japan (COTY).
Since his inaugural season Ota has competed in the All-Japan GT Championship. His speciality was racing Ferraris, especially in other series. Ota became the most highly regarded driver of the marque in Japan.
1998 JGTC Fuji incident.
On May 3, 1998, during round 2 of the JGTC at Fuji Speedway, Ota was badly injured. There were 47,000 spectators in attendance for the 67 lap race. At the time of race there was torrential rain and visibility was limited. Following the parade lap, the safety car drove through the starting line at 150 km/h (93 mph) then suddenly slowed down. This caused 910 Racing's Porsche 911 RSR driven by Tomohiko Sunako to aquaplane and strike the rear of Kaoru Hoshino's 911 GT2. Of the GT300 cars, the third car in front of the Porsches (and 22nd on the grid), the BMW M3 of Yasushi Hitotsuyama, behind, managed to avoid the Porsche by driving onto the grass and then back to the circuit, while the Porsche struck a barrier and rested on the grass. A caution flag was waved out.
Seconds later, the Team Ferrari Club of Japan's Ferrari F355 Challenge driven by Ota, slowed down, causing it to aquaplane and swerve left directly onto the Porsche. Both exploded into a fireball on impact. The Ferrari, after hitting the wall, slid across to the other side of the track and rested at the pit stop exit. Another Porsche swerved to avoid Ota.
Luckily, the driver of the blazing Porsche managed to stumble out of his car with a fractured right leg and was quickly attended to by rescue officials.
The RE Amemiya RX-7 driven by Shinichi Yamaji stopped in front of the Ferrari while the other cars drove on. Yamaji used a fire extinguisher from the side of the track to extinguish the fire and then helped to release Ota's safety harness. He did this before race marshals arrived.
Ota was trapped in his car for 1 minute and 30 seconds while exposed to 800-degree temperatures and had to be dragged out of the car by a safety marshal. The marshal lay him on the ground which caused his semi-melted visor to sag onto his face. Ota attempted to get up, but fell. During his another attempt, another marshal spotted Ota, picked him up, and bundled him into the circuit's minivan, rather than the ambulance.
Ota was taken to a hospital in Gotemba where he was treated for third-degree burns to his face and neck area and minor burns to the rest of the body. He was fortunate to survive. He required plastic surgery to the nasal area as a result of the visor melting on his face. He also suffered from intoxication from the fumes he inhaled from the fire.
As a result of his injuries, Ota was unable thereafter to move his right arm, right shoulder and fingers properly, causing an end to his professional race career.
Race canceled.
The race was to be rescheduled to a shortened 51 lap race, but thick fog rolled in over the circuit causing the race to be delayed. Organizers waited, hoping that the weather would improve, but by 17:00 the organizers announced that the race was officially called off and all results were voided.
Subsequent court case.
Reports on the incident were filed by the JAF and race organizers. One of the reports stated that Ota did not wear a fire resistant balaclava as required; which he denied. Also, the report stated that the safety team started fighting fire 20 seconds after the accident, but the reality was the flames of Ota's car were first fought by fellow drivers 50 seconds after the crash while Ota was still trapped inside.
As a result, Ota filed a damages suit for about ¥290 million ($2,500,000 US) against seven organizers for their failure to implement proper safety measures in Tokyo District Court in November 1999. Those held liable included circuit operator, Fuji Speedway, series organizer, Japan Automobile Federation (JAF); the race operator, VICIC (Victory Circle Club) and broadcaster TV Tokyo.
On 29 October 2003 six race sponsors and promoters including TV Tokyo, VICIC and Fuji Speedway were found guilty of gross negligence. The success of the lawsuit was due to the recorded TV coverage of the incident which was shown in court. The responsible parties were ordered to pay ¥90 million ($800,000 US) compensation for pain and suffering, on the grounds that their first aid response was poorly prepared and their race marshals were poorly trained. The judge, Tsuyoshi Ono, decided that organizers neglected their responsibility, as Ota was left in his burning vehicle for longer than the 30 seconds in which he should have been out of the car. The organizers had failed to take sufficient precautionary measures, such as having fire engines on standby as is required to extinguish fires and rescue drivers in 30 seconds or less.
The judge determined the pre-race agreement between Ota and the organizers not to pursue legal action in the event of an accident was unacceptable. Despite his written pledge to organizers not to seek compensation in the event of an accident, which all drivers were required to sign, the judge ruled it unfair and said it runs counter to public order and morals. Ono added that the pledge, branded by him as a ""death pledge"", aims to exempt organizers from responsibility, allowing them to benefit economically from races.
The judge ruled that the safety car was driving at an excessive pace of 150 km/h rather than at the safety pace of 60 km/h, causing the accident when it suddenly slowed down and determined the "fire fighting and rescue preparations were also not up to scratch."
The judge ruled that Ota was partially responsible as he did not decelerate early enough. Ota was satisfied with the outcome.
TV Tokyo denied any responsibility themselves throughout the case, as they did not regard themselves as one of the race organizers. The court found TV Tokyo guilty of gross negligence for attempting to avoid responsibility for its part in the incident.
The claim against JAF was rejected as they could not be held responsible.
Post court case.
Shortly after, there has been a documentary film about the incident titled "Crash" , released in 2003 as well as the book titled "Re•Birth", documenting his struggle to rebuild his life and his body.
A number of improved safety measures were introduced following the accident, including the introduction of a "doctor car" that contained medical and rescue specialists.
Ota has since continued to be involved in motorsport, but no longer on a professional scale. He runs a car tuning and race preparation garage, named Tezzo, specializing in Italian cars.
Shinichi Yamaji, the driver who saved Ota's life by extinguishing his car's fire and pulling him out, passed away on May 26, 2014, aged 50, from an undisclosed long illness. He reportedly checked in a hospital on May 25 due to a worsening health condition and died suddenly the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="9652125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652125" title="Hale-Byrnes House">
Hale-Byrnes House

The Hale-Byrnes House is a historic home located at 606 Stanton-Christiana Road, Stanton, New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in 1750, and is a two-story, five bay brick dwelling. The house was built by Samuel Hale, who sold it to Daniel Byrnes in 1754. The house gained historic stature after the Battle of Cooch's Bridge, the only Revolutionary War battle in Delaware. After the skirmish General George Washington held a council at the house on September 6, 1777.
The site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
The house is open to the public on the first Wednesday of each month from 12 to 3 PM, and at other times by appointment. The house is also available for rental.

</doc>
<doc id="9652131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652131" title="District 6">
District 6

District Six is a place in Cape Town, South Africa
District Six may also refer to:
Schools
Other uses

</doc>
<doc id="9652138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652138" title="Shanty Hollow Lake">
Shanty Hollow Lake

Shanty Hollow Lake is a reservoir mostly in Warren County, Kentucky, but also extending into Edmonson County. It was constructed in 1951. The lake is located approximately north of Bowling Green and is used for fishing. Fish which may be taken from the lake include largemouth bass, bluegill, redear sunfish, black crappie, white crappie, warmouth, channel catfish, and common carp. Shanty Hollow Lake is a man-made lake, created by the damming of Clay Lick Creek.
Warmouth or Walleye have not been seen in this lake for years.
It is a lake fed by both stream and spring.
Shanty Hollow has a unique sandstone geology, underlying shale and subsequent limestone. It is popular with the local population for rock climbing and rappelling. It has a waterfall and a spring. Most of the land surrounding the lake is privately owned. There are many fossil molds and impressions of wood and bark structures in the sandstone facies, and many of these have been replaced with iron concretions.
The lake has a boat ramp and parking area that are in general to major disrepair. Trash and stray or drop off animals are a continued problem due to the rural location of the lake. Vandalism is highly present in the parking area. The main trail is to the right of the parking area, leading down towards the sandstone bluffs and an area called White Buffalo; it is called this due to a pastel drawing of a white buffalo or wolf drawn on the palisades of a box type canyon. Multiple climbing routes are located along this trail with numerous rock shelters and boulders to climb. Further down, the trail gains elevation and leads to a unique section of rock where the water has carved a zig-zag of formations and least 12 feet deep and 30 feet long; this is known affectionately as the "Mini Grand Canyon". Past numerous dripping springs lies a waterfall. This area is used as a free fall rappel area and has a picnic area. Across the creek are more sandstone bluffs and rock shelters that contain delicate wind formed structures in the sandstone known as honeycomb formations.
Shany Hollow lake is considered one of the top ten most unique and beautiful places in South Central Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="9652149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652149" title="John Leonard (critic)">
John Leonard (critic)

John Leonard (February 25, 1939 – November 5, 2008) was an American literary, television, film, and cultural critic.
Biography.
John Leonard grew up in Washington, D.C., Jackson Heights, Queens, and Long Beach, California, where he graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School. Raised by a single mother, Ruth Smith, he made his way to Harvard University, where he immersed himself in the school newspaper, "The Harvard Crimson", only to drop out in the spring of his second year. He then attended the University of California at Berkeley.
An acerbic leftist, Leonard had an unlikely early patron in conservative leader William F. Buckley, who gave him his first job in journalism at "National Review" magazine in 1959. There, he worked alongside such young talents as Joan Didion, Garry Wills, Renata Adler and Arlene Croce. Leonard went on to be Drama and Literature Director for Pacifica Radio flagship KPFA in Berkeley, where he featured a then-little-known Pauline Kael and served as the house book reviewer, delighting in the torrent of galleys sent him by publishers. He worked as an English teacher in Roxbury, Massachusetts, as a union organizer of migrant farm workers, and as a community organizer for Vietnam Summer before joining "The New York Times Book Review" in 1967. In 1968, he signed the "Writers and Editors War Tax Protest" pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War.
The paper promoted him to daily book reviewer in 1969 and made him the executive editor of the "Times Book Review" in 1971 at the age of 31. In 1975, he returned to the role of daily book reviewer, championing the work of women writers such as Maxine Hong Kingston and Mary Gordon. He was the first critic to review Nobel Prize-winner Toni Morrison and the first American critic to review Nobel Prize-winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez. From 1977 to 1980, Leonard wrote "Private Lives," a weekly column for the "Times" about his family, friends, and experiences.
Leonard was a voracious critical omnivore, writing on culture, politics, television, books and the media in many other venues, including "The Nation", "The New York Review of Books", "Harper's", "The Atlantic Monthly", "Esquire", "Playboy", "Penthouse", "Vanity Fair", "TV Guide", "Ms. Magazine", "Harper's Bazaar", "Vogue", "Newsweek", "New York Woman", "Memories", "Tikkun", "The Yale Review", "The Village Voice", "New Statesman", "The Boston Globe", "Washington Post Book World", "The Los Angeles Times Book Review", "American Heritage" and Salon.com. He reviewed books for National Public Radio's "Fresh Air" and wrote a column for "New York Newsday" called "Culture Shock." He hosted WGBH's "First Edition", and reviewed books, TV and movies on "CBS Sunday Morning" for 16 years. Leonard taught creative writing and criticism at the University of Pennsylvania and Columbia University. He told the story of Japanese author Kōbō Abe in every one of these venues.
Leonard wrote extensively about television in his career – for "Life" and "The New York Times", both under the pen name Cyclops, for "New York Magazine" from 1984 to 2008, and in his 1997 book "Smoke and Mirrors". In addition, he authored four novels and five collections of essays.
Leonard was co-literary editor of "The Nation" with his wife, Sue Leonard, from 1995 to 1998, and continued as a contributing editor for the magazine. He wrote a monthly column on new books for "Harper's" magazine and was a frequent contributor to the "New York Times Book Review" and "The New York Review of Books". Leonard rated highest among literary critics in a 2006 "Time Out New York" survey of writers and publishers. He received the National Book Critics Circle's Ivan Sandrof Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006.
Leonard died on November 5, 2008, of lung cancer, aged 69. He was survived by his mother, Ruth, wife Sue, two children from his first marriage – Salon.com columnist Andrew Leonard and Georgetown University history professor Amy Leonard – and a stepdaughter, Jen Nessel, who heads the communications department at the Center for Constitutional Rights, as well as three grandchildren: Tiana and Eli Miller-Leonard and Oscar Ray Arnold-Nessel.
Effect on the literary world.
The "Columbia Journalism Review" called Leonard "our primary progressive, catholic "c" literary critic." Stylistically, he was, as "CJR" dubbed him, an "enthusiast,” known for his wit and wordplay, his liberal use of the semicolon and his impassioned examinations of authors and their works. He wrote definitive career essays on the work of writers ranging from Thomas Pynchon and Joan Didion to Eduardo Galeano, Salman Rushdie, Don DeLillo, Mary Gordon, John Cheever, Toni Morrison and Richard Powers.
Kurt Vonnegut wrote of him: “When I read anything by my longtime friend John Leonard, his voice is that of a total stranger. He is too polite in ordinary conversations, with me at least, to set off the fireworks of all he knows and feels after reading and comparing and responding to, in the course of his long career as a literary critic, a thousand times more books than I have even heard of. Only in print does he light the night sky of my ignorance and intellectual lassitude with sizzles and bangs, and gorgeous blooms of fire. He is a TEACHER! When I start to read John Leonard, it is as though I, while simply looking for the men’s room, blundered into a lecture by the smartest man who ever lived.”
Studs Terkel called him "a critic from whom I learned about my own books." Terkel told the NBCC's Elizabeth Taylor: "He speaks truth to power with a style that is all his own – Leonardian. He is a throwback to a great tradition. He has been a literary critic in the noblest sense of the word, where you didn’t determine whether a book was 'good or bad' but wrote with a point of view of how you should read the book."
In 2013, the National Book Critics Circle created a "First Book" award in his honor, the John Leonard Award, presented as part of the NBCC Awards.
Selected works.
9781565844438

</doc>
<doc id="9652150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652150" title="Frank and Ernest (comic strip)">
Frank and Ernest (comic strip)

Frank and Ernest is a comic strip created and illustrated by Bob Thaves and later Tom Thaves. It debuted on November 6, 1972, and has since been published daily in over 1,200 newspapers. The humor of the comic is based almost exclusively on wordplay and puns.
Regardless of the topic, everything related to the topic (background and phrases) is shown in a single frame in the daily strips. "Frank and Ernest" has a tradition of breaking new ground. It was the first strip to use digital coloring for its Sunday strips and the first strip in over 1,000 newspapers to list the creator's email address. The website broke a lot of ground in 1997: first interactive comics based on strips published in the newspaper, first keyword searchable archive for a comic strip and the first 3-D characters.
Characters and story.
In a non-sequential story, the main characters are seen not just as humans but as animals, vegetables, minerals and more. A constant element has been word play, including the characters' names. Frank is both a name and a synonym for honest. The name Ernest is a homophone of the word earnest, which is a synonym for serious. Weekday strips are laid out in one long panel with one joke or pun; the Sunday strip is similarly in one large block, with a series of rapid-fire puns pertaining to the characters (usually in character as various characters including, but not limited to, the planets, "Robotics Department," or "Malaprop Man"). Example: U.S. Postal Dept. Stamp Design Office: "The department decided to have a religious message on our next stamp. How about: 'Lord, deliver us'?"
Unlike most syndicated comic strip cartoonists, Bob Thaves did not write all of the gags for the strip (nor maintain a pretense that he did) and openly solicited for gags in publications such as "Writer's Market". Bob Thaves died on August 1, 2006. His son, Tom Thaves, has since taken over production of the strip.
Awards.
Thaves won the National Cartoonists Society's Newspaper Panel Cartoon Award for 1983, 1984, and 1986 for his work on the strip. Other awards include the Mencken Award for Free Speech and designation as a Champion of Creativity by the American Creativity Association in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9652176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652176" title="Diospolis">
Diospolis

Diospolis ('Zeus-city' < Greek Διός 'Zeus' (genitive) + πόλις 'city') may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652184" title="Shelby Lake">
Shelby Lake

Shelby Lake is a natural lake in Ballard County, Kentucky, and is one of only three major natural lakes in the state. It is part of the Ballard County Wildlife Management Area and owned by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="9652191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652191" title="Penn Foster College">
Penn Foster College

Penn Foster College is a U.S. for-profit, nationally accredited distance education private college. The school was founded in 1890, and was known as International Correspondence Schools, or ICS. It is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. Students of Penn Foster can study online at their own pace. Penn Foster College offers Bachelor and Associate Degree programs for in-demand careers. 
Accreditation.
Penn Foster College has met the standards set by the Distance Education and Training Council, and is licensed by the Arizona State Board for Private Postsecondary Education, authorizing Penn Foster College to award Associate of Science and Bachelor of Science Degrees. <br> <br>The American Council on Education’s College Credit Recommendation Service has recommended college credit for many Penn Foster College courses. Penn Foster College’s Veterinary Technician Associate Degree is accredited by the American Veterinary Medical Association, while the Medical Assistant Associate Degree is accredited by the Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Services. <br> <br>All Penn Foster College programs are affiliated with DANTES, which qualifies US military personnel for tuition reimbursement. <br> <br>Penn Foster College is also accredited by the Better Business Bureau, and has a BBB Rating of A. http://www.bbb.org/washington-dc-eastern-pa/Business-Reviews/correspondence-schools/penn-foster-career-school-in-scranton-pa-235963585#reasonrating
History.
In 1890, a newspaper editor named Thomas J. Foster founded the school to provide coal miners with the education they needed to advance in their careers and increase worker safety. At the turn of the century, the school was officially known as the International Correspondence Schools (ICS), and one out of every 27 adults in the US had taken an ICS course. In December 2009, Penn Foster college was purchased by test preparation and educational support company The Princeton Review from its previous owner, the Wicks Group, a private equity firm that had bought the school from Thomson Corporation in 2007. On May 18, 2012, the Princeton Review brand name and operations were bought for $33 million by Charlesbank Capital Partners, a private-equity firm. The parent company was renamed Education Holdings 1, Inc. In 2013, Education Holdings 1 filed for bankruptcy; it exited two months later.
Academics.
Penn Foster College provides students with the opportunity to earn Bachelor’s Degrees, Associate Degrees, and undergraduate certificates through online courses and instruction, as well as printed materials delivered to their homes. All Penn Foster programs are non-synchronous, meaning they can be started at any time. Students can choose from programs in Business, Criminal Justice, Graphic Design, Early Childhood Education, Engineering, Health Services, Paralegal Studies, Technology, and Veterinary Technician areas. Students can also enroll in individual courses.   
Penn Foster College also grants students access to Career Cruising career services, as well as a Student Community for students to interact with faculty, staff, and other students. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652225" title="Henry Joseph Grayson">
Henry Joseph Grayson

Henry Joseph Grayson (9 May 1856 – 21 March 1918) was a British-born Australian nurseryman and scientist, best known as the designer of a machine for ruling diffraction gratings.
Grayson was born in Worrall, near Sheffield, Yorkshire, England, son of Joseph Grayson, a Master Cutler, and his wife Fanny, "née" Smith. Grayson came of a family of market gardeners, and travelled to New Zealand in the early 1880s. After returning to England and marrying Elizabeth Clare on 11 August 1886, the couple soon migrated to Victoria (Australia) where Grayson worked as a nursery gardener. Becoming interested in science he joined the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria, studied botany and did some work on the diatoms, a group of minute plants. Grayson attended meetings of the Royal Microscopical Society and developed a talent for preparing microscope slides. Before 1894 he had constructed a machine for making micrometer rulings on glass, the results being very good for that time. In 1897 some very beautiful work Grayson had done in cutting sections of plants led to his being given a position in the physiology department of the University of Melbourne under Professor C. J. Martin.
He was afterwards transferred to the geology department, and in December 1901 accompanied Professor F. T. Gregory on his expedition to Central Australia. In the preface to "The Dead Heart of Australia" Gregory paid a special tribute "To my assistant Mr Grayson on whom much of the hard work of the expedition fell". In 1910 Grayson was associated with D. J. Mahony in the preparation of a paper on "The Geology of the Camperdown and Mount Elephant Districts" (No. 9 in the "Memoirs of the Geological Survey of Victoria"), and in the same year, while working at the university under professor E. W. Skeats, who succeeded Gregory, Grayson made a highly efficient apparatus for preparing rock sections, a description of which will be found in the "Proceedings of the Royal Society of Victoria" for the year 1911.
In the meanwhile Grayson had been perfecting his fine ruling work. Grayson had by then succeeded in creating 120,000 diffractions lines to the inch (4,700 lines per mm). From this time onwards much of his time was given to the preparation of a dividing engine for ruling diffraction gratings. Grayson was transferred to the Natural Philosophy department of the university under Professor T. R. Lyle in 1913 and was allowed to give his full-time to the machine. In July 1917 he read a paper before the Royal Society of Victoria giving a full description of the machine, which was published with several plates in the society's "Proceedings" for that year. In the same year Grayson was awarded the David Syme Research Prize of £100 by the University of Melbourne. Grayson died in Clyde of heart disease leaving a widow but no children.

</doc>
<doc id="9652227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652227" title="Missouri Theatre Center for the Arts">
Missouri Theatre Center for the Arts

The Missouri Theatre Center for the Arts, better known as the Missouri Theatre, is a concert and entertainment venue in downtown Columbia, Missouri, occupying most of a city block between 9th street between Locust and Elm Streets. It was designed after the Opéra Garnier by the Boller Brothers, built in 1928, and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is Columbia's only surviving pre-Depression movie palace and vaudeville stage. In 2011, the University of Missouri began a three-year lease of the facility. The Missouri Theatre is the resident home of the Missouri Symphony Orchestra, and is also frequently used by University of Missouri and civic groups. 
History.
The theater opened on October 5, 1928 to a flurry of excitement from the community of Columbia. It was built at a cost of over 400,000 dollars which is equivalent to over 4.5 million dollars today. Advertisements in the "Columbia Daily Tribune" proclaimed the "Formal Opening of your new Missouri Theatre—Friday Evening… A $400,000 Showhouse of Unrivaled Beauty and Extravagant Setting in Central Missouri. The Magnificent Splendor of This Palace of Amusement Will Dazzle and Thrill You." Telegrams were received from The United Artist in Hollywood, as well as from actors such as Charlie Chaplin and Gloria Swanson, congratulating the managers of the theater. On opening night the performers included The Missouri Rockettes (later to become the Radio City Rockettes) and Jack Keith and his Missouri Orchestra. It was rumored that Bob Hope also made an appearance. The Theatre operated much in this fashion as well as a movie palace until 1953.
Because of its size and extravagance the Missouri Theatre was difficult to maintain and was leased to Commonwealth Theaters, Inc. in 1953 who operated it as a single-screen movie theater until 1983. In 1979 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The advent of the multiscreen cinemas in Columbia lead to the eventually purchase of the theatre by the Missouri Symphony Society on January 7, 1988.
In 2002, the Missouri Symphony Society began plans to transform the Missouri Theatre into the Missouri Theatre Center for the Arts (MTCA). The Missouri Symphony Society experienced record-breaking success in 2005 with the Hot Summer Nights Music Festival as more than 11,200 music lovers attended concerts featuring Maestro Kirk Trevor, the Missouri Symphony Orchestra, and world-renown guest artists throughout its eight-week summer season. 
On July 28, 2007, the restoration of the Missouri Theatre began after the conclusion of the Hot Summer Nights Music Festival. The following summer, the fully restored Missouri Theatre Center for the Arts re-opened with Tony Bennett and the Hot Summer Nights Music Festival. The renovations included a new second floor with administrative offices and a 2,500 sq. ft. rooftop patio. 
In 2011, the University of Missouri began a new chapter in Missouri Theatre history. Operated by Event Production Services, Missouri Theatre is now home to the University Concert Series box office, and acts as a recital and performance venue for many University of Missouri School of Music performance groups. 
Architecture.
The interior of the building is ornate baroque and rococo style of the Louis XIV and XV periods. It was designed after the Paris Opera House by the Boller Brothers Architects of Kansas City, Missouri. Much original detail still exist, including Belgian marble wainscoting, plaster reliefs, stained glass and, one of the most notable features, an 1800-pound Italian auditorium chandelier featuring crystal prisms and etched panels. At one time, the deep red carpet in the grand lobby had the Great Seal of Missouri and the letter M woven into it.
Missouri Symphony Orchestra.
Missouri Theatre is the home of mid-Missouri's only professional resident symphony orchestra, the Missouri Symphony Orchestra (MSO). Established by the Missouri Symphony Society in 1976, the MSO is composed of musicians from throughout the United States and around the world. 
Through its annual eight-week season, the Hot Summer Nights Music Festival in June and July, and tours throughout the state and beyond, the Missouri Symphony Orchestra has been heralded by the Kansas City Star as an ensemble that performs with "energy and elan, as well as secure technique." Since 2001, the MSO has been directed by Maestro Kirk Trevor.
Arts Education.
In addition to the Missouri Symphony Society's artistic programming, the Missouri Theatre hosts multiple arts education programs and organizations, including the:
Local Arts Organizations.
Missouri Theatre also provides a performance venue home for many local not-for-profit arts organizations:
Missouri Theatre also serves as the central location for arts attractions such as:

</doc>
<doc id="9652229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652229" title="Gary Garrison">
Gary Garrison

Gary Lynn Garrison (born January 21, 1944 in Amarillo, Texas) is a former American football wide receiver who played professional football in the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL). He attended San Diego State University from 1964-1965. His 26 touchdown receptions are still a career school record.
He began his pro football career with the San Diego Chargers and played 11 seasons (1966–1976) for them in the AFL and NFL, as well as one year (1977) with the Houston Oilers. He was a four-time Pro Bowler, including a year as AFL All-Star with the Chargers in 1968. His nickname was the Ghost.

</doc>
<doc id="9652232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652232" title="2006–07 UEFA Champions League knockout stage">
2006–07 UEFA Champions League knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League started on 20 February 2007 and culminated with the final match at the Olympic Stadium in Athens on 23 May. The draw for the first knockout round took place on 15 December 2006 and involved each of the top two teams from each group in the group stage. The winner of each group was paired up with the runner-up from another group.
Each knockout round tie consisted of two-legged matches, home and away, in which the team with the higher aggregate score progressed to the next round, with the exception of the final, which was played over just one match at a neutral venue. In the event that the two teams' aggregate scores were tied, the team that scored more goals in their away leg would progress to the next round.
First knockout round.
First leg.
"All times CET"
Second leg.
"All times CET"
"Chelsea won 3–2 on aggregate."
"Liverpool 2–2 Barcelona on aggregate. Liverpool won on away goals."
"Roma won 2–0 on aggregate."
"Valencia 2–2 Internazionale on aggregate. Valencia won on away goals."
"PSV Eindhoven won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Bayern Munich 4–4 Real Madrid on aggregate. Bayern Munich won on away goals."
"Manchester United won 2–0 on aggregate."
"Milan won 1–0 on aggregate."
Quarter-finals.
First leg.
"All times CET"
Second leg.
"All times CET"
"Manchester United won 8–3 on aggregate"
"Chelsea won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Milan won 4–2 on aggregate"
"Liverpool won 4–0 on aggregate"
Semi-finals.
First leg.
"All times CET"
Second leg.
"All times CET"
"Chelsea 1–1 Liverpool on aggregate. Liverpool won 4–1 on penalties."
"Milan won 5–3 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="9652246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652246" title="Delphian">
Delphian

Delphian can refer to:
See also.
An Indie-Acoustic Bad from North-East England

</doc>
<doc id="9652253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652253" title="Barry Stevens (basketball)">
Barry Stevens (basketball)

Barry Wayne Stevens (January 17, 1963 – February 21, 2007) was an American basketball player. He was born in Flint, Michigan. Stevens was the second-leading scorer in Iowa State college basketball history.
Stevens, a 6'5" (1.96 m) shooting guard, played professionally as well; briefly for the NBA's Golden State Warriors during 1992-93 season. Stevens played six total NBA minutes in two game appearances with the Warriors. He also played in Asia, South America and Europe.
From June 2001 to June 2002 he was both the director of basketball operations and head coach of the CBA's Gary Steelheads, lasting one season.
In February 2007, Stevens died of a heart attack while exercising in Gary, Indiana, aged 44. A celebrity all-star game was played in July 2007, in order to raise money for the Barry Stevens Foundation and the American Heart Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9652268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652268" title="Museum Willet-Holthuysen">
Museum Willet-Holthuysen

Museum Willet-Holthuysen is a museum in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, on the Herengracht canal. It is the only fully furnished canalside patrician house in Amsterdam that is open to the public. The museum has a large collection of silverware, plates, and books from the Dutch Golden Age. It also has a substantial collection of art.
History.
The house was built for Jacob Hop, mayor of Amsterdam, around 1685. He was not the last mayor to own the house. In 1739 the outside was redesigned to look as it does today, in the highly fashionable Louis XIV style. The last private owner, Mrs. Willet-Holthuysen, bequeathed the entire house to the city of Amsterdam on condition that it became a museum in 1895. The curator named in that year was Frans Coenen Jr., a writer, composer, and art critic. It has been a museum ever since.
The house.
Three floors are open to the public, the souterrain, with the kitchen and garden (restored in 1972), the first floor ("bel-etage" with long hallway), and the top floor, with one bedroom on display and rooms for exhibitions. In the blue room, several paintings on the walls show previous owners (by unspecified artists). In this room there are also several decorative paintings by Jacob de Wit, though these have been sourced from other buildings in Amsterdam. Decorative pieces by Jacob de Wit were at some stage in the house, but previous owners took them with them. It is not clear if some of the current Jacob de Wit paintings are 'back home'. Flower paintings are on display by various Amsterdam painters, such as Adriana Johanna Haanen.

</doc>
<doc id="9652271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652271" title="Nine Lives (Aerosmith song)">
Nine Lives (Aerosmith song)

"Nine Lives" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was released in 1997 as the first song and title track of the album "Nine Lives". The song was written by lead singer Steven Tyler, guitarist Joe Perry, and songwriter Marti Frederiksen. The song is four minutes, one second long. All the high-caliber guitar solos are played by Brad Whitford.
The song starts with Steven Tyler imitating a cat's wail.
Chart position.
"Nine Lives" was released as a promotional single to rock radio and peaked at #37 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 1997.
In concert.
On the band's lengthy Nine Lives Tour from 1997–1999, "Nine Lives" was almost always the opener. The band also performed the song on a few television appearances, including one on "Saturday Night Live".
In other media.
"Nine Lives" is one of the two theme songs performed by Aerosmith used in the video game "Dead or Alive 3" for the Xbox created by Team Ninja. It is played during the intro.

</doc>
<doc id="9652276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652276" title="Paul Giambarba">
Paul Giambarba

Paul Giambarba (born 1928) is an American graphic designer, cartoonist, writer and illustrator.
Giambarba's most recent work was introduced at the International Center of Photography in New York City on 18 December 2009, a collection of 15 film and 3 camera packages for the Paul Giambarba Edition of Polaroid cameras and film commissioned by Dr Florian Kaps, founder and director of The Impossible Project of Vienna, Austria.
He initiated Polaroid's corporate image development and product identity in 1958. His innovative black packaging and the ubiquitous Polaroid color stripes subdued the dominance of Eastman Kodak's yellow packaging at the point-of-purchase. Giambarba designed and produced hundreds of Polaroid packages and collateral material including consumer literature and How to Make Better Polaroid Instant Pictures, a trade book for Doubleday & Co. in his more than a quarter of a century for this client.
Giambarba has also been a design consultant for Tonka Toys and Tonka Corporation, as well as Polaroid and other corporate clients. His work has been the subject of articles in "Graphis" (Zurich), "Industrial Design", "American Artist", "Idea" (Tokyo), "Relax" (Tokyo), "Grafik" (London), "Brand eins" (Hamburg) and "Communication Arts".
In his capacity as a cartoonist and illustrator, Giambarba was a regular contributor to "Sports Illustrated", "This Week", "True" and "Spy". He was a member of the San Francisco Society of Illustrators during the nine years he lived in Sonoma County, California. Giambarba is the author of 13 books, founded the Scrimshaw Press and "CapeArts Magazine", and was, with his wife, Fran, a founding partner of Arts & Flowers, publisher of botanically accurate greeting cards from 1985 through 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652278" title="Swan Lake (Kentucky)">
Swan Lake (Kentucky)

Swan Lake is a lake in Ballard County, Kentucky. At , it is the largest natural lake in Kentucky. It is part of a twelve-lake confederation known as Cummins Tract Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="9652282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652282" title="AICD">
AICD

The acronym AICD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652293" title="Govindananda Bharati">
Govindananda Bharati

Govindananda Bharati also known as "Shivapuri Baba" is a Hindu saint and a traveller hermit who taught the world "swadharma", the ancient system of living. He is the first Keralite to encircle the world and earned the name "Malayali Magellan".
Early life.
Born as Jayanthan Nambudiripad in Akkikkavu of Thrissur District in 1826, he lost his family at the age of 9. His grandfather Achyutam, who was a well known astrologer in the court of Tipu Sultan, looked after him. Govindananda left his home when he was 24 with his grandfather and attained "Iswarasakshatkaram" in Amarantaka forest of Madhya Pradesh. After getting enlightenment, he became "sanyasi" in Sringeri Math and changed his name to Govindananda Bharathi.
Controversy.
The year of birth of Govindananda Bharati is highly controversial. There is no evidence for the claim that he lived up to an age of 137 years.
The claim that his place of birth was in Akkikkavu, Thrissur District, Kerala, is also purely based on speculation, and lacks any kind of historical evidence. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652298" title="Dangerous Years">
Dangerous Years

Dangerous Years is a 1947 American drama film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel, directed by Arthur Pierson, starring Billy Halop and Ann E. Todd. Marilyn Monroe makes her second film appearance as Evie the waitress in the restaurant scene.
Plot Summary.
The God fearing residents of Middleton are worried that the Gopher Hole, a new road house restaurant outside of town, will bring their teenage kids to ruin. Jeff Carter, who is a history teacher at the local school, goes on to look closer at the place to see if all the worries are justified.
Jeff discovers that a group of boys from town, Willy Miller, Gene Spooner and the tough Danny Jones, are planning to rob a warehouse in town. When trying to stop them, they struggle and a gunshot goes off, killing Jeff. The killer, Danny, and the rest of the gang flee, using Willy's father's delivery truck. The truck is recognized by a witness working at the warehouse. The boys hide out at the Gopher Hole, joining a game if cards, acting as if they have been there all night.
The police arrive to the Gopher Hole and eventually arrest the boys. Danny is the only boy who isn't under age, and he is prosecuted for first degree murder by district attorney Edgar Burns.
At the trial, Burns claims that Danny had planned to kill Jeff because of their previous encounters and the fact that Danny hated Jeff. On his side, boy Leo, tells of Danny's attempt to punch Jeff and that he was the one who brought the boys to the Gopher Hole in the first place.
Willy then blames his own behaviour on his father's abuse and harsh treatment of him. Before the prosecution rests its case, the district attorney's daughter, Connie Burns, causes a scandal when she admits to being acquainted with Danny ten years ago, when they were both living at an orphanage. The district attorney explains that he at first was unaware of the fact that he had a daughter, since his first marriage was annulled. When the proprietor of the orphanage, Miss Templeton, contacted him, he took his unknown daughter home with him.
In the end, Danny is convicted of murder, but Miss Templeton reveals to Danny that the district attorney is his father, and that Connie is someone else's daughter. Her reason for lying about this was that Connie at that time was in more need of help and support. Danny decides it is better to not tell Connie the truth, and asks Miss Templeton to keep the secret, while he goes off to serve his life sentence in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="9652303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652303" title="Home Town Story">
Home Town Story

Home Town Story is a 1951 American drama film directed by Arthur Pierson and starring Jeffrey Lynn, Donald Crisp, and Alan Hale, Jr.. The film features Marilyn Monroe in a small, early role. The film was backed by General Motors to promote the virtues of big business.
Plot summary.
Jeffrey Lynn plays a defeated politician who takes over as editor of a small town newspaper in an effort to get himself elected. His campaign is intended to be a continuing expose of the evils of big industry, and his strategy is to publish daily investigations of industrial skullduggery and pollution. Marilyn Monroe, listed as one of the film's stars, actually plays a very small bit as Iris Martin, the shapely office secretary.
On a school outing to an abandoned mine, Jeffrey Lynn's little sister is trapped in the collapse of a mine tunnel, and the town's industries come to her rescue. After little sister is rescued and flown in a company plane to the big city, Lynn has a change of heart and recognizes that the industrial towns-people are actually doing their best to help their fellow citizens.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film made $243,000 in the US and Canada and $91,000 elsewhere, making a profit of $195,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9652314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652314" title="The Thoroughbred Corp.">
The Thoroughbred Corp.

The Thoroughbred Corporation is a Thoroughbred horse racing and breeding operation established in 1994 by principal partner Prince Ahmed bin Salman of the Saudi Arabian royal family. It was based at an facility at Bradbury Estates, in Bradbury, California.
Educated at the University of California, Irvine, Prince Ahmed and college friend Richard Mulhall teamed up to go into Thoroughbred flat racing. Initially, Mulhall served as horse trainer but eventually became manager of racing operations. The Prince invested millions of dollars and succeeded in building a quality stable that was an important part of American and European racing.
The Thoroughbred Corp. won four American Classic Races, four Breeders' Cups, and is one of only four owners to have ever raced both a Kentucky Derby winner and an Epsom Derby winner. The others are John W. Galbreath, Michael Tabor, and Paul Mellon.
Some of the notable horses raced by The Thoroughbred Corp. include:
Based in the United States:
Based in Europe:
Prince Ahmed bin Salman died unexpectedly at age 43 of heart failure in Riyadh. Prince Faisal succeeded him as the head of The Thoroughbred Corp. In March 2004, the bulk of the operation's horses were dispersed at a southern California auction. Limited primarily to an involvement in foal-sharing arrangements, The Thoroughbred Corp. still maintains shares in five stallions standing at stud in various locations.

</doc>
<doc id="9652321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652321" title="Besna Kobila">
Besna Kobila

Besna Kobila (Serbian Cyrillic: Бесна Кобила, , meaning "mad mare") is a mountain in southeastern Serbia and small ski center. Its eponymous highest peak has an elevation of 1,923 m. It lies 35 km to the east from the city of Vranje. There is a mountain chalet Besna Kobila from where it takes an hour to hour and a half to reach the summit on foot. It is known for its stormy weather, so the best months for climbing are during the warmer part of the year.
Besna Kobila has 9 months of snow a year, which makes it suitable for ski tourism. As of 2010, there is only the mountain chalet, which has been used for accommodation of students. The "skyway" ("nebeski put") – road running over the vast pastures on the highland – lies at the altitude of 1800 m and is suitable for mountain biking, safari bus and off-roading. There are ambitious plans to build a bigger ski center on the mountain, and the municipality is searching for foreign investors.

</doc>
<doc id="9652328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652328" title="As Young as You Feel">
As Young as You Feel

As Young as You Feel (1951) is a comedy film starring Monty Woolley, Thelma Ritter, and David Wayne, with Marilyn Monroe in a small role.
Plot.
When printer John R. Hodges (Monty Woolley) is forced to retire at age 65 because of a company policy, he decides to do something about it. Dyeing his hair black, he poses as Harold P. Cleveland, the president of his former employer's parent company and goes on an inspection tour of his old workplace, with the firm's nervous, mystified executives in tow. While walking around the plant, Hodges runs into Joe Elliott (David Wayne), the boyfriend of his granddaughter Alice (Jean Peters), and winks at him to let him in on the joke. Afterward, Hodges complains about the lack of experienced older employees, causing company president Louis McKinley (Albert Dekker) to promise to rescind the retirement policy and rehire all those affected by it within the past year.
However, before he can depart, Hodges finds that McKinley has arranged for him to address the local Chamber of Commerce. Hodges is up to the challenge, delivering a rousing speech about the virtues of the older worker. He receives a standing ovation, the newspapers praise him, and even the stock market rises on the optimism generated.
Hodges is taken to dinner by McKinley and his neglected wife Lucille (Constance Bennett). McKinley, it turns out, is more interested in his curvaceous private secretary Harriet (Marilyn Monroe). Hodges has a wonderful time, dancing the night away with Lucille. Swept away by his compliments and attention, she fancies herself in love with him. Later that night, she tells her dumbfounded husband that she wants a divorce.
Meanwhile, Joe is unable to convince anybody that Cleveland is actually an impostor. Frank Erickson (Clinton Sundberg), his rival for a promotion, and the entire Hodges family - son George (Allyn Joslyn), daughter-in-law Della (Thelma Ritter), and Alice - all think Joe is crazy. However, when Hodges returns home with his dyed hair, Joe is vindicated. Since Hodges will be exposed anyway, Della proposes that Joe turn him in so that he can get the promotion, but Joe refuses to do it. The next day, Erickson finally believes Joe and tries to warn their mutual boss Horace Gallagher (Wally Brown), but Gallagher thinks Erickson is mentally unstable and gives the promotion to Joe. This enables Joe to finally propose to Alice.
Meanwhile, the real Harold Cleveland (Minor Watson) is in an awkward position. The speech has done wonders for his and his company's image and even raised the price of the company's stock, but he is unsure of his impostor's motives. When McKinley discovers Hodges' identity and informs Cleveland, he decides to pay him a visit.
Lucille gets there first, but Hodges tells her he will not come between a man and his wife, and that he suspects she is still in love with her husband. McKinley barges in and apologizes to his wife; the happy couple kiss and make up.
When Cleveland meets Hodges, he is reassured that the old man has no sinister intentions. Cleveland is so impressed that he offers Hodges a job advising him on public relations, but gets turned down.

</doc>
<doc id="9652336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652336" title="1974 in Northern Ireland">
1974 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9652341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652341" title="Percy Barlow">
Percy Barlow

Percy Barlow JP (11 July 1867 – 18 June 1931) was a British Liberal Party politician and barrister.
Background and education.
He was the youngest son of Thomas Barlow and his wife Mary Ann Emmott, daughter of George Emmott. His older brother was Sir John Barlow, 1st Baronet. Following private education, Barlow went to Pembroke College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1889, and then to Downing College, Cambridge, where he made his Master of Arts in 1893. He was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1892 and worked in the South-Eastern Circuit.
Career.
Barlow contested Bedford unsuccessfully in 1900. Six years later, at the 1906 general election he defeated the sitting Conservative Party MP entered the House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency, representing it until his defeat at the next general election in January 1910. Whilst an MP he voted in favour of the 1908 Women's Enfranchisement Bill. During the First World War, he served as recruiting officer, ranked as a lieutenant in 1915. He was promoted to captain in 1917 and became liaison office to the Eastern Command.
After the war Barlow was nominated director of the National Service in Hertford. In 1921, he was chosen deputy chairman of the Willesden Division of the Petty Sessions. He was appointed High Sheriff of Middlesex in 1927 and served as Justice of the Peace for that county.
Family.
On 12 April 1892, he married Clara Frances Midelton, eldest daughter of William Staple Lee Midelton. They had four children, two sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9652342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652342" title="Milligram per cent">
Milligram per cent

Milligram per cent is a traditional symbol used to denote a unit of measure of concentration. The traditional use of the 'mg%' symbol was meant to indicate the mass (in milligrams) of that chemical in 100 milliliters of solution (e.g., blood).
The meaning of the symbol 'percent' is , therefore the accurate meaning of the notation 'mg%' is 'mg/100', which is a unit of mass, not a concentration. Therefore, for dimensional analysis purposes, when denoting a concentration of mass divided by volume, it has largely been replaced by units such as 'mg/dL' or the International System of Units equivalent.
For example, a plasma ethanol concentration incorrectly denoted as 0.1 mg% can be written as '0.1 mg/dL' (or '1 mg/L', etc.) meaning a mass of 0.1 milligrams of ethyl alcohol per 100 milliliter volume of solution.

</doc>
<doc id="9652343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652343" title="Love Nest">
Love Nest

Love Nest is a 1951 American comedy-drama film directed by Joseph Newman and starring June Haver, William Lundigan, Frank Fay, Marilyn Monroe, and Jack Paar.
The post-World War II comedy features an early supporting role for Monroe. It is one of the few films Paar made prior to his television career, and the last film appearance by Fay, who had been a popular stage comedian in 1920s and revived his career starring in the long-running Broadway comedy "Harvey". It was also the last appearance by silent star Leatrice Joy.
The film borrows its name from the popular old song "Love Nest" with music by Louis Hirsch and lyrics by Otto A. Harbach. The song is sung by a chorus over the opening credits and was used as a theme song for The Burns and Allen Show on both radio and TV.

</doc>
<doc id="9652349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652349" title="Udhayam">
Udhayam

Udhayam ("It Rises") is a non-profit organization whose mission is to help the needy and the destitute in the fields of healthcare, education and disaster relief. It directs and coordinates different projects in India and around the world. Udhayam is based in Michigan, United States.
Udhayam has so far completed 42 projects in India and United States, since its inception at 2004. During 2004, Udhayam contributed around $5030 (USD) for Tsunami victims.

</doc>
<doc id="9652357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652357" title="Inholding">
Inholding

An inholding is privately owned land inside the boundary of a national park, national forest, state park, or similar publicly owned, protected area. Inholdings result from private ownership of lands prior to the designation of the protected park or forest area, which then end up grandfathered within the legally designated boundary. 
In the United States, the main causes of inholdings are checkerboarding due to railroad land grants under the Pacific Railway Acts beginning in 1862, homestead claims under the 1862 Homestead Act, and mining claims patented under the General Mining Act of 1872, along with the more recent Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971. The railroad checkerboarding primarily affects national forests, while inholdings due to the other types of claims occur frequently within national parks and national forests throughout the western United States. Over the last several decades, conservation groups have lobbied the United States Congress to acquire inholdings especially within designated wilderness areas, either by direct purchase or via land exchange which trades the inholding for other federal lands located outside of national parks or wilderness areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652359" title="Let's Make It Legal">
Let's Make It Legal

"Let's Make It Legal" is a 1951 comedy film made by Twentieth Century-Fox, directed by Richard Sale and produced by Robert Bassler from a screenplay by I.A.L. Diamond and F. Hugh Herbert, based on a story by Mortimer Braus entitled "My Mother-in-Law, Miriam". The music was by Cyril J. Mockridge and the cinematography by Lucien Ballard.
The film stars Claudette Colbert, Macdonald Carey, Zachary Scott, Barbara Bates, and Marilyn Monroe.
Plot summary.
Hugh (Macdonald Carey) and Miriam Halsworth (Claudette Colbert) are in the final stages of their divorce procedure. Miriam wants to separate because he's addicted to gambling - although he often wins. She's living with her daughter Barbara (Barbara Bates), her son-in-law Jerry Denham (Robert Wagner) and her little grandchild. Hugh, who's living at the hotel where he works, makes a fuss with the gardener about his rosebushes.
Hugh is also Jerry's boss. They work in the publicity department for the Miramar Hotel and have to follow Victor Macfarland (Zachary Scott), a self-made millionaire who's trying to get on the financial advisory committee for the President. Twenty years ago Hugh and Victor were rivals for Miriam's hand.
A blonde fortune hunter, Joyce Mannering (Marilyn Monroe), is trying to attract Victor, but he's only interested in winning back Miriam. She accepts his marriage proposal, but is disappointed when he postpones the marriage for a hearing on his appointment in Washington. Just before he steps on the plane he explains to Miriam why he left her twenty years ago (but the audience can't hear what he says because the plane makes too much noise). 
Miriam is furious with Hugh but he doesn't know why. She refuses to let him in, which leads to a comical intermezzo in which Hugh and Jerry are arrested by the police. They are identified by Miriam and Barbara, and leave the police station. 
Back home Miriam explains to Hugh that she was so angry because Victor told her that twenty years ago Hugh won her hand in a game of craps. Hugh admits this, and still has those two dice with him. He asks her to throw. It turns out the dice were loaded; they always throw three and four. Hugh admits he cheated because the stake was so high. Miriam is pleased with this explanation and they reconcile.

</doc>
<doc id="9652362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652362" title="Missouri Theater">
Missouri Theater

Missouri Theater or Missouri Theatre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652376" title="The Fireball">
The Fireball

The Fireball is a 1950 film starring Mickey Rooney and Pat O'Brien, and directed by Tay Garnett.
Plot.
Johnny Casar runs away from a home for wayward boys, tired of being teased about being short and a poor athlete. He gets a job as a dishwasher while a priest who runs the home, Father O'Hara, secretly keeps an eye on him.
A traveling roller-skating team takes an interest in Johnny after he shows some aptitude. He clashes with Mack Miller, a cocky champion, and falls for Mary Reeves, another top skater. Johnny ends up featured in grudge matches against Miller, where they take turns one-upping one another.
As his fame grows, Johnny becomes every bit as arrogant as Miller and more. Life takes a bad turn when he is diagnosed with polio. A long period of physical therapy follows, until a wheelchair-bound Johnny tries to get his life back on track.

</doc>
<doc id="9652379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652379" title="Membrane fusion protein">
Membrane fusion protein

Membrane fusion proteins (not to be mixed with chimeric or fusion proteins) are proteins that cause fusion of biological membranes. Most of them are viral proteins
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="9652384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652384" title="Monkombu">
Monkombu

Mankombu or Moncombu is a village in the district of Alappuzha in the state of Kerala, India. Monkombu is part of the Kuttanad region in Kerala which is one of the two major paddy cultivating regions in the state. Mankompu is especially known for being home for the Rice Research Station of the Kerala Agricultural University. The ancestors of Dr. M. S. Swaminathan, renowned agriculturalist and father of the Indian green revolution, hailed from this village.
Moncombu is also the location of the famous Moncombu Bhagavathy Temple. A temple of the attracts thousands of people every year. An annual 7 days festival begins on 14th of April every year. This is followed by the Pathamudayam festival on 23rd April every year. 
Spelling.
Since the English name is an approximate transliteration of the Malayalam word, there may be ambiguity in the spelling. "Moncombu" is the spelling recognized by the Postal Department as well as in government communication. But yet other variants such as "Mankombu" is in use by the press.

</doc>
<doc id="9652391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652391" title="Right Cross">
Right Cross

Right Cross is a 1950 drama film, released by MGM, directed by John Sturges, written by Charles Schnee and starring June Allyson, Ricardo Montalban, Dick Powell, Lionel Barrymore, and (in a small uncredited role) Marilyn Monroe.
Plot.
Sean O'Malley (Lionel Barrymore ), a wheelchair-bound fight promoter who was once known as the best in his business, has lost his professional stature and is now suffering from poor health. Sean's daughter Pat (June Allyson ) has taken over many of her father's responsibilities, and is romantically involved with Sean's best fighter, Johnny Monterez (Ricardo Montalban ). 
Though Sean had hoped that Johnny would help to revive his flagging career, he dislikes the fact that Johnny is ashamed of his Mexican heritage. When Sean tells Pat that promoter Allan Goff (Barry Kelley) is trying to steal Johnny from him, Pat decides to visit Johnny at his training camp. Pat arrives in time to watch Johnny fight a practice match, but the match ends abruptly when fighter Marty Lynn injures Johnny's hand. 
While Johnny's hand is being examined at the hospital, Pat looks for her friend, Rick Gavery (Dick Powell), a hard-drinking sports reporter who has been following Johnny's career. Pat eventually finds Rick in jail, where she has found him on many previous occasions. When Johnny's physician, Dr. George Esmond, tells him that his hand is now vulnerable to permanent injury, Johnny asks the doctor to keep his condition a secret. After telling Pat and some reporters that his hand is merely bruised, Johnny returns to his training camp. 
A short time later, Johnny receives word that his trouble-prone cousin, Luis, is in jail again and needs two hundred dollars for bail. The news reminds Johnny that Luis, who is also a Mexican immigrant, has not had the same opportunities that he has had to lift himself out of poverty. Believing that his hand injury may end his boxing career at any moment, Johnny decides to sign a lucrative contract with Goff, who has promised to provide him with a guaranteed income from promotional sales after his retirement. 
Johnny takes Rick to visit his mother (Mimi Aguglia), but soon after they arrive, Johnny tells his sister Marina that she must stop dating her boyfriend, Bob, because he is a "gringo." Johnny also tells Marina that Bob is interested in her only because she is the sister of a famous fighter. When Rick accuses Johnny of harboring a prejudice against whites, Johnny sends him away with an insult. 
Later, Pat, expecting a marriage proposal from Johnny, is disappointed when Johnny tells her that he has decided to sign with Goff. Sean dies a short time later, and Pat accuses Johnny of killing her father with his act of betrayal. Realizing that he has nearly lost Pat's love and Rick's friendship as a result of his actions, Johnny decides to get out of boxing forever by purposely losing the upcoming title match against Al Heldon. Though he loses the match, Johnny does not cause permanent injury to his hand until he punches Rick for being honest with him. With help from Rick, Pat and Johnny reconcile and look forward to a happy future together.
Music.
The dramatic score for the film was composed by David Raksin and was conducted by Raksin and Johnny Green. His music, exclusive of source music written by others, consisted only of music for the main and end titles, and one short piece in the first reel.
Raksin's music was issued on cd in 2009, on Film Score Monthly records.
Reception.
According to MGM records, the film's budget cost $873,000 and earned $955,000 in the US and Canada and $347,000 elsewhere, leading to a $64,000 loss for the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="9652398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652398" title="Fusion protein">
Fusion protein

Fusion proteins or chimeric proteins (literally, made of parts from different sources) are proteins created through the joining of two or more genes that originally coded for separate proteins. Translation of this "fusion gene" results in a single or multiple polypeptides with functional properties derived from each of the original proteins. "Recombinant fusion proteins" are created artificially by recombinant DNA technology for use in biological research or therapeutics. "Chimeric" or "chimera" usually designate hybrid proteins made of polypeptides having different functions or physico-chemical patterns. "Chimeric mutant proteins" occur naturally when a complex mutation, such as a chromosomal translocation, tandem duplication, or retrotransposition creates a novel coding sequence containing parts of the coding sequences from two different genes. Naturally occurring fusion proteins are commonly found in cancer cells, where they may function as oncoproteins. The bcr-abl fusion protein is a well-known example of an oncogenic fusion protein, and is considered to be the primary oncogenic driver of chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Functions.
Some fusion proteins combine whole peptides and therefore contains all functional domains of the original proteins. However, other fusion proteins, especially those that are naturally occurring, combine only portions of coding sequences and therefore do not maintain the original functions of the parental genes that formed them.
Many whole gene fusions are fully functional, and can still act to replace the original peptides. Some, however, experience interactions between the two proteins that can modify their functions. Beyond these effects, some gene fusions may cause regulatory changes that alter when and where these genes act. For partial gene fusions, the shuffling of different active sites and binding domains have potential to result in new proteins with novel functions.
Recombinant technology.
A recombinant fusion protein is a protein created through genetic engineering of a fusion gene. This typically involves removing the stop codon from a cDNA sequence coding for the first protein, then appending the cDNA sequence of the second protein in frame through ligation or overlap extension PCR. That DNA sequence will then be expressed by a cell as a single protein. The protein can be engineered to include the full sequence of both original proteins, or only a portion of either.
If the two entities are proteins, often linker (or "spacer") peptides are also added, which make it more likely that the proteins fold independently and behave as expected. Especially in the case where the linkers enable protein purification, linkers in protein or peptide fusions are sometimes engineered with cleavage sites for proteases or chemical agents that enable the liberation of the two separate proteins. This technique is often used for identification and purification of proteins, by fusing a GST protein, FLAG peptide, or a hexa-his peptide (6xHis-tag), which can be isolated using affinity chromatography with nickel or cobalt resins. Di- or multimeric chimeric proteins can be manufactured through genetic engineering by fusion to the original proteins of peptide domains that induce artificial protein di- or multimerization (e.g., streptavidin or leucine zippers). Fusion proteins can also be manufactured with toxins or antibodies attached to them in order to study disease development.
Chimeric protein drugs.
The purpose of creating fusion proteins in drug development is to impart properties from each of the "parent" proteins to the resulting chimeric protein. Several chimeric protein drugs are currently available for medical use.
Many chimeric protein drugs are monoclonal antibodies whose specificity for a target molecule was developed using mice and hence were initially "mouse" antibodies. As non-human proteins, mouse antibodies tend to evoke an immune reaction if administered to humans. The chimerization process involves engineering the replacement of segments of the antibody molecule that distinguish it from a human antibody. For example, human constant domains can be introduced, thereby eliminating most of the potentially immunogenic portions of the drug without altering its specificity for the intended therapeutic target. Antibody nomenclature indicates this type of modification by inserting "-xi-" into the non-proprietary name (e.g., abci-"xi"-mab). If parts of the variable domains are also replaced by human portions, "humanized" antibodies are obtained. Although not conceptually distinct from chimeras, this type is indicated using "-zu-" such as in dacli-"zu"-mab. See the list of monoclonal antibodies for more examples.
In addition to chimeric and humanized antibodies, there are other pharmaceutical purposes for the creation of chimeric constructs. Etanercept, for example, is a TNFα blocker created through the combination of a tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) with the immunoglobulin G1 Fc segment. TNFR provides specificity for the drug target and the antibody Fc segment is believed to add stability and deliverability of the drug.
Natural occurrence.
Naturally occurring fusion genes are most commonly created when a chromosomal translocation replaces the terminal exons of one gene with intact exons from a second gene. This creates a single gene that can be transcribed, spliced, and translated to produce a functional fusion protein. Many important cancer-promoting oncogenes are fusion genes produced in this way.
Examples include:
Antibodies are fusion proteins produced by VDJ recombination.

</doc>
<doc id="9652400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652400" title="Damien Cox">
Damien Cox

Damien Cox (born August 23, 1961 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a sports columnist for the "Toronto Star". He has covered the NHL and the Toronto Maple Leafs as a reporter and columnist for over 22 years, as well as the 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics, and many other international hockey events. He won a National Newspaper Award for a series on hockey development in 1998.
Cox has also worked extensively in radio and television in the past two decades and has been a frequent contributor to "The Hockey News" and ESPN.com. For three years, from 2001 to 2004, he was co-host of "Prime Time Sports", heard daily on The Fan 590 in Toronto, and on the Rogers radio network across Canada. He left the show in 2004 when it became simulcast on Rogers Sportsnet, a conflict with his work at TSN. Cox has been named three times to The Hockey News' "100 People of Power and Influence in Hockey". He has covered the CFL and the Grey Cup since 1999, and Wimbledon tennis since 2004.
Cox was a regular on TSN's "The Reporters" and "That's Hockey" until he left TSN in January 2011 to rejoin Rogers and Sportsnet Radio Fan 590 as a co-host on "Prime Time Sports" and to become an analyst on Rogers Sportsnet. An avid tennis player, he was an analyst for Sportsnet's coverage of the 2011 Rogers Cup.
In 2004, Cox co-wrote the book "" with Gord Stellick (ISBN 0-470-83400-5, John Wiley and Sons). Cox wrote his second book in 2005, as he helped New Jersey Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur co-author his autobiography, "Brodeur: Beyond The Crease" (ISBN 0-470-83851-5, John Wiley and Sons). He wrote a third book, released in the fall of 2010, with author Gare Joyce on the life and times of Washington Capitals star Alexander Ovechkin: "The Ovechkin Project" (ISBN 978-0-470-67914-2, John Wiley and Sons).

</doc>
<doc id="9652401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652401" title="Quintus of Phrygia">
Quintus of Phrygia

Quintus (Cointus) the Wonder-Worker (, "Kóïntos Omologêtếs kai Taumatourgós") (died ca. 285) is a saint and thaumaturge of the Eastern Orthodox Church. His feast day is March 2. He is considered a martyr for the tortures he endured, though he did not die from them. A native of Phrygia, he was born to a Christian family. He worked with the poor at Aeolia. At Cyme, the governor, Rufus, ordered Quintus to sacrifice to the Roman gods, in accordance with the decree of Aurelian. However, Quintus freed Rufus when the latter was possessed by demons. An earthquake also pulled down the statues and temple of the pagan idols. Quintus was thus released.
However, after forty days, he was arrested again by the magistrate Clearchus. Quintus was tortured but recovered from his wounds and continued his ministry for many years after.

</doc>
<doc id="9652426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652426" title="Clothes Make the Pirate">
Clothes Make the Pirate

Clothes Make the Pirate is a 1925 silent film starring Leon Errol and Dorothy Gish. The film was written by Marion Fairfax from the novel by Holman Francis Day and directed by Maurice Tourneur. It is a so-called lost film, with a one minute trailer surviving.
The film is a comedy that centers on a disgruntled 18th century Bostonian, played by Errol, who while wishing that he was a pirate, dons the clothes and play-acts the part. He is mistaken for the real pirate, Dixie Bull (played by Walter Law) whom Errol, of course, bumps into later in the film.
More importantly, Errol "slays" the villain and puts his foot upon the pirate's head. This is more than enough and he heads back home to his unappreciated wife, played by Dorothy Gish. Contemporary reviewers of the time claimed Errol was miscast, perhaps for the comedic cowardice of the part.
Variety Magazine gave the film a poor review, stating that the children would like it. However other reviews, such as that in the Los Angeles Times of 10 Jan 1926 gave the film, as a satire, generally good reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9652433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652433" title="Caroline Chisholm College">
Caroline Chisholm College

Caroline Chisholm College is a Roman Catholic girls school for years 7-12 located in Glenmore Park, New South Wales. It is under the direction of the Catholic Education, Parramatta Diocese. The school is named in honor of Caroline Chisholm, a pioneer in Australian history and social reformer.
Profile.
The school was established in 1974 and opened with only 20 students and 5 staff members. In 1976, the school was moved to its present site in Glenmore Park. From 1976 - 1997, the school only educated girls from grades 7-10. In 1997, a restructure was made to transform the school into a college, at which time it began enrolling students for years 11 and 12.
The school currently enrols over 1000 students with over 70 full-time and part-time teachers. Although the majority of the student body was born in Australia, many others come from other countries such as the Philippines and Malta.
The students are particularly involved in social justice, raising money for various organizations such as the St. Vincent de Paul Society and World Vision , Cautas Australia , Mamie and Penrith Community Kitchen.
From 1998-2002, the school underwent a campaign to improve the campus facilities. The previous principal Christine Howe along with current Assistant principal Gregory King have also significantly promoted technology in the classroom, with substantial funds spent on computers and teacher training. The school currently employs a 1-1 iPad program for junior years (7-9).
Notable alumnae include ABC Police Reporter Lucy McNally.
Houses.
The following houses compete for the House Cup, in annual swimming carnivals, cross country events, athletics carnival and other academic areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652434" title="Conté (disambiguation)">
Conté (disambiguation)

Conté can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652435" title="Hull Blokes">
Hull Blokes

The Hull Blokes are a writing collective based in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, in the North East of England. They write and perform comedy and drama work, both for the stage and film.
History.
In May 2002, Gill Adams, a Hull-born playwright, used her column in the Hull Daily Mail to advertise for men to join a series of writing workshops funded by the Gulbenkian Foundation.
The project was actually part of the BBC’s Northern Exposure ‘Writing in the Margins’ initiative, spearheaded by the Corporation’s then creative director of new writing, Kate Rowland. Adams led the workshops for a year with exercises, discussions and readings, and it was she who coined the group’s title. The term ‘Blokes’ was certainly being used by the time the group featured in Ariel in December 2002. In April 2003, the focus of the project – King of the Road, a six-part serial telling of the comings and goings of a local (fictional) taxi firm – received its first public reading in the Haworth Arms on Hull’s Beverley Road.
Gill Adams’ contract with the BBC ended in the same month. The Blokes, however, had achieved a level of self-determination and success and decided to continue. They applied for and were awarded City Arts funding which enabled them to take part in Humber Mouth, the annual Hull Literature Festival. Their first ‘independent’ show was Counter Act, an evening of eight short plays performed at the Dorchester Hotel, Hull, on 13 November 2003. The group has continued, in subsequent years, to make regular contributions to Humber Mouth.
King of the Road was eventually broadcast on BBC Radio Humberside in March 2004.
Present day.
The Hull Blokes have continued to write and present comedy, drama and monologues not only for Humber Mouth but also as self-sufficient, self-supporting productions. Since 2005 their live performances have been staged at the Northern Academy of Performing Arts in Hull, and clips of their work, comprising extracts from the stage shows and stand-alone short films, have been made available on the internet. 
Some of the writers are also performers and appear in their own and others’ pieces. Other personnel have been recruited for particular qualities or talents, and the need became apparent for a title which would include the whole company. Following the show of the same name, the term ‘Northern Conspiracy’ has been used informally since 2005 to refer to associates of the group whose contribution is unwritten but nevertheless crucial.
The Blokes are supported by the Arts Council, who have provided funding for the purchase of equipment used in the recording and projection of filmed pieces. The application necessitated the formalisation of the group’s affairs, and a written constitution was adopted in February 2006.
Current members.
The Current members are: John Allbones, Wayne Dewsbury, Andy Hampel, Steve Kerry, Gus Wilson, Sean Wilson and Steve 'Kippa' Wilson. The Wilsons are not related.
Live shows to date.
Counter Act, 13 November 2003, Dorchester Hotel
Play-ola, 1 July 2004, Dorchester Hotel
Before the Fringe, 20–21 January 2005, The Ringside
Never Mind The Ballcocks, 10 March 2005, The Ringside
David Van Day’s Hull Blokes Comedy Variety Show, 12 May 2005, The Ringside
Tickling the Dragon’s Tail, 22–23 June 2005, Dorchester Hotel
Northern Conspiracy, 11–13 November 2005, Northern Academy of Performing Arts
Love, 17–19 February 2006, Northern Academy of Performing Arts
Hull Blokes On Air, 23–25 June 2006, Northern Academy of Performing Arts 
A Night of Comedy, Music, Films and Snowmen, 1–3 December 2006, Northern Academy of Performing Arts
Tossa’s in Spain, 22–24 June 2007, Northern Academy of Performing Arts.
Hull Blokes Comedy Sketch Show, 2–4 November 2007, Northern Academy of Performing Arts.
Confessions, 1–2 November 2008, The Haworth.
Notes.
In addition to several mentions in Gill Adams’ column in the Hull Daily Mail between 2002 and 2006, and various miscellaneous (and occasionally contentious) items of published correspondence, the group has featured in previews and reviews in the paper’s news and entertainment pages (28/01/03, 15/03/04, 19/01/05, 21/06/05, 07/11/05, 17/02/06, 09/06/06, 22/06/06, 27/11/06, 0/06/07).

</doc>
<doc id="9652438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652438" title="Gao Yuan">
Gao Yuan

Gao Yuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652444" title="Nile Badrawi Hospital">
Nile Badrawi Hospital

Nile Badrawi Hospital is a private hospital that was established in 1985 in Cairo, Egypt. The hospital hosts 138 beds, 7 operating rooms, a complete radiological department, and an exceptionally high tech lab.
The Emergency Department has two ambulances, and is managed by highly qualified doctors who are supported by on call consultants and professors in all medical specialties.
The hospital has an oncology department for management of tumors by the three available modalities namely surgical, chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
At Nile Badrawi, there is also a state-of-the-art unit for renal transplantation, haemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis.
There is also a Neonatal Unit with the most up-to-date incubators, ventilators and monitoring equipment. The Intensive Care Unit and the Coronary Care Unit are equipped with the latest in medical technology.
The Infertility unit, which is the first in Egypt, is equipped to offer IVF services. A Physiotherapy facility for the rehabilitation of patients after CVA and sport injuries is also available.
Some of the other services include general surgery, neurosurgery, and plastic surgery, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9652462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652462" title="Mitrofan Dovnar-Zapol'skiy">
Mitrofan Dovnar-Zapol'skiy

Mitrofan Viktorovich Dovnar-Zapol'skiy (, ; 14 June 1867, Rechytsa, Minsk Governorate — 30 September 1934, Moscow) was a historian, ethnographer, and diplomat of Belarusian origin. He hailed from the family of land-less smaller nobility and was the son of Collegiate Secretary.
He was the author of more than 150 works on the history of Kievan Rus', Muscovy, 19th-century Russia, Lithuania and Belarus, on the social-political movement, peasants' question and the ethnography of Belarus. Notably, the majority of his works were of a scientific-analytical nature. He extensively sourced his works on the materials from more than 20 archives in Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Kiev, Vilna, Warsaw, Cracow, Lviv, Kostroma, Yaroslavl', Novgorod, Nyasvizh etc. Many of his works remain unpublished. He was awarded the Order of Saint Vladimir 4th grade (April 1916) for his scientific work.
Biography.
An alumnus of the historical-philological faculty of Kiev University (1893), he wrote a magister dissertation on history in Fall 1901 and a doctoral dissertation on history in 1906. He became Professor at Moscow University (1899) and professor of Russian history at Kiev University in 1902. He was the organiser and director of the Higher Commercial Courses (Kiev, 1906), one of the organizers and the first head of the South-Western Branch of the Russian Exports Chamber (1912), and head of several popular-scientific circles and societies in Kiev.
After a conflict with students of Kiev Commercial Institute (1917) and the "Case of Stashevskiy" (1917), Dovnar-Zapol'skiy resigned from almost all professorial work. He then became professor at the Kharkiv Institute of People's Economy in December 1919 and at Kharkiv University in 1920, remaining there until 1921. He was also pro-rector of Azerbaijan University and professor of the Baku Polytechnical Institute from 1922 to 1925. Following that he was professor of Belarusian history at the Belarusian State University from October 1925 to Fall 1926, creating the Archeographical Commission of Inbelkult together with Dovgyallo in 1925. After the forced move to Moscow in the fall of 1926, he frequently had to seek occupation outside the field of science. He was professor at Timiryazev Academy in the 1930s. In the 1920s and 1930s, he occupied several management positions in the system of management of the economy in Soviet Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Belarus and Russia.
In politics.
He participated in then-illegal movements of the 1880s and was temporary banned to settle in Kiev. Later, he sympathised with left movements.
Dovnar-Zapol'skiy actively supported the Belarusian People's Republic (BPR), headed the Belarusian Chamber of Commerce in Kiev in 1918 (confirmed by the Belarus People's Secretariat on 24 April 1918), and prepared the project of the creation of the Belarusian University in Minsk at the end of March 1918. From May to October 1918, he participated in the work of the BPR's diplomatic mission in Kiev, which sought the recognition of the BPR from representatives of Soviet Russia, Ukraine, Don, Germany and Austro-Hungary.
At the request of the BPR's authorities, he prepared the notable informational "Memorandum" ("Foundations of statehood of Belarus"), published in Grodno and Vilna in 1919 in Belarusian, Russian, Polish, German and French languages; also translated to English by P. Clark. This Memorandum contained the historical ground for the necessity of creation of independent Belarusian state and was presented at the Versailles conference by the BPR's delegation, albeit without positive outcome.
His two sons perished in the ranks of Red Army during the Russian Civil War.
His printed but unpublished book "History of Belarus" caused uprage among the Belarusian political authorities (beg. 1926), was denounced as a "Cathechism of Belarusian National Democratism", and was subsequently banned; the manuscript was confiscated. Consequently, Dovnar-Zapol'skiy was forced to move to Moscow, effectively exiled (Fall 1926), and never after returned to Belarus.
From 1930 to 1934, he was heavily criticised for the alleged "Neo-Narodnichestvo", attributed the authorship of the ideological basis of "National Democratism", equated to the "agents of fascism" by acad. V.K. Shcherbakov, politically denounced together with his scientific school by his former pupil prof. A.P. Ogloblin (Kiev, 1934).
In science.
Pupil of professors Golubovskiy, Ikonnikov, and especially V.B. Antonovich, he sought to emulate the combination of scientific and educational activities, as manifested by P. Shafarik, V. Karajic, and N.I. Kostomarov.
He denounced the view of Belarusians as being devoid of nationality, and was a decided promoter and supporter of Belarusian national revival in the beginning of the 20th century. Dovnar-Zapol'skiy greeted the emergence of the "strictly objective and scientific" trend in Belarusian historical and ethnographical research. He showed general sympathy with Marxist theory but wasn't awed by it.
Historical concepts.
Dovnar-Zapol'skiy promoted the concept of primacy of the history of people over the history of states and considered ethnography and economics to be highly important, if not chief factors, in studying the history of society.
As part of his research into Belarusian history, he postulated the existence of Belarusian nationality with its own history, distinct ethnographical features, rich folk culture, with Belarusian language being heir of the speech of the Krivichi and the Dregovichs. He supported "colonisational theory" of emergence of state in Belarus, and considered Krivichi and Dregovichs largely to be isolated from Ancient Rus' state and therefore evolving differently. Dovnar-Zapol'skiy also postulated the absence of ethnographical unity in Ancient Rus' state, with external political and military affairs being the only binding factors in it.
He viewed the creation of Great Duchy of Lithuania and Rus' in the 13th century as "partially" peacefully created and mutually beneficial union between the princes of weakened Rus' and militant Lithuanian princes.
He also considered both the Lublin Union and Church Union to have been negative factors in Belarusian history, claiming they promote religious intolerance. He also disapproved of the incorporation of Belarusian land into Russia after the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth partitions. Generally, he considered "two evils" to have influenced Belarusian history negatively: the Polish "szlachta aristocratical republic" and the Russian "boyar oligarchy". He disapproved of both, as these excluded "demos", being therefore perilous to the Belarusian people who are "highly democratic in their historical and folk traditions".
Later in the 1920s, the historian further emphasised the economical factor in history and the significance of class struggle in the history of the Great Duchy.
Viewed by others.
His person and works attracted all sorts of polarized opinions. Up to the 1930s, he was regarded generally positively by M.K. Lyubavskiy, V.I. Picheto, F.F. Turuk, D.I. Dovgyallo and others. Beginning in the 1930s, he fell under stigmatizing critique and denunciation as a scientist by S.Ya. Vol'fson, V.M. Pertsev, V.K. Shcherbakov and others. In the 1940s—1970s, comparatively "safe to touch" parts of his works (ethnographical, archeological, archeographical) were being explored and built upon by V.K. Bandarchyk, M.F. Pilipyenka, I.U. Chakvin, M.M. Ulashchyk, L.V. Alyaksyeyew). Historical part of his work remained visible as scarce references up to the mid-1980s. Attempts at estimating him as a historian were made in monographies of U.M. Mikhnyuk, Z.Yu. Kapyski, V.U. Chapko. In the 1990s, there appeared works researching the generalised scientific position of Dovnar-Zapol'skiy (S.I. Mikhal'chanka), the evolution of historical concept (Dz.U. Karaw, M.F. Shumyeyka).
John Leslie Howard Keep and Alter L. Litvin refer to both Dovnar-Zapol'ski and Picheta as "moderate (Belarusian) nationalists."

</doc>
<doc id="9652473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652473" title="Frank and Ernest (broadcast)">
Frank and Ernest (broadcast)

Frank and Ernest is the name of an international religious broadcast by the Dawn Bible Students Association, which has been heard on many stations, including Radio Luxembourg. The program's format was generally that of a personal dialogue, wherein "Frank" asked "Ernest" a question (or vice versa), and a reply is given in order to expound upon the Bible.
In 1928 Norman Woodworth, following intense personal disagreement with the new policies and practices of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society, left to create the radio program "Frank and Ernest" with the help of the Brooklyn, New York Congregation of Bible Students. He had previously been responsible for producing the same radio program for the Society.
The Dawn Bible Students Association was formed as a printing house by bible students who had left their association with the Watch Tower Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9652474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652474" title="Soni Pabla">
Soni Pabla

Soni Pabla was an Indian-born musician who wrote and sang Punjabi songs.
Life.
Soni Pabla (Tejpal Singh) was born and raised in Bilaspur a village near Hoshiarpur, Punjab, India. Soni Pabla moved to Toronto, Canada in the mid 1990s. He studied music under Rajinder Singh Raj and then Mahesh Malwani, which lead him towards a recording contract with Planet Recordz, a record label in Canada. Soni released his debut album, entitled Heeray Heeray, in 2002. In 2004, Soni teamed up with Sukshinder Shinda to produce his second album, "Gal Dil Di" by velocity records. He has also been featured on numerous albums with various producers. His album "Eternity (Naseebo)" was a tribute to Soni by his friends and Planet Recordz. This album features new songs which Soni had selected for his album. Some songs in this album feature other Punjabi singers.
Death.
Soni Pabla died at the age of 30, while giving a stage performance for Aman Khroad who was hosting a performance in memory of his parents in Brampton, Ontario on October 14, 2006 at Laddi Banquet Hall. After singing a few songs, Soni went behind the stage to get a glass of water, collapsing before he drank it. Paramedics attempted to revive him but he was pronounced dead en route to the hospital. He had suffered a heart attack (myocardial infarction). Soni Pabla's funeral was shown on the Asian TV program "Jee Aayan Nu", which showed his family and friends mourning. Soni Pabla was the most loved and cared for in his family. He was a very influential artist and is missed by many. His inspiration lives on and his songs that are still played to this day.Obviously Punjabi Singer Garry Sandhu was influenced by Mr.Pabla.

</doc>
<doc id="9652475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652475" title="Ahmed Ramzy">
Ahmed Ramzy

Ahmed Ramzy (; 23 March 1930 - 28 September 2012), was an Egyptian actor who played the leading roles in many Egyptian films in the 1950s, 60s, and 70s.
Early life.
Ramzy was born Ramzy Mahmoud Bayoumi in 1930 to an Egyptian orthopedist and university professor father, his mother was a young Scottish lady.
Ramzy graduated from Alexandria's Victoria College where he met someone by the name of Michel Dimitri Challhoub who later on was known as Omar Sharif, they became friends since then.
After finishing his school, Ramzy joined the Medical school for 3 years, before transferring to the Faculty of Commerce, which he eventually dropped to pursue his career in acting.
Ramzy has one brother, Dr. Hassan Bayoumi, who followed in their father's footsteps and has his practice in London.
Career.
Ahmed Ramzy was discovered by Helmy Halim in 15-2-1955, while playing snooker in a club. He was cast by Halim in his first role, as "Ramzy" in "Ayyamna al-Holwa (Our Best Days)", along with Faten Hamama, Abdel Halim Hafez, and his lifelong friend and schoolmate Omar Sharif, The film was a box office hit. In this film he also starred the first time with very close lifetime friend Abdel Halim Hafez. Next year 1956 saw Ramzy's first starring role in "Hob wa Dumoo` (Love and Tears)" with Faten Hamama.
The late 50s were very good to Ramzy, as he participated in many movies and was highly famous for the role of the funny playboy and romantic womanizer, while the 60s begun, new young actors begun to appear taking more roles of those that Ramzy was playing but that did not stop him from going his way.
By the early 1960s, making films with more than one leading star was in favor, Ramzy teamed up with other stars or younger actors like Hassan Youseff, Youssef Fakhr Eddine, Mohamed Awad and others in a film and the fashion of trio stars films begun with titles like "The 3 wild ones", "The 3 adventures" and more which lasted to early 70s.
During the 1970s, Ramzy began participating in foreign movies shot outside Egypt, He participated in movies produced in Italy (such as "Il Figlio di Spartacus" (The Son of Spartacus)), Lebanon (such as "Fondok El Saada" (Hotel of Joy)) and Syria (such as "Banat lil Hob" (Girls for Love)).
Ramzy's active years began to be fade due to age and cinema changing moods, his 1974 film "Al Abtal" (The Heroes) that co-starred Farid Shawki was notable for the fact it was Egypt's first martial arts film and used the soundtrack of Bruce Lee's "Enter the Dragon". By mid '70s Ramzy was saying goodbye to the cinema as from 1979-1981 saw only two films, then he focused on his trading business, though he was convinced to make a comeback in 1999 in the film " Ket El Saharaa (Desert Cat) followed by a TV series Wajh al-Qamar (Face of the Moon)" with Faten Hamama in 2001.
By the entrance of the new millennium, Ramzy participated in another film by the name of "El Warda El Hamra" (The Red Rose) with actress Yousra and his last appearance was in a TV series called "Hanan W Haneen" with his eternal friend Omar Sharif, Omar's grandson - Omar Sharif, Jr. and Kareem Hamdy in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9652487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652487" title="Taste of India">
Taste of India

"Taste of India" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was released in 1997 on the band's 12th studio album "Nine Lives". It was released as a promotional single to rock radio, where it peaked at #3 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 1998. The song was written by lead singer Steven Tyler, guitarist Joe Perry, and songwriter Glen Ballard. The song, which clocks in at just under six minutes, contains elements of Indian music throughout, along with driving guitar riffs and a heavy backbeat, as well a sarangi intro by Ramesh Mishra. Joe Perry and Brad Whitford both play Stratocasters on this song. 
The band stated they got the idea for this song by walking past a restaurant named "Taste of India".
Live in concert.
This song had not been played live since the Nine Lives Tour until their concert in Bangalore on June 2, 2007. It was the opening song at the concert, and was played with the Indian flag as a backdrop.

</doc>
<doc id="9652491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652491" title="AN/PRC-148">
AN/PRC-148

The AN/PRC-148 Multiband Inter/Intra Team Radio (MBITR) is the most widely fielded handheld multiband, tactical software-defined radio, in use with NATO forces around the world. The radio is built by Thales Communications, a subsidiary of the Thales Group. The designation AN/PRC translates to Army/Navy Portable Radio used for two way Communications, according to Joint Electronics Type Designation System guidelines.
The MBITR was developed by USSOCOM and Thales Communications in the 1990s and went into production in 2000, to address the need for a secure multiband handheld radio. As the US Army realized the benefits of the system it began wider deployment with Stryker Combat Teams and then with troops deploying to Iraq and Afghanistan. As of August 2007, 100,000 MBITRs have been fielded,
Variants.
AN/PRC-148 JTRS Enhanced MBITR (JEM).
The standard AN/PRC-148 MBITR can be seamlessly upgraded to the AN/PRC-148 V3/V4 JEM, which is the first radio to be JTRS Software Communications Architecture 2.2 compliant. The radio is upgraded by replacing the front panel and COMSEC control hardware assemblies. The radio is in production and has been fielded with USSOCOM.
AN/PRC-6809 MBITR Clear.
The AN/PRC-6809 MBITR Clear is a variant of the MBITR, made available without encryption. While the PRC-148 includes US Type 1 capabilities in all versions, the PRC-6809 uses Level III DES, making it available to police, firefighters, and militaries unable to obtain ITAR approval.
Interoperability.
The MBITR can communicate with the following devices:
Replacement.
While the JEM has passed government certification, it is an evolutionary platform, and not fully compatible with all specifications of JTRS. The fully compatible system is the JTRS HMS, (Handheld, Manpack and Small form-fit) being developed by General Dynamics, and expected to be introduced in 2010. Thales Communications, BAE Systems, and Rockwell Collins are all prime subcontractors. The HMS is expected to be an integral part in the US Army's Future Combat Systems program.
Competition.
The MBITR's primary competition comes from Harris Corporation's AN/PRC-152 software defined radio, which has also received SCA and NSA certification.

</doc>
<doc id="9652519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652519" title="Welcome to Tranquility">
Welcome to Tranquility

Welcome to Tranquility is an American comic book series created by Gail Simone and Neil Googe and published by Wildstorm.
The series is set in Tranquility, a fictional town in Oregon, which is home to retired superheroes and supervillains (known colloquially as "Maxis") as well as their families. This town coexists with the existing Wildstorm Universe, with frequent references to its heroes, such as The Authority and Gen¹³.
Publication history.
The ongoing series start in December 2006. A new story arc started in issue #7. Like "", the series stopped at issue #12 and it then appeared as part of the Christos Gage-written "" crossover storyline, with artist Horacio Domingues.
Unlike "Stormwatch: PHD", and other titles involved in that story, it was not one of those that has been announced as restarting in 2008 with World's End. However, Wildstorm editor Ben Abernathy has said "Welcome to Tranquility" would return in a six-issue limited series, entitled "Welcome to Tranquility: One Foot in the Grave", with Simone returning to write it and Domingues staying on to provide the art.
Characters.
Major characters.
Sheriff Thomasina "Tommy" Lindo - Sheriff Lindo, or "Tommy", is the town's sheriff. Her main duties seem to consist of keeping peace when old rivalries flare up or when the more unbalanced inhabitants, such as Minxy Minerva, cause trouble. Rather than use swear words, she frequently uses euphemisms such as "doody", "dang", and "poop". Sheriff Lindo is the granddaughter of a Maxi hero known as The Black Glider, and the sister of Seresa Lindo, local pilot and assistant to Minxy Minerva. Romantically, she has been linked to deceased maxihero Mr. Articulate, who she freely admits to sleeping with after a stay in the hospital, during which he provided her with companionship. While Sheriff Lindo has been shown to have a quick temper, she is also an extremely courageous and compassionate person, placing herself in the line of danger to protect others, and showing more patience with the inhabitants of the town than almost anyone. To this end she uses a special energy-augmented baton made by Doc Tomorrow.
Colonel Isaac Cragg - Former member of the Liberty Squad, Colonel Cragg is the only man to serve in 3 branches of the U.S. Military simultaneously (Air Force, Navy and the Army) and holds the record for most enemy planes shot down in a career. He bears a scar across the left side of his face, and a blinded left eye, from a fight with Nazi Giant during his former military days. His combat and piloting abilities are more than likely superhuman in nature, given his record-breaking service record, coupled with the fact that some portion of said record was obtained with the limited depth perception of having only one eye. Colonel Cragg is known to have fought in World War II, but it is not known how far his service extended past the war's resolution. Colonel Cragg is usually seen with his assistant Bad Dogg. Cragg was also a pallbearer at Mr. Articulate's funeral, implying that the two were probably friends. Cragg has demonstrated difficulty adjusting to the modern era's political correctness.
Deputy Presley Duray - Former sheriff of Tranquility and currently a deputy for Sheriff Lindo. Presley lost his position as sheriff after a case in which a murder suspect in his custody committed suicide in his cell after an intense interrogation. After the suspect was found to be innocent and the real killer being caught the next day, with pictures of the murder found on his person, Presley was presumably fired or asked to resign. The guilt and shame from this event was discovered and thwarted by the newly appointed Sheriff Lindo, who deputized him.
Bad Dog - Bad Dog (real name unknown) was Colonel Cragg's topkick during their military service, and served with him on the Liberty Squad. He constantly wears a collar around his neck. He possesses superhuman "toughness," which likely consists of enhanced strength and endurance. He served as a pallbearer for Mr. Articulate, although he had a mild dislike for Mr. Articulate, due to his intelligence and expansive vocabulary. As this suggests, Bad Dog is known for having a temper, and has sometimes been shown to enter an almost feral mental state.
Emoticon - Real name unknown, Emoticon is a local teenager and grandson of a villain (and presumed Maxi) known as The Typist, and causes trouble for the citizens of Tranquility. He is disrespectful to most elders in the town. Emoticon dresses in a flashy style, including a fur coat, several necklaces and assorted other jewellery. His most distinctive feature, however, is a mask he wears, which covers his entire face. The mask displays his current emotions via a LCD screen, which expresses said emotion as a text "smiley". This mask apparently translates Emoticon's true feelings at the given moment and does not allow any attempts at concealment (effectively rendering him unable to lie.) Emoticon also speaks in netspeak, saying "lol" rather than actually laughing, and saying "All caps!" before yelling. Currently, Emoticon is being held on charges of being an accessory to Mr. Articulate's murder and possibly on the charge of assaulting a police officer. Emoticons face is horribly disfigured and without his mask he cannot see, the mask itself has a pair of replacement eyeballs for him, apparently a "gift" from the Typist himself who blinded and disfigured him as a way to bring a bit of "tragedy" in his "secret origins". As an act of kindness, Sheriff Lindo allowed him to keep wearing his mask even after his incarceration so as to spare him the shame and fear of being imprisoned without it.
Mayor Alex Fury - Alex Fury, formerly a Maxi Hero known as "Judge Fury" and Liberty Squad leader, is the mayor of Tranquility and husband of former actress/Maxi Hero Suzy Fury, also known as The Pink Bunny. Mayor Fury's top priority is giving former heroes and villains alike a place to live out their golden years in peace and keeping the town running smoothly. He seems well-equipped to this end, having seemingly limitless reservoirs of patience and diplomacy, having only lost his temper once. Fury's known powers are superior combat ability, enhanced strength and near-invulnerability. As Judge Fury, he wore a black mask somewhat in the style of an executioner's mask,as well as a white suit with a black shirt and white tie. As Tranquility's mayor, he us usually seen in a similar suit, but with a smaller mask that only covers his face from just above his eyes to the bottom of his nose.
Suzy Fury - A former actress, pin-up model and superheroine, Suzy Fury (maiden name unknown) was the Liberty Squad's "secretary" (an obvious poke at Wonder Woman's position in the Justice Society) under the Maxi name Pink Bunny. At some point in the past she married Judge Fury, and currently resides with him in Tranquility, where she runs a restaurant known as the Chik'n Go. She employs Leona Terrell as a waitress, and considers her to be like a daughter. Her only known Maxi power is that of enhanced strength (it has been claimed that she can throw a tank), though she may have some sort of attraction-based power, given the theme of her Maxi persona. Suzy was apparently given her powers in a super-soldier project headed by the O.S.U. This also created her arch rival: Rosario Munez, also known as "Hellkitten".
Dr. Rachel Steel - Rachel Steel is the town doctor, and a Maxi. Her powers seem linked to perception, giving her the ability to see through objects and to enhance her eyesight to see small details. These powers are precise enough to allow her to perform a complete murder autopsy without making a single incision, or even touching the body. Use of this power causes her eyes to glow, and seems to cause her enough pain to require the use of marijuana. She is not the highest ranking doctor in Tranquility, but is apparently the only one with powers.
Minor characters.
Acolyte - A World War II-era Maxi who possesses healing powers that she believes were given to her by God. Has her own line of "ouchless" bandages, and presumably other medical supplies.
Captain Cobra - Maxi resident of Tranquility (real name unknown) and sworn "Enemies to the DEATH!" with fellow Maxi and next-door neighbor, Mongoose Man. He has threatened to kill Mongoose Man for taking back apples from Mongoose Man's tree that fell on his side of the fence on more than one occasion. This argument has apparently progressed to the point where Deputy Troy expresses annoyance in being there again, and Sheriff Lindo has threatened to cut down the disputed tree.
Cedric - Collette Pearson's camera man. Has been assaulted and presumably murdered by an unknown assailant for his refusal to provide said assailant with the location of his boss, Collette.
Henry Hyde - Former nemesis of Maximum Man, Henry (Maxi name "Henry Hate") has since reformed. He has a twin brother, and was considered the foremost inventor of his time. He created a HATE Bomb which destroyed only living people, yet left material possessions and buildings untouched; it was this threat that brought people to Tranquility in the first place.
Seresa Lindo - Minxy Minerva's assistant and sister of Sheriff Lindo.
Lisa - The town dispatch officer. She has a daughter and apparently no super powers.
Minxy Minerva - Former child aviatrix and aeronautics engineer. Currently a resident of Tranquility. Despite her severe dementia (possibly caused by Alzheimer's Disease) she still has powerful friends in top positions in the U.S. Government because her plane designs are credited with a large part of the Allied victory in World War II. Minxy continues building and flying airplanes, which usually results in spectacular crashes. Lindo has sought to revoke her license, or equipment, but Fury has vetoed thiss.
Mongoose Man - Real name unknown, Maxi resident of Tranquility and sworn "Enemies to the DEATH!" with fellow Maxi and next-door neighbor, Captain Cobra. Mongoose Man owns an apple tree, but takes back any apples that land on Captain Cobra's side of the fence between their houses. This argument has apparently progressed to the point where Deputy Troy expresses annoyance in being there again, and Sheriff Lindo has threatened to cut down the disputed tree.
Sampson Twins - Obnoxious Maxi twins who presumably (due to their comically large physiques) have enhanced strength. After the death of Mr. Articulate they were arrested for starting a bar brawl by insulting him. One twin speaks in classical English while the other speaks in a drawl with bad grammar and slang.
Slapjack - Slapjack (real name unknown, presumed last name "Terrell") is the father or father-in-law of Deena Terrell, and grandfather to Leona Terell. His only demonstrated power is being a speedster.
Arnold Stipple - Arnold Stipple, better known under his Maxi name of Cosmos, was a member of the Liberty Squad. Though acquitted, he is considered to have betrayed the Liberty Squad to a villain known as Were-Lizard, which resulted in the death of Earth's greatest hero, Astral Man. This leads to his home in Tranquility being vandalized quite often. Due to his status as a pariah, Arnold lives alone, save for several cats.
Deena Terrell - Daughter or daughter-in-law of Slapjack, and mother of Leona Terrell. Deena is a Christian Fundamentalist who is known for her abrasive personality.
Kevin Trueblood - Former member of the Liberty Squad, under the Maxi name of Maximum Man (possibly the origin of the term.) An homage to Captain Marvel, Kyle was a timid accountant until he spoke a secret word which granted him the power of "Indian Fakirs", transforming him into a Maxi with enhanced strength, invulnerability and the power of flight. In his old age, Kyle has forgotten the word. As of the fifth issue, Kyle has found out the word, which is "Hecatean".
Deputy Troy Veron - One of Sheriff Lindo's deputies.
Zeke - An undead Maxi, whose status as a hero or villain is unknown. Zeke's "death" occurred some time in the 1960s. Zeke runs (and presumably named) Gate to the Underworld, the local cemetery and presumably the mortuary. A struggling popstar, an Elvis wannabe, he bargained with a demon for eternal youngness and everlasting life, in exchange for "looking on a little property", supposed to be the Gate to the Underworld. However, as Ezekiel repented and tried to escape, the demon badly disfigured him, thus ending his popstar career, but without taking his immortality, leaving him to be as a half-rotted corpse for eternity. He is seldom seen without his pet snake Hamnet, who is generally wrapped around his arm, and whom he talks to when no one is around.
Liberty Snots.
Former child stars who have grown up and become a Goth band after recruiting additional members, the Liberty Snots are generally considered bratty kids. There are two main characters, Kevin and Leona. The original members were once the "Tranquili-teens", who solved mysteries on a Saturday morning children's show.
Kevin Emils - Kevin, who prefers to be called "Sweet Sally" at all times, is the front man for the Liberty Snots. He possesses the ability to channel sound into forceful attacks.. He is the presumed father of his girlfriend, Leona Terrell's child. He is Kyle Truegood's godson, and is dating Leona. He hates being called Kevin and will always insist forcefully that his name is Sally.
Leona Terrell - Leona, who has taken the stage name of "Ajita", inherited her powers as a speedster from her grandfather, Slapjack. Leona is pregnant with Kevin's daughter. She works as a waitress at the Chick'n Go. Her mother is extremely controlling of her life. Leona has been attempting to pursue an acting career since the Tranquiliteens was cancelled but to no avail.
Arson - Real name unknown. Power of pyrokinesis. Seems to glean great satisfaction from the use of his powers and is seemingly the most temperamental of the Liberty Snots.
Freaksho - Real name and powers unknown. Thus far the only time he has spoken has been to level allegations against Deputy Durray. First about police brutality and then about sexual harassment, all within the space of a minute.
Mangacide - Jess dresses in a loligoth fashion. Powers involve psionic tentacles that grasp objects. Her origin was somewhat featured as a back-up story in issue #11. She recently got a job as a waitress at the Chick'n Go.
M-T - Byron is the grandson of the Maxi Doc Tomorrow. Powers involve some sort of enhanced intelligence and/or technopathy; he invents things, much like his grandfather. Actually dislikes goth music. Had a brief relationship with Roxy Spaulding of Gen¹³.
Silicon Stiletto - Real name unrevealed. Powers involve clawed fingers. She also possesses superhuman strength as she lifted Sheriff Lindo off the ground with one hand and traded blows with the super-strong Caitlin Fairchild of Gen¹³. In addition, she possesses a degree of invulnerability, taking an energy blast to the face from the Authoriteen's Kid Apollo without injury.
Deceased.
Astral Man - Real name unknown, he is the former leader of the Liberty Squad, Killed by Were-Lizard. There is a statue in the center of Tranquility bearing his likeness, as well as an inscription of his last words: "We must do right." His powers are unknown.
Arthur Hensford - An international detective during World War II, Arthur Hensford, better known as Mr. Articulate, was known for his chivalry, wit, elegant manerisms, and his signature sword-cane and blue rose corsages. He visited Sheriff Lindo during her stay in the hospital and gave her small trinkets from his world traveling days, which eventually led her to reveal that he wasn't gay, as many of the townsfolk thought due to his nature, and even going so far as to quietly provide money for Leona Terrell to have an abortion. However, after his death, the Tattler implied a past relationship with Midnighter, an openly gay superhero. After his autopsy, it was revealed that Mr. Articulate was in the final stages of cancer and had he not been murdered, he would have had a month to live, at most.
Plot.
Mr. Articulate's Death, #1-6.
Sheriff Lindo attempts to dissuade journalist Collette Pearson from doing a story on Tranquility and its inhabitants, when Minxy crash lands once more. Lindo later asks Fury if she can do something to prevent Minxy's actions, but he disallows this in lieu of Minxy's years of heroic service.
After the meeting, Lindo takes Collette and her cameraman, Cedric, to Suzie's Chik'n Go for lunch. As the bill arrives, it is taken by another town resident, Mr. Articulate. Suddenly, a gang led by a villain's grandson, The Emoticon, enters. A violent altercation ensues and is ended by Lindo. In the chaos, Mr. Articulate has been stabbed. The other present townsfolk include Cragg, Bad Dog, and Leona, the waitress at the Chick'n Go who is a former child star and Maxi.
Sheriff Lindo begins questioning suspects, while at the morgue, a tabloid reporter named Bug is caught photographing the body for an article.
After the funeral, Bug tries to blackmail Leona with knowledge that Mr. Articulate owed her a favor. Bug is forced from the restaurant by Cragg and Bad Dog, and Leona leaves to meet Kevin, her boyfriend, also a Maxi and child star. Bug, spying on the two lovers, is attacked and murdered by an unknown assailant. Lindo discovers Leona and Kevin in the park, and speaks with Leona. Leona angrily shoves Lindo. Lindo promises to stop by her house the next day and talk to Leona's overprotective mother. A distraught Leona rushes home and apologizes to her mother for not living up to her expectations, and takes a bath while reflecting that she is pregnant and wants an abortion.
Later, Lindo finds out that Bug was murdered and that Leona is hospitalized as a result of a suicide attempt. At the hospital, Leona improves, and Dr. Steel reveals that it was a genuine attempt and that Leona is pregnant. Lindo takes Mayor Fury aside and asks if he can keep the FBI off of the Articulate case until she can solve it. He gives her three days. After this meeting, Lindo goes to the scene of Bug's murder to search for clues, and discovers that Bug's equipment are missing, but she finds a book belonging to Mr. Articulate and his trademark, blue rose petals. Inside the book is written the word "DECAPITATE!" in someone else's handwriting. She has her deputies arrest Emoticon and place him in an interrogation room, where he reveals that he was paid to cause a disturbance, but didn't know Mr. Articulate was going to be killed. Lindo asks her deputies to find Collette and Cedric to place them in protective custody. Unfortunately, Cedric is kidnapped and beaten by an assailant, who throws him bound into a river.
At the hospital, Kevin arrives with the rest of the Liberty Snots, and demands to see Leona and his unborn child, or the group will attack the hospital. During this time, Henry is beaten by a shadowed assailant, who wants his deadliest weapon. Lindo asks Suzy to watch over Collette while she goes to the hospital. At the Chick'n Go, Collette mentions that she believes the water of Tranquility acts as a Fountain of Youth. Mayor Fury arrives and has a fight with Suzy, because he wants to protect Traquility's secret. He is scarred by hot grease, but punches Suzy, who calls Lindo, who has quelled the Snots' riot by letting Kevin see Leona at the request of Kyle Truegood. Wondering how she can go against Fury, Henry, who has made it to the hospital, reveals that he knew Kevin's secret word, something he lied about when asked days prior. Saying "Hecatean", Kevin becomes the much younger and mightier Maximum Man. However, Leona reveals that Articulate's killer was not the Mayor, and across town, Colonel Cragg approaches Bad Dog with Henry's bomb and tells him he has a heroic side and a darker one he can't quell. Bad Dog believes he has to beat some sense into his best friend.
Collected editions.
The series was collected into two trade paperbacks:
Awards.
In 2007, Thomasina Lindo of was named Best Female Character in the Glyph Comics Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9652521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652521" title="Iter.Viator">
Iter.Viator

Iter.Viator is the debut solo album of ex-Peccatum member, (and wife of Ihsahn) Ihriel. Translated from Latin "Iter Viator" literally means "road traveler".

</doc>
<doc id="9652526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652526" title="Davydovo">
Davydovo

Davydovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652532" title="Warren Leight">
Warren Leight

Warren Leight (born January 17, 1957) is an American playwright, screenwriter, film director and television producer. He is best known for his work on ', "Lights Out" and the showrunner for "In Treatment" and '.
Life and career.
Stage.
Warren Leight was born to jazz trumpeter Don Leight (born 1923–2004), and his wife, Timmy, the second of two children. Both Warren and his older sister, Jody (born 1955), grew up with financial trouble and around clubs. In the 50's, his father played with jazz musicians such as Claude Thornhill, Woody Herman and Buddy Rich. Leight's grandfather, Larry, and paternal great-grandfather, Harry Gurovitch, were also trumpet players of Russian descent. Raised in the Sunnyside section of the borough of Queens and the Upper West Side of Manhattan, Leight began his writing career with the 1980 horror flick "Mother's Day", followed by the documentary "Before the Nickelodeon: The Cinema of Edwin S. Porter", the indie "Stuck on You!", and the Miramax release "The Night We Never Met", which he also directed and which earned him a nomination at the Deauville Film Festival. He also scripted the 1996 Greg Kinnear comedy "Dear God."
In the 1980s, he was the creative director/writer for a highly regarded quartet of female comics known as the "High Heeled Women," which included actress Arleen Sorkin that performed in cabarets in New York City.
For his first theatrical project, Leight teamed with composer-lyricist Charles Strouse on the 1985 musical "Mayor", inspired by Ed Koch and his dealings with Leona Helmsley and Bess Myerson. It ran for 185 performances at the Top of the Gate in Greenwich Village before transferring uptown to the Latin Quarter for another seventy. His efforts garnered him a Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Book.
Leight's 1998 play "Side Man" won him the Tony Award and nominations for both the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play and the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. In 2001, his play "Glimmer, Glimmer & Shine" was produced by the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles and the Manhattan Theatre Club in NYC with John Spencer. He contributed works to The 24 Hour Plays, a unique theatrical event in which six short plays are written, rehearsed, directed, and performed within 24 hours, in 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2007. His 2006 off-Broadway effort, "No Foreigners Beyond This Point", earned him another Drama Desk nomination. Other plays include "James and Annie" and "Stray Cats".
Television.
Leight ventured into television as a freelance writer for "100 Centre Street" in 2002. On a suggestion from playwright Theresa Rebeck, "" executive producer René Balcer hired Leight to join the staff of the series in its second season as a writer/producer. His colleagues included a reference to Leight's play "Side Man"; in a third-season episode, "Shrink-Wrapped"; a bickering couple argues about the motivations of the married couple in the play. Upon a recommendation from Balcer, Leight was named the show's executive producer and head writer in 2006 when Balcer left the show at the end of the fifth season.
In 2008, he left "Criminal Intent" after its to be the showrunner for HBO's series "In Treatment", a year after "CI" moved to cable. In July 2009, it was announced that Leight had joined FX's new drama "Lights Out".
On April 11, 2011, "Variety" reported that Leight will serve as showrunner for "" starting with the . Prior to Leight joining "SVU", he wrote one of the final episodes of "Law & Order: Criminal Intent", the 10th season episode "", which was the only episode of the season not to be inspired by a real life, true event. Before production on the 13th season of "Law & Order: SVU", NBC President, Bob Greenblatt sought Leight to "reset the tone" of the show from its prior seasons, while having the storylines "still be compelling but a little more grounded".
Greenblatt and Leight, along with other "SVU" cast and crew members began calling the "revamped" series, ""SVU 2.0"". Mariska Hargitay taking over the series as lead, due to Chris Meloni's abrupt departure. In an interview with "TV Guide" Leight noted "I'm aware of how successful and well-liked this show is. I'm just trying to figure out how you rejuvenate it after 12 years." Leight joined "SVU" over chosing to launch a new show, he noted about Meloni's character's departure, "The character most affected by his departure is Olivia. I think in the old days of "Law & Order", you'd rip a limb off, attach a new limb, and go back and pitch. Rub some dirt in the wound and go out there. We're trying to do that a little. To my mind and to Mariska's mind, exit will be playing out over several episodes — sometimes in subtle ways, sometimes in overt ways."
When Leight was asked how he felt running what is currently the last remaining "Law & Order" series, he responded, "It's a storied franchise, and I don't want to go down with the last ship. I'd rather this be the turning point or a regeneration of the franchise. It was made clear to me that — and this was before Chris had left — if the show kept going the way it was going, at most it had two years left. Probably just one. If you keep doing everything you've been doing, you'll be gone. That's an interesting message to get when you take a new job. I have to hope that ... the changes being made this year lead to another five years for this show. And clearly, this summer made the case for why this show needs to be on the air. It felt like every week there was a story about powerful men behaving badly or strange goings on. In New York, the number of murders is down 75 percent from its peak, but that's not the case with this kind of crime at all. We have a wall in the writers' room that has 50 "New York Post" headlines on it from the summer. It's not like the show's original conceit doesn't make sense anymore."
Leight noted that his biggest goal for season 13 is, "First of all, survive. Survive the transition and make a compelling case for why people should continue to watch the show and come back to the show. That's on a business level. On a thematic level, we want to explore the gray of all of this. And to explore the psyches of victims and perps a little bit more and the effect this work takes on the people who do it. When a cop tells me about a real-life interrogation he did, I'm on the edge of my chair. That's where we want to be."
Prior to "SVU" being renewed a , Leight said to "TV Guide", "I don't want it to be a victory lap, I want it to be 14 years down, seven to go, as opposed to 14 years down and it's been a good run." Ratings "roller-coastered" in season 13, from its lead-in at the time, "Rock Center with Brian Williams" with competition from "" on CBS and "Revenge" on ABC, "I get so tired of people saying that the show is down from Meloni," Leight says. "From the point of view of scripted hour-longs, we're performing very strongly for NBC. Would we perform differently for a different network? Probably. Or with a different lead-in? Probably."
In October 2012, Leight said of the future of the "Law & Order" franchise - which currently consists of just "Law & Order: SVU" -, "(Dick Wolf and I) sometimes talk in general terms of where (the franchise) could go. I'm curious to see if there's another iteration somewhere down the line," he says. "We try hard to maintain a certain level of quality which I think is why the shows sustained in reruns so well. And I'd like to believe there's room for another generation in some way."

</doc>
<doc id="9652557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652557" title="Pestrikovo">
Pestrikovo

Pestrikovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652581" title="Charles Manly Stedman">
Charles Manly Stedman

Charles Manly Stedman (January 29, 1841 – September 23, 1930) was a politician and lawyer from North Carolina.
Biography.
Born in Pittsboro, North Carolina, Stedman moved to Fayetteville, North Carolina with his parents in 1853 where he attended Pittsboro and Donaldson Academies and graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1861. During the Civil War, he served as a private in the Fayetteville Independent Light Infantry Company under the 1st North Carolina Confederate Regiment before being promoted to major of the 44th North Carolina Regiment. Afterwards, Stedman returned to Chatham County, North Carolina and taught school in Pittsboro for one year. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1865, commencing practice in Wilmington, North Carolina.
Stedman first got involved in politics as a delegate to the 1880 Democratic National Convention, which nominated Winfield Scott Hancock and William Hayden English for President and Vice President of the United States. He was elected the fifth Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina in 1884, serving from 1885 to 1889, and unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of North Carolina in 1888. He moved to Asheville, North Carolina in 1891 and to Greensboro, North Carolina in 1898, continuing to practice law. Stedman served as a trustee of the University of North Carolina from 1899 to 1915, was president of the North Carolina Bar Association from 1900 to 1901, was again an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of North Carolina in 1903-04, and was director and president of the North Carolina Railroad from 1909 to 1910.
Stedman was elected a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1910 and was reelected to the seat in 1912, 1914, 1916, 1918, 1920, 1922, 1924, 1926 and 1928, serving until his death in Washington, D.C. on September 23, 1930, the last veteran of the Civil War, either Union or Confederate Army, to serve in the U.S. Congress. He was interred in Cross Creek Cemetery in Fayetteville, North Carolina. A commemorative roadside sign was placed in Fayetteville in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9652588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652588" title="Wenonah High School">
Wenonah High School

Wenonah High School is a high school for grades 9 - 12 in Birmingham, Alabama. It is part of the Birmingham City Schools.
Previous Wenonah High School.
After Wenonah School was destroyed by fire in 1946, the Tennessee Coal & Iron (TCI) Company donated a large parcel of land consisting of approximately to be used to construct a new elementary and high school. Construction began in late 1946.
In the fall of 1947, students in grades 8 - 12 from Galilee Baptist, Mt. Olive and Bryant Chapel Baptist Churches and Riley Elementary School began classes in the downstairs classrooms of Wenonah Elementary School while construction was being completed upstairs and on the high school.
The school plant was built at a cost of $500,000.00 and included 15 classrooms, administrative office, lunchroom, athletic room, shoe repair, upholstery and radio repair shop, cosmetology, foods and clothing labs.
In January 1948, the grades 9 - 12 students at the elementary school, Powderly School and students from surrounding areas of Jefferson County as far away as Shades Valley area in McCalla area, attended classes in the new building led by Principal Leon Kennedy. In May 1948, the first senior class graduated from Wenonah High School.
In 1956, seven classrooms, a library and gym were added to the school plant.
In August 1968, the dream of having a Wenonah Area Vocational School became a reality and its doors were opened to students in September 1968.
In the spring of 1970, a new facility was erected by the Jefferson County Board of Education at a cost of $300,000.00 to house the Wenonah Area Vocational School. The building was located on the southwest side of the Wenonah High School campus, which provides an ideal situation for faculty and students.
In 1973, Wenonah High School was annexed into the city of Birmingham. Administration of Wenonah was taken over by the Birmingham Board of Education.
In 1981, a new gym was constructed and equipped at a cost of more than $1,000,000.00.
The Wenonah physical plant was valued at approximately $3,500,000.00, and was a part of the Wenonah Educational Complex which also includes the elementary school, a state technical school and a junior college.
Current Wenonah High School.
In 2005, construction was begun of the current Wenonah High School. The site of the new school is located northeast of the previous Wenonah High. Students, faculty and staff of Wenonah High School watched as their new school at 2800 Wilson Road was built next door to the old school. By August 2007 they started classes in the new $40 million school.
The new Wenonah High School replaces the 1948 building with a facility that is built for 1,200 students.
The new school includes a 750-seat auditorium with theatrical lighting and sound systems. The main academic building features a state-of-the art media center, computer laboratories and classrooms for science, math, social studies, English and other subjects.
The career-technical wing contains an electronics classroom with lab areas, a classroom and fully equipped commercial kitchen for the schools well-known culinary arts program and a family and consumer science classroom. There are also classrooms and labs for welding and cosmetology.
Band and chorus classrooms also are part of the career-tech wing, which includes the cafeteria.
The new school includes a gymnasium for practice and physical education classes. The "new gym" that was part of the old school, a free-standing building, has been renovated and expanded to be a 1,400 seat-competition gym.
The school includes a football stadium with a six-lane track, concession stands, restrooms and irrigation system. The stadium, which seats 4,500, was scheduled to be completed in December 2007. The January 25, 2008 issue of the "Birmingham News" reported that the Doster Construction Co. completed construction of the new school.

</doc>
<doc id="9652613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652613" title="Mathry">
Mathry

Mathry (Welsh: Mathri) is a village in Pembrokeshire, Wales. Situated some 6 miles west of Fishguard, the village is perched atop a hill.
In 2006 in records office in Haverfordwest records were found, which show a Jemima Nicholas being baptised in the parish of Mathry on 2 March 1755.
Nearby villages include Abercastle, Trefin, Porthgain, Llanrhian, Square and Compass, Penparc and Croesgoch.

</doc>
<doc id="9652616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652616" title="Mount Bosavi">
Mount Bosavi

Mount Bosavi is a mountain in the Southern Highlands province, Papua New Guinea. It is the collapsed cone of an extinct volcano on the Great Papuan Plateau, part of the Kikori River basin. The crater is approximately 4 km wide and 1 km deep; it is home to a number of endemic species.
Part of the mountain is included in the Sulamesi Wildlife Management Area, established in 2006. It forms part of the proposed UNESCO World Heritage Site Kikori River Basin/Great Papuan Plateau.
The people living just north of the mountain refer to themselves as "Bosavi kalu" (people of Bosavi) and divide into four culturally identical but linguistically marked groups, the Kaluli, Ologo, Walulu, and Wisesi. Collectively they are often referred to as Bosavi kalu ("men of Bosavi").
Fauna and flora.
A 2009 expedition by an international team of scientists and a television crew from the BBC Natural History Unit discovered more than 40 previously undescribed species, including 16 frogs, at least 3 fish, several insects and spiders, a bat, and a giant rat, measuring 82 cm in length and weighing approximately 1.5 kg.
Mount Bosavi is also the type locality for "Pseudohydromys pumehanae", a recently described species of moss-mouse.

</doc>
<doc id="9652631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652631" title="Pepe Serna">
Pepe Serna

Pepe Serna (born July 23, 1944) is an American film and television actor and artist.
Serna's first break in movies came in 1970 on the Roger Corman directed film "Student Nurses". Over the years Serna has appeared in over 100 films, most notably "Car Wash" and "Scarface" directed by Brian De Palma, where he played Montana's friend Angel Fernandez (whose character was involved in the notorious "chainsaw scene"). He has also appeared on stage, including his solo show "El Ruco, Chuco, Cholo, Pachuco" which is Serna's version of the panorama of Latino cultural history.
Serna has been honored by the Screen Actors Guild Heritage Achievement Award; the League of United Latin American Citizens, and the Estrella Award for Arts & Culture from the Orange Country Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="9652638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652638" title="List of Bryn Mawr College people">
List of Bryn Mawr College people

The following is a list of individuals associated with Bryn Mawr College through attending as a student, or serving as a member of the faculty or staff.

</doc>
<doc id="9652640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652640" title="Neutron Man">
Neutron Man

The Neutron Man (1942–2004), real name Orlas King, was a popular Ohio State University college football fan for thirty years. Always seated by the marching band, King would burst into his original dances whenever the Ohio State University Marching Band would play the “Neutron Dance”.
Early life.
King grew up in Kettering, Ohio where his father was a tool and die maker. Every year he and his father would travel to Columbus, Ohio, to Ohio Stadium to watch a Buckeyes home football game. Later, King went on to play football on a scholarship at the University of Dayton.
Football games.
King, along with his wife Debbi, started dancing at Ohio State home football games in 1973. At that time he was known as the B Deck Dancer. He remained the B Deck Dancer until 1984 when the Ohio State Marching Band introduced its rendition of the Pointer Sisters’ “Neutron Dance”. The spectators established a connection between the song and King and began to chant, “Neutron Man, Neutron Man”. From that point forward, the Neutron Man would dance at every Ohio State home football game during the third quarter break. King eventually began to wear his scarlet and gray beret and his very own Ohio State Buckeyes jersey with “Neutron Man” printed on the back.
Contributions.
Until his death in 2004, King promoted and contributed to the Ohio State Marching Band and Ohio State Cheerleading programs. He helped to raise money for both groups and, being the owner of several restaurants, frequently catered lunches for the students after the marching band and cheerleading tryouts. Spawning from his popularity, a Neutron Man Beanie Baby was even created. A portion of the money generated from sales went to a cheerleading scholarship.
The Neutron Man Memorial Fund.
The Neutron Man Memorial Fund was established by his widow, Debbi L. McComb, to benefit the Ohio State Marching Band and the Ohio State Cheerleading programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9652642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652642" title="Zuni Cafe">
Zuni Cafe

Zuni Cafe is a restaurant in San Francisco, California. Named after the Zuni tribe, it was established in 1979 by Billy West, and with chef Judy Rodgers (formerly of Chez Panisse). It is located on Market Street in San Francisco. Rogers was with Zuni as chef and co-owner since it was founded in 1987. Gilbert Pilgram joined Zuni Café as a co-owner in 2006." Rodgers died on December 2, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9652651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652651" title="Étienne Léandri">
Étienne Léandri

Étienne Léandri (1915–1995) was an intermediary close to Charles Pasqua. He took part in the negotiations concerning many important international contracts, and represented, among others, the interests of Elf, Thomson CSF and Dumez.
Inventor.
He was the inventor of the "Gazogene", a type of gas producer for automobiles.
Criminal activities.
He led mafia criminal activities, mainly drug shipping and money forgery, notably working with Lucky Luciano.
Vichy Regime.
Under the Vichy regime, Léandri wore the uniform of the Gestapo.
CIA.
He was protected by the CIA after the Liberation, and became, along with Pasqua, one of the founders of the Gaullist "Service d'Action Civique" (SAC) in 1958. This organization, charged with underground operations for the Gaullist movement, was dissolved by Socialist President François Mitterrand in 1982 after the Auriol massacre.
Businessman.
During the war, he was a business associate of the American pharmaceutical and perfume manufacturer, E. Virgil Neal, of Tokalon; and, according to some accounts, Léandri had become Director of Tokalon by 1944.
Léandri was involved in various political scandals, such as the Sofremi affair, for which Pasqua has been indicted, and the affair concerning the moving of the headquarters of the GEC-Alsthom Transport firms (for which Pasqua has also been indicted). In 1994 the second affair concerning Alstom generated a commission of 5.2 million Francs (790,000 Euros) paid by Pasqua to Étienne Léandri.

</doc>
<doc id="9652658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652658" title="Philip Drucker">
Philip Drucker

Philip Drucker (1911-1982) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist who specialized in the Native American peoples of the Northwest Coast of North America. He also played an important part in the early excavations under Matthew Stirling of the Smithsonian of the Olmec culture in Mexico, especially the site of La Venta. 
Born in Chicago on January 13, 1911, he began his college career studying animal husbandry at the University of Colorado before switching to Liberal arts and archaeology. He then took further degrees in Anthropology at University of California, Berkeley.
The main Olmec expeditions were in 1940-42 when he worked for the Bureau of American Ethnology in Washington, D.C. His first Olmec period ended when he joined the U.S. Naval Reserve in 1942, seeing active service until 1945. He then joined the Smithsonian but in 1948 he was ordered to active duty by the U.S.N.R. as anthropologist to the American occupation administration for Micronesia, with the rank of Lieutenant-Commander, serving until 1952. From 1955-66 he largely gave up academic work and farmed in California, marrying and having two children. From 1966 he returned to academic life at the University of Kentucky, and elsewhere as a visiting professor.

</doc>
<doc id="9652673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652673" title="Ulster &amp; Delaware Railroad Historical Society">
Ulster &amp; Delaware Railroad Historical Society

The Ulster & Delaware Railroad Historical Society is a chapter of the National Railway Historical Society (NRHS). It focuses on the history of the railroads and related social, economic, and cultural institutions of the Catskill and Hudson Valley regions. That history, which began with the charter of the Catskill & Ithaca Railroad in 1828, encompasses numerous proposed and built railroads and trolley lines within Ulster, Delaware, Greene, Schoharie, Albany and Otsego counties.
Preservation activities.
In Roxbury, New York, the Roxbury Railroad Station is owned by the Society and is being restored. The society has opened the Roxbury Depot Museum in the depot, showcasing many artifacts and displays from the railroads mentioned above.
The society owns and is in the process of restoring: former NYO&W "Bobber" Caboose #8206, built at the NYO&W Middletown Shops in 1906; and former Brooklyn East District Terminal #14, a H. K. Porter, Inc Locomotive Works 0-6-0T steam locomotive, built in August 1920 at their facility in Pittsburgh, PA. Both are currently stored in the Delaware and Ulster Railroad yards in Arkville, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9652675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652675" title="Mulholland Dam">
Mulholland Dam

The Mulholland Dam is a Los Angeles Department of Water and Power dam located in the Hollywood Hills of Los Angeles, California. Designed with a storage capacity of of water at a maximum depth of , the dam impounds the Hollywood Reservoir.
History.
Originally named Weid Canyon Dam, then Hollywood Dam and, finally, Mulholland Dam in honor of William Mulholland who at the time was the General Manager and Chief Engineer of the Bureau of Water Works and Supply, a predecessor department of what is now known as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. Mulholland was responsible for the design and construction of the Los Angeles Aqueduct and much of the city's water system, including many of the early earthen dams and storage reservoirs. 
The area was first surveyed for use as a reservoir in 1912. In 1922, the area was again surveyed and designs for a masonry dam began to be made. Construction of the dam began in August 1923 and it was completed during December of 1924. Upon its completion, the Mulholland dam became the first concrete, curved gravity dam designed and built by the Bureau of Water Works and Supply. 
The St. Francis Dam was also designed and built by the Bureau of Water Works and Supply, and in that its design was an adaptation of the Mulholland Dam, it was nearly identical in size and shape. In March of 1928, the dam experienced a catastrophic failure, and the resulting flood devastated the Santa Clara Valley and took the lives of as many as six hundred people.
William Mulholland ordered the Hollywood reservoir lowered shortly after the collapse of the St. Francis Dam as a precaution as well as to help ease public fears of a repeat disaster. 
Due to the St. Francis Dam disaster, the California legislature created an updated dam safety program and in 1929, the Department of Public Works, under the oversight of the State Engineer was given authority to review all non-federal dams over 25 feet high or which would hold more than 50 acre-feet of water. The new legislation also allowed the State to employ consultants, as they deemed necessary. Additionally, the State was given full authority to supervise the maintenance and operation of all non federal dams.
Soon after the failure of the St. Francis Dam a Committee of Engineers & Geologists to Assess Mulholland Dam was appointed to reviewed the safety of the Mulholland Dam. This was followed in January 1930 by the External Review Panel to evaluate the structure, convened by the State of California. In March 1930 the City of Los Angeles Board of Water & Power Commissioners appointed their own Board of Review for the dam.
Although the state’s panel did not recommend modification of the dam, both panels came to similar conclusions that the fact the dam lacked, what was then considered sufficient uplift relief and which may possibly lead to destabilization, was unacceptable. A fourth panel, the Board of Engineers to Evaluate Mulholland Dam, was appointed in 1931 to examine the feasibility of abandoning Mulholland Dam. An external Geological Report of the Suitability of Foundations followed this in late 1931, appointed by the Board of Water & Power Commissioners. In their investigations, design deficiencies were uncovered.
These inherent design deficiencies, made by the engineering department while planning and which were employed in the Mulholland and, thereby the St. Francis Dam were brought to light and given little public notice in 1931.
The decision ultimately made was to permanently keep the Hollywood Reservoir drawn down, and keep its capacity to no more than , the reservoir now is usually maintained at about , and to place an enormous amount of earth, , on the dam’s downstream face to bolster its resistance against hydraulic uplift, earthquake forces and screen it from public view. This work was carried out in 1933-34, after which the LADWP undertook a forceful program of re-vegetation on the new earth, which succeeded in screening the dam from most everyone’s notice.
In popular culture.
The Mulholland Dam was portrayed in the 1974 disaster film "Earthquake", where after a large earthquake destroys much of Los Angeles, the dam threatens to collapse and does due to aftershocks.
Notes.
The Mulholland Dam appeared in the first sequence of the movies "Seven Psychopaths" of Martin McDonagh.

</doc>
<doc id="9652676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652676" title="Buffalo &amp; Erie County Public Library">
Buffalo &amp; Erie County Public Library

The Buffalo & Erie County Public Library is located on Lafayette Square, Buffalo, New York. The current facility, built in 1963, replaced the original Cyrus Eidlitz Buffalo Public Library Building dedicated in February 1887. The first Buffalo Public Library, in turn, replaced the Erie County, New York courthouse, which occupied the parcel from 1816-1876.
Founded ca. 1835 as the Young Men's Association (not to be confused with the Young Men's Christian Association), prominent members included Samuel Clemens, who was the editor of the "Buffalo Express" from 1869-1871. The Young Men's Association was a private subscription library, meaning that paid membership was required in order to borrow books. In 1883, the Association began a fund-raising campaign for a new building and held an architectural competition, which culminated in Eidlitz's 1887 design. Upon completion, the Association turned over its collections to the citizens of Buffalo and the Buffalo Public Library was born, with no requirement for dues or membership.
Significant Library collections include the original, hand-written manuscript of Mark Twain's "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn", which Twain donated to the library in 1885; and the Milestones of Science, a collection of first editions announcing major advancements in Western science.
Institutional Services.
The Institutional Services Division provides library services in three Erie County institutions.
Home Branch Library
First begun in 1956 with only a few books, this library at the Erie County Home has evolved dramatically. Users can now enjoy typical branch services as well as use the program room for coffee hour, old-time radio programs, read-alouds and travel club programs. Magnifying bars, book supports, tape-players, slides, slideviewers and electronic magnifiers are available for those needing special accommodations. Collections such as large print, video and audio cassettes create a warm place to find information or just sit and talk to a friend. For those unable to come to this library, room-to-room cart service to residents is provided.
Correctional Facility Library
This library located within the Erie County Correctional Facility contains both a law library and a general public library. Constructed in 1986, this library was the first to be built as a core or focal point of a Correctional Facility. Its general collection contains over 8,000 books for inmates' educational and recreational purposes, and of the library is set aside to house a legal collection of over 4,000 volumes. Computers are available to inmates for their legal work.
Holding Center Library
Begun in 1969 as cart service to cells, this library has grown to encompass a new facility with both a legal collection and a general library. Residents can borrow all types of materials from adventure fiction to religious non-fiction and use a large legal collection while awaiting trial.
Special Collections.
The Center for Afro-American History and Research
The Center for Afro-American History and Research is the largest resource center in Western New York for information on African-American history and is located at Frank E. Merriweather Jr. Library. The reference collection includes books, microfilm and pictures with its emphasis on primary source material related to African-American history in Western New York. The "Buffalo Afro-American Collection" is a microfilmed collection, which contains the records of many local organizations as well as the personal papers of community leaders. Records include Urban League, BUILD papers, Bethel A.M.E. Church, First Shiloh, Raphael DuBard's papers and more.
Collection for Persons with Disabilities
For individuals with visual impairments, radio receivers, talking books, print-braille books, descriptive videos and large print books are in circulation. A personal reader and electronic magnifier are available for public use with training on the equipment provided. For individuals with hearing impairment, telecaption decoders and assistive listening devices circulate and a TTY 24-hour Reference Access line is available at 842-0051.
Grosvenor Room (Genealogy, Music, Rare Books)
This department of Central Library (716-858-8900), opened in 1994 as the Special Collections Department, brings together the library's extensive genealogy and local history materials. The Grosvenor Room includes family histories; general and ethnic genealogical research manuals; vital records indexes; passenger lists indexes; church and cemetery records; surname dictionaries; local histories; military rosters; heraldry and family crest dictionaries; and directories of all kinds. In 1995, the Department became the home of the collection of the Western New York Genealogical Society, the region's oldest and largest genealogy organization. Materials from most Grosvenor Room collections are for in-library use only and cannot be borrowed.
Mark Twain Room
This special exhibition room at the Central Library is the home of Twain's original handwritten manuscript, "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn". Twain was a briefly a member of the Buffalo and Erie County Public Library's predecessor, the Young Men's Association, and donated the manuscript of what is considered by many to be the greatest American novel. In 1885, Twain sent the second half of "Huckleberry Finn", believing the first half had been lost by a printer. In 1991, the missing portion of the manuscript turned up in a small steamer trunk in a Los Angeles attic. It was among the possessions of descendents of James Fraser Gluck, a curator of the Buffalo Library who had requested the manuscript from Twain a century earlier. Eventually, Twain mailed the missing half of the manuscript to Gluck, but Gluck, who apparently took it to have it bound, died with it among his belongings in 1897. After gaining possession, the B&ECPL united the manuscript in 1992 for the first time in over a century. This priceless literary masterpiece is showcased in the heart of the Twain room.
The Mark Twain Room also houses an antique walnut mantel from the now-demolished Delaware Avenue home where Mark Twain resided during his short newspaper career in Buffalo. A framed oil portrait of Twain hangs prominently above this scrupulously restored hardwood mantel. Norman Rockwell prints from a 1940 edition of "Huckleberry Finn" enhance the walls on either side. Two bookcases feature hundreds of Twain publications, including many first editions and many in foreign languages. The Mark Twain Room is open during normal Central Library hours of operation.

</doc>
<doc id="9652686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652686" title="300 North LaSalle">
300 North LaSalle

300 North LaSalle is a 60-story mixed-use building, constructed from 2006 to 2009, located on the north bank of the Chicago River on the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The building contains 1.3 million square feet (121,770 square meters) of space to include offices, retail shops, restaurants, and public spaces, as well as three levels of underground parking. Due to its location on the north bank of the Chicago River, the building features a half-acre sunlit waterfront public garden with direct access to the river's edge. The structural steel was fabricated and erected by Cives Steel Co. and detailed by Maine Detailers, a division of Cives Steel Co.
Green Building.
300 North LaSalle achieved Platinum certification under the U.S. Green Building Council’s LEED for Existing Buildings (EB) category, the highest rating possible. The tower previously received Gold certification under the LEED for Core & Shell (CS) Rating System.
Ownership.
The building was sold from the Hines companies on July 29, 2010, to KBS REIT II, Inc., a Southern California real estate investment fund.
Tenants.
As of July 29, 2010, the building was 93% leased to 24 tenants. Kirkland & Ellis, Chicago's biggest law firm, is the anchor tenant and leases floors in the low-rise and mid-rise sections of the building. Other tenants include the management consulting firm Boston Consulting Group, private equity firm GTCR, investment bank Moelis & Company, the restructuring and consulting firm AlixPartners, and the corporate law firm Quarles & Brady LLP.

</doc>
<doc id="9652704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652704" title="Admiral's Cove">
Admiral's Cove

Admiral's Cove is a small unincorporated fishing community located in Cape Broyle Harbour on the southern shore of the Avalon Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652705" title="Ronald Olson">
Ronald Olson

Ronald L. Olson (born July 9, 1941) is an American attorney and partner in the Los Angeles office of the law firm of Munger Tolles & Olson LLP. Most recently, Olson was the lead attorney representing the board of directors of Yahoo! in connection with Microsoft's proposed acquisition of Yahoo!. Olson was contemporaneously involved in Yahoo!'s Google outsourcing contract.
Career.
Ronald Olson received his baccalaureate degree from Drake University and his Juris Doctor from the University of Michigan. In 1967, Olson worked as a civil rights attorney in the Civil Rights Division of the United States Department of Justice. In 1968, he clerked for the Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, the Honorable David L. Bazelon. Olson is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
From 1968 to the present, he has practiced law with the Los Angeles law firm now known as Munger, Tolles & Olson. Olson was formerly Chairman of the Standing Committee on Federal Judiciary (1991–92), Chairman of the Litigation Section (1981–82), and Chairman of the Alternative Dispute Resolution Committee (1976–86) of the American Bar Association, and was Vice President of the Board of Governors of the State Bar of California (1986–87). He is a fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers.
Olson’s field of specialization is litigation and corporate counseling. He counsels individual executives and boards of directors in a range of matters, including corporate governance.
Olson is a director of Berkshire Hathaway, Edison International, City National Corporation, The Washington Post Company, and Western Asset Trusts. He serves as a director of several non-profits, including the RAND Corporation (formerly chair), the Mayo Clinic, the Council of Foreign Relations, Southern California Public Radio (formerly chair), and the California Institute of Technology. He was Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Claremont University Center and Graduate School from 1984-94.

</doc>
<doc id="9652708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652708" title="Anglo-Saxon London">
Anglo-Saxon London

The history of Anglo-Saxon London relates to the history of the city of London during the Anglo-Saxon period, during the 7th to 11th centuries.
Romano-British "Londinium" had been abandoned in the late 5th century, although the London Wall remained intact. There was an Anglo-Saxon settlement by the early 7th century, called " Lundenwic", about one mile away from Londinium.
Lundenwic came under direct Mercian control in about 670. After the death of Offa of Mercia in 796, it was disputed between Mercia and Wessex.
Viking invasions became frequent from the 830s, and a Viking army is believed to have camped in the old Roman walls during the winter of 871.
Alfred the Great re-established English control of London in 886, and renewed its fortifications. The old Roman walls were repaired and the defensive ditch was re-cut, and the city now became known as "Lundenburh", marking the beginning of the history of the City of London.
Sweyn Forkbeard attacked London unsuccessfully in 996 and 1013, but his son Cnut the Great finally gained control of London, and all of England, in 1016.
Edward the Confessor, the step-son of Cnut, became king in 1042. He built Westminster Abbey, the first Norman Romanesque church in England, consecrated in 1065. Edward's death led to a succession crisis, and ultimately the Norman invasion of England.
Early settlement.
Following the virtual abandonment of the Roman city, the area's strategic location on the River Thames meant that the site was not deserted for long. From the late 5th century, Anglo-Saxons began to inhabit the area.
There is almost no reliable evidence about what happened in the London area during the Sub-Roman or so-called "Dark Ages" period from around 450 to 600. Although early Anglo-Saxon settlement avoided the area immediately around Londinium, there was occupation on a small scale of much of the hinterland on both sides of the river. There is no contemporary literary evidence, but the area must for some time have been an active frontier between the Anglo-Saxons and the Britons.
Lundenwic.
Early Anglo-Saxon settlement in the London area was not on the site of the abandoned Roman city, although the Roman London Wall remained intact. Instead, by the 7th century a village and trading centre named Lundenwic was established approximately to the west of Londinium (named Lundenburh, or 'London Fort', by the Anglo-Saxons), probably using the mouth of the River Fleet as a trading ship and fishing boat harbour. 
In the early 8th century, Lundenwic was described by the Venerable Bede as "a trading centre for many nations who visit it by land and sea." The Old English term "wic" or 'trading town' ultimately derived from the Latin word "vicus", so Lundenwic meant 'London trading town'.
Archaeologists were for many years puzzled as to where early Anglo-Saxon London was located, as they could find little evidence of occupation within the Roman city walls from this period. However in the 1980s, London was 'rediscovered', after extensive independent excavations by archaeologists Alan Vince and Martin Biddle were reinterpreted as being of an urban character. Recent excavations in the Covent Garden area have uncovered an extensive Anglo-Saxon settlement that dates back to the 7th century. The excavations show that the settlement covered about , stretching from the present-day National Gallery site in the west to Aldwych in the east.
By about 600, Anglo-Saxon England had become divided into a number of small kingdoms within what eventually became known as the Heptarchy. From the mid-6th century, London was incorporated into the Kingdom of Essex, which extended as far west as St Albans and for a period included Middlesex and Surrey. 
In 604, Sæbert of Essex was converted to Christianity and London received Mellitus, its first post-Roman bishop of London. At this time Essex owed allegiance to Æthelberht of Kent and it was under Æthelberht that Mellitus founded the first cathedral of the East Saxons, which is traditionally said to be on the site of an old Roman Temple of Diana (although the 17th century architect Sir Christopher Wren found no evidence of this). 
The original building would have only been a modest church at first and it may well have been destroyed after Mellitus was expelled from the city by Saeberht's pagan successors in 616. 
The majority of London's population remained pagan during the larger part of the 7th century, and the bishop's seat was occupied only intermittently, by Cedd between 653 and 664, and by Wine between 666 and c. 672. The bishopric of London was re-established for good in 675, when the archbishop of Canterbury, Theodore of Tarsus, installed Earconwald as bishop.
Lundenwic came under direct Mercian control in about 670, as Essex became gradually reduced in size and status. After the death of Offa of Mercia in 796, it was disputed between Mercia and Wessex.
Viking attacks.
London suffered attacks from Vikings, which became increasingly common from around 830 onwards. It was attacked in 842 in a raid that was described by a chronicler as "the great slaughter". In 851, another raiding party, reputedly involving 350 ships, came to plunder the city. 
In 865, the Viking Great Heathen Army launched a large scale invasion of the small kingdom of East Anglia. They overran East Anglia, Mercia and Northumbria and came close to controlling most of Anglo-Saxon England. By 871 they had reached London and they are believed to have camped within the old Roman walls during the winter of that year. Although it is unclear what happened during this time, London may have come under Viking control for a period. 
In 878, West Saxon forces led by Alfred the Great defeated the Vikings at the Battle of Ethandun and forced their leader Guthrum to sue for peace. The Treaty of Wedmore and the later Treaty of Alfred and Guthrum divided England and created the Danish controlled Danelaw.
Lundenburh.
English rule in London was restored by 886. Alfred quickly set about establishing fortified towns or burhs across southern England to improve his kingdom's defences: London was no exception. Within ten years, the settlement within the old Roman walls was re-established, now known as Lundenburh. The old Roman walls were repaired and the defensive ditch was re-cut. This changes effectively marked the beginning of the present City of London, the boundaries of which are still to some extent defined by its ancient city walls.
As the focus of Lundenburh was moved back to within the Roman walls, the original Lundenwic was largely abandoned and in time gained the name of Ealdwic, 'old settlement', a name which survives today as Aldwych.
10th century London.
Alfred appointed his son-in-law Earl Æthelred of Mercia, the heir to the destroyed kingdom of Mercia, as Governor of London and established two defended Boroughs to defend the bridge, which was probably rebuilt at this time. The southern end of the bridge was established as the Southwark or "Suthringa Geworc" ('defensive work of the men of Surrey'). From this point, the city of London began to develop its own unique local government.
After Æthelred's death, London came under the direct control of English kings. Alfred's son Edward the Elder won back much land from Danish control. By the early 10th century, London had become an important commercial centre. Although the political centre of England was Winchester, London was becoming increasingly important. Æthelstan held many royal councils in London and issued laws from there. Æthelred the Unready favoured London as his capital and issued his Laws of London from there in 978.
The Vikings return.
It was during the reign of Æthelred that Vikings resumed their raids, led by Sweyn Forkbeard of Denmark. London was attacked unsuccessfully in 994, but numerous raids followed. In 1013, London underwent a long siege and Æthelred was forced to flee abroad. 
Æthelred returned with his ally the Norwegian king Olaf and reclaimed London. A Norse saga tells of a battle during the Viking occupation where the English king Æthelred returned to attack Viking-occupied London. According to the saga, the Danes lined London Bridge and showered the attackers with spears. 
Undaunted, the attackers pulled the roofs off nearby houses and held them over their heads in the boats. Thus protected, they were able to get close enough to the bridge to attach ropes to the piers and pull the bridge down, defeat the Vikings and ending the occupation of London. There is some speculation that the nursery rhyme "London Bridge is Falling Down" stems from this incident.
Following Æthelred's death on 23 April 1016, his son Edmund Ironside was declared king. 
Sweyn's son Cnut the Great continued the attacks in, harrying Warwickshire and 
pushing northwards across eastern Mercia in early 1016. 
Edmund remained in London, still unsubdued behind its famous walls, and was elected king after the death of Aethelred, but Cnut returned southward and the Danish army evidently divided, some dealing with Edmund, some besieging London.
There was a battle fought at Penselwood, in Somerset and a subsequent battle at Sherston, in Wiltshire, which was fought over two days but left neither side victorious. Edmund was able to temporarily relieve London, driving the enemy away and defeating them after crossing the Thames at Brentford. Suffering heavy losses, he withdrew to Wessex to gather fresh troops, and the Danes again brought London under siege, but after another unsuccessful assault they withdrew into Kent under attack by the English, with a battle fought at Otford. 
On 18 October 1016, the Danes were engaged by Edmund's army as they retired towards their ships, leading to the Battle of Assandun. In the ensuing struggle, Eadric Streona, whose return to the English side had perhaps only been a ruse, withdrew his forces from the fray, bringing about a decisive English defeat. Edmund fled westwards, and Cnut pursued him into Gloucestershire, with another battle probably fought near the Forest of Dean.
On an island near Deerhurst, Cnut and Edmund - who had been wounded - met to negotiate terms of peace. It was agreed that all of England north of the Thames was to be the domain of the Danish prince, while all to the south was kept by the English king, along with London. 
Accession to the reign of the entire realm was set to pass to Cnut upon Edmund's death. 
Edmund died on 30 November, within weeks of the agreement. Some sources claim Edmund was murdered, although the circumstances of his death are unknown. In accord with the treaty, Cnut was left as king of all of England. His coronation was in London, at Christmas, with recognition by the nobility in January the next year at Oxford.
Cnut was succeeded briefly by his sons, Harold Harefoot and Harthacnut, after which the Saxon line was restored when Cnut's stepson Edward the Confessor became king in 1042.
Edward the Confessor and the Norman invasion.
Following Harthacnut's death on 8 June 1042, Godwin, the most powerful of the English earls, supported Edward, who succeeded to the throne. The "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" describes the popularity he enjoyed at his accession — "before he was buried, all the people chose Edward as king in London." Edward was crowned at the cathedral of Winchester, the royal seat of the West Saxons, on 3 April 1043.
Modern historians reject the traditional view that Edward mainly employed Norman favourites, but he did have foreigners in his household. Chief among them was Robert of Jumièges, who came to England in 1041, becoming bishop of London in 1043. According to the "Vita Edwardi", he became "always the most powerful confidential adviser to the king".
When Edward appointed Robert of Jumièges as Archbishop of Canterbury in 1051, he chose the leading craftsman Spearhafoc to replace Robert as bishop of London.
Edward's Norman sympathies are most clearly seen in the major building project of his reign, Westminster Abbey, the first Norman Romanesque church in England. This was commenced between 1042 and 1052 as a royal burial church, consecrated on 28 December 1065, completed after his death in about 1090, and demolished in 1245 to make way for Henry III's new building, which still stands. It was very similar to Jumièges Abbey, which was built at the same time. Robert of Jumièges must have been closely involved in both buildings, although it is not clear which is the original and which the copy.
Following Edward's death, no clear heir was apparent and his cousin, Duke William of Normandy, claimed the throne. The English Witenagemot met in the city and elected Edward's brother-in-law, Harold Godwinson, as king: Harold was crowned in Westminster Abbey. William, outraged by this, then invaded England.

</doc>
<doc id="9652709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652709" title="Lister Community School">
Lister Community School

Lister Community School is a non-selective, mixed, 11-16 comprehensive secondary school, located at St Mary’s Road, Plaistow, Newham, London.
In November 2008, an Ofsted inspection rated the school "Good with outstanding features". This was downgraded to "Satisfactory" following an inspection in 2012. but upgraded again to "Good" in the recent inspection in November 2013, with 64% of lessons inspected rated as "good" or "outstanding" and none "inadequate".
The current headteacher of the school, since September 2011, is Anthony Wilson.
The school uses vertical tutoring to integrate the community of students across the range of ages and year groups. 
It is one of a few schools in Newham that provides specialist British sign language interpreters for students who have hearing impairments.
History.
The school was founded by West Ham Council in 1921 as Livingstone Day Continuation Institute, in Balaam Street Congregational schoolroom. It relocated a few times, was briefly absorbed into North West Ham Technical School after World War II, and was successively renamed as Lister Day-Continuation Institute (1933), Lister Technical School (1956), Lister Comprehensive (1972) and finally Lister Community School. Purpose-built facilities for the school were completed in the 1990s.
In 2003, pupils staged a walk-out in protest against the invasion of Iraq.
In 2005 Lister pupils won a poetry slam, and the school magazine "Carbolic" (named in honour of the school's namesake, local surgeon Joseph Lister) gained high praise from Benjamin Zephaniah and Michael Rosen.
The school moved into brand new premises completed in 2010 at a cost of £25 million under the Building Schools for the Future (BSF) programme.

</doc>
<doc id="9652716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652716" title="Joan Lowell">
Joan Lowell

Helen Joan Lowell (November 23, 1902-November 7, 1967) was a movie actress of the silent film era from Berkeley, California. Lowell published a sensational autobiography, "Cradle of the Deep" in 1929, which turned out to be a pure fabrication.
Childhood story.
In 1929, Joan Lowell published an autobiography, "Cradle of the Deep", published by Simon & Schuster, in which she claimed that her sea captain father took her aboard his ship, the "Minnie A. Caine", at the age of three months when she was suffering from malnutrition. He nursed her back to health. She lived on the ship, with its all-male crew, until she was 17. She became skilled in the art of seamanship and once harpooned a whale by herself. Ultimately, the ship burned and sank off Australia, and Lowell swam three miles to safety, with a family of kittens clinging by their claws to her back. In fact, the book was a fabrication; Lowell had been on the ship, which remained safe in California, for only 15 months. The book was a sensational best seller until it was exposed as pure invention. The book was later parodied by Corey Ford in his book "Salt Water Taffy" in which Lowell abandons the sinking ship (which had previously sunk several times before "very badly") and swims to safely with her manuscript.
Background.
Lowell's mother was the daughter of a Massachusetts Lowell. Her father was the
son of a landowner from Montenegro and a Turkish woman.
Lowell feared that her father, Captain Nicholas Wagner (Preacher Nick), had died on December 24, 1924. Newspapers reported his ship, the Oceanic Vance, sank off the coast of Mexico. Two weeks overdue in Los Angeles, California, the schooner was sighted in January 1925, fifteen miles (24 km) northwest of San Diego, California. The Oceanic Vance had lost her convoy, the schooner Westerner, on Christmas Eve, 1924.
Movie actress.
Lowell received her dramatic training from Gwendolen Logan Seiler, and became an extra at Goldwyn Pictures at the age of 17. She played bit parts in motion pictures as an extra. One of her first efforts was the role of "Madge Barlow" in the movie "Loving Lies" (1924). She was featured with Monte Blue in "Cap'n Dan" and in the Thompson Buchanan production of "The Cub".
After completing a leading part in "Branded a Thief" (1924), about Mexican frontier life, Lowell was chosen as the "Queen of the Fourth of July" for 1924 in Tijuana, Mexico. She was selected by Senor De Los Rios, a noted bullfighter from Spain.
Her last screen role was in "Adventure Girl" (1934), a film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and loosely based on her fictionalized autobiography. In 1935, Lowell sued Van Beuren Studios and Amedee J. Van Beuren for an accounting of the profits. Van Beuren promptly made a counter-claim for $300,000 damages allegedly sustained because of Lowell's "inexpert" performance in the picture.
Author and reporter.
Lowell's book about growing up at sea, "Cradle of the Deep", became a nonfiction bestseller in 1929, until it was exposed as a fabrication when neighbors of her parents were interviewed by the "San Francisco Chronicle".
She married playwright Thompson Buchanan on October 16, 1927. The couple resided on a farm three miles (5 km) from New Hope, Pennsylvania. They separated in October 1929. Lowell continued to live in the smaller of two old stone houses on the property. She named the home Joan's Ark. Lowell liked the country, her horses, and books, while Buchanan preferred city life.
Lowell became a newspaper reporter in Boston, Massachusetts in the
early 1930s. She was assaulted by booking agent Morris Levine. He was sentenced to fourteen months in the House of Correction in January 1932.
Lowell worked for WOR (AM) radio station in New York City in 1934.
Joan Lowell married a sea captain, Leek Bowen, in 1936. He took her to the jungles of Brazil to carve out a coffee plantation. She chronicled their adventures in a book, "Promised Land" (1952).
Joan Lowell died in Brasilia, Brazil in 1967. Photo Joan Lowell in Brasilia, 1966.
[http://www.svpvril.com/Joan_Lowell.jpg]

</doc>
<doc id="9652725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652725" title="1973 in Northern Ireland">
1973 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9652744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652744" title="Pete Wysocki">
Pete Wysocki

Peter Joseph Wysocki (October 3, 1948 – June 14, 2003) was an American football linebacker who played his entire six-year career with the Washington Redskins from 1975 to 1980 in the National Football League. Wysocki previously played four seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Toronto Argonauts and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He died in 2003 in Vienna, Virginia of non-Hodgkins lymphoma.

</doc>
<doc id="9652745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652745" title="Helen Codere">
Helen Codere

Helen Frances Codere (September 10, 1917 – June 5, 2009) was an American cultural anthropologist who received her BA from the University of Minnesota in 1939 and her PhD in anthropology from Columbia University where she studied with Ruth Benedict. She is best known for her work with the Kwakwaka'wakw people of coastal British Columbia, Canada, known formerly as the "Kwakiutl." 
Her academic years spanned over fifty years and included professorships at Vassar College, the University of British Columbia, Northwestern University, Bennington College, and the University of Pennsylvania.
Personal life.
Helen Codere was born in Winnipeg, but soon after moved to Minnesota. She never married and stated that "single women lack some of the freedom and mobility of single men; they are objects of even greater curiosity and scrutiny in a world in which going two by two is projected", although she did have a longtime companion, Marion Tait.
Her vacation place in Vermont closely resembles her childhood interest of living like the author Henry David Thoreau had once done – it had no running water, but a system of barrels with gutters along the two cabins. Codere favored khaki-type trousers and casual shirts. She is known for being a "renaissance woman," by her friends. "She was extremely accurate with words, had a great sense of humor, a compelling laugh, and was fiercely independent. She was adamant about reading the paper every day, and always looked ready to go on a hike".
Career.
Codere held positions in the American Ethnological Society and various faculty appointments, notably Brandeis (1964–82), where she also served as dean of the graduate school (1974 – 77). Her academic appointments spanned five decades and included positions at Vassar College, the University of British Columbia, Northwestern University, Bennington College, and the University of Pennsylvania. Her many awards and fellowships include the Social Science Research Council and the Guggenheim Foundation.
“Codere entered anthropology at a time when the members of the American Anthropology Association would have fitted into one ballroom”. Codere was also one of the first women anthropologists to hold a senior faculty position in a university. Among her achievements, was the 1966 editing of Franz Boas' book "Kwakiutl Ethnography"; after he died she continued the work of the Kwakiutl peoples. In 1951, and 1954–55, Codere went on trips to study the Kwakiutl people, where she lived with a family.
Later life.
After retiring, Codere lived on Concord where she continued to volunteer at the library, and spend time with her companion, Marion Tait. When Tait died, Codere never fully recovered. She died on June 5, 2009. She had donated all of her land to the Vermont Land Trust and most of her books to the library at the University of Vermont’s anthropology department.
Works.
Kwakiutl.
Codere's first major work was "Fighting with Property: Study of Kwakiutl Potlatching and Warfare, 1792–1930", which was also her dissertation for Columbia. In this book, Codere tries to emphasize "the more amiable features the potlatch such as the capacity for sociability and cooperativeness, rather than the aggressive and competitiveness", which was the dominant view of the time, and it was also seen as a wasteful and unproductive to civilized values. In "Fighting with Property", she carries out an historical examination of materials on the Kwakiutl people from 1792–1930, however, Boas' work formed the basis of her work. She documented that there was a "major shift that took place was the distribution of property and vigor of potlatches for social prestige and the co-existent decrease and final extinction of warfare and physical violence" which the Kwakiutl define as "fighting with property" rather than with weapons. She says that this change can have profound implications not only for an understanding of the Kwakiutl people but also "for knowledge of human potentialities for change away from destructiveness, at a point in the history of the world when such a change is necessary".
Her work on the Kwakiutl was not only important for understanding that culture but also because "first, it was one of the pioneering efforts of what later came to be known as historical anthropology. Second, while the majority of anthropologists of the time were doing synchronic studies of societies, Codere's work focused on culture change".
Rwanda.
After her work with the Kwakiutl, she expanded her work to the Tutsi and Hutu of Rwanda in 1959, during a time of revolution. "The general purpose of the Rwanda field research," she wrote, "was to study change." While in Rwanda, she was challenged to communicate in two languages – Kinyarwanda and French. She collected forty-eight autobiographies of Rwandan men and women: Tutsi, Hutu, and Twa of different ages, education levels, economic statuses and occupations, and along with other research that had been done, she studied the social change, focusing more on the problems and social tensions, rather than the functional theory of society. She viewed society has a "complex adaptive system" which was essentially a "bundle of relations". The autobiographies that she took showed the complexities of the caste system and also showed details of intercaste relationships, and the ways these were changing. Her studies about Rwandan social structure were carried out when that very social structure entered a period of rapid transformation.

</doc>
<doc id="9652756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652756" title="1991 430 km of Silverstone">
1991 430 km of Silverstone

The 1991 430 km of Silverstone was the third round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Silverstone Circuit, United Kingdom. It took place on May 19, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9652762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652762" title="Maple Hill, North Carolina">
Maple Hill, North Carolina

Maple Hill is a sparse grouping of houses in Pender County, North Carolina, U.S.A.
Geography.
Maple Hill is at . Its elevation is 33 feet.
Postal information.
Maple Hill, North Carolina, United States Postal Service ZIP Code is 28454.

</doc>
<doc id="9652765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652765" title="West Indian cricket team in England in 1980">
West Indian cricket team in England in 1980

The West Indian cricket team toured England in 1980, spending virtually the whole of the 1980 English cricket season in England. West Indies also played two matches in Ireland and two in Scotland. 
The highlights of the tour were a two-match One Day International series for the 1980 Prudential Trophy and a five-Test series for the Wisden Trophy, both against the English cricket team. West Indies were captained by Clive Lloyd, and England by Ian Botham. The ODI series was tied 1-1, and the Test series was ruined by rain. West Indies won the First Test, but the following four were all drawn due to weather interruptions, so West Indies won the series 1-0.
West Indies also played numerous matches against the first-class counties and other minor teams, winning many of them. West Indies were only beaten twice on the tour, by Essex in a 50-over warm-up match, and by England in the Second ODI, both at the end of May. Thereafter, they were unbeaten until the tour ended in August.
Touring party:
Gordon Greenidge
Desmond Haynes
Faoud Bacchus
Viv Richards (vice captain)
Clive Lloyd (captain)
Derick Parry
Alvin Kallicharan
Lawrence Rowe
Collis King
Deryck Murray
David Murray
Andy Roberts
Michael Holding
Joel Garner
Malcolm Marshall
Colin Croft
When Lawrence Rowe dropped out of the tour through injury, Larry Gomes was invited to replace him but declined as he hadn't played for two months. Timur Mohammad, who was at the time playing for Suffolk joined the touring party instead.<http://test-cricket-tours.co.uk/page_1662021.html>
Warm-up matches.
The tour began with the traditional fixture against Lavinia, Duchess of Norfolk's XI at Arundel Castle on 8 May 1980. West Indies won the 45-over match by 121 runs.[http://www.cricketarchive.co.uk/Archive/Scorecards/106/106051.html]
West Indies spent most of the rest of May warming up for the matches against England. West Indies played 3-day matches against Worcestershire, Leicestershire and Northamptonshire, then two 50-over matches against Middlesex and two 50-over matches against Essex, and finally a 3-day match against Derbyshire. Except for the first one-day match against Middlesex on 20 May (which was rained off) and the first one-day match against Essex (won by Essex, the first loss by West Indies on the tour), all of these matches were won by West Indies.
One-day Internationals.
The First ODI was held at Headingley on 28 May. England won the toss and put West Indies in to bat first. They reached 198 all out, with 78 from Gordon Greenidge. Joel Garner was run out off the last ball having scored 14. Play was interrupted by the weather, with England on 35/3 overnight, and resumed the next day, 29 May. Despite England's number 3, Chris Tavaré, reaching 82 not out, West Indies bowled England out for 174 off 51.2 overs to win by 24 runs.[http://www.cricketarchive.co.uk/Archive/Scorecards/40/40162.html]
The Second ODI was played the following day, 30 May, at Lord's, with Viv Richards standing in as captain for Clive Lloyd. Again, England won the toss and put West Indies in to bat. They reached 235 for 9 off their 55 overs, led by a 50 from Desmond Haynes. Thanks to a century opening stand by Peter Willey (56) and Geoffrey Boycott (70), and 42 not out from Ian Botham, England reached their target off the third ball of the final over to win by 3 wickets.[http://www.cricketarchive.co.uk/Archive/Scorecards/40/40169.html] 
West Indies then played and won a 3-day match against Kent.
Test matches.
First Test.
The First Test was played at Trent Bridge from 5 June. England won the toss and batted. Honours were fairly even between the West Indies pace bowling attack (Andy Roberts, Joel Garner, Michael Holding and Malcolm Marshall) and England's pace attack (Bob Willis, who took 9 wickets, supported by John Lever and Ian Botham) and the batsmen. West Indies were well placed at 109/2 at the end of the 4th day, chasing a target of 208 to win, and won by 2 wickets on the final day.
The tour continued with 3-day matches against a combined Oxford University and Cambridge University team, won by West Indies, and a draw against Sussex.
Second Test.
The Second Test was played at Lord's from 19 June. England again won the toss and batted. Graham Gooch reached 123, but had little support, with Holding and Garner in the wickets. West Indies replied with a mammoth 518, including a stand of 223 for the second wicket between Haynes (184) and Viv Richards (145). Weather interruptions left West Indies with insufficient time to bowl England out a second time, and the match ended in a draw with England on 133-2 in their second innings.
West Indies then played two matches against Ireland at Clontarf in Dublin on 25 June and 26 June, both affected by the weather. The first was drawn, and West Indies won the second on a faster run rate, with Faoud Bacchus reaching 163.[http://www.cricketarchive.co.uk/Archive/Scorecards/40/40309.html] West Indies then played a drawn 3-day match and won a 40-over match against Glamorgan, and won and drew 3-day matches against Gloucestershire and Somerset, respectively.
Third Test.
The Third Test began on 10 July at Old Trafford. West Indies won the toss and put England in to bat, a good decision, as it turned out: England were bowled out for 150 on the first day. West Indies batted through the second day, and the third day was rained off, but they eventually were all out for 260 in reply, with a century by captain Clive Lloyd. England batted through most of the last two days, reaching 391-7 to draw the match.
Little play was possible on the first day of a 2-day match against Scotland at Forthill in Dundee on 17 July; the match was abandoned on the second day, and West Indies won the replacement 50-over match. West Indies then beat Yorkshire over 3 days.
Fourth Test.
The Fourth Test was played at The Oval from 24 July 1980. England won the toss and batted, reaching 370, with contributions through the batting order. Gooch top-scored on 83; Boycott (53) and Brian Rose (50) also reached half-centuries, and Mike Gatting just missed out on 48. Extras was second-highest scorer, on 57 - this was the second time that West Indies conceded over 50 extras in the Test series, having given 52 away in England's second innings in the First Test. No play was possible on the third day, and West Indies eventually conceded their first first-innings deficit of the Test series, all out for 265 (with captain Clive Lloyd absent hurt), and England were in trouble, at 18-4 just before the close on the fourth day, but batted through the final day to reach 209-9 declared, with England number 8 Peter Willey reaching 100 not out in an unbroken stand of 117 for the final wicket with Bob Willis (24*), and the match was drawn.
West Indies then drew a 2-day match against Minor Counties and a 3-day match against Warwickshire.
Fifth Test.
The Fifth and final Test was played at Headingley from 7 August. West Indies won the toss and decided to field. Again, the weather intervened. No play was possible on the first day. England were bowled out for 143 on the second day, with only two batsmen scoring more than 14 runs - captain Ian Botham (37) and wicketkeeper David Bairstow (40), who had replaced the regular keeper in the first fourth Tests, Alan Knott. West Indies reached 245 in reply, but the 4th day was also lost, and England reached 227-6 declared on the final day, with the series petering out with a fourth consecutive draw.
The West Indian team finished its tour with a third match against Essex, at Stamford Bridge on 14 August.

</doc>
<doc id="9652769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652769" title="Penn Foster High School">
Penn Foster High School

Penn Foster High School is a U.S. for-profit distance education private high school. The school was founded in 1890, and was known as "International Correspondence Schools", or "ICS". The school is regionally and nationally accredited. It is headquartered in Scranton, Pennsylvania. It offers a complete high school diploma program in which students can study online, in print, or in combination.
In December 2009, Penn Foster High School was purchased by test preparation and educational support company The Princeton Review from its previous owner, the Wicks Group, a private equity firm that had bought the high school from Thomson Corporation in 2007.
Accreditation.
Penn Foster High School is regionally accredited by the Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools and nationally accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC). Penn Foster Career School (Penn Foster High School's parent school) is licensed by the Pennsylvania State Board of Private Licensed Schools. The school is registered with the NCAA Initial-Eligibility Clearing House.
History.
In 1890, a newspaper editor named Thomas J. Foster founded the school to provide coal miners with the education they needed to advance in their careers and increase worker safety. At the turn of the century, the school was officially known as the International Correspondence Schools (ICS), and one out of every 27 adults in the US had taken an ICS course. In December 2009, Penn Foster college was purchased by test preparation and educational support company The Princeton Review from its previous owner, the Wicks Group, a private equity firm that had bought the high school from Thomson Corporation in 2007.
Academics.
Penn Foster High School allows students to earn their high school degree, regardless of how much high school they may have already completed. All students take a core curriculum of classes, as well as five elective courses. Students may use these elective courses to focus on specific industries, such as Health-Care, Information Technology, and Building Technology, or may take approved college level courses. Successful graduates gain access to the Penn Foster Career Services, which helps students find a job through resume and cover letter preparation, job search assistance, and interview tips. Career Services also helps students search for and gain admission to postsecondary institutions across the country. All Penn Foster programs are non-synchronous, meaning they can be started at any time.

</doc>
<doc id="9652777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652777" title="Semmes">
Semmes

Semmes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9652781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652781" title="Pork tenderloin sandwich">
Pork tenderloin sandwich

The pork tenderloin sandwich contains a breaded and fried cutlet similar to the Wiener Schnitzel and is popular in the Midwest region of the United States, most especially in the State of Indiana. The sandwich can first be traced back to the Nick's Kitchen restaurant in Huntington, Indiana (near Fort Wayne). 
Sandwich description.
The primary differences between a Pork Tenderloin sandwich and a Wiener Schnitzel is that the Pork Tenderloin sandwich is made exclusively using pork loin and it is deep fried instead of pan fried. The Pork Tenderloin sandwich is also usually served on a bun. There is a grilled variant of the Pork Tenderloin that omits the breading and grills the tenderloin instead of deep frying it.
A Pork Tenderloin sandwich is traditionally prepared from a thinly sliced piece of pork tenderloin, hammered thin with a meat mallet. The meat is then dipped in flour, eggs and breadcrumbs or crushed saltine crackers before being deep fried in oil. After cooking, the prepared Pork Tenderloin is then served on a hamburger bun. The sandwich can be served with condiments such as mustard, lettuce, onions, pickles, and mayonnaise.
The sandwich is usually served with a side of french fries, though onion rings are often provided instead.
Indiana and Iowa both vie for the reputation of "Best Tenderloin" (albeit, unofficially).
The Pork Tenderloin Sandwich was the subject of a 1998 documentary film, In Search of the Famous Hoosier Breaded Tenderloin. In the documentary, the two filmmakers search throughout Indiana in search of the perfect Pork Tenderloin sandwich.
Variants.
Grilled.
The primary variant of the prepared pork tenderloin is a grilled prepared pork tenderloin. This is a healthier variation as the pork is grilled instead of fried. The meat is seasoned or marinated and then placed on a grill. After cooking, the meat is placed on a hamburger bun and topped with condiments.
Jackson County veal.
A Jackson County veal is a type of sandwich served primarily in Jackson County, Ohio. Unlike a standard veal, which is made from the meat of young cows, a Jackson County veal is a large piece of pork. The meat is battered, dipped in cracker meal and then deep fried and served on a bun, typically with pickles. The size of the sandwich varies depending on the preparer, but is always noticeably larger than a standard hamburger or chicken sandwich and is meant to hang over the bun. It is also known as a tenderloin in the Midwest (Indiana, Iowa, Illinois and Missouri) due to the pork tenderloin being its main ingredient. 

</doc>
<doc id="9652801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652801" title="Edward Teshmaker Busk">
Edward Teshmaker Busk

Lieutenant Edward Teshmaker Busk, London Electrical Engineers. RE(T) (8 March 1886 – 5 November 1914) was an English pioneer of early aircraft design, and the designer of the first full-sized efficient inherently stable aeroplane.
He was the son of Thomas Teshmaker Busk (1852–1894) and Mary Busk née Acworth (1854–1935), of Hermongers, Rudgwick, Sussex. After attaining First Class Honours in Mechanical Sciences at Cambridge in June 1912 he became Assistant Engineer at the newly formed Royal Aircraft Factory, Farnborough, later the Royal Aircraft Establishment. Here he devoted much of his time to the mathematics and dynamics of stable flight.
In the early years of powered flight inherent stability in an aircraft was a most important quality. Busk took his theories into the air and tried them out in practice. In 1913 this work was used in the R.E.1 (Reconnaissance Experimental), claimed as the first inherently stable aeroplane, and resulted in the development of the B.E.2c.
The remarkable feature of this design was that there was no single device that was the cause of the stability. The stability resulted from detailed design of each part of the aircraft, with due regard to its relation to, and effect on, other parts in the air. Weights and areas were so arranged that under most conditions the machine would tend to right itself.
Busk was killed on 5 November 1914 while flying a B.E.2 which caught fire at Laffans Plain (now Farnborough Airfield), near Aldershot. He was buried at Aldershot Military Cemetery with full military honours.
His genius and his courage were recognised by the posthumous award of the Gold Medal of the Aeronautical Society of Great Britain, and amongst the many letters of condolence received by his mother was one from King George V.
His youngest brother, Hans Acworth Busk (b. 1894), was reported missing on 6 January 1916, last seen flying a heavy bombing aeroplane against the Turks at Gallipoli. They were both survived by their mother (author of "E.T. Busk, a pioneer in flight"), by sister Mary Agnes Dorothea Morse (1888–1960) and by brother Henry Gould Busk (1890–1956).

</doc>
<doc id="9652856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652856" title="Paul Hawkins (musician)">
Paul Hawkins (musician)

Paul Hawkins is a London-based author and singer-songwriter who grew up near Bristol and has been a key figure in London's antifolk scene. He regularly records in collaboration with Death in Vegas and Dot Allison guitarist Ian Button (also formerly of the Thrashing Doves) and a 6-piece band under the name of Paul Hawkins & The Awkward Silences.
His debut album "The Misdiagnosis of Paul Hawkins" was released on AFUK Records in 2006 (and was reissued as a digital download by free net label Fleeing from Pigeons in April 2009). He first received UK national airplay on Radio 1 with his songs "I'll Be Getting a Divorce for Christmas" and his singles and tracks from the 2008 Jezus Factory Records album "We Are Not Other People" have also received Radio 1 and BBC 6 Music airplay. In October 2008 the band's first Radio 1 session was broadcast. The band have appeared on compilations for Cherryade Records, Jezus Factory Records, Audio Antihero and AFUK Records.
They kicked off 2012 with Resonance FM's first live session of the year, debuting three new songs. 
In 2013, Hawkins' first book "Bad Santas and Other Creepy Christmas Characters" was published by Simon & Schuster UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9652960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9652960" title="Auburn Pridemore">
Auburn Pridemore

Auburn Lorenzo Pridemore (June 27, 1837 – May 17, 1900) was a nineteenth-century politician and lawyer from Virginia.
Biography.
Born in Scott County, Virginia, Pridemore received a limited education as a child and completed preparatory studies. During the Civil War, he raised a company of volunteer infantry for the Confederate Army and served as its captain until June, 1862 when promoted to major and later lieutenant colonel Infantry and colonel of Cavalry. He commanded the 64th Virginia Cavalry until the end of the war and afterwards was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1865, but Reconstruction prevented him from taking seat. Pridemore studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1867, commencing practice in Jonesville, Virginia. He was member of the Virginia Senate from 1871 to 1875 and was elected a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1876, serving from 1877 to 1879. Afterwards, Pridemore continued practising law in Jonesville until his death there. He was interred in Hill Cemetery in Jonesville.

</doc>
<doc id="9653011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653011" title="TriCities.com">
TriCities.com

TriCities.com is an online source for news and information in the Tri-Cities (Johnson City, TN; Kingsport, TN; Bristol, TN-VA) area of northeast Tennessee and southwest Virginia. The website debuted in June 2003, and unified two previous news websites for the region, wjhl.com and BristolNews.com.
In 2010, the Bristol Herald Courier working with TriCities.com won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, the highest honor in American journalism, for "illuminating the murky mismanagement of natural-gas royalties owed to thousands of land owners in southwest Virginia, spurring remedial action by state lawmakers."
Location.
TriCities.com operations are based out of the WJHL-TV News Channel 11 building located at 338 East Main Street in Johnson City, TN. TriCities.com also has an office based out of the Bristol Herald Courier building located at 320 Bob Morrison Blvd in Bristol, VA.
Staff.
TriCities.com is maintained by a staff of full-time employees as well as a host of other contributors from the Bristol Herald Courier and News Channel 11 (WJHL-TV).
Management.
Director of Digital Media
Content.
Content Coordinator
Sales.
Sales and Marketing Assistant
Awards.
2008 Southern Newspaper Publishers Association - Best Web Site, Honorable Mention
2007 NAA ACME Awards - Online sports news coverage
2005 Regional Addy Award 
2004 Best Website Design, Tennessee Press Association

</doc>
<doc id="9653014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653014" title="HolbyBlue">
HolbyBlue

HolbyBlue is a British police drama series that aired on BBC One from 2007 to 2008. Produced by the BBC, Red Planet Pictures and Kudos for BBC One, it is a spin-off of the successful BBC One medical drama "Holby City", itself a spin-off of the long-running series "Casualty". All three programmes are set in the fictional city of Holby. "HolbyBlue" follows the professional and personal lives of police staff at Holby South police station. The first series of eight episodes was broadcast between May 8 and June 26, 2007. Broadcast of the first episode was postponed by a week. A second series of twelve episodes was broadcast between March 20 and June 5, 2008. The second series began with a "Holby City" crossover episode. The second series introduced three new characters into the series. The first series aired on Tuesday nights at 8 pm, in the regular "Holby City" timeslot. "Holby City" was moved to Thursdays for the duration of "HolbyBlue" run. The show moved to Thursday nights for the second season. The BBC announced in August 2008 that due to poor ratings, they had dropped the show and it would not be returning for a third series.
Production.
Actors spent some time shadowing uniform and detective officers at Surrey Police's Woking station, and following an in depth visit to the station's custody centre, it is rumoured that the Holby police station cell block is based on the real thing at Woking. The filming for the first series began in the last week of January 2007, at an old MOD site near Longcross. It is also based at Brunel University, West London, where the external shots of the police station were filmed. Scenes were also filmed in Egham, Surrey. Shooting was also in Woking, Surrey, during the winter in the town centre.
The first series was broadcast on Tuesday nights at 8 p.m., in the regular timeslot of "Holby City", which was moved to a Thursday timeslot for the duration of "HolbyBlue"'s run. A second series of 12 episodes was commissioned in June 2007 for transmission in 2008, with filming running until March 2008. The first episode is due to feature a crossover with the characters of "Holby City", as the characters from that show are interviewed by the "HolbyBlue" police officers following a "major incident". 
The BBC's Controller of Continuing Drama Series, John Yorke, has said of the crossover: "Loads of questions are asked in the "Holby City" episode that are answered in the "HolbyBlue" episode. That is exciting. It is something the Americans have done for years with shows like CSI and I really like it. You really believe it’s a world." The crossover episodes will be co-written by "Holby City" creator Tony McHale, and "HolbyBlue" creator Tony Jordan.
Series 1 had a regular villain, drugs baron Neculai Stenga, who died at the end of the series. Series 2 had a few long-running crime storylines: Episode 1 featured Jac Naylor from Holby City, who had been arrested for murder, although it turned out she was innocent. Three episodes were spent investigating the case of Sean Burrows, a youth worker who had beaten his wife and son. The most major villain was John's father, who John visited in prison and later appeared at the end of the series suspected of abusing prostitutes.
Reception.
The show has come under fire from the public since the first episode, as it contained swearing and sex scenes before the 9pm watershed. The BBC received many complaints from viewers and the show was featured on BBC One's "Points of View" almost immediately after the programme's debut. The show is very different from its parents, "Holby City" and "Casualty", in that it aims to "push the boundaries" in pre-watershed television, according to creator and writer Tony Jordan. The second series was toned down briefly, but there were still elements of upsetting and distressing scenes in the programme.
It was also criticised heavily by Private Eye and others for being another TV drama based in Holby.

</doc>
<doc id="9653022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653022" title="Count Your Blessings">
Count Your Blessings

Count Your Blessings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9653029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653029" title="J. R. Worsley">
J. R. Worsley

J. R. Worsley (14 September 1923 – 2 June 2003) is credited with bringing five element acupuncture, also known as 'classical acupuncture' or 'traditional acupuncture' (to distinguish it from the more widely known Traditional Chinese medicine ("TCM") style of acupuncture), to the West. For many years he resided in the UK, where he opened the College of Traditional Chinese Acupuncture, which trained many of the leading five element practitioners practising today, including Dianne Connelly and Bob Duggan, who founded the Tai Sophia Institute (formerly The Traditional Acupuncture Institute) in Laurel, Maryland, USA. Tai Sophia has gained University status and is now named the Maryland University of Integrative Health. 
Worsley was also responsible for starting the Academy for Five Element Acupuncture ("AFEA") in Gainesville, Florida, USA, and had ties to the acupuncture training school in Boulder, Colorado, USA. Today, his wife, Judy Becker Worsley, carries on the five element acupuncture tradition, training and certifying practitioners in schools she endorses. J. R. Worsley's influence was widely cited by others within the five element tradition, including Peter Eckman, author of "In the Footsteps of the Yellow Emperor."

</doc>
<doc id="9653039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653039" title="Sebastian Jude">
Sebastian Jude

Sebastian Jude is an American actor, most famously known for his recurring role in the "Lizzie McGuire" Show.
He was born on March 16, 1990 in East Los Angeles, California to Ericka Jude and Zion Jude. Sebastian is of Jewish and Guatemalan decent. Sebastian keeps to himself, he decided to finish school before he continued with his career. He continues to pay his Screen Actors Guild dues and makes his own independent films. He has written a couple of cabaret shows, managed a stage, as well as directed a few plays (including an original play) at his community college. He graduated UCLA as an undergraduate philosophy major (Class of 2009). He has future aspirations to get his doctorate in philosophy as well as star and direct films. He has one younger sister. He is also attending Le Cordon Bleu, Los Angeles.:)
He is also a brother of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity.
Sebastian Jude also coined the word: flavorgasm. He cooks and has cooked since he was 6 years old. The food that he and his father makes he claims to be flavorgasmic.

</doc>
<doc id="9653049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653049" title="Gilmer Hernandez">
Gilmer Hernandez

Guillermo F. Hernández, better known as Gilmer Hernandez, is a former Sheriff’s Deputy of Edwards County, Texas from Rocksprings, Texas who was convicted on a charge of violation of civil rights of an illegal alien.
Border incident and prosecution.
On April 14, 2005, Deputy Hernandez stopped a vehicle for running a red light. After coming to a stop, the driver who had hidden several illegal aliens in his vehicle tried to flee, nearly hitting Hernandez in the process. Hernandez fired several shots at the vehicle, aiming for the tires. When the vehicle halted due to the blown tires, several people fled the vehicle. One of the bullets Hernandez fired injured a woman in the vehicle, shattering some of her teeth.
The initial investigation by the Texas Rangers and members of the ATF cleared Hernandez of any wrongdoing. However, over a year later, the United States Department of Justice reopened the case under U.S. Attorney Johnny Sutton. On December 1, 2006 Hernandez was convicted for violation of civil rights of the injured person on the grounds that he should not have shot at the fleeing vehicle since his life was not in danger. Defense contested that Hernandez did believe that his life was in danger. 
Hernandez was sentenced to a prison term of 12 months and one day.
Reaction.
The guilty verdict surprised the Rocksprings community and triggered many responses, most in opposition to the verdict.
Texas Congressman Ted Poe defended the deputy by stating that the “Federal Government is more concerned about people illegally invading America than it is about the men who protect America. Once again, our government is on the wrong side of the border war.” 
The case has been linked to those of convicted border guards Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean by dubbing them “The Texas Three”, all involved in Mexican border incidents with smuggling, illegal aliens, use of firearms, and prosecuted by Johnny Sutton . According to America's Most Wanted, action on part of the Mexican government demanding that the "crime" will not be unpunished may have pressured the prosecution.
Release.
Hernandez was released from jail after serving 10 months of the 366-day sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="9653065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653065" title="Mountain Landis record label">
Mountain Landis record label

Mountain Landis Record Label is an independent label based in Oakland, CA and Brooklyn, NY. Mountain Landis gained notoriety in 2006 with the release of The Shot Heard 'Round the World's "Ten Songs for Town & Country" CD, and The New Thrill Parade's 12" EP. In 2008, they released the first album by Gateway Evening Colours, a Brooklyn group that includes Colin Langenus, Alex Farrill, and Brian House.

</doc>
<doc id="9653079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653079" title="Hollywood Reservoir">
Hollywood Reservoir

Hollywood Reservoir, also known as Lake Hollywood, is a reservoir located in the Santa Monica Mountains in the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. It is maintained by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. The reservoir and surrounding neighborhood are overlooked by the Hollywood Sign.
The reservoir is created by the Mulholland Dam, built in 1924, designed by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, then named the Bureau of Water Works and Supply, as part of the city's water storage and supply system.
The lake has a capacity of 7900 acre-ft, which is and a maximum water depth of . After completion the reservoir level varied, though for most of the time it was kept a high level and was filled on several occasions. Within days after the collapse of the St. Francis Dam in March 1928, William Mulholland ordered the Hollywood Reservoir lowered due, in part, to public fears of a repeat disaster. Shortly after the disaster and in the years following, several engineering panels met to discuss the safety of the dam. These panels of engineers, from both the state and the LADWP came to differing conclusions. In 1931, the LADWP made the decision to permanently keep the Hollywood Reservoir lowered, and keep it to no more than 4,000 acre·ft (4,900,000 m3), the reservoir now is usually maintained at about 2,800 acre·ft (3,500,000 m3).
The surrounding recreational area is known as the Lake Hollywood Park, and is open for walking, hiking, and jogging.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9653090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653090" title="The Association of Former Students">
The Association of Former Students

The Association of Former Students is the official alumni association of Texas A&M University and operates as a 501 (c)(3) organization. The Association recognizes over 640,000 people as part of the Aggie Network and oversees 244 clubs worldwide. Known to Aggies as simply The Association, the group is dedicated to promoting the interests and welfare of Texas A&M University, perpetuating ties of affection and esteem that students formed during their college days, and serving the current student body.
The Association facilitates numerous programs aimed at connecting the worldwide Texas A&M community, such as Class Reunions, A&M Clubs, the Aggie Ring program, the publication of the "Texas Aggie" magazine, and 'Find an Aggie' database that is housed on The Association's website, AggieNetwork.com.
History.
The Association was established on June 26, 1879, when 11 former cadets hosted a reception in Houston initiating the first formal organization of A&M former students. In 1888, the Ex-Cadets Association was reorganized to form the Alumni Association. In the mid-1890s, E.P. Cushing founded Alpha Phi to "work for the upbuilding of the college." Cushing chose to contact all 3,000 former students of the college, rather than just the 300 students who had received degrees. As a result, the term "former student" is used in lieu of "alumnus" or "ex-Aggie" (keeping with tradition that "once an Aggie, always an Aggie").
A coalition was formed between the A&M Alumni Association and Alpha Phi Fraternity in 1919 to form “The Association of Former Students.”
Lacking a permanent location on the A&M campus, the Alumni Association created a fundraising campaign to erect a YMCA-Alumni Memorial Building in 1910. Although this building was dedicated on February 15, 1915, the Y never was home to the Alumni Association. Instead, the Alumni Association forfeited the building to Texas A&M to provide space for the campus's growth. In 1987, The Association constructed its first free-standing building, the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center, and the long series of temporary locations ended.
From 1947 to 1964, Dick Hervey was the executive secretary of the association. Under his leadership, the first computerized database, the university archives, and the "Distinguished Alumnus Award", which Hervey himself received in 1988, were all established. Hervey was also the mayor of College Station from 1971 to 1974.
The Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center.
In 2008, the Alumni Center was enhanced to better utilize the facility as an exhibit of the “powerful story of Texas A&M and Texas Aggies”. The building was rededicated in the fall of 2009. 
The newly remodeled building houses six interactive exhibits: Traditions, Spirit, Muster, Memories, Legacy and Network. Each exhibit allows the visitor to experience different aspects of what it is like to be an Aggie.
The Huddleston Video Wall, located in Flores Hall of the Alumni Center, is composed of 49 46” plasma screens that creates a thrilling multimedia experience and is perfect for the former students’ football game-watching festivities. 
The Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center is open to the public Monday-Friday from 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. On Saturdays, the building is open from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. These hours may be extended due to events held at the Alumni Center or at Texas A&M University. 
In addition, the Alumni Center features a giant replica of the Aggie Ring, which is modeled after the 1946 Aggie Ring of Bill Haynes '46, who donated the funds to build it. The surrounding area around the Ring replica is called Haynes Ring Plaza. The replica ring is 12 feet tall (symbolizing the honored 12th Man tradition).
AggieNetwork.com.
The Association’s website, AggieNetwork.com, “connects Aggies with each other and with Texas A&M by providing engaging and inspiring content, essential transactional services and growing interactive capabilities.” AggieNetwork.com is also home to ‘Find an Aggie’ which allow Aggies all over the world to connect with other Aggies.
AggieNetwork.com includes the following services and capabilities: worldwide A&M Club and Class Agent listings and contact information; Aggie Baby Central; career resources and tools; Class and Club Pages with Classmate news, announcements and real-time Silver Taps; Contact information for The Association of Former Students; downloadable desktop wallpapers and audio clips of Aggie songs; Aggie events, news, calendars, and pictures; Free, lifetime Aggie-branded email address; news from and about Texas A&M and the Aggie Network; Muster information; online donation portal for The Association, online Aggie Ring portal, online directory of former students (‘Find an Aggie’); Support Our Troops news postings; The Association’s staff and leadership; Traveling Aggies schedule and trip information; web hosting for A&M Clubs, Classes, and Constituent Networks; and a window decal ordering portal.
Programs and services.
Through generous donations from former students and friends of the Aggie Network, The Association contributes more than $3 million in direct cash support every year to Texas A&M University. Those funds are, in turn, applied toward scholarships and fellowships, student recruitment and orientation, student success, faculty orientation and success, student affairs, various awards, and many other key initiatives. In 2012, The Association provided a total impact of $7.2 million to Texas A&M to be used for scholarships, awards, activities, and enrichment for students, faculty and staff, and former students. Half of the money was given back to Texas A&M in cash support to fund over 100 individual projects in impact areas that had been identified by the Texas A&M University president and provost. Additionally, academic colleges and administrative divisions received some funding. Each year, The Association's Board of Directors review the funding requests for approval.
The Association supports both current and former students through a variety of initiatives. To see a list of the programs that receive financial assistance from The Association, please see this website.
Entering freshmen are first exposed to The Association and its programs the week before school begins their freshmen year. During the university-wide "Gig 'em Week", The Association hosts "GatheRing", which includes a free cookout, a Yell Practice, and a chance to try on the Class's Aggie Ring on the grounds of the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center. Current Students are welcome to come to the Alumni Center during the week of end-of-the-semester finals to enjoy a Study Break hosted by The Association. Students make the official transition into former students at The Association's "Decal Drive Thru" and at "The Next Tradition". The "Decal Drive Thru" allows the soon-to-be graduate an opportunity to come to the Alumni Center and have a Texas A&M Former Student decal placed on their vehicle. "The Next Tradition" is a free party that celebrates graduation and welcomes graduates into the Aggie Network, and where Association members explain the services they offer to former students.
The Association offers many programs for Texas A&M alumni, including career services, Aggie football game day festivities, and the 'Traveling Aggies', a travel program that allows alumni to travel to various destinations around the world. The Association publishes Class Newsletters and sponsors Class Reunions and Constituent Network events. Most classes meet every five years, although a single reunion is held each year for the Sul Ross group, all classes which graduated 55 or more years ago. The Association assists in coordination with over 220 local A&M club chapters. The Association maintains a database of Aggie former students, which is accessible free-of-charge online after an account has been created. For much of its history, The Association received information on students after they graduated. This changed in the early 2000s, and now The Association tracks all students at the university, regardless of whether they graduated. Even students who died before graduation are included in the directory to allow classmates an opportunity to remember them by.
The Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center provides a welcoming and engaging environment to prospective students, current students, former students, and friends of the Aggie Network. The events that The Association sponsors, and often hosts, include: Aggie Ring Day, Association activities during Bowl Games, Board and Leadership Council meetings, Class Reunions, Coach’s Nights, Distinguished Alumni Gala, Endowed Century Club lunch, game day activities, Gig ’em Week GatheRing, Outstanding International Alumnus Award Dinner, Ring Remembrance ceremony, The Next Tradition, Drive Thru Decal, Aggie Greek Weekend, and Traveling Aggies Reunions.
All active donors of The Association of Former Students receive the "Texas Aggie" magazine, which is published 6 times per year. As of 2007, it has a circulation of 60,000 per year. The "Texas Aggie" provides an in-depth look at Texas A&M and the lives of those affiliated with it through feature stories, campus updates, and full-color photography.
In an effort to capture the history of Texas A&M, The Association has also videotaped numerous former students sharing their experiences with each other as well as with students. Additional recordings of oral histories are incorporated into the 2008 enhancements to the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center.
Awards.
Each year The Association recognizes various former students for their accomplishments since graduation. The highest award given each year is the Distinguished Alumnus Award. This recognition was first offered in 1962, and, as of 2012, 216 former students have received this prestigious award. The criteria for receiving the award includes "excellence in professional lives and service to A&M and their communities". Since 1955, The Association has awarded annual Distinguished Achievement Awards, both on the college and university levels, to faculty and staff of the Texas A&M University System. The college level award recognizes "outstanding faculty members for their talent and expertise, dedication to teaching and devotion to imparting their knowledge to students. The university level award recognizes "outstanding member of Texas A&M's faculty and staff for their commitment, performance and positive impact on Aggie students, Texas citizens and the world around them.
Beginning in 1973, The Association has recognized current students for academic achievement with the Gathright Award. Named for Texas A&M's first president, Thomas S. Gathright, the award recognizes sophomores, juniors, and seniors who have the highest grade point average in their college. Students are nominated for the award by the dean of their respective college. Recipients are recognized at the annual Parents' Weekend All-University Awards Ceremony.
The Association also gives the Buck Weirus Spirit Award to students who "display vision, character and superior dedication to Texas A&M." The award is given annually to up to 55 students. They must be highly involved in the Aggie community, and must "impact student life at Texas A&M and enhance the Aggie Spirit." This can be accomplished through participation in student organizations, Aggie traditions, and university events. The award is named for Richard "Buck" Weirus, a 1942 Texas A&M graduate who served as Executive Director of The Association from 1964 until 1980.
Lastly, The Association, along with Texas A&M's Office of the President, recognizes 20 outstanding A&M employees and outstanding team for their meritorious service to the university through the President's Meritorious Service Award.
Traditions.
The Association plays a large role in two of the most treasured traditions at Texas A&M: the dispersal of the Aggie Ring, and the annual Aggie Muster.
Muster.
The Association of Former Students also sponsors the annual Aggie Muster. The first Muster was held on June 26, 1883, seven years after the school opened, to allow former students to gather and remember their college days. During the day, the alumni also established the “Roll Call for the Absent” to honor their classmates who could not attend. In 1889, the gathering was moved to April 21 and became an official school holiday, set aside for the annual cadet track and field competition. Since then, the event has matured into a memorial service for current and former students who have passed away during the preceding year. The on-campus Muster at Reed Arena, attracts over 14,000 people, and more than 300 smaller Musters are held worldwide, including several in Iraq. The "Roll Call" of the dead is still read, and a family member or friend of the deceased answers "here."
Aggie Ring.
Three times yearly, The Association allows current and former students to order Aggie Rings, one of Texas A&M's most well-known and easily recognized symbols. Students earn the Aggie Ring based on credit hours completed at Texas A&M. Students receive their Aggie Ring on Aggie Ring Day, which is held at the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center.
The parents of Aggie students who pass away prior to accumulating the required academic hours receive a Ring Remembrance from The Association. This is an actual Aggie Ring Crest mounted to a golden medallion that is used to commemorate the Aggie student. The ceremony to award the Ring Remembrance is held annually at the Clayton W. Williams, Jr. Alumni Center prior to the on-campus Muster on April 21.
The Association maintains three Aggie Ring collections. The first collection contains Rings awarded to graduates of the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas, as Texas A&M was previously known. Begun by J. B. "Josh" Sterns, this collection contains Rings from 1899 until 1964, when the name of the school was officially changed. The second collection, the Memorial Ring Collection, contains Rings representing graduating classes beginning with the class of 1965. The Rings in the Memorial Ring Collection are donated by the families of deceased students. The final collection contains historically significant Rings, including that of James Earl Rudder, Texas A&M's president from 1959 until 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="9653148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653148" title="Geography of Milwaukee">
Geography of Milwaukee

Milwaukee lies along the shores and bluffs of Lake Michigan at the confluence of three rivers: the Menomonee, the Kinnickinnic and the Milwaukee. Smaller rivers, such as the Root River and Lincoln Creek also run throughout the city. Because Lake Michigan is too large to see across, Milwaukee's waterfront resembles an ocean rather than an inland lake.
Milwaukee's terrain is relatively flat, except for steep bluffs along the lakeshore that begin about one half mile north and four miles (6 km) south of the downtown.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . of it is land and 2.2 km² (0.9 mi²) of it is water. The total area is 0.88% water.
Cityscape.
The city runs largely on the grid system, although in the far northwest and southwest corners of the city, the grid pattern gives way to a more suburban-style streetscape. North-south streets are numbered, and east-west streets are named. However north-south streets east of 1st street are named, like east-west streets. The north-south numbering line is along the Menomonee River (east of Hawley Road) and Fairview Avenue/Golfview Parkway (west of Hawley Road), with the east-west numbering line defined along 1st Street (north of Oklahoma Avenue) and Chase/Howell Avenue (south of Oklahoma Avenue). This numbering system is also used to the north by Mequon in Ozaukee County, and by some Waukesha County communities.
It is crossed by Interstate 43 and Interstate 94, which come together downtown at the Marquette Interchange, which underwent an extensive construction project completed in 2008 at a cost of around $810 million. The Interstate 894 bypass runs through portions of the city's southwest side, and Interstate 794 comes out of the Marquette interchange eastbound, bends south along the lakefront and crosses the harbor over the Hoan Bridge, then ends near the Bay View neighborhood and becomes the Lake Parkway.

</doc>
<doc id="9653151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653151" title="Quinuclidine">
Quinuclidine

Quinuclidine is an organic compound and a bicyclic amine and used as a catalyst and a chemical building block. It is a strong base with pKa of the conjugate acid of 11.0. This is due to greater availability of the nitrogen lone pair . It can be prepared by reduction of quinuclidone.
The compound is structurally related to DABCO in which the other bridgehead is also nitrogen and tropane with a slightly different carbon frame.
Quinuclidine is found as a structural component of some biomolecules including quinine. 

</doc>
<doc id="9653165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653165" title="Abuta amara">
Abuta amara

Abuta amara is a species in the Menispermaceae family. 

</doc>
<doc id="9653172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653172" title="Three Wise Men (cocktail)">
Three Wise Men (cocktail)

The name of the Three Wise Men cocktail is derived from the recipe, which blends three types of whiskey together. Each brand usually included is named for its maker (the "wise men" of the title).

</doc>
<doc id="9653184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653184" title="Bogusław Radoszewski">
Bogusław Radoszewski

Bogusław Radoszewski (c. 1577–1638) of Oksza coat of arms was a Polish noble and Roman Catholic priest. Born around 1577 at Siemikowice, he became the abbot of Order of Saint Benedict monastery Święty Krzyż on Łysa Góra, he was the Bishop of Kijów "(Kiev)" from 1619 to February 1633, and afterwards Bishop of Łuck "(Lutsk)". Died in 1638.
In Modliborzyce, he sponsored the construction of hospital. Granted city rights to Wierzbnik.

</doc>
<doc id="9653188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653188" title="Myles Burnyeat">
Myles Burnyeat

Myles Fredric Burnyeat CBE FBA (born 1 January 1939) is an English scholar of ancient philosophy.
Life.
Educated at Bryanston School and King’s College, Cambridge, Burnyeat was a student of Bernard Williams at University College London.
He became an assistant lecturer in philosophy at University College London in 1964, and a lecturer in 1965. In 1978, he was appointed a lecturer in classics at the University of Cambridge, and became a fellow of the new Robinson College, Cambridge, where he remained until 1996.
In 1984, he was elected a Fellow of the British Academy and appointed as the fifth Laurence Professor of Ancient Philosophy at Cambridge, a position he held until 1996.
From 1996, he was Senior Research Fellow in Philosophy at All Souls College, Oxford, before returning in 2006 to Robinson College.
He was president of the Aristotelian Society from 2005 to 2006.
In 2007, he was made CBE and a Festschrift in his honour ("Maieusis: Essays in Ancient Philosophy in Honour of Myles Burnyeat") was published.
From 1984 to 2000 he was married to the classicist and poet Ruth Padel. From winter 2002 until her death in spring 2003 he was married to the scholar of ancient philosophy Heda Segvic, whose essays he prepared for publication.

</doc>
<doc id="9653215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653215" title="I Can't Begin to Tell You">
I Can't Begin to Tell You

"I Can't Begin to Tell You" is a popular song with music written by James V. Monaco and lyrics by Mack Gordon. The song was published in 1945.
The song was introduced by John Payne and reprised by Betty Grable in the film "The Dolly Sisters." A version by Bing Crosby was the best-known recording, reaching its peak of popularity in 1945.
The recording by Bing Crosby (with Carmen Cavallaro's orchestra) was released by Decca Records as catalog number 23457. It first reached the "Billboard" Best Seller chart on November 15, 1945, and lasted 17 weeks on the chart, peaking at #1. 
The recording by Andy Russell was released by Capitol Records as catalog number 221. It first reached the "Billboard" Best Seller chart on December 27, 1945, and lasted 2 weeks on the chart, peaking at #8. 
The recording by the Harry James orchestra, with Grable singing vocals, was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 36867. It first reached the "Billboard" Best Seller chart on December 27, 1945, and lasted 3 weeks on the chart, peaking at #9. The flip side, "Waitin' for the Train to Come In," also charted, reaching #10 in its only week on the chart.
Willie Nelson recorded a country genre version of the song on his all-covers album, "Love Songs", in September 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9653245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653245" title="Si Mahosot District">
Si Mahosot District

Si Mahosot () is a district ("Amphoe") of Prachinburi Province, eastern Thailand. It may also be spelled Sri Mahosot.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Ban Sang, Mueang Prachinburi and Si Maha Phot of Prachinburi Province and Phanom Sarakham of Chachoengsao Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") Khok Pip was established on February 15, 1970, when the three "tambon" Khok Pip, Khu Lam Phan and Phai Cha Lueat were split off from Si Maha Phot district. It was upgraded to a full district on April 13, 1977, and renamed to Si Mahosot on June 3, 1993.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 24 villages ("muban"). Khok Pip is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Khok Pip. There are further 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9653254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653254" title="List of Rose Bowl broadcasters">
List of Rose Bowl broadcasters

Television.
The Rose Bowl Game has been a part of college football on television since January 1, 1948. The 1948 Rose Bowl was telecast in Los Angeles on KTLA. The 1952 Rose Bowl, on NBC, was the first national telecast of a college football game. The network broadcast both the Tournament of Roses Parade and the following game. Television network, play-by-play and color commentator(s) for the Rose Bowl from 1952 to the present.
After the 2009-10 season, ESPN will have the contract to broadcast the BCS games, including the Rose Bowl game.
Spanish.
In 2013, ESPN Deportes will provide the first Spanish U.S. telecast of the Rose Bowl Game.

</doc>
<doc id="9653268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653268" title="Stuff Like That There">
Stuff Like That There

Music by Jay Livingston, lyrics by Ray Evans. Originally recorded in December 1944 by Betty Hutton.
The track was recorded by Bette Midler for the motion picture "For the Boys". It was covered by Kelly Clarkson on Big Band night, "American Idol" season 1, as well as by Seohyun of South Korean girl group Girls' Generation during their first Japanese Tour and second Asia tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9653271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653271" title="Space Mandino">
Space Mandino

“Space” Mandino is an American singer-songwriter from Chicago, Illinois, known for his overtone singing, five-string banjo and harmonium. His music is experimental and contains folk, rockabilly, and bluegrass elements. The lyrics are those of old horror movies and mishapen folklore, with song titles that include "Jesse James meets Frankenstein's Daughter", "Satan in a Jesus Suit", and "Ballad of the Space Zombies". His instrumentation ranges from guitar to appalachian dulcimer to washtub bass. The overtone singing style is called Sygyt and is a form of Tuvan Khoomei.
Under the label Ear Cabbage Records, Mandino released his solo album "Robots from the Graveyard" in 2003 under the name "Space Mandino".
His follow-up "Experimental Experimentation (with bio-mechanical laboratory scraps)" was released in 2007.
The singing of Joy Dumas is featured on songs "Intergalactic Zombies from Outer Space" and "The Sun Shines on my Grave".
Discography.
Albums:

</doc>
<doc id="9653282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653282" title="Worth Street">
Worth Street

Worth Street is a two-way street in the Manhattan borough of New York City. It runs from Hudson Street, TriBeCa, in the west to Chatham Square in Chinatown at its eastern flank. Past Chatham Square, the roadway continues as Oliver Street, which runs one-way north- and westbound. Between West Broadway and Church Street, Worth Street is also known as Justice John M. Harlan Way in honor of the Supreme Court justice and alumnus of the nearby New York Law School. Between Centre and Baxter Streets, Worth Street is also known as the "Avenue of the Strongest", "New York's Strongest" being a nickname for the city's Department of Sanitation.
Worth Street passes through the cluster of government offices and courthouses centered around Foley Square. 125 Worth Street (at Centre Street) houses the headquarters of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation, the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, and the Department of Sanitation. Additionally, the New York Supreme Court courthouses at 60 Centre Street and 80 Centre Street (the Louis J. Lefkowitz Building) and the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Federal Courthouse (Southern District of New York) at 500 Pearl Street all have entrances facing Worth Street.
Worth Street originally started at the Five Points intersection and headed west and was known as Anthony Street. In 1859 the section between the Five Points intersection and Chatham Square to the west was opened by the city and the entire street was renamed Worth Street in honor of Major-general William J. Worth, hero of the 1848 Mexican War, who is buried two miles north in Worth Square, which is at the north end of Madison Square.

</doc>
<doc id="9653284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653284" title="Balian Grenier">
Balian Grenier

Balian I Grenier was the Count of Sidon and one of the most important lords of the Kingdom of Jerusalem from 1202 to 1241. He succeeded his father Renaud. His mother was Helvis, a daughter of Balian of Ibelin. He was a powerful and important representative of the native aristocracy during the three Levantine crusades of the first half of the thirteenth century. 
During the Fifth Crusade, Balian advised the troops of Andrew II of Hungary against sallying into the deserted regions of his county of Sidon, regions almost under Saracen control. The Hungarians refused to listen, however, and many were massacred during a Turcoman ambush. 
During the Sixth Crusade, Balian supported the Emperor Frederick II for the throne of Jerusalem. He negotiated with Giordano Filangieri, the marshal of Sicily, sent by Frederick in 1228 to represent his authority in Acre until the emperor could make the trip in person. Balian was the chief native ally of the crusaders at the time when they were not well received by the locals. He supported the Emperor and his Germanisation, but tried, as with the previous crusade, to prevent a bloodbath. In 1229, Frederick left Balian in charge of Tyre and in 1231 he gave him the co-regency (bailiwick) of the kingdom with Garnier l'Aleman. 
During the crusade of Theobald I of Navarre in 1239, he participated in the battle near Ascalon between crusader and Egyptian forces. Against his good judgement, Amaury VI of Montfort and Henry II of Bar charged the Egyptians and were routed. 
Balian later received the castle of Shaqil Arnun, which his father had defended by a ruse from Saladin in 1190, from the sultan As-Salih Ayyub. He died in 1240 or, according to Philip of Novara, 1241. His son Julian succeeded him in Sidon, the greater part of which had been recovered by Balian. He was betrothed to Marguerite of Brienne, who was seduced by Emperor Frederick II (daughter of the Count of Brienne, older brother of John of Brienne), and ultimately he married Ida de Reynel.

</doc>
<doc id="9653288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653288" title="Sir Thomas Barrington, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Thomas Barrington, 2nd Baronet

Sir Thomas Barrington, 2nd Baronet (died September 1644) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1644.
Barrington was the son of Sir Francis Barrington, 1st Baronet and his wife Joan Cromwell. He was knighted at about 1621. In 1621 Barrington was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Newtown. He was re-elected for the constituency in 1624, 1625, 1626 and 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. In 1628, he succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his father.
In April 1640 Barrington was elected MP for Essex in the Short Parliament. He was elected MP for Colchester for the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until his death in 1644.
Barrington married firstly in around 1605, Francis Gobert, daughter of John Gobert. He married secondly Judith Lytton, daughter of Sir Rowland Lytton. He had one son, John Barrington by his first wife.

</doc>
<doc id="9653314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653314" title="Wilgreen Lake">
Wilgreen Lake

Wilgreen Lake is a reservoir in Madison County, Kentucky. It was constructed in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="9653315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653315" title="Paul Douglas (disambiguation)">
Paul Douglas (disambiguation)

Paul Douglas (1892–1976) was an American economist and US senator.
Paul Douglas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9653326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653326" title="History of Milwaukee">
History of Milwaukee

Milwaukee, Wisconsin, has had a history of over 160 years of immigration (of Germans, Irish, Yankees, Poles, blacks and Hispanics), politics (including a strong Socialist movement),and industry (including machines and beer), which have given it a distinctive heritage. 
History to 1820.
The Milwaukee area was originally inhabited by the Fox, Mascouten, Potawatomi, and Ho-Chunk (Winnebago) native American tribes. The name "Milwaukee" comes from an Algonquian word "Millioke", meaning "Good", "Beautiful" and "Pleasant Land" (c.f. Potawatomi language "minwaking", Ojibwe language "ominowakiing") or "Gathering place the water" (c.f. Potawatomi language "manwaking", Ojibwe language "omaniwakiing").
French missionaries and traders first passed through the area in the late 17th and 18th centuries. French explorer, Robert La Salle was most likely the first white man to visit Milwaukee in October 1679.
The first white fur trader to settle in Milwaukee was French Canadian Jean Baptiste Mirandeau who along with Jacques Vieau of La Baye (Green Bay), established a fur-trading post near the Menomonee River in 1795. Mirandeau remained all year with Vieau coming every spring with supplies. In 1820 or 1821 Mirandeau died and was the first white to be buried in the city in an Indian cemetery near Broadway and Wisconsin. The post was on the Chicago-Green Bay trail, located on the site of today's Mitchell Park. Vieau married the granddaughter of an Indian chief and had at least twelve children. Vieau's daughter by another woman, Josette, would later marry Solomon Juneau. These links established a Metis population, and by 1820 Milwaukee was essentially a Metis settlement.
1800 to 1849.
Milwaukee has three "founding fathers": Solomon Juneau, Byron Kilbourn, and George H. Walker. Solomon Juneau, the first of the three to come to the area, arrived in 1818. The French Canadian Juneau married Jacques Vieau's daughter in 1820, and Vieau eventually sold the trading post to his son-in-law and daughter, the "founding mother of Milwaukee." The Juneaus moved the post in 1825 to the eastern bank of the Milwaukee River (between the river and Lake Michigan), where they founded the town called Juneau's Side, or Juneautown. This town soon attracted settlers from the Eastern United States and Europe.
Soon after, Byron Kilbourn settled on the west side of the Milwaukee River. In competition with Juneau, Kilbourn established Kilbourntown there, making sure that the streets running toward the river did not match up with those on the east side. This accounts for the large number of angled bridges that still exist in Milwaukee today. Further, Kilbourn distributed maps of the area that showed only Kilbourntown, implying that Juneautown did not exist or that the east side of the river was uninhabited and thus undesirable.
The third prominent builder, George H. Walker, claimed land to the south of the Milwaukee River, where he built a log house in 1834. This area grew and became known as Walker's Point.
The proximity of the towns sparked tensions in 1845 after the completion of a bridge built between Kilbourntown and Juneautown. Kilbourn and his supporters viewed the bridge as a threat to their community and ultimately led to Kilbourn destroying part of the bridge. Over the next few weeks, skirmishes broke out between the inhabitants of the two towns; while no one was killed, several people were seriously injured. After this event, known as the Milwaukee Bridge War, the two towns made greater attempts at cooperation.
By the 1840s, the three towns had grown to such an extent that on January 31, 1846 they combined to incorporate as the City of Milwaukee and elected Solomon Juneau as the city's first mayor. A great number of German immigrants had helped increase the city's population during the 1840s and continued to migrate to the area during the following decades.
Milwaukee became known as the "Deutsches Athen" (German Athens), and into the 20th century, there were more German speakers and German-language newspapers than there were English speakers and English-language newspapers in the city. To this day, the Milwaukee phone book includes more than 40 pages of Schmitts or Schmidts, far more than the pages of Smiths.
In the mid-19th century Milwaukee earned the nickname "Cream City," which refers to the large number of cream colored bricks that came out of the Menomonee River Valley and were used in construction. At its peak, Milwaukee produced 15 million bricks a year, with a third going out of the state.
1850 to 1900.
During the middle and late 19th century, Wisconsin and the Milwaukee area became the final destination of many German immigrants fleeing the Revolution of 1848. In Wisconsin they found the inexpensive land and the freedoms they sought. The German heritage and influence in the Milwaukee area is widespread.
On November 14, 1856 Solomon Juneau died at the age of 63.
The Milwaukee Bar Association was founded in 1858. It is the fourth oldest of such organizations in the United States and now has over 2,600 members.
On May 5, 1886 the Bay View Massacre occurred, in which striking steelworkers who were marching toward a mill in the Bay View section of Milwaukee were intercepted by a squad of National Guardsmen who, under orders from the Wisconsin Governor, fired point blank into the strikers, killing seven.
In March 1889, Milwaukee had four days of protest and one day of rioting against its Chinese laundrymen. Sparking this city-wide disturbance were allegations of sexual misconduct between two Chinese and several underaged white females. The unease and tension in the wake of the riot was assuaged by the direct disciplining of the city's Chinese.
The late 19th century saw the incorporation of Milwaukee's first suburbs. Bay View existed as an independent village from 1879-1886. In 1892, Whitefish Bay, South Milwaukee, and Wauwatosa incorporated. They were followed by Cudahy (1895), North Milwaukee (1897) and East Milwaukee, (later known as Shorewood), in 1900. The early 20th century saw the additions of West Allis (1902) and West Milwaukee (1906), which completed the first generation of so-called "inner-ring" suburbs.
In general, suburbs along the north shore of Lake Michigan were residential and wealthier and suburbs along the south shore were industrial and working class. The western suburbs were mixed—North Milwaukee and West Allis being primarily industrial, and Wauwatosa being primarily residential. Wauwatosa was widely recognized as Milwaukee's first "bedroom suburb," though it developed its own set of social, economic, and religious institutions.
In 1895, the Milwaukee City Hall was completed. Containing 15 stories and topping out at 393 feet, the City Hall was the tallest habitable building in the world upon its completion (a title it maintained until the Park Row Building was completed in New York City in 1899) and one of the tallest structures overall, behind such non-habitable buildings as the Eiffel Tower and the Washington Monument. It remained the tallest seat of government until 1901, when Philadelphia City Hall was completed.
1900 to 1960.
During the first half of the 20th century, Milwaukee was the hub of the socialist movement in the United States. Milwaukeeans elected three Socialist mayors during this time: Emil Seidel (1910–1912), Daniel Hoan (1916–1940), and Frank Zeidler (1948–1960), and remains the only major city in the country to have done so.
Often referred to as "Sewer Socialists," these Milwaukee Socialists were characterized by their practical approach to government and labor. These practices emphasized cleaning up neighborhoods and factories with new sanitation systems, city owned water and power systems, and improved education systems. Their influence began to dwindle in the late 1950s amidst the "red scare".
Also during this time, a small, but burgeoning community of African-Americans who emigrated from the south formed a community that would come to be known as Bronzeville. This area, which was located on and near what are now known as Old World Third Street and Martin Luther King Drive, soon became known as a "Harlem of the Midwest" for its jazz clubs and juke joints which attracted both local and nationally renowned musicians such as B.B. King and Ella Fitzgerald. Bronzeville's significance began to fall off as the heart of Milwaukee's Black community shifted north following World War II after the building of a major expressway (Interstate 43) which destroyed the geographic continuity of the district. Nonetheless, the area has been experiencing something of a revival within the past few years as it has seen the arrival of several new businesses, restaurants, condos, coffee shops and night clubs that seek to recapture the prominence the area once had.
Into the late 1950s, Milwaukee, like many northern industrial cities, grew tremendously. Having been home historically to immigrants from Ireland, Germany, Poland, Hungary and other central European nations, as well as the northward migration of African-Americans from the Southern United States and industrial workers from Wisconsin's hinterlands and other parts of the United States, the city had acquired a dense population in the first half of the 20th century.
As Milwaukee's suburbs proliferated and the population of the city center began to disperse, Milwaukee annexed and incorporated the surrounding lands, recapturing a portion of its departing tax base and simultaneously supplying these areas with much-needed city services. The first plan for Wisconsin's highway system, with an aim to improve Milwaukee's worsening automotive congestion, was submitted in 1945, although construction did not begin until the late 1950s.
1960 to 1995.
Milwaukee's population peaked in 1960, according to the decennial US Census, with a count of 741,324 and a national ranking as the 11th largest American city. Milwaukee made its final boundary annexations and consolidations in the same year, when it established the configuration of borders seen today. By 1970, as the city continued to exhibit the trends of decentralization, its population had fallen to 717,099 as the 12th largest American city. In 2000, it was the 19th largest, with a population of 596,974. The population decline was a result of various factors. Starting in the late 1960s, as in many cities in the Great Lakes "rust belt," Milwaukee saw the loss of blue collar jobs and the phenomenon of "white flight."
The construction of Milwaukee's interstate highway system, beginning in 1964 with the completion of its first seven miles of I-94, heralded an age of greater decentralization, as southeastern Wisconsin suburbs continued to proliferate along interstate corridors, providing an alternative to crowded city living. Nevertheless, a backlash against the freeway in the late 1960s and early 1970s virtually ground Milwaukee's freeway construction to a halt, leaving the city with about 50% of the highways recommended by the Southeastern Wisconsin Regional Planning Commission's freeway plan.
1995 to the present.
In recent years the city began to make strides in improving its economy, neighborhoods, and image, resulting in the revitalization of neighborhoods such as the Historic Third Ward, the East Side, and more recently, Bay View, along with attracting businesses to its downtown area. Marquette University has dedicated major projects to the Marquette Hill neighborhood including "campus town" and additional academic buildings, while demolishing some historic buildings and taking over other structures for its own use.
The city continues to plan for revitalization through various projects. Largely because of its efforts to preserve its history, in 2006 Milwaukee was named one of the "Dozen Distinctive Destinations" by the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="9653327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653327" title="List of Sugar Bowl broadcasters">
List of Sugar Bowl broadcasters

Television network, play-by-play and color commentator(s) for the Sugar Bowl from 1953 to the present.
Television.
Starting with the 2010-2011 season, ESPN started airing the games, out bidding FOX for the rights to the games.
Spanish.
In 2013, ESPN Deportes will provide the first Spanish U.S. telecast of the Sugar Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="9653357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653357" title="Max Burret">
Max Burret

Karl Ewald Maximilian Burret, commonly known as Max Burret (6 June 1883 – 19 September 1964) was a German botanist.
Burret was born in Saffig near Andernach in the Prussian Rhine Province. He originally studied law at Lausanne and Munich at the instigation of his father. Burret had a greater interest in natural science than in law, and he eventually abandoned his law studies to conduct botanical research in Berlin, where he earned a Ph.D in 1909 for his Taxonomic thesis, and quickly became one of Germany's most prominent botanists. Burret participated in many botanical science organizations in Germany, taking up leadership positions, such as Assistant at the Berlin Botanical Museum and Garden from 1909 to 1911, as well as Botanical Assistant and Lecturer at the Botanical Institute of the Agricultural College in Berlin in 1911 through 1921. In 1922 he was appointed Custodian of the Botanical Museum and Garden in Berlin, and later appointed to Professor of Botanical Biology at Berlin University.
Burret made numerous travels in Europe and Africa, as well as South America. He was invited by the Brazilian government to make a trip to that country, specifically for the study of the various species of palm trees indigenous to the region. Shortly after his return to Germany, he voyaged to the Old World tropics, visiting Sri Lanka, the Malay Peninsula, Java, and Sumatra in 1938 and 1939. Burret was among the first botanists to conduct ground-breaking research on palms, beginning in Africa and later in South America and Indomalaysia. He identified, named and classified dozens of palm species, including "Rhapis multifida" (finger palm) and "Livistona beccariana". He also named and classified other tropical flora, chiefly those of the linden family. The names of several genera of palm trees were named after him, including the genera "Maxburretia" and "Burretiokentia". 
Burret is the author of numerous systematic papers on the floral families Tiliaceae (the linden family) and Palmae (the palm family). He died in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="9653360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653360" title="Wonderfool (album)">
Wonderfool (album)

Wonderfool is an album by runner-up Dilana released in 2000 under the alias Dilana Smith. It was relatively successful; three of the five released singles successfully charted in The Netherlands. With the exception of the track Wonderfool, the album's sound is lighter than what Dilana showcased on and her more recent work. The album was re-released in 2006, following Dilana's appearance on . Dilana has stated that she does not make any financial benefit from sales from this album. Because it did not sell enough when originally released, all the proceeds go to Red Bullet.

</doc>
<doc id="9653364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653364" title="1972 in Northern Ireland">
1972 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9653371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653371" title="Williamstown Lake">
Williamstown Lake

Williamstown Lake is a public recreational lake and water reservoir in Grant County, Kentucky. It was created in 1955 by impounding the South Fork of Grassy Creek. The lake officially opened for boating, fishing and swimming in 1957. With more than 20 miles of shoreline, over 300 summer cottages and year-round homes line the lake. Residents and vacationers enjoy yearly events such as the Labor Day Boat Parade and Paddle Williamstown, among other summer festivities. 
There are two main public boat ramps available- The Williamstown Marina and Ruby's Boat Dock. Both offer fuel and small convenience stores, and The Williamstown Marina also delivers pizza and subs to docks.
Major issues surrounding Williamstown Lake include the Williamstown Lake Expansion Project and the nearby development of the Ark Encounter attraction. The Expansion Project is expected to triple the size of the lake in order to increase the supply of safe water in the surrounding areas. The Ark Encounter is an attraction being developed by Answers in Genesis, the makers of the Creation Museum in Hebron, Kentucky. Some Williamstown Lake property owners worry how this major attraction will affect the lake's water levels. 

</doc>
<doc id="9653375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653375" title="Fédération Québecoise des Sports Cyclistes">
Fédération Québecoise des Sports Cyclistes

Fédération Québecoise des Sports Cyclistes or FQSC (the Quebec Cycling Federation) is the provincial governing body of cycle racing in Quebec, Canada.
The national governing body for Canada is the Canadian Cycling Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9653377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653377" title="List of Fiesta Bowl broadcasters">
List of Fiesta Bowl broadcasters

Television network, play-by-play and color commentator(s) for the Fiesta Bowl. The Fiesta Bowl began in 1971, but was considered a “minor bowl” until the January 1, 1982 game between Penn State–USC. Since then, the Fiesta Bowl has been considered a major bowl.
Starting with the 2010-11 season, ESPN started airing the games, out bidding Fox for the rights to the games.
Television.
Spanish.
In 2013, ESPN Deportes will provide the first Spanish U.S. telecast of the Fiesta Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="9653401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653401" title="Carl Gustav Friedrich Hasselbach">
Carl Gustav Friedrich Hasselbach

Carl Gustav Friedrich Hasselbach (21 March 1809 – 21 April 1882) was a privy councillor, member of the Prussian House of Lords, and served as Lord Mayor of the city of Magdeburg from 1851 to 1881.
Life.
Born in Stettin (Szczecin) to a shipping lawyer, Hasselbach attended school in Stettin, then studied law and public administration at the universities in Göttingen and Berlin. He entered the Prussian civil service in 1830. Over the next 21 years he would hold various positions at Prussian government offices in Magdeburg, Gumbinnen and Minden.
Hasselbach was elected Mayor of Magdeburg in 1851. A staunch conservative and royalist, Hasselbach was promoted to "Lord" Mayor of Magdeburg in 1854 by King Frederick William IV of Prussia. That promotion made Hasselbach a member of the Prussian House of Lords. He served as a Vice President of the Prussian Upper House from 1872 to 1875.
Hasselbach served as Mayor until 1881, when he retired for health reasons. The city grew dramatically during his tenure. He oversaw several infrastructure projects, including a new waterworks, sewage system, a gas lighting system, a new train station and a new bridge over the Elbe. But his most important development was the physical expansion of the city, granting Magdeburg room to grow its industrial base.
Hasselbach married Auguste Cremat in 1837. The couple had five children.
Honors.
The city of Magdeburg erected a monument in Hasselbach's honour at the centre of an important traffic intersection, Hasselbachplatz. The monument was moved in 1927. Damaged during WWII, the monument was eventually restored in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9653404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653404" title="Chevalier Family">
Chevalier Family

The Chevalier Family is an informal group of Roman Catholic religious congregations founded or inspired by Jules Chevalier.
The group consists of three congregations:
together with lay associates.
There are many schools associated with the Family.

</doc>
<doc id="9653406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653406" title="Kelleys Island School">
Kelleys Island School

Kelleys Island High School is a public high school in, and on, Kelleys Island, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Kelleys Island Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Green Devils.
Kelleys Island is the smallest public high school in Ohio, serving just 14 students in grades 9-12. The class of 2007 includes 6 students, which is about as large a class as they have ever had.

</doc>
<doc id="9653407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653407" title="E2 (TV channel)">
E2 (TV channel)

e2 is a Turkish television channel launched in January 2007 that often broadcasts American series. It is owned by the Doğuş Group.
Entertainment programmes.
The following is an incomplete list of shows which have aired and/or are currently airing on e2:

</doc>
<doc id="9653411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653411" title="A Little Stiff">
A Little Stiff

A Little Stiff is a 1991 minimalist comedy directed by Caveh Zahedi and Greg Watkins based on true events and re-enacted by the actual participants. Caveh Zahedi plays himself as a neurotic film student who develops a crush on art student Erin McKim after a brief encounter in an elevator.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 1991, aired on the Sundance Channel and German Television Station WDR, and was released on home video by World Artists.
The film is currently unavailable, although IFC Films was planning a re-release in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9653412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653412" title="Sámal Joensen-Mikines">
Sámal Joensen-Mikines

Sámuel Joensen-Mikines (1906-1979) was a Faroese painter. He was the first recognised painter of the Faroe Islands and one of the Faroe Islands most important artists. Many of his paintings have been displayed on Faroese stamps.
Joensen-Mikines was never in doubt that he would be an artist, and his first inclination was to be musician and play the violin. But in the summer of 1924 the Swedish bird painter William Gislander visited the Faroe Islands for painting the enormous colonies of birds. Gislander was not a great artist, but for the young Joensen-Mikines he was the idol, whose steps he followed from the very beginning, and who let him make his first brush strokes with the remainders of paint that could squeeze out of Gislander's tubes. His paintings were inspired both by Edvard Munch and Eugène Delacroix, and his trend-setting art was decisive for the development of Faeroese art. 
The most early works of Mikines are from the middle of the 1920s. He then painted in a fresh and naturalistic style with a precise representation of colour and motifs. He was asked by the author and artist William Heinesen to apply for the "Danske Kunstakademi", the Royal Danish Art Academy. He was admitted on the Painting School in 1928 and had Ejnar Mikkelsen and later on Aksel Jørgensen as teachers. He settled in Denmark but was almost every year on Mykines in the summer until 1971. On Mykines he draw and painted as he also made rough sketches which later on became paintings during the winter in Denmark. S J Mikines travelled many other places than Mykines and also these places were among his motifs. S J Mikines participated in countless exhibitions since his debut in Tórshavn in 1927, where all his paintings were sold and his paintings can be seen many different places. Apart from Listaskálin in Tórshavn, where a great permanent exhibition is, paintings can be seen in the Faroese Parliament as well in many banks and savings banks all over the Faroes. Paintings of Mikines can also be seen in "Statens Museum for Kunst" in Copenhagen. 
With Aksel Jørgensen and Ejner Nielsen as his teachers and together with the Norwegian painter Edvard Munch, they inspired Mikines' symbolic, expressive, and often sombre and dramatic portrayals in which death plays a major role. The darkest paintings are dated around 1934, which became a fateful year for Mikines. His native village, Mikines, was struck by grief when a large part of the male population of the village drowned because of a boat wreck. Furthermore this was the year when Mikines' father died. Mikines has described it as an artistic experience when his father's coffin was carried through the village. But later paintings of, for example, his native village were noticeably light and idyllic. The drama, however, remained an important part of the artistic expression of Mikines.
The portrait: 1934.
It is disputed who the woman is on the vertical portrait painted 1934, many people believe the portrait shows the artist's wife, and it certainly does resemble her very closely; others say that she is an anonymous woman from the village Sørvag. The horizontal painting shows a woman standing beside the sea coast, looking out for her husband to arrive home from the sea. Although this set is dedicated to "Famous Women", the women are anonymous, but Mikines intended it to represent the Faroese Woman.

</doc>
<doc id="9653420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653420" title="Downunder Vodka">
Downunder Vodka

Downunder Vodka is an 80 proof vodka distilled and bottled in Melbourne, Australia. The vodka is distilled from the molasses of Australian sugar cane.
Downunder is priced below high-priced vodkas at about the same level as Smirnoff.

</doc>
<doc id="9653422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653422" title="William Bernhardt">
William Bernhardt

William Bernhardt is an American thriller/mystery/suspense fiction author best known for his "Ben Kincaid" series of books.
Awards.
Bernhardt has sold more than 10 million books in several different countries throughout the world. He has twice won the Oklahoma Book Award for Best Fiction, in 1995 and 1999, and in 1998 he received the Southern Writers Guild's Gold Medal Award. In 2000, he was honored with the H. Louise Cobb Distinguished Author Award, which is given "in recognition of an outstanding body of work that has profoundly influenced the way in which we understand ourselves and American society at large." That same year, he was presented with a Career Achievement Award at the 2000 Booklovers Convention in Houston. He has also been inducted into the Oklahoma Writers Hall of Fame, the youngest author ever so honored. In 2009, he received the Royden B. Davis Distinguished Author Award from the University of Scranton, making him the only author to receive both the Davis and the Cobb Distinguished Author awards.
Career.
Bernhardt is best known for his series of novels featuring idealistic attorney Ben Kincaid, but he has also written several novels outside the series, including the nonfiction novel Nemesis: The Final Case of Eliot Ness. Bernhardt spent over two years researching that book, which provides a compelling solution to the unsolved mystery of the identity of The Mad Butcher of Cleveland, generally considered America's first true serial killer.
Bernhardt is also one of the nation's most in-demand writing instructors. He hosts an Annual Workshop each year in Tulsa, the first weekend in June. Through the year, he leads five-day seminars and weekend master classes through the country. Successful graduates of Bernhardt's writing seminars include New York Times-bestselling author Aprilynne Pike, UK national bestseller Sarah Rees Brennan, and Oklahoma Book Award winner Sheldon Russell.
In addition to his work as a writer and teacher, in 1999, he founded HAWK Publishing Group. HAWK has published books by acclaimed authors such as Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist N. Scott Momaday, Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Janis Ian, and PBS newsman Jim Lehrer. The primary focus of the company, however, has been to provide a publishing venue for the unpublished. Almost half of the company's more than 100 books have been first novels. Among other successes, HAWK published the first novel by P.C. Cast, now known for her highly successful House of Night series of young adult novels.
He currently serves on the Board of Directors for the Thomas H. Gilcrease Museum of Western Art, the Advisory Panel for the Oklahoma Arts Institute, the Advisory Council for "Nimrod: The International Journal of Poetry and Prose," the Publications Committee for the Oklahoma Historical Society, and the Selection Committee for the Peggy V. Helmerich Distinguished Author Award.
A former trial attorney, Bernhardt has received several awards for his public service. He lives in Tulsa, Oklahoma with his children Harry, Alice, and Ralph. On October 10, 2013, Bernhardt was a 1-day champion on Jeopardy, winning $20, 801. The next day he finished in second place.
Bibliography.
"Ben Kincaid" Series
Other Novels

</doc>
<doc id="9653427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653427" title="List of Cotton Bowl Classic broadcasters">
List of Cotton Bowl Classic broadcasters

Television.
Fox has televised the Cotton Bowl Classic since 1999. The current television agreement is through 2014. For many decades, the game was a New Year's Day staple on CBS, where the man most associated with the Cotton Bowl, Lindsey Nelson, handled the play-by-play. NBC televised the game in the 1950s and for a brief period in the mid-1990s.
'Notes'
Spanish.
In 2013, Fox Deportes will provide the first Spanish U.S. telecast of the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Radio.
In 2013 and 2014, the game will be broadcast by ESPN Radio and ESPN Deportes Radio. Brad Sham, who called the game for Westwood One in 1996, and from 1998 to 2012, will continue as play-by-play announcer for ESPN Radio. 2013 marks the first Spanish radio broadcast of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9653436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653436" title="Willisburg Lake">
Willisburg Lake

Willisburg Lake is a reservoir in Washington County, Kentucky. It was created in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9653451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653451" title="Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart">
Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart

The Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic religious institute founded in 1874 by Jules Chevalier, and one of the members of the Chevalier Family.

</doc>
<doc id="9653469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653469" title="History of anorexia nervosa">
History of anorexia nervosa

The history of anorexia nervosa begins with descriptions of religious fasting dating from the Hellenistic era and continuing into the medieval period. A number of well known historical figures, including Catherine of Siena and Mary, Queen of Scots are believed to have suffered from the condition.
The earliest medical descriptions of anorexic illnesses are generally credited to English physician Richard Morton, in 1689. 
However it was not until the late 19th century that anorexia nervosa was to be widely accepted by the medical profession as a recognized condition. In 1873, Sir William Gull, one of Queen Victoria’s personal physicians, published a seminal paper which established the term "anorexia nervosa" and provided a number of detailed case descriptions and treatments. In the same year, French physician Ernest-Charles Lasègue similarly published details of a number of cases in a paper entitled "De l’Anorexie Hystérique".
Awareness of the condition was largely limited to the medical profession until the latter part of the 20th century, when German-American psychoanalyst Hilde Bruch published her popular work "The Golden Cage: the Enigma of Anorexia Nervosa" in 1978. This book created a wider awareness of anorexia nervosa among lay readers. A further important event was the death of the popular singer Karen Carpenter in 1983, which prompted widespread ongoing media coverage of eating disorders.
Etymology.
The term "anorexia nervosa" was established in 1873 by Queen Victoria’s personal physician, Sir William Gull. The term "anorexia" is of Greek origin: "an"- (ἀν-, prefix denoting negation) and "orexis" (ὄρεξις, "appetite"), thus translating to "nervous absence of appetite".
In an earlier address, in 1868, Gull referred to the condition as "Apepsia hysterica", but subsequently amended this to "Anorexia hysterica" and then to "Anorexia nervosa". In a paper published in 1873, French physician Ernest-Charles Lasègue published a paper entitled "De l’Anorexie Hystérique". The use, and subsequent abandonment, of the term "hysterica" is of interest, since in the Victorian era the term was interpreted as applying to female behaviour. In 1873, Gull wrote:
Early descriptions.
13th and 14th Centuries: Saint Catherine of Siena & Saint Hedwig of Andechs or Silesia.
Of interest in terms of anorexia nervosa is the medieval practice of self-starvation by women, including some young women, in the name of religious piety and purity. This is sometimes referred to as anorexia mirabilis. By the thirteenth century, it was increasingly common for women to participate in religious life and to even be named as saints by the Catholic Church. Many women who ultimately became saints engaged in self-starvation, including Saint Hedwig of Andechs in the thirteenth century and Catherine of Siena in the fourteenth century. By the time of Catherine of Siena, however, the Church became concerned about extreme fasting as an indicator of spirituality and as a criterion for sainthood. Indeed, Catherine of Siena was told by Church authorities to pray that she would be able to eat again, but was unable to give up fasting.
1556: Mary, Queen of Scots.
Mary Stewart, known as Mary, Queen of Scots, was brought up as a child in the court of Henry II of France. Her medical history is documented in some detail thanks to the accounts of various ambassadors who sent reports back to their respective sovereigns. It is known, for example, that she had measles when she was five, rubella when she was seven, dysentery and malaria when she was 14 and smallpox when she was 15.
She also had an unnamed illness as a teenager that some now believe to have been anorexia nervosa. Her condition is described as involving weight loss, uneven appetite, vomiting and diarrhoea, pallor, fainting fits and breathing difficulties. She was, however, physically active throughout the illness; she continued to ride on horseback and dance in the evenings at the same time as these symptoms were observed.
1613: Jane Balan – the “French fasting girl of Confolens”.
The case of Jane Balans, the “French Fasting Girl of Confolens,” was described in 1613 by Pedro Mexio. He noted that she “lived without receiving meat or drink for at least three years.” The condition began on 15 February 1599, when Jane Balans was around 10 years old. After suffering a fever and vomiting, she became withdrawn and weakened, refusing all food.
Contemporary superstition blamed the wicked power of an apple given her by an old woman some months prior to the start of the condition; Mexio diagnosed the case as a “drying up of the liver and of all the parts serving to nourishment due to hurtful humours”
1689: Richard Morton’s case descriptions.
Two early medical descriptions of a syndrome involving loss of appetite and extreme fasting without any evidence of known disease are provided by the English physician Richard Morton in 1689. He provided two case descriptions in his "“Phthisiologia: Or, a Treatise of Consumptions,”" a 1694 translation of his 1689 work "“Phthisiologica, seu exercitationes de phthisi libris comprehensae. Totumque opus variis histories illustratum.”" Morton described these cases as “Nervous Atrophy, or Consumption.” The first, in 1684, involved a “Mr Duke’s daughter in St Mary Axe” (a street in the City of London). He writes of her thus:
The girl consulted Dr Morton only after she had been ill for two years, and then only because she experienced frequent fainting fits. Morton described her as a “Skeleton only clad in skin.” He noted her “continual poring upon Books” despite her condition and that she was indifferent to the extreme cold of an unusually severe winter. She refused any treatment (which consisted of the likes of cloves bruised in wine, and stomach plasters). She died three months later.
The other patient was described as “The Son of the Reverend Minister Steele.” He began to fast at the age of 16. Morton attributed his “want of appetite” to “studying too hard” as well as the “passions of his mind.” Morton was more successful with this patient, who followed the doctor’s advice to abandon his studies and move to the country, take up riding and drink plenty of milk, whereupon he “recovered his health in great measure.”
1770s: Timothy Dwight.
In a biography of Noah Webster, a near-fatal case of anorexia was described of an instructor at Yale College:
1790: Robert Willan’s case description.
Robert Willan was an English physician based in London who is credited with founding dermatology as a medical speciality. He is one of the first to describe the symptoms of extreme weight loss in males, in his paper “A Remarkable Case of Abstinence,” published in Medical Communications in 1790. This describes the case of a young Englishman who died in 1786 after fasting for 78 days. He wrote:
19th Century descriptions.
1859: Louis-Victor Marcé’s case descriptions.
Louis-Victor Marcé (1828–1864), a Paris-based French physician, published a number of case studies describing psychiatric disorders of women during and following pregnancy. His case descriptions included that of a patient displaying the symptoms of anorexia nervosa in 1859. In 1860, Marcé wrote:
1868: William Gull (address to the British Medical Association).
In 1868, William Gull was a leading British physician based in London. That year, he described his observations of an emaciated condition in young women in an address to the British Medical Association (BMA) in Oxford. He observed that the causes of the condition were unknown, but that the subjects affected were "mostly of the female sex, and chiefly between the ages of sixteen and twenty three" although he also qualified this statement by adding that he had occasionally seen it in males of the same age.
The Lancet (the BMA’s in-house journal) published the following extract from Gull's address:
1873: Sir William Gull’s "Anorexia Nervosa" paper.
By 1873, Sir William Gull had been made a Baronet and was one of four Physicians-in-Ordinary to Queen Victoria. In that year, he published his seminal work "“Anorexia Nervosa (Apepsia Hysterica, Anorexia Hysterica)"", in which he describes the three cases of Miss A, Miss B, and a third unnamed case. In 1887, he also recorded the case of Miss K, in what was to be the last of his medical papers to be published.
Sir William Gull writes that Miss A was referred to him on 17 January 1866. She was aged 17 and was greatly emaciated, having lost 33 pounds. Her weight at this time was 5 stones 12 pounds (82 pounds); her height was 5 ft 5 inches. Gull records that most of her physical condition was normal, with healthy respiration, heart sounds and pulse; no vomiting nor diarrhoa; clean tongue and normal urine. The condition was that of simple starvation, with total refusal of animal food and almost total refusal of everything else.
Gull prescribed various remedies (including preparations of cinchona, biochloride of mercury, syrup of iodide of iron, syrup of phosphate of iron, citrate of quinine) and variations in diet without noticeable success. He noted occasional voracious appetite for very brief periods, but states that these were very rare and exceptional. He also records that she was frequently restless and active and notes that this was a "striking expression of the nervous state, for it seemed hardly possible that a body so wasted could undergo the exercise which seemed agreeable".
In Gull's published medical papers, images of Miss A are shown that depict her appearance before and after treatment (right). Gull notes her aged appearance at age 17:
Miss B was referred to Gull on 8 October 1868, aged 18, as a case of suspected tuberculosis. Gull noted that her emaciated appearance was more extreme than normally occurs in tubercular cases. His physical examination of her chest and abdomen discovered nothing abnormal, but he recorded a "peculiar restlessness" that was difficult to control. The mother advised that "She is never tired". Gull was struck by the similarity of the case to that of Miss A, even to the detail of the pulse and respiration observations.
Miss B was treated by Gull until 1872, by which time a noticeable recovery was underway and eventually complete. Gull admits in his medical papers that the medical treatment probably did not contribute much to the recovery, consisting, as in the former case, of various tonics and a nourishing diet.
Although the cases of Miss A and Miss B resulted in recovery, Gull states that he observed at least one fatality as a result of anorexia nervosa. He states that the post mortem revealed no physical abnormalities other than thrombosis of the femoral veins. Death appeared to have resulted from starvation alone.
1873: Ernest-Charles Lasègue.
Ernest-Charles Lasègue was a French physician who practised at the Salpêtrière, Pitié and Necker hospitals. From 1869, he was a professor of clinical medicine at Hôpital Necker.
In 1873, Lasègue published a paper entitled ""De l’Anorexie Histerique"" in the "Archives générales de Médecin." Later that year, a translated version of the paper was published in the British "Medical Times".
Lasègue began the article by noting the importance of recognizing hysterical anorexia as a diagnostic entity, and then described the progression of the illness. He proposed the hypothesis that at the onset of the disease, lack of appetite originates from a wish to avoid pain. After this, a passage was deleted from the translation which described 'the paradoxical liveliness' of the anorexic. Lasègue contrasted anorexic behaviour to the behaviour of people forced into starvation during the great famine in Paris. Lasegue then described the downward spiral of the anorexic, characterized by indifference, disgust, aversion, and eventually starvation, ill health and possible death.
Lasègue's paper contrasts with Gull's work by its focus on the psychological symptoms and examination of the role of parental influences and family interactions. He wrote about some of the family dynamics inherent in anorexic families, and provided a detailed description of a scene in which relatives try to persuade an anorexic to eat.
In an addendum to his "Anorexia Nervosa" paper, Sir William Gull provides the following comment on Lasègue's work:
Recent history.
Although the medical facts of anorexia nervosa have been documented since the 1870s, public awareness of the condition was limited until the second half of the 20th century. The concept of obsession with body image as a motivating factor for excessive fasting did not emerge until the mid-1960s,
and it was not until 1980 that body image disturbance was formally included as a diagnostic criterion in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders published by the American Psychiatric Association. More recently, with progress in the field of neuroscience researchers have increasingly looked at anorexia as a biologically-based mental disorder, like schizophrenia.
Hilde Bruch research and publications.
Hilde Bruch (March 11, 1904 – December 15, 1984) was a German-born American psychoanalyst, who practised at Baylor College of Medicine, Houston in the United States. Her early career focussed on obesity; but from the early 1960s she increasingly turned her attention to anorexia nervosa and its underlying causes. Bruch’s 1973 work "Eating Disorders": "Obesity, Anorexia Nervosa, and the Person Within" is considered a seminal work on the subject and was the first of several works that documented her work with anorexic subjects.
Her best known work was "The Golden Cage: the Enigma of Anorexia Nervosa", published in 1978. This book drew on material in "Eating Disorders" in a publication aimed at a lay readership. It sold 150,000 copies and is recognized as one of the earliest publications that created a wider awareness of anorexia nervosa beyond the medical profession.
Death of Karen Carpenter.
Karen Carpenter was a popular American vocal and drummer musician. Her death on February 4, 1983, was attributed to heart failure as a consequence of anorexia nervosa.
Public awareness of anorexia nervosa and other eating disorders was transformed by Karen Carpenter’s death. Her young age (32) coupled with her fame as an entertainer captured public attention and received extensive media coverage. The sympathetic reporting of her illness prompted other celebrities, such as Jane Fonda and Lynn Redgrave, to come forward and share their experiences.
Karen Carpenter’s brother and singing partner, Richard Carpenter, established a fund dedicated to his sister’s memory for research into anorexia nervosa.

</doc>
<doc id="9653490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653490" title="Chad Hartigan">
Chad Hartigan

Chad Hartigan (born August 31, 1982 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is an Irish, American independent filmmaker and actor.
In 2005 he beat hundreds of other contestants to win the title of "Ultimate Film Fanatic" on the IFC game show of the same name.
Biography.
Chad Hartigan was born on the island of Cyprus in August 1982. His father, Gerard, is a businessman from Limerick, Ireland, and his mother, Gayle, is a teacher from Sparks, Nevada. He currently resides in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
He attended Tallwood High School in Virginia Beach from 1996-2000 and became heavily involved in theater and video production. He graduated and was accepted to the one and only college he applied for, the North Carolina School of the Arts. Chad attended the filmmaking program there and graduated in 2004 with a BFA in directing. He spent three years living with classmates Brendan McFadden, Aaron Katz and Marc Ripper, whom he continues to work with professionally today.
In 2006, he appeared in Katz's first film, "Dance Party USA", as Sam. He also appeared in the 2013 film "Burnout", directed by friend Lydia Hyslop.
His first feature as director, "Luke and Brie Are on a First Date", premiered at the Hamptons International Film Festival in 2008 and went on to play all over the world and spawn a Latin American remake in 2013 called "Luna en Leo."
His second feature, "This is Martin Bonner", premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2013 where it won the Best of Next Audience Award. It was also screened at the 2013 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, Stockholm International Film Festival, and Torino Film Festival. In 2014, it was awarded the John Cassavetes Award at the Film Independent Spirit Awards.
He is currently in pre-production on his third feature, "Morris From America."

</doc>
<doc id="9653492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653492" title="Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart">
Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart

The Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic religious institute, founded on 25 March 1900 in Germany by a Dutch MSC, Fr. Hubert Linckens (1861 - 1922). The institution is member of the Chevalier Family.

</doc>
<doc id="9653499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653499" title="Wood Creek Lake">
Wood Creek Lake

Wood Creek Lake is a reservoir in Laurel County, Kentucky. Created by impounding Wood Creek in 1969, the lake is located in the middle of Daniel Boone National Forest.
Wood Creek Lake Dam is a rock-fill dam, 163 feet high and 800 feet long at its crest, with a maximum capacity of 29,101 acre-feet. Dam and lake are owned by the Commonwealth of Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="9653507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653507" title="List of Milwaukee landmarks">
List of Milwaukee landmarks

These are just some of the landmarks of Milwaukee.

</doc>
<doc id="9653528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653528" title="Richard L. Gelb">
Richard L. Gelb

Richard Lee Gelb was a Consultant and Director of various corporations and not-for-profit entities. He was Chairman Emeritus since 1995, Chairman from 1976 to 1995, President from 1967 to 1976, Chief Executive Officer from 1972 to 1993 and a Director since 1960, of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (a diversified worldwide health and personal care company).
A resident of New York’s Upper East Side, he was former director of the New York Life Insurance Company, The New York Times Company., Bessemer Securities Corporation and Federal Reserve Bank of New York. An active volunteer, he was director emeritus of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, former director of the Council on Foreign Relations, former vice chairman of the Board of Overseers and Board of Managers of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, a member of the board of directors of the Citizens Crime Commission and trustee emeritus of the New York Racing Association. Fascinated by police work, he helped to found the New York City Police Foundation with Mayor John V. Lindsay. With his brother, Bruce, Gelb also ran the Lawrence M. Gelb Foundation, a family philanthropic foundation named for his father that supported education, cultural programs and hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="9653539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653539" title="Rodine, Žirovnica">
Rodine, Žirovnica

Rodine () is one of ten villages in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
There is evidence of Roman settlement in the area of Rodine with the remains of a Roman farm (villa rustica) in Ključi. This was partially excavated in 1959, and finds show that it was settled from the late 1st century AD until the 5th century. Remains of three buildings and a number of small objects were found during excavation. Some are now on display at the Jalen House.
The village church is the Church of St. Clement. There is evidence that a religious building was built on the site in the second half of the 10th century. A later gothic structure burned down and the Baroque church seen today was built in 1692. There is a tomb under the church that allegedly contains the remains of St. Clement, who was tortured and killed in Crimea, Ukraine, and whose bones were found in Rodine. The church was renovated in 1876 to repair extensive damage to the roof and spire. The house where the Slovene writer Janez Jalen was born, now a small museum, is in Rodine as well.
In recent years, the settlement has grown northwards, further up the hill side and westwards to reach right to the outskirts of Smokuč. There are open fields and forests to the east and south of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9653548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653548" title="Cranks Creek Lake">
Cranks Creek Lake

Cranks Creek Lake is a reservoir in Harlan County, Kentucky. It was created in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9653556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653556" title="Nothing's Changed (album)">
Nothing's Changed (album)

"Nothing's Changed" is the second solo studio album by Joe Lynn Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="9653564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653564" title="Buena High School">
Buena High School

Buena High School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9653566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653566" title="Buena High School (California)">
Buena High School (California)

Buena High School is part of the Ventura Unified School District and serves most of the eastern portion of Ventura. The school has an enrollment of 2,312 students.
Football.
In Fall 2009, Buena High School went 8-2 to go on to the play offs, where they won their first game and lost their second against Valencia. Early in 2010 St. Bonaventure announced it would forfeit its 11 wins and its Channel League title, making Buena number one in the Channel League. Buena also beat Ventura High school for the first time in 6 years.
Rivalry With Ventura High.
Buena High School has a long lasting rivalry with Ventura High School, which is in the Mid-Town district. Buena has lost five of the past six football games between the two. The winning team of the varsity football game is awarded with the Suzanne Brown Memorial Trophy. As a result of the 2013 victory, the trophy now stands at Ventura High.
Girls Basketball.
Buena High Schools girls basketball team is the most successful team in both wins and winning percentage in California History. Joe Vaughan created a basketball culture in the city of Ventura leading Buena to a record of 765-112 during his tenure at Buena, most in California along with best winning percentage. Vaughan led the Buena girls program has 2 California State Titles, and 14 CIF Championship appearances. Vaughan has accumulated numerous individual coaching awards along the way including State Coach of the Year. Buena and its rivalry with cross town rival Ventura is one of the most watched girls game every year as these two teams represent some of the best in the area.
Buena has won 34 Channel League titles in 40 years. Buena has produced 2 Parade All Americans, Kelly Greathouse and Courtney Young, along with one McDonald's All American, Courtney LaVere.
Buena girls have 8 undefeated regular seasons, most in California.
Buena is currently coached by David Guenther, who has one CIF Finals appearance and two State tournament appearances.
Music Department.
The marching band performs routinely at almost every home game, as well as participation in several of the area's marching band competitions. Being the only high school in the city of Ventura to offer a marching band, the group makes an appearance in the city's two major parades; the Ventura County Fair Parade and St. Patrick's Day Parade.
The Buena High School Music program dates back to the fall of 1961 when Buena first opened its doors for students. Since that time, the band program has been led by seven Band Directors. 
The current director is Daniel Algazy. Enrollment is as high as 180 musicians.
Students participating in the Buena Music Department have opportunities to perform in many high caliber ensembles including Marching Band, Concert Band, Wind Ensemble, String Orchestra, Guitar and Beginning Instruments, Studio 'A' Jazz Band, Lab Jazz Ensemble, Winter Percussion Ensemble, and Winter Colorguard.
The Buena High School Music program has a reputation for excellence. The school's groups have traveled through 10 of the United States, as well as Canada and Mexico. In 2002, Buena represented the United States at the XIV International Festival of Festive Music in Castellón de la Plana. The marching band also attended the Rose Parade in Pasadena in 1983 with over 200 band members in enrollment.
During the 2012-2013 School Year, three music ensembles qualified for regional championships. The "Pride of the Gold Coast" Marching Band qualified for the Southern California School Band and Orchestra Association (SCSBOA) Championships, placing 7th in the 2A Division. The Winter Percussion Ensemble qualified for the Southern California Percussion Alliance (SCPA) Championships, Placing 10th in the Percussion Scholastic A Division. The Winter Colorguard received a Bronze Medal at the Winter Guard Association of Southern California (WGASC) Championships in the Regional AA Division.
Drama.
Previous productions include The Nightmare Before Christmas (2004), The Breakfast Club (2005), Moulin Rouge! (2007), To Kill A Mockingbird (2007) and Little Shop of Horrors (2008). The 2008/2009 season included Much Ado About Nothing and Beauty and the Beast as well as student directed One Acts, a Musical Revue, an annual Short Film Festival, Red Ribbon Week skits, and the annual "Comedy Shop."

</doc>
<doc id="9653567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653567" title="Julian Grenier">
Julian Grenier

Julian Grenier (died 1275) was the Count of Sidon from 1239 to 1260, then becoming merely titular. He was the son and successor of Balian I and Margaret of Brienne (daughter of the Count of Brienne, older brother of John of Brienne). He did not exhibit the wisdom of his father in his dealings with the Saracens. 
In 1260, he attacked adjacent ares of Damas, killing a Mongol officer in the process. The officer was the nephew of Kitbuqa, Mongol general of Hulagu Khan. The Mongols avenged themselves by ravaging the territory of Sidon and sacked the castle. But Julian had already left the area beyond the sea. Julian, in response, sold the county to the Knights Templar. Ruined by the sale, he entered the order of the Temple himself. 
Personal life.
In 1252, he married Euphemia, daughter of Hethum I, King of Armenia. Between 1256 and 1261, he carried on a relationship with Plaisance of Antioch, widow of Henry I of Cyprus, and enraged the Pope. It was not until 1263, that he separated from Euphemia. He also had an affair with Isabella of Ibelin, Queen of Cyprus, possibly prompting a papal letter, "De sinu patris", condemning the relationship.
With Euphemia he had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="9653577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653577" title="Ara Malikian">
Ara Malikian

Ara Malikian (born 1968) is a Lebanese violinist of Armenian descent.
Biography.
Ara Malikian began studying the violin at an early age with his father. He gave his first concert at the age of 12 and when he was 14 he was invited to study in Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover in Berlin. At 15 he was the youngest student to be admitted in this school. Later he continued his studies in the Guildhall School of Music & Drama in London, at the same time receiving lessons from professors Franco Gulli, Ruggiero Ricci, Ivry Gitlis, Herman Krebbers and members of the Alban Berg Quartet.
He has assimilated the music of other cultures like those of the Middle East (Arab and Jewish), Central Europe (gipsy and Klezmer), Argentina (tango) and Spain (flamenco).
With a wide-ranging repertoire, that includes the majority of all the important pieces written for the violin (concerts with orchestra, sonatas and pieces with piano and chamber music) he has also premiered pieces from modern composers like Franco Danatoni, Malcolm Lipkin, Luciano Chailly, Ladislav Kupkovich, Loris Tjeknavorian, Lawrence Roman and Yervand Yernakian. Malikian also plays recitals for solo violin with programs featuring complete cycles of the "24 Caprices" of Paganini, the "6 Sonatas" of Eugène Ysaÿe and the "Sonatas and Partitas" of J.S. Bach.
He has been recognized in numerous competitions, among which are the First Prizes obtained in the International Competitions "Felix Mendelssohn" (1987, Berlin, Germany) and "Pablo Sarasate" (1995, Pamplona, Spain) besides other prizes like those from the competitions "Niccolo Paganini" (Genoa, Italy), "Zino Francescatti" (Marseille, France), "Rodolfo Lipizer" (Gorizia, Italy), "Jeunesses Musicales" (Belgrade, Yugoslavia), "Rameau" (Le Mans, Francia), "International Artists Guild" (New York, USA), and the "International Music Competition of Japan". In 1993 he received the "Prize for Artistic Devotion and Achievement" from the German Ministry of Culture.
He has played in more than 40 countries: New York (Carnegie Hall), Paris (Salle Pleyel), Viene (Musikverein), Toronto (Ford Center), Madrid (Auditorio Nacional and Teatro Real), Venice, Los Angeles, Taipei, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, Cuba, Barcelona and Bilbao among others. He has also participated in the festivals at Aspen, Colamar, Prades, Schleswig Holstein, Braunschweig, San Sebastian, Segovia, Bergen, Freden, Metlach and Prague.
As a soloist he has been invited by the following orchestras: Tokyo Symphony Orchestra, Bamberg Symphony Orchestra, Zürich Chamber Orchestra, London Chamber Orchestra, Genova Opera Orchestra, Sinfónica de Madrid, Sinfónica de Portugal, Chamber Orchestra of Tübingen, Moscu Virtuosi, Belgrade Philharmonic, Toulouse Chamber Orchestra, Armenia Philharmonic and Orquesta de la Comunidad de Madrid, under the direction of such important directors as Mariss Jansons, Peter Maag, Jesús López-Cobos, Vladimir Spivakov, Miguel Ángel Gómez-Martínez, Luis Antonio García Navarro, Vassili Sinaisky, Edmond de Stoutz, Gudni Emilson, Juan José Mena and JoAnn Falletta.
He lives in Madrid, where he was the concertmaster of the Orquesta Sinfónica de Madrid (resident orchestra of the Madrid Royal Opera). In "Le Boeuf sur le Toit" by D. Milhaud, in the version for violin and orchestra, under the direction of Gómez Martínez; and in the "Concerto for Violín and Orchestra in D minor" by Aram Khachaturian under the baton of Jesús López-Cobos.
He plays in duo since 1995 with the pianist Serouj Kradjian, also of Armenian origin, with whom he recorded the complete cycle of Sonatas by Robert Schumann (Hänsler) and the record "Miniatures" (Malkrafon), an exquisite anthology of music for violin and piano written by Armenian composers. He has also recorded numerous discs for record companies such as BMG, Auvidis, Trittico Classics and Elite Music, including among many other compositions, "The Four Seasons" of Vivaldi (more than 80,000 copies sold for UNICEF).
He also maintains a close collaboration with José Luis Montón. He has also worked with the Lebanese singer Fairuz, the flamenco dancers Joaquín Cortés and Belén Maya, the Ensamble Nuevo Tango and the jazz pianist Horacio Icasto. He has also worked with film-music composers like Alberto Iglesias, with whom he recorded the soundtrack for "Hable Con Ella", a movie by Almodóvar, or Pascal Gainge in "Otro Barrio" by the director Salvador García Ruiz.
Ara Malikian has released albums "Manantial" and "De la felicidad" accompanied by the flamenco guitarist José Luis Montón. This last CD has been nominated by the Spanish Academy of Music for the best New Music CD of the year. With Warner Malikian has also recorded a double CD with some of the most significant works of Paganini, including his "24 Caprices for Violin Solo", an album with some compositions by Sarasate accompanied by the Armenian pianist Serouj Kradjian, the "Six Sonatas" for violin by Ysaÿe and the "Sonatas and Partitas" by J. S. Bach.
Ara Malikian has been nominated twice for the best classical performance in the 2007 Music Prizes in Spain given by the Spanish Academy for his recording of the Poema Concertante by Xavier Montsalvatge, along with the Castilla y León Symphonic Orchestra; as well as for a piece with Joan Valent, Suso Sáiz and Marc Blanes.

</doc>
<doc id="9653583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653583" title="Sense and Sensibilia">
Sense and Sensibilia

Sense and Sensibilia is the title of:

</doc>
<doc id="9653588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653588" title="Sports in Milwaukee">
Sports in Milwaukee

Milwaukee, Wisconsin is home to a variety of sports teams and events.
Professional.
Milwaukee has a rich history of involvement in professional and sports, going back to the 19th century. Currently, its major sports teams include:
Throughout the sports world, Milwaukee is perhaps best known for its tradition of tailgating before Brewers baseball games. The Brewers made their first post-season appearance in 1981 and won the American League pennant in 1982. In 1998, they became the first Major League team in modern history to switch leagues, doing so to accommodate the expansion franchises of the Arizona Diamondbacks and Tampa Bay Devil Rays. They also have the distinction of being the only team to have played in four of the six current Major League divisions.
The Bucks won the 1971 NBA Championship, a mere three years after joining the league. They made it back to the Finals in 1974, but soon developed a reputation as "next year's champions," winning at least one playoff series for the next 15 years, but having yet to return to the Finals.
The Wave are the longest continuously-running professional soccer operation in North America. They have also been one of the most successful, having captured five league championships in the past nine years.
An interesting note; the Milwaukee Admirals ice hockey club is a feeder team for the Nashville Predators, and Nashville's minor league baseball team, the Nashville Sounds, is the farm team for the Milwaukee Brewers. Both the Admirals and Sounds are the top-level minor league affiliate.
Non-Professional.
in addition to professional sports, Milwaukee is home to a number of competitive teams, clubs and leagues at the amateur, college, high school and semi-pro levels.
Collegiate.
Under the leadership of Al McGuire, Marquette's men's basketball team became a national powerhouse in the 1970s, capturing the NIT Championship in 1970, and the NCAA Championship in 1977. Not only was the '77 championship McGuire's last game, but Marquette remains the last independent school to win the title. It is also the last major sports championship won by a Milwaukee sports team.
Led by current NBA star Dwyane Wade, Marquette returned to the Final Four in 2003, but was ousted by Kansas in the semi-finals.
UW–Milwaukee made its first post-season appearance in men's basketball that same year, under the tutelage of current Tennessee head coach Bruce Pearl. Although they lost at the buzzer to Notre Dame in the first round, they would make their first NIT appearance the following year. In 2005, UWM had its most successful year ever, winning both the Horizon League regular season and tournament championships. They would go on to upset Alabama in the first round of the NCAA tournament before shocking then Big East powerhouse Boston College on its way to the Sweet 16. So much of an impression had the team made that sportswriters shied away from calling their defeat of sixth-seeded Oklahoma in the 2006 Tournament an "upset," believing UWM may have actually been the better team.
Starting with the 2007-08 season, the Marquette and UWM men's basketball teams will rekindle their annual rivalry game which has been dormant since 1998. The two schools have always shared annual and heated rivalries in all other common NCAA sports.
UWM's men's and women's soccer teams regularly attain national rankings, and the school is also home to the only Division I baseball team in Wisconsin.
High School.
High School athletics in Milwaukee is dominated by the Milwaukee City Conference. However, it is also home to a number of athletically competitive private (mainly Catholic) high schools such as Marquette University High School, which has the city's only WIAA sanctioned ice hockey team.
While the City Conference schools are quite competitive in basketball, track & field and other sports with low costs of maintenance, it has been noted that the schools' collective lack of funds and facilities puts it at a distinct disadvantage in sports such as football.[http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qn4196/is_20061003/ai_n16757454][http://www.maxpreps.com/FanPages/Content/Article.mxp/ArticleID-a1526849-96ed-4217-b46f-f40fd4622638] Problems such as only four of the schools having on-campus stadiums are believed to be a major reason why City Conference schools have been absent from the WIAA State Championship Game since 1986 (a 28-20 Bradley Tech loss to Manitowoc). As a result, many of the city's more talented prep football players either attend private schools on scholarships and vouchers, or suburban schools through school choice programs such as Chapter 220.
The City Conference is considered to be the toughest league in Wisconsin for boy's basketball. Its teams have appeared in 21 of the past 24 WIAA Division 1 Championship Games, winning the title in 14 of them.
City Conference Alumni include Michael Bennett (Football, Track & Field/Bradley Tech), "Downtown" Freddie Brown (Basketball/Lincoln), Terry Porter (Basketball/South Division) and Latrell Sprewell (Basketball/Washington).
Amateur/Semi-professional.
The Milwaukee Bavarians/Bavarian Soccer Club is one of the oldest and most successful amateur soccer clubs in the United States, having captured the National Amateur Cup on two occasions. They play at the fourth level of the American Soccer Pyramid.
Other.
Auto Racing.
The Milwaukee suburb of West Allis is home to the Milwaukee Mile auto racing facility, the world's oldest active auto race track, located on the Wisconsin State Fair Grounds. The track has held events sanctioned by major sanctioning bodies, such as the American Automobile Association, USAC, NASCAR, Champ Car World Series (or CART), and the Indy Racing League.
Speed-Skating.
Milwaukee is also home to the Pettit National Ice Center, a U.S. Olympic Team training facility, which has been the training site for gold-medal winning speedskaters such as Dan Jansen, Bonnie Blair and Shani Davis.
Pro Wrestling.
Milwaukee was a stronghold of the American Wrestling Association (AWA) during pro wrestling's territorial days. Shows run from The MECCA (Auditorium and Arena) drew large crowds of people who came to see the tag team of former Green Bay Packers lineman Dick "The Bruiser" Afflis and South Milwaukee native Reggie "The Crusher" Lisowski.
Vince McMahon's WWF (later known as World Wrestling Entertainment; now known as WWE) began running shows from The MECCA in the late 1980s leading to Milwaukee being home to some important moments in that promotion's history. Most famously, it is the birthplace of "Stone Cold Steve Austin's "Austin 3:16" catchphrase.[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290228/plotsummary]
WWE continues to run shows (including pay-per-views) in Milwaukee at the Bradley Center. Insane Championship Wrestling, a member of the National Wrestling Alliance, also runs shows at smaller venues in the city, usually once a month.
Roller Derby.
A recent addition to Milwaukee's sports scene is Women's Roller Derby. Since 2005 Milwaukee has been home to the Brew City Bruisers, a Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA) Roller Derby league. The league has four skater-owned and operated teams: Crazy Eights, Maiden Milwaukee, Rushin' Rollettes, and Shevil Knevils. The teams compete in events locally at the US Cellular Arena, and the BCB's Travel Team competes in national league events throughout the United States.
Running.
Milwaukee is home to a variety of competitive road running events. The largest is Al's Run, an annual fund-raiser for the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin run in honor of Al McGuire. The race draws large numbers of the participants, regularly exceeding 15,000. [http://www.alsrun.com/display/PPF/DocID/9232/router.asp]
The city is also the finishing point for the Lakefront Marathon, which begins in Grafton, Wisconsin and is run along Lake Michigan until the finish at Milwaukee's Veterans Park. The Guinness World Record for “most people linked together to complete a marathon” with 62 roped-together runners, was set at Milwaukee’s 2011 Lakefront Marathon. Team Jennipede competed on behalf of elite marathoner Jenny Crain, raising over $116,000 for Crain’s rehabilitation from injuries suffered when a car hit her during a training run in Milwaukee street on Aug. 27, 2007.
In addition, many paths have been paved in recent years for runners and joggers in the city's parks along Lake Michigan as well as the Hank Aaron State Trail, adjacent to Miller Park in the Menomonee Valley.
Past teams.
Previously, numerous other teams have played in Milwaukee, including:
The early 20th century Milwaukee Brewers's time in the American League predates the league's evolution into a major league, going back to the 19th century to its predecessors, the Western Association and Western League. The minor league Milwaukee Brewers was not directly connected to the older team. In fact, there was concern at the time about the prospect of both teams simultaneously playing in 1901 or 1902. It should also be noted that the 19th century baseball teams in Milwaukee were interchangeably referred to as the Cream Citys, Milwaukee Brewers, Milwaukee Greys or Milwaukee Unions.[http://www.baseball1.com/bb-data/bbd-tms.html] This was common during the time as most teams did not have official names and rather adopted names which reporters assigned to them. The table lists the most common name used for each particular team.
The Milwaukee Braves won the National League pennant in 1957 and 1958, and won the World Series in 1957.
Milwaukee is the only major-league city that was never home to a North American Soccer League franchise. However, Milwaukee County Stadium was host to a number of exhibition games of the Chicago Sting, which had planned a permanent move (that never materialized) to the ballpark.[http://www.ussoccerplayers.com/rno/city082003.html]. The city has since proven itself to be a viable soccer market, as the Wave were founded in 1984 (the same year the NASL folded) and have been active ever since.
Green Bay Packers in Milwaukee.
The Green Bay Packers played a portion of their home schedule in Milwaukee on a regular basis from the 1930s until 1994 in the following locations:
The first Milwaukee game was played on December 3, 1922, against the Racine Legion. The 1939 Championship between the Packers and the New York Giants was played at State Fair Park in what is currently known as the Milwaukee Mile. The Packers won, 27-0. A 1931 championship against the Portsmouth Spartans was also scheduled for Milwaukee, but was called off. The Packers final post-season game in Milwaukee was a 1967 divisional playoff against the Los Angeles Rams which the Packers won convincingly 28-7.[http://www.pro-football-reference.com/teams/gnb1967.htm] They went on to capture their last NFL Championship and Super Bowl victory under Vince Lombardi.
The Packers played their final game at County Stadium on December 18, 1994, against the Atlanta Falcons. Although the Packers no longer play in Milwaukee, many residents still consider them a Milwaukee team, held in higher regard than the Bucks and Brewers. In spite of no longer playing games in the city, the Packers flagship newspaper and radio have remained the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel and Milwaukee-based WTMJ-AM, respectively.
The Packers maintain two separate season ticket plans, reflecting their time spent in Milwaukee: "Gold" package holders, made up largely of former Milwaukee season ticket holders, have a three-game package consisting of the annual Midwest Shrine preseason contest plus the second and fifth regular-season home games each year; "Green" package holders (made up of original Green Bay ticket holders) attend the annual Bishop's Charities preseason game and the remaining six regular-season contests.

</doc>
<doc id="9653604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653604" title="Kizilyurt">
Kizilyurt

Kizilyurt (; Kumyk: Къызылюрт) is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located on the Sulak River, northwest of Makhachkala. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1963 by merging the work settlements of Kizilyurt, Bavtugay (), and Sulak ().
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Kizilyurt serves as the administrative center of Kizilyurtovsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is, together with two settlements of urban type (Bavtugay and Novy Sulak) and one rural locality (the "selo" of Stary Bavtugay), incorporated separately as the Town of Kizilyurt—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the Town of Kizilyurt is incorporated as Kizilyurt Urban Okrug.
Demographics.
Ethnic groups in the city administrative area (2002 census):
Ethnic groups in the city itself (2002 census):

</doc>
<doc id="9653607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653607" title="Los caballeros de la cama redonda">
Los caballeros de la cama redonda

Los caballeros de la cama redonda (English: Round bed knights) is a 1973 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Gerardo Sofovich and Hugo Sofovich. The film starred Jorge Porcel and Alberto Olmedo.
Release.
The film premiered in Argentina on March 22, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="9653612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653612" title="Cannon Creek Lake">
Cannon Creek Lake

Cannon Creek Lake is a reservoir in Bell County, Kentucky. It was built in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9653621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653621" title="Emily Armstrong">
Emily Armstrong

Emily Frances Armstrong (c. 1880 – April 14, 1949) was a British victim of an unsolved murder. She had been beaten to death and later found at her place of employment, a dry cleaner's shop on St John's Wood High Street in London. Police later determined she had been killed roughly an hour before her body was found at around 4:00 pm. A postmortem examination also showed that her skull had been shattered by at least 22 blows from a blunt object, later believed to be a claw hammer.
Although her handbag had been missing at the scene, it was later found nearby with a bloody handkerchief bearing a laundry mark H-612, although no leads resulted from that piece of evidence.
While authorities pursued several theories, they failed to find a suspect. Witnesses reported a "suspicious man" around 30 years old and between 5'5" or 5'6", however, police were unable to identify the individual. A murderer who had recently escaped from Broadmoor hospital was also considered before witnesses failed to identify him in a police line-up. Several army deserters were also questioned, however, all were eventually released.
Police eventually concluded that Armstrong's murderer had either been a transient or ""a man who had fled to Ireland.""

</doc>
<doc id="9653624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653624" title="Ponsonby Rule">
Ponsonby Rule

The Ponsonby Rule was a constitutional convention in the United Kingdom constitutional law that dictated that most international treaties had to be laid before Parliament 21 days before ratification.
On 11 November 2010 Part 2 of the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010 was brought into force by a commencement order. Part 2 of the Act deals with the ratification of treaties and puts Parliamentary scrutiny of treaties on a statutory footing, effectively replacing the Ponsonby Rule.
History.
From the late 19th century it became the common practice to present the treaties of the United Kingdom to Parliament after they had come into force.
On 1 April 1924, during the Second Reading Debate on the Treaty of Peace (Turkey) Bill, Mr Arthur Ponsonby (Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in Ramsay MacDonald's first Labour Government) made the following statement: 
At the same time he stated that:
The Ponsonby Rule was withdrawn during the subsequent Baldwin Government, but was reinstated in 1929 and gradually hardened into a practice observed by all successive Governments.
Other countries.
The practice on legislative approval of treaties before ratification varies from country to country. In most countries, the constitution requires most treaties to be approved by legislature before they can formally enter into force and bind the country in question. This is particularly the case in states where international treaties become part of domestic law directly, without the need for special implementation as required in the case of the United Kingdom. 
In countries with a strong separation of powers, this may lead to treaties being signed by the executive, but not coming into force because of legislative opposition.
In the United States, the president must submit treaties to the Senate for its advice and consent to ratification, which requires a two-thirds supermajority. A famous example of a treaty not receiving consent is the Treaty of Versailles, which ended World War I, because of opposition to the League of Nations. 
In Australia, the opposite situation exists although the practical effect does not greatly differ. The Executive (that is, the Australian Federal Government) may enter into a binding treaty without the involvement of parliament. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade states "The power to enter into treaties is an executive power within Section 61 of the Australian Constitution and accordingly, is the formal responsibility of the Executive rather than the Parliament" and discusses the issues surrounding this fact, including the way treaties are handled in practice (which involves parliament). Implementation of treaties does require legislation by Federal parliament, following Section 51(xxix) of the Australian Constitution. Treaties must be signed by the Governor-General of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9653646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653646" title="The Club of Odd Volumes">
The Club of Odd Volumes

The Club of Odd Volumes is a private social club and society of bibliophiles founded in 1887, in Boston, Massachusetts.
History.
The club was founded on January 29, 1887 with the following intention:
The objects shall be to promote an interest in, and a love for whatever will tend to make literature attractive as given in the form of printed and illustrated volumes, to mutally assist in making researches and collections of first and rare editions, and to promote elegance in the production of Odd Volumes. The term "odd", as used in the club's name, is an eighteenth-century usage meaning "varied" or "unmatched".
The Sette of Odd Volumes, an English bibliophile dining-club founded in 1878, is considered the inspiration for the organization. An early pamphlet of this Boston organization is titled"Ye Sette of Odd Volumes".
The club began primarily as a dinner club, complementing established social clubs like the Somerset Club, Algonquin Club, and Harvard Club. The group conducts lectures, meets for dinner, collects fine books and develop literary exhibits.
The club has hosted authors, book designers, artists, politicians, and printers.
Building.
The club has been at 77 Mt. Vernon Street in Beacon Hill since 1936; The building was the home of Sarah Wyman Whitman. Prior to 1936, they owned the buildings at 50, 52 and 54 Mt. Vernon Street.
Library and publications.
Between its founding and 1900, the club expanded its membership and activities to include an active exhibition and publishing program as well as the maintenance of a library. Members in the Club of Odd Volumes, currently limited to a maximum of 87, are often associated with Boston's universities, museums and libraries. They often include rare and antiquarian book collectors, curators, scholars, printers and typophiles. The club continues to offer exhibitions on a wide variety of themes, including the printing arts, typography, and antiquarian books.
The club has a substantial library of antiquarian books and an archive of letterpress printing.
The collection, only accessible by club members, has about 2,200 titles.
Publications.
The following is a short selection of published works:
Notable members.
Notable members include 

</doc>
<doc id="9653650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653650" title="Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships">
Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships

The Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships (U-19's) are held separately for men and women about every 4 years to honor the world champions for the under-19 age group in lacrosse. The 2008 men's U-19 championship was sanctioned by the International Lacrosse Federation (ILF). The women's one was sanctioned by the International Federation of Women's Lacrosse Associations (IFWLA). In August 2008, the two bodies merged to form the Federation of International Lacrosse (FIL).
These championships were first held for men in 1988 and for women in 1995. They have only been held in the same year twice and both times in the same country, however the 2003 U-19's was the first championship held jointly with the ILF and IFWLA. The United States has won the ILF U-19's every single year it has been held along with the IFWLA U-19's for the past two events.
The 2008 men's championship was held in July 2008 in Coquitlam, British Columbia, and was won once again by the United States. The next championship for women will be held in 2011. The 2011 women's U-19 championship has been tentatively awarded to Hanover, Germany.
The 2012 men's championship will be held in July 2012 in Turku, Finland. The next championship for women will be held in 2015 in Prague, Czech Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="9653651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653651" title="Jean Cousin the Younger">
Jean Cousin the Younger

While there have been some reports that an edition of "Livre de Pourtraicture" was first printed in 1571 and again in 1589, no copies appear to exist. Instead, the most likely first printing of the work was 1595 in Paris by David Leclerc, with woodcuts engraved by Jean Leclerc, just after Jean the Younger's death. The book is one of the most famous on the subject of artistic anatomy and was printed again and again into the late 17th century.
References.
Choulant, L. "History and bibliography of anatomic illustration." Trans. and annotated by Mortimer Frank. (New York: Hafner, 1962). p. 359.
"Dictionnaire de biographie francaise." (Paris: Letouzey et Ane, 1933- ). Entry for: Cousin, Jehan.
Mortimer, R. "Harvard College Library Department of Printing and Graphic Arts catalogue of books and manuscripts." (Cambridge, Mass., Belknap Press of Harvard Univ. Press, 1964- ). French Books, Vol. 1, p. 199.

</doc>
<doc id="9653657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653657" title="Hinchingbrooke School">
Hinchingbrooke School

Hinchingbrooke School is a large secondary school situated on the outskirts of Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire. Originally all of the surrounding land—including what is now Huntingdon Town—comprised the grounds of Hinchingbrooke House. In fact, the Town was given the name "Huntingdon" as the owners of the house were known for hosting magnificent hunting parties. There is still an avenue of trees leading from the start of Hinchingbrooke House towards the town, which was the old entranceway through the grounds. It is now an academy. 
History.
Hinchingbrooke School was founded as Huntingdon Grammar School in 1565. Among its pupils in its early history were Oliver Cromwell and Samuel Pepys.
On 1 September 1939 it opened in a new building on Brampton Road—the same day that war broke out. The girls from Highbury Hill High School in London were evacuated for safety and attended the premises from 1939 - 1943. In 1970 the school began to take pupils of all abilities and soon became fully comprehensive. At the same time the school changed its name and above moved to new premises in Hinchingbrooke Park and the renovated Hinchingbrooke House.
In 2006 Hinchingbrooke School became a Specialist Sports College. It is now an academy.
Hinchingbrooke Sixth Form.
The sixth form is located in the historic Hinchingbrooke House itself, with most classrooms and student areas within the grade 1 listed building. It attracts a high number of applications and often runs with around 400 pupils. 
Hinchingbrooke Main School.
"The quality of teaching is not good enough because it is too variable. Some teachers do not challenge students at the appropriate level, mark work regularly enough or make clear what students need to do to improve. Students make less progress than they should in some subjects as a result." - Ofsted 2014
Hinchingbrooke School offers a wide variety of subject departments. Including; art, business studies, design technology,modern foreign languages, physicaL education, music, dance, ICT and textiles. As well as the standard academic subjects, maths, English and science. 
Hinchignbrooke also offers 'able gifted and talented'. Students are nominated for exceptional talent, showing commitment to school subjects and development in their ability. Notable alumni include premiership footballer Darren Bent, as well as ex-World Conker Champion Joseph Emery and professional eater Daniel Haggett. 
Hinchingbrooke provides a wide range of extra curricular activities for students of all talents and enthusiasm. Some of the clubs consist of; hockey, netball, volleyball,HBK TV ( a group of students creating our very own news team and programme), orchestra, dance and many many more.
Last of all; of course, at secondary school, examinations are crucial. Staff are very supportive of students and provide guidance, to ensure they can achieve the best of their ability. Results for both GCSE and A-LEVEL are significantly satisfactory.
KS4 EXAM RESULTS 2011:
Percentage achieving
equivalent) including 
maths and English
Percentage achieving 64% 4% 50% 94%
A*-C in English and maths
GCSEs
Percentage achieving all 19% 0% 7% 38%
English Baccalaureate
subjects
Number entered all English 81 1 21 58
Baccalaureate subjects
Percentage entered all 27% 4% 15% 48%
English Baccalaureate
subjects

</doc>
<doc id="9653663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653663" title="GHAR">
GHAR

GHAR of Ghar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9653691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653691" title="Renaissance Trains">
Renaissance Trains

Renaissance Trains is a company formed in August 1997 by former British Rail managers Mike Jones and John Nelson with the purpose of promoting and investing in open access passenger and freight rail businesses in the United Kingdom, as well as promoting and investing in rail industry innovation. Mary Bonar and Peter Wilkinson are also shareholders. It is based in York.
Proposed operations.
Humber Coast & City Railway.
The success of Hull Trains and its services from Hull to London led Renaissance Trains to start developing a proposal in 2003 to run trains from South Humberside and Lincolnshire to London To minimise revenue abstraction from franchised operators and avoid the congested East Coast Main Line, it proposed to operate via the joint line to Peterborough, across to Ely and then via the West Anglia Main Line to Stratford commencing in 2008/09.
This service would have taken more than three hours from Lincoln to London, whereas by changing at Newark North Gate the journey would usually take no more than 2 hours. In addition, Lincoln was now being served by a daily service to London St Pancras via Nottingham by East Midlands Trains, and East Coast now ran a daily direct train between Lincoln and London King's Cross. Both St Pancras and King's Cross were more central than Stratford and provided links to Eurostar, but with the Stratford City development opening in 2011 and Stratford is nearer to Docklands. In addition, in 2010 it was announced that, as a money saving option, East Coast would only run one service a day in each direction between London and Lincoln.
Glasgow Trains.
During the development of the business case, it was determined that operating the Nottingham services via the Settle & Carisle and Leeds was a more viable alternative. It was proposed to divert the weekend Liverpool services to Blackpool.
The Glasgow Trains proposal was put on hold in November 2005 to allow new franchises to be settled and their needs (in terms of train paths) identified. By September 2007 plans had progressed far enough for Renaissance Trains to begin train and operations planning in preparation for lodging an application for access rights with the Office of Rail Regulation.
The proposal appears to have not proceeded, Renaissance's website not having been updated since August 2009 and there is no evidence of an application having been lodged with the Office of Rail Regulation.
Rejected Proposals.
First Harrogate Trains.
The application was denied by the Office of Rail Regulation in a preliminary report released in January 2009, and in a final decision in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9653692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653692" title="Memorabilia (event)">
Memorabilia (event)

Memorabilia is a fan convention event held in the United Kingdom since 1994 for fans and collectors of movie, television and sporting memorabilia. The event takes place twice a year (usually March and November) at the NEC Birmingham, attracting over 30,000 visitors and about 250 traders. It has in previous years been held three times a year, and with additional events in other locations (notably London, Manchester, and Glasgow).
Guest appearances.
In addition to the trading and marketing aspects of Memorabilia, there are also guest appearances from television and film actors and sporting celebrities. Many sign autographs and pose for photographs. Personalities who have appeared at Memorabilia include:

</doc>
<doc id="9653698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653698" title="Big Dreams Little Tokyo">
Big Dreams Little Tokyo

Big Dreams Little Tokyo (2006) is a feature length motion picture written and directed by Dave Boyle. The film premiered November 2, 2006 at the AFI Festival in Hollywood, California and is released on DVD through Echo Bridge on July 22, 2008.
History.
The film was the feature debut of Boyle who conceived the idea while living in the Japantown area of Sydney, Australia. Many of the characters in the film were based on people he met and interacted with while there. It was shot in the summer of 2005 in San Jose and San Francisco, California as well as Salt Lake City, Utah. "Big Dreams Little Tokyo" was produced by Duane Andersen and Megan Boyle.
Synopsis.
The film tells the story of Boyd (played by Boyle), an American with an uncanny ability to speak Japanese. Boyd aspires to succeed in the world of Japanese business but finds himself mostly on the outside looking in. Meanwhile, his roommate Jerome (Jayson Watabe), is a Japanese American who has always felt too American to be Japanese but too Japanese to be American. He aspires to be a sumo wrestler but finds his weight and blood pressure are thwarting his dreams. Together they struggle to find their place in a world where cultural identity is seldom what it seems.

</doc>
<doc id="9653705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653705" title="Swiss cheese features">
Swiss cheese features

Swiss cheese features (SCFs) are curious pits in the south polar ice cap of Mars (Mare Australe quadrangle) named from their similarity to the holes in Swiss cheese. They were first seen in 2000 using Mars Orbiter Camera imagery. They are typically a few hundred meters across and 8 metres deep, with a flat base and steep sides. They tend to have similar bean-like shapes with a cusp pointing towards the south pole, indicating that insolation is involved in their formation. The angle of the sun probably contributes to their roundness. Near the Martian summer solstice, the sun can remain continuously just above the horizon; as a result the walls of a round depression will receive more intense sunlight, and sublimate much more rapidly than the floor. The walls sublimate and recede, while the floor remains the same.
As the seasonal frost disappears, the pit walls appear to darken considerably relative to the surrounding terrain. The SCFs have been observed to grow in size, year by year, at an average rate of 1 to 3 meters, suggesting that they are formed in a thin layer (8m) of carbon dioxide ice lying on top of water ice. 

</doc>
<doc id="9653708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653708" title="On Youth, Old Age, Life and Death, and Respiration">
On Youth, Old Age, Life and Death, and Respiration

On Youth, Old Age, Life and Death, and Respiration (Greek: , ) is one of the short treatises that make up Aristotle's "Parva Naturalia".
Structure and contents.
Place in the "Parva Naturalia".
In comparison to the first five treatises of the "Parva Naturalia", this one and "On Length and Shortness of Life", while still dealing with natural phenomena involving the body and the soul, are "definitely biological rather than psychological." They are omitted from the "Parva Naturalia" commentary of Sophonias.
Title and divisions of the treatise.
Modern editions divide the treatise into 27 chapters. The Bekker edition of Aristotle's works distinguished two works, "De Senectute et Juventute" (chapters 1-6), and "De Respiratione" (chapters 7-27, for this reason sometimes cited as "De Respiratione", chapters 1-21). However, the manuscripts give no basis for this distinction, and the contents are not accurately described by these labels; youth and old age only come into focus as "part of the explanation of life as a whole" in chapter 24. The work may, instead, be considered as a single, unified treatise on life, death, and the functions necessary to life: nutrition and respiration. The title "On Youth, Old Age, Life and Death, and Respiration", given in the Medieval manuscripts, derives from the treatise's opening words: "We must now treat of youth and old age and life and death. We must probably also at the same time state the causes of respiration as well, since in some cases living and the reverse depend on this." This statement explains how respiration is part of the more general subject of life and death. While "De Vita et Morte" might, then, seem to be a more satisfactory title for the work (and Ptolemy Chennus refers to the whole in this way), youth and old age are important aspects of the subject, because Aristotle's conception "is not of a constant, unvarying life" but of a life-cycle of natural development and decay.
The heart as the primary organ of soul.
Aristotle begins by raising the question of the seat of life in the body ("while it is clear that soul's essential reality cannot be corporeal, yet manifestly it must exist in some bodily part which must be one of those possessing control over the members") and arrives at the answer that the heart is the primary organ of soul, and the central organ of nutrition and sensation (with which the organs of the five senses communicate). The motivation for this "disappointing feature of Aristotle's physiology" is a matter of conjecture; the importance of the brain had been suggested before Aristotle by Alcmaeon of Croton (on the basis of "the fact...that the end-organs of smell and sight are connected with the brain," with which Aristotle was familiar), and this had been accepted in turn by Diogenes of Apollonia, Democritus, and Plato.
Heart, lungs, and respiration.
Aristotle's account of the heart provides one of the clearest indications that he was familiar with the medical theories of some parts of the Hippocratic Corpus. Among other debts, "his comparison of the heart-lung system to a double bellows (ch. 26, 480a20-23) is clearly borrowed from the earlier treatise" "On Regimen" ("De Victu"). That is, the heart ("hot substance" in animals) is inside the lungs ("the primary organ of cooling," a function also served by gills); the heart expands under the influence of heat, forcing the lungs to expand under the same influence, causing inhalation, and this introduction of cold air from outside in turn causes contraction and exhalation. In this continuous process, "life and respiration are inseparable."
The life-cycle.
Chapter 24 of the treatise gives several definitions that summarize Aristotle's theory.

</doc>
<doc id="9653709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653709" title="Clint Warwick">
Clint Warwick

Clint Warwick (25 June 1940 – 15 May 2004), born Albert Eccles, was the original bassist for Erdington rock band, The Moody Blues.
Life and career.
Warwick was born in Aston, Birmingham, England. 
The Moody Blues released one album with Warwick on bass, "Go Now - The Moody Blues #1" (USA release on London Records) a.k.a. "The Magnificent Moodies" on Decca in the UK, with sleeve notes by Donovan. The album yielded the hit single, "Go Now", which reached No. 1 in the UK in January 1965, and the Top Ten in the U.S.. Warwick took one co-lead vocal on that album with Denny Laine on the track; "I've Got A Dream" (which featured Ray Thomas on flute). The closing track "'Bye Bye Bird" was issued as an overseas single becoming a hit in France. 
Warwick was also on the EP "The Moody Blues" issued on Decca in 1964, and appeared on all their Decca singles, beginning with their debut; "Steal Your Heart Away" (1964), then after "Go Now", "I Don't Want to Go On Without You", "Everyday", "From The Bottom Of My Heart (I Love You)" (all 1965), plus "Boulevard De La Madeline" (1966) up to "Life's Not Life" in 1966.
Warwick's and Laine's era with the Moody Blues was featured on various compilation albums on both vinyl and CD such as; "The Moody Blues Collection". A later CD issue of "The Magnificent Moodies" in 2006 included the rare track "People Gotta Give" (mistitled as "People Gotta Go") - a Pinder-Laine composition from the "Boulevard De La Madeline" French EP release.
Film footage of the original era of The Moody Blues performing "Go Now" on BBC TV's "The Beat Room" (later included in BBC's "Sounds of The Sixties") plus first single's B-side "Lose Your Money (But Don't Lose Your Mind)" on "Ready Steady Go!" in August 1964 with Warwick and Laine in the line-up survives, and has been re-screened in recent years.
Warwick left the band and his music career in 1966, feeling the strain of endless touring, to become a carpenter and spend time with his family. He was replaced briefly by Rod Clark and then by John Lodge, who is still with the band.
He died in Birmingham of liver disease in 2004, at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="9653726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653726" title="Office of the Coordinator of Information">
Office of the Coordinator of Information

The Office of the Coordinator of Information was an intelligence and propaganda agency of the United States Government, founded on July 11, 1941 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, prior to U.S. involvement in the Second World War. It was intended to overcome the lack of coordination between existing agencies which, in part, it did by duplicating some of their functions.
Roosevelt was persuaded to create the office several months before the United States entered the war by prominent New York lawyer William J. Donovan, who had been dispatched to London by the president to assess the ability of the British to continue fighting after the French capitulation to German aggression, and by American playwright Robert Sherwood, who served as Roosevelt's primary speechwriter on foreign affairs. British officials, including John Godfrey of the British Naval Intelligence Division and William Stephenson, head of British Security Coordination in New York, also encouraged Roosevelt to create the agency.
Donovan's primary interests were military intelligence and covert operations. Sherwood handled the dissemination of domestic information and foreign propaganda. He recruited the noted radio producer John Houseman, who because of his Romanian birth at the time was technically an enemy alien, to develop an overseas radio program for broadcast to the Axis powers and the populations of the territories they had conquered, which became known as the Voice of America. The first broadcast, called in German "Stimmen aus Amerika" ("Voices from America") aired on Feb. 1, 1942, and included the pledge: "Today, and every day from now on, we will be with you from America to talk about the war. . . . The news may be good or bad for us -- We will always tell you the truth."
Donovan's desire to use propaganda for tactical military purposes and Sherwood's emphasis on what later became known as public diplomacy were a continuing source of conflict between the two men On June 13, 1942, Roosevelt split the functions and created two new agencies: the Office of Strategic Services, a predecessor of the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Office of War Information, a predecessor of the United States Information Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="9653737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653737" title="Frances Temple">
Frances Temple

Frances Temple (August 15, 1945 – July 5, 1995) was a primary school teacher, a writer of award-winning children's stories and young adult novels and an illustrator. She was born August 15, 1945 in Washington, District of Columbia. She grew up in Virginia, France, and Vietnam. She died July 5, 1995 from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="9653746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653746" title="Resaw">
Resaw

A resaw is a large band saw optimized for cutting timber along the grain to reduce larger sections into smaller sections or veneers. Resawing veneers requires a wide blade - commonly 2" to 3" (52 - 78 mm) - with a small kerf to minimize waste. Resaw blades of up to 1" (26 mm) may be fitted to a standard band saw. Many small & medium sized sawmills use 1"-1-1/2" band saw blades. Manufacturers of these blades are Wood-Mizer, Dakin-Flathers, Lenox Saw, Edge Manufacturing & Munkforsagar.
Timber mills use larger resaws to rip large planks into smaller sizes. A typical mill sized resaw is eight inches wide and made with 16 gauge steel. Resaw blades can be identified by their straight back, as opposed to headsaws and doublecut blades which have notched or toothed backs.

</doc>
<doc id="9653748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653748" title="Jules Chevalier">
Jules Chevalier

Blessed Jules Chevalier (March 15, 1824 – October 21, 1907) was a French Roman Catholic priest and founder of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart and Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Roman Catholic religious institutes, and the inspiration for the members of the Chevalier Family.
Born in Richelieu, French, he was initially apprenticed as a shoemaker at age 12 after he was told his parents could not afford to sent him to the seminary. He was later able to join the seminary, after his father's boss sponsored him and at the age of 30 was sent to the parish of Issoudun. In 1854 he founded the religious institute of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart, and in 1874 the Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart.
References.
Jules chevalier died on October 21, 1907
Jules chevalier was born March 15, 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="9653767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653767" title="I Don't Hate Las Vegas Anymore">
I Don't Hate Las Vegas Anymore

"I Don't Hate Las Vegas Anymore" is a 1994 documentary directed by Caveh Zahedi.
Plot.
The film follows Caveh Zahedi on a road trip to Las Vegas with his father and half-brother in an attempt to prove the existence of God. He suggests that if God exists, and if God is indeed omniscient, omnipotent and omnibenevolent, then all the filmmaker has to do is roll the camera and let God direct the movie. In an attempt "to force God's hand" and change the direction of the film, Zahedi tries persuade his father and half-brother to take Ecstasy with him. When they refuse, things quickly start to unravel.
Release and reception.
The film won the Critics' Award at the Rotterdam Film Festival, and was distributed on home video by World Artists. The film has not been issued on DVD, and is currently only available on VHS through Zahedi's official website.

</doc>
<doc id="9653770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653770" title="We're Not Married!">
We're Not Married!

"We're Not Married!" (1952) is an American romantic comedy film released by 20th Century Fox. The featured was directed by Edmund Goulding. The story is from Gina Kaus's and Jay Dratler's unpublished work "If I Could Remarry".
The film starred Victor Moore, Ginger Rogers, Fred Allen, Marilyn Monroe, David Wayne, Eve Arden, Paul Douglas, Eddie Bracken, and Mitzi Gaynor. Co-stars included Louis Calhern, Zsa Zsa Gabor, James Gleason, Paul Stewart, and Jane Darwell.
Plot.
When elderly Mr. Bush (Victor Moore) is appointed justice of the peace, he starts marrying couples on Christmas Eve. However, his appointment isn't valid until the first of January. Two years later, this issue becomes known when one of the six couples he married files divorce. To avoid a bigger scandal, the remaining five couples are informed that they are not really married. The film then shows how the couples react on the news:
In the end, all but Couple #4 get remarried.
A sixth segment, starring Hope Emerson and Walter Brennan as an Ozark backwoods unmarried couple, was deleted before the film's release.

</doc>
<doc id="9653775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653775" title="Semimartingale">
Semimartingale

In probability theory, a real valued process "X" is called a semimartingale if it can be decomposed as the sum of a local martingale and an adapted finite-variation process.
Semimartingales are "good integrators", forming the largest class of processes with respect to which the Itō integral and the Stratonovich integral can be defined.
The class of semimartingales is quite large (including, for example, all continuously differentiable processes, Brownian motion and Poisson processes). Submartingales and supermartingales together represent a subset of the semimartingales.
Definition.
A real valued process "X" defined on the filtered probability space (Ω,"F",("F""t")"t" ≥ 0,P) is called a semimartingale if it can be decomposed as
where "M" is a local martingale and "A" is a càdlàg adapted process of locally bounded variation.
An R"n"-valued process "X" = ("X"1,…,"X""n") is a semimartingale if each of its components "X""i" is a semimartingale.
Alternative definition.
First, the simple predictable processes are defined to be linear combinations of processes of the form "H""t" = "A"1{"t" > "T"} for stopping times "T" and "F""T" -measurable random variables "A". The integral "H" · "X" for any such simple predictable process "H" and real valued process "X" is
This is extended to all simple predictable processes by the linearity of "H" · "X" in "H".
A real valued process "X" is a semimartingale if it is càdlàg, adapted, and for every "t" ≥ 0,
is bounded in probability. The Bichteler-Dellacherie Theorem states that these two definitions are equivalent .
Examples.
Although most continuous and adapted processes studied in the literature are semimartingales, this is not always the case.
Semimartingale decompositions.
By definition, every semimartingale is a sum of a local martingale and a finite variation process. However, this decomposition is not unique.
Continuous semimartingales.
A continuous semimartingale uniquely decomposes as "X" = "M" + "A" where "M" is a continuous local martingale and "A" is a continuous finite variation process starting at zero. 
For example, if "X" is an Itō process satisfying the stochastic differential equation d"X"t = σt d"W"t + "b"t dt, then
Special semimartingales.
A special semimartingale is a real valued process "X" with the decomposition "X" = "M" + "A", where "M" is a local martingale and "A" is a predictable finite variation process starting at zero. If this decomposition exists, then it is unique up to a P-null set.
Every special semimartingale is a semimartingale. Conversely, a semimartingale is a special semimartingale if and only if the process "X"t* ≡ sup"s" ≤ "t" |X"s"| is locally integrable .
For example, every continuous semimartingale is a special semimartingale, in which case "M" and "A" are both continuous processes.
Purely discontinuous semimartingales.
A semimartingale is called purely discontinuous if its quadratic variation ["X"] is a pure jump process,
Every adapted finite variation process is a purely discontinuous semimartingale. A continuous process is a purely discontinuous semimartingale if and only if it is an adapted finite variation process.
Then, every semimartingale has the unique decomposition "X" = "M" + "A" where "M" is a continuous local martingale and "A" is a purely discontinuous semimartingale starting at zero. The local martingale "M" - "M"0 is called the continuous martingale part of "X", and written as "X"c (; ).
In particular, if "X" is continuous, then "M" and "A" are continuous.
Semimartingales on a manifold.
The concept of semimartingales, and the associated theory of stochastic calculus, extends to processes taking values in a differentiable manifold. A process "X" on the manifold "M" is a semimartingale if "f"("X") is a semimartingale for every smooth function "f" from "M" to R. Stochastic calculus for semimartingales on general manifolds requires the use of the Stratonovich integral.

</doc>
<doc id="9653782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653782" title="Yuzhno-Sukhokumsk">
Yuzhno-Sukhokumsk

Yuzhno-Sukhokumsk () is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located on the Sukhaya Kuma River, northwest of Makhachkala. Population: 
History.
It was granted urban-type settlement status in 1963 and town status in 1988.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated as the Town of Yuzhno-Sukhokumsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the Town of Yuzhno-Sukhokumsk is incorporated as Yuzhno-Sukhokumsk Urban Okrug.
Demographics.
Ethnic groups (2002 census):

</doc>
<doc id="9653797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653797" title="Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees">
Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees

The Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees (also known as the New York Protocol) entered into force on 4 October 1967. 146 countries are parties to the Protocol.
Where the United Nations 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees had restricted refugee status to those whose circumstances had come about "as a result of events occurring before 1 January 1951", as well as giving States party to the Convention the option of interpreting this as "events occurring in Europe" or "events occurring in Europe or elsewhere", the 1967 Protocol removed both the temporal and geographic restrictions. However, it also gave those States which had previously ratified the 1951 Convention and chosen to use the geographically restricted definition the option to retain that restriction.
The English text is at Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees of 31 January 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9653800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653800" title="Ska 'n' B">
Ska 'n' B

"Ska'n'B" is the first album by Bad Manners from the year 1980. It reached number 34 on the UK album chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9653804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653804" title="Steve Davis (quarterback)">
Steve Davis (quarterback)

Steve Davis (November 19, 1952 - March 17, 2013) was a quarterback for the Oklahoma Sooners from 1972–1976. He was named the Most Valuable Player of the 1976 Orange Bowl, when the Sooners won their 5th National Championship. Davis led the Sooners to a 32–1–1 record as their starting quarterback, and holds the NCAA record for winning percentage in that position. With Davis at the helm the Sooners won the National Championship in 1974 and 1975.
Davis was also a color commentator for CBS Sports college football telecasts in the 1980s. 
Davis was born on Barksdale Air Force Base in Bossier City, Louisiana but was raised in Sallisaw, Oklahoma. Later in life a born again Christian, he featured as a speaker giving his Christian testimony. Davis died on March 17, 2013 when the small jet he was a passenger in crashed in South Bend, Indiana. 

</doc>
<doc id="9653808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653808" title="Yahoo! Local">
Yahoo! Local

Yahoo! Local is a Yahoo! service to find local businesses and services and view the results on a map. Refine and sort results by distance, topic, or other factors. Read ratings and reviews. Uses hCalendar and hCard microformats, so that event and contact details can be downloaded directly into calendar and address-book applications.

</doc>
<doc id="9653830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653830" title="Shelly Silver">
Shelly Silver

Shelly Silver (born 1957 in Brooklyn, NY) is an American artist who works with film, video, and photography. Her art has been exhibited and broadcast widely throughout the U.S., Europe and Asia. She is Associate Professor of Visual Arts at Columbia University School of the Arts.
Biography.
Silver attended Cornell University, graduating in 1980 with a B.A. in Intellectual History, and a B.F.A. in Mixed Media and subsequently attended the Whitney Museum of American Art Independent Studio Program. She has worked as a commercial video editor. In the 1990s, she lived in Germany, France, and Japan. 
Silver has taught video art at the German Film and Television Academy, the New York University Tisch School of the Arts, The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, and presently at Columbia University. She has received awards and fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation, the NEA, NYSCA, NYFA, the DAAD, the Jerome Foundation, the Japan Foundation and Anonymous was a Woman. She currently lives in New York City.
Art.
Using a mixture of fiction, documentary, and experimental genres, Silver’s work investigates questions of cultural identity. She often experiments with perspective, exploring the power dynamics that exist between filmmakers and their subjects. Her role as a traveler and an outsider inspired the works she made abroad, such as "Former East/Former West" (1994) and "37 Stories About Leaving Home" (1996). Her recent work centers on New York’s Chinatown.
Meet the People (1986).
The film consists of testimonials from fourteen individuals representing average New Yorkers talking about their daily lives. The film mimics the documentary genre, but at the end of the film, the credits reveal that all fourteen subjects are actors reading from a script written by Silver. 
Former East/Former West (1994).
Consisting of hundreds of street interviews done in Berlin two years after the Reunification, this documentary is a portrait of citizen attitudes about what it means to be German at that particular moment in history.
37 Stories About Leaving Home (1996).
Silver blends interviews with Japanese women describing their lives with a folktale of a young woman who is stolen by an Oni who is later saved by her mother.
small lies, Big Truth (1999).
In this work Silver pairs audio of narrators (four couples) reading the testimonials of Monica Lewinsky and President Bill Clinton as published in the Starr Report with found footage of zoo animals.
suicide (2003).
This feature-length fictional film follows a filmmaker through malls, airports, and train stations in Central America, Asia, and Europe as she searches for a reason to live. The role of the filmmaker is played by Silver herself.
What I’m Looking For (2004).
A series of photographs representing the results of a request posted to an online dating service: "“I'm looking for people who would like to be photographed in public revealing something of themselves...”"
TOUCH (2013).
Silver constructs the fictional story of a gay man who has returned to New York after fifty years to care for his dying mother. The narration of the film is an essay told from the man’s point of a view, an amalgam of research and interviews.
Exhibitions.
Silver’s art has been exhibited in venues such as the Museum of Modern Art, the International Center of Photography, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, the Yokohama Museum of Art, the Pompidou Centre, the Kyoto National Museum, the Institute of Contemporary Arts, the Museo Reina Sofia, and the London, Singapore, New York, Moscow, and Berlin film festivals. Her work has been broadcast on BBC/England, PBS/USA, Arte, Planete/Europe, RTÉ/Ireland, SWR/Germany, and Atenor/Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9653832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653832" title="Loonee Tunes!">
Loonee Tunes!

Loonee Tunes! is the second album by Bad Manners, from the year 1980. In keeping with the format of their first album, the first track is an instrumental. It reached number 36 on the UK album chart. The album opens with "Echo 4-2" which became the band's introduction number at all live gigs.

</doc>
<doc id="9653859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653859" title="The Waterwise Project">
The Waterwise Project

The Waterwise Project is an independent not-for-profit, non-governmental organization promoting water efficiency and conservation based in London, UK.
The organization is focused on decreasing water consumption in the UK by 2010 and on building a robust evidence base for large-scale water efficiency projects. Waterwise is the UK’s water “efficiency champion” – “reaching the parts others cannot reach, and transformthe concept of water resource efficiency into something compelling for consumers and business users.”
Founding and aims.
Waterwise was established due to concerns of waters shortage and the upward trend in how much water is consumed in the UK. Factors that were taken into account were: current drought situation, geographical and climatological circumstances, consumer tendencies, available resources, and future prospects of supply. The following examples, situations, and comparisons were contemplated:
In 2006, all 26 UK water companies decided to establish an independent organisation which would promote water efficiency. In September 2006, The Waterwise Project was launched to build an evidence base and economic case for water efficiency in the UK. In England, the organisation sits on the Environment Minister’s Water Saving Group, alongside the water industry and regulators.It was established with the stance that the key to water efficiency is reducing waste, not restricting use. 
Waterwise has an independent Board, which is drawn from the government, regulators, academia, business, other organisations, and from the water industry. The board meets four times a year and is responsible for overseeing Waterwise’s activities and its strategic direction.
Waterwise's initial remit ran until September 2010. It has been renewed for an additional five years. Its aim is to decrease per capita consumption in the UK, and to build a strong social, political, and economic case for water efficiency.
Audience and partners.
Waterwise works with all sectors of society to promote water efficiency and the wise use of water. To achieve their aims they work with key partners in water companies, governments (local, regional, and national), regulators, farmers, communities, businesses, civil society organisations, manufacturers, retailers, press and media, and individual consumers.
Activities and events.
Waterwise participates in and leads various projects and events in order to complete their objectives:

</doc>
<doc id="9653864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653864" title="Muffin Wax">
Muffin Wax

Muffin Wax is an organic surf wax made from hemp oil, tree resin, bees wax and one other secret ingredient. It is 
packaged in muffin cases and subsequently was named 'Muffin Wax'. As a result of the packaging, ridges are formed and are claimed to help in application.
History.
The product was created by 'Timeless,' a Young Enterprise company formed from a group of 15-16 year olds attending Newquay Tretherras 
School in Newquay, Cornwall. Throughout the young enterprise year they won a number of awards leading up to the UK finals at the Savoy Hotel in London which they won and went to represent the UK in Interlaken Switzerland. The company has since changed their name simply to 'Muffin Wax' and became a trading company no longer part of Young Enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="9653880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653880" title="Gosh It's... Bad Manners">
Gosh It's... Bad Manners

"Gosh It's... Bad Manners" is the third album by Bad Manners from the year 1981 and their most popular and successful album, peaking at number 18 on the UK album chart. The band had originally formed in 1976 while the members were together at Woodberry Down Comprehensive School, North London. They commemorated the 1981 closure of the school on the back sleeve of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9653893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653893" title="FiXeR (Download (band) album)">
FiXeR (Download (band) album)

Fixer (Styled as FiXeR) is the sixth studio LP by the electronic group Download. It is the first full-length album featuring all new material, since 2000's "Effector". It is also notable for featuring an appearance from former band member, Mark Spybey, who left the band after touring in support of 1996's "The Eyes of Stanley Pain".
Initially given a limited release of 1000 copies as part of Subconscious Communications' "From The Vault II" series, "Fixer" eventually sold out and, in 2011, was given a second pressing and a wider release through Metropolis Records. This new pressing is fundamentally the same as the first, with the exception of different album art.
During the production of this album, demos were posted on the group's MySpace account under various working titles including: "Gos", "Asspipe", "PE", "Heavy", "Pig & Turkey", "V Steak" and "Dirty".

</doc>
<doc id="9653928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653928" title="Squaw Valley Academy">
Squaw Valley Academy

Squaw Valley Academy is an international, college-prep boarding school located in Olympic Valley, California near Lake Tahoe. Squaw Valley Academy offers rigorous academics coupled with outdoor sports and activities, to give students the foundations for academic and personal success. SVA is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and uses the approved high school curriculum provided by the University of California. Squaw Valley Academy graduates earn 100% College Acceptance.
About Squaw Valley Academy and the Area.
Squaw Valley Academy was founded in 1978, by Donald Rees, who also founded the Yosemite Institute in Yosemite National Park, and the Headlands Institute in the Marin Headlands near Sausalito, California. For over thirty years, Squaw Valley Academy has been a staple at Lake Tahoe and has enrolled students from all over the world.
The school is located on 2.8 acres and has five on-campus buildings, four of which students have access. Three buildings have ground level classrooms and offices, while the second and third levels are dormitory rooms. The fourth is the administrative building, with offices and the Dining Hall on the ground level, and offices and classrooms on the second level. The fifth building, located at the rear of the property is the Maintenance building. Adjacent to the school is a county-owned recreational park, which includes a full-size AstroTurf soccer field, children's playground, tennis courts and picnic area.
Located less than two miles from the school's campus is world-renown ski resort, Squaw Valley Ski Resort, home of the 1960 Winter Olympics.
Located less than five miles from the campus is another, smaller resort, Alpine Meadows (ski resort).
Located less than ten miles from the campus is Lake Tahoe.
School Mission.
"We challenge with rigorous academics; we support with consistent behavioral standards; we train in life-long sports."
Academics.
The Academy's primary focus is on college-preparation for coed high school students. SVA uses the approved high school (a-g) curriculum provided by the University of California and is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
SVA provides students with rigorous academics as well as Advanced Placement (AP) Courses, ESL for international students, an Academic Learning Center for struggling students, college counseling throughout the whole college application process, and SAT Prep. SVA is also a Certified SAT Testing Location. Students enjoy breakfast before attending morning classes Monday through Friday, eat lunch, and depart campus for supervised afternoon activities. Students return to campus for dinner, and after a brief rest, they gather for mandatory, two-hour Study Hall, Sunday through Thursday nights. Students use Study Hall to finish their coursework from the day, prepare for the coming class the following day, write and research reports, and gain further instruction on course topics from teachers.
Graduates of Squaw Valley Academy maintain 100% College Acceptance.
Athletics.
Squaw Valley Academy offers a wide range of sports for students of all enjoyment levels. Students may enjoy the thrill of competition through our intramural Soccer, Basketball, and Ice Hockey teams. Our school mascot is the Brown Bear. Students who wish to compete on a recreational level may enjoy other athletics during the spring, summer, and fall seasons including: Tennis, Golf, Disc golf, Ultimate (sport), Field Hockey, Road Cycling, Mountain Biking, Skateboarding, Rock Climbing, Hiking, Horseback Riding, Rafting, Kayaking, and dry-land training for competitive ski & snowboard racers.
Due to the location of Squaw Valley Academy, students who meet or exceed our Academic Standards, may ski or snowboard daily at Squaw Valley USA ski resort. Announced in September 2011 Squaw Valley Ski Resort and Alpine Meadows (ski resort), came to an agreement to merge mountain access to their customers. Ticket holders may now choose two ski resorts to ski or snowboard, and Squaw Valley Academy students now have access to two amazing ski resorts located less than ten minutes away from campus. Squaw Valley Academy encourages students to "ride" (ski or snowboard) at the resort of their choice, and Squaw Valley Academy makes arrangements to transport and supervise students while they enjoy skiing or snowboarding. Students return to campus following skiing or snowboarding to enjoy dinner and prepare for their mandatory, evening study hall, Sunday through Thursday nights (after dinner).
Many students find that continuous skiing or snowboarding may become monotonous and Squaw Valley Academy offers a variety of alternative activities and sports such as Yoga, Weight training, trips to a local Health center, and Opportunity Study Hall. Squaw Valley Academy accommodates most student needs and will work with the student to find an appropriate and enjoyable alternative to skiing or snowboarding.
Squaw Valley Academy requires students to be safe in all circumstances, especially extreme sports. Students may not enjoy many activities such as mountain biking, skateboarding, rock climbing, skiing, snowboarding, or any other hazardous sport, without the proper safety equipment, including a helmet. Students who do not follow safety procedure will be re-instructed to follow our safety procedure or will not be able to participate in the sport or activity until they do so.

</doc>
<doc id="9653934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653934" title="BA CityFlyer">
BA CityFlyer

BA CityFlyer is a wholly owned subsidiary airline of British Airways based in Didsbury, Manchester, England. It operates a network of domestic and European services from London City Airport. All services operate with BA's full colours, titles, and flight numbers.
BA Cityflyer Limited holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence, it is permitted to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.
History.
British Airways' sale of BA Connect to Flybe in 2007 did not include the London City Airport operation and its associated fleet of ten Avro RJ100 regional jet aircraft. This led to BA's decision to resurrect erstwhile Gatwick-based CityFlyer Express, which it had integrated into its Gatwick mainline short-haul operation in 2001 following that airline's acquisition in 1999, as a new wholly owned subsidiary to take over this operation as of March 2007. BA CityFlyer was awarded an Air Operators Certificate on 8 February 2007 and started operations on 25 March 2007.
Fleet.
As of June 2014, the BA CityFlyer fleet consists of the following aircraft:
Prior to 2009, BA CityFlyer operated a fleet of Avro RJ85 and Avro RJ100 aircraft. In December 2008 the airline signed a contract with Embraer to modernise the fleet with an order for 11 E-Jet aircraft, comprising 6 Embraer E-170s and 5 Embraer E-190s, deliveries of which commenced in September 2009. On 14 July 2010, BA CityFlyer operated the last revenue sector with an RJ85.
In addition to the main fleet, Eastern Airways also operate two Saab 2000 for BA Cityflyer on a wet-lease arrangement.
Statistics.
BA Cityflyer carried nearly 1.4 million passengers during 2013, a 15.8% increase since 2012 and a record total for the airline.
Accidents and incidents.
On 13 February 2009, BA CityFlyer Flight 8456, an Avro RJ100, registered G-BXAR, flying from Amsterdam suffered a nose-gear collapse whilst landing at London City Airport. None of the 67  passengers or 5 crew members were seriously injured in the incident, but 2 passengers were sent to hospital, one of whom suffered minor injuries. After a normal approach and touchdown, the nose landing gear fractured due to the presence of a fatigue crack in the upper internal bore of the landing gear main fitting. The crack had formed as a result of poor surface finish during manufacture and the incomplete embodiment of a manufacturer's service bulletin which the landing gear maintenance records showed as being implemented at its last overhaul in June 2006. The aircraft was damaged beyond economic repair and was written off by insurers in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9653942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653942" title="Forging Ahead">
Forging Ahead

Forging Ahead is the fourth album by Bad Manners from the year 1982. It was the group's last album on Magnet Records. The picture sleeve to the right, is of the American edition of the album that was released two years later in 1984, with a slightly different track list to the official UK issue.

</doc>
<doc id="9653949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653949" title="In the Bathtub of the World">
In the Bathtub of the World

In the Bathtub of the World is a video diary directed by Caveh Zahedi. It covers a year in Zahedi's life. The film was released in 2001.
The director's idea was to shoot one minute each day and edit the footage down to ninety minutes.
The film aired on the Independent Film Channel, and was released on DVD by World Artists.
The film is currently unavailable, but IFC Films is planning a re-release in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9653952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653952" title="Arena Football (1988 video game)">
Arena Football (1988 video game)

Arena Football is a 1988 Commodore 64 computer game coded by Chris R. Bickford III. It is essentially the first Arena or Indoor Football game ever created. It is a simple text-based simulation that allows the user to pick a play for his team (on defense or offense) and the computer simulates the results of the play based on real-life data and tendencies of the actual team.

</doc>
<doc id="9653953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653953" title="Shamkhal">
Shamkhal

Shamkhal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9653967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653967" title="Ruzayevka">
Ruzayevka

Ruzayevka (; ) is a town in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, located on the Insar River, southwest of Saransk. Population: 
History.
It was established in 1631 and granted town status in 1937.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Ruzayevka serves as the administrative center of Ruzayevsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the town of republic significance of Ruzayevka—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of republic significance of Ruzayevka is incorporated within Ruzayevsky Municipal District as Ruzayevka Urban Settlement
Symbol of the city.
The symbol of the city is the locomotive Cuckoo placed at locomotive depot in memory of events of December in 1905 when Ruzayevka became one of the centers of revolutionary movement.
Economy.
Ruzayevka is the second biggest industrial center of the republic after Saransk. Primary branches of the industry are mechanical engineering ("Ruzkhimmash"), vacuum tube mechanical engineering, instrumentation, food processing, and railway transportation.
Transportation.
The town is a large railway hub of the Kuybyshev Railway.
Museums.
There are several museums in Ruzayevka:
Education.
There are nine secondary schools, five children's schools of arts, an orphanage, five vocational schools, and Ruzayevsky Institute of Mechanical Engineering of Mordovian State University in Ruzayevka.
Health care.
There are several hospitals in Ruzayevka, including Ruzayevsky Central Regional Hospital and Ruzayevka's Railway Central Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="9653969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653969" title="Negasonic Teenage Warhead (song)">
Negasonic Teenage Warhead (song)

"Negasonic Teenage Warhead" is the second track on Monster Magnet's 1995 album, "Dopes to Infinity". It became the band's first successful single.
History.
"Negasonic Teenage Warhead" was the first song recorded by Monster Magnet after the release of their previous album "Superjudge" because a five minute version of it had to appear in the 1994 movie "S.F.W.". The version of the song which appeared at the album was recorded at the The Magic Shop, in New York City. It was released in its album, "Dopes to Infinity", and as a single, the first one of the album, (with a version of 4:23 minutes) in 1995. The song would become the band's first hit single, garnering moderate play on modern rock radio and MTV. The 1999 Japanese reissue of "Dopes to Infinity" includes a live version of the song.
Albums where it has been featured.
The track was later included on the two Monster Magnet's greatest hits albums: "Greatest Hits" and "20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Monster Magnet". It was also featured in a CD which includes an interview to Dave Wyndorf by Sean Yseult. "S.F.W."'s soundtrack album also has the song. The compilation album "Unstoppable 90's: Alternative" also featured the song.
Title and meaning of the lyrics.
According to Dave Wyndorf, the writer, he chose such a curious title for the song because it deals with those rock stars who, from his point of view, always seem to be negative (hence the word "negasonic" in the title) and apparently hate being what they are; more specifically, grunge musicians. He wanted to show with the song that he doesn't like artists whose lyrics always deal with depression, unhappiness, and such things. However, he doesn't see the song as a manifesto.
Video.
The video of the song, which featured the work of director Gore Verbinski and film editor Craig Wood shows all members of Monster Magnet performing ordinary activities on asteroids while they are being watched by an enormous woman. As the clip goes on, the members of the band begin trashing the things on their asteroids, whose stability begins to wane. Then, Dave Wyndorf is shown moving his hands around the Earth. At the end all members are seen riding a car through space.
It was featured on MTV's "Beavis & Butt-head" and was included on the first volume of the three-DVD sets called . The single for "I Talk to Planets" features it as well.
Single.
The song had several releases as a single. A live version of the song was also released as a B-side for "Dead Christmas".
Chart performance.
Released during the era of grunge, when Monster Magnet's retro-rock style was highly unfashionable, the song didn't attract enough attention of radio stations so it was only a moderate hit. It charted in the United States.
References in pop culture.
The X-Men character who shares a name with this song was most likely named after this song because it was created in 2001 and its creator, Grant Morrison, has admitted being indebted to Monster Magnet.

</doc>
<doc id="9653976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653976" title="North Northumberland (UK Parliament constituency)">
North Northumberland (UK Parliament constituency)

North Northumberland was a County constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was represented by two Members of Parliament. The constituency was created by the Great Reform Act of 1832 by the splitting of Northumberland constituency into North and South divisions.
The constituency was abolished by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, being divided into single member divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="9653977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653977" title="Juan Tafures">
Juan Tafures

Juan Tafures or Tafurer (died after 1477) was a Catalan adventurer in the mid fifteenth century. 
Owner of a merchant ship, Juan landed at Larnaca in Cyprus in July 1457 when James de Lusignan, bastard son of John II of Cyprus and Archbishop of Nicosia, was fleeing his father, for he had murdered the royal Chamberlain. Juan gave him ship to Rhodes. Juan then joined in with him, now deprived of the archbishopric, in his fight against Charlotte for the throne of Cyprus. They reconquered the island by September 1460. 
An intimate of the new king, James became master of the royal household and captain of Famagusta. In 1469, James named him Count of Tripoli, a titular dignity, since Tripoly had long lain in Turkish hands. It was with this latter title that he appears in 1473 executing the will of the king. 
Under the reign of James' successor, Catherine, Juan violently led the opposition to Venice. He managed to escape their grasp, but his family was carted off to Venice (1477). After that date, he is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9653987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9653987" title="Jaqueline Negron">
Jaqueline Negron

Jaqueline (Jackie) Negrón (born September 27, 1989 in Newark, New Jersey to parents, Francisco Negrón Santos and Zaida González) is an up-and-coming singer of Puerto Rican descent. Her styles include blends of pop, R&B, hip-hop, and reggaetón. Siblings include David Negrón, and salsa superstar, Frankie Negrón. She is currently registered as a composer/performer at ASCAP.
Jaqueline began her career very early, when at the age of four, she won a place in New Jersey's 1994 Puerto Rican Statewide Parade. Once her family relocated to Miami, Florida, she immediately joined with MDA Studios and has been working non-stop since then. She makes regular appearances on the most popular internationally viewed show in the United States and Latin America, Univision Network's Sabado Gigante, as well as appearances throughout US cities and international venues in the Dominican Republic and her parents' homeland of Puerto Rico.
In 2001, Jaqueline Negrón was honored with the Platinum Award for her vocal ability in the nationally recognized Star Power [http://www.starpowertalent.com/] competition. Her performance at Miami's American Airlines Arena in "El Concierto del Amor" that same summer solidified her reputation as a star on the rise in the music industry.
Works done include background vocals for many international recording artists at the Kike Santander Studios in Miami. She has also had the opportunity to showcase her multiple talents with singing, dancing, and acting before live audiences as part of the musical "Broadway: A Kid's Review", presented by the famous TropiGala in Miami and the Apollo Showtime Kids. Having been named a finalist on "Showtime in Harlem" Kids Finals, Jaqueline won an all-expenses paid trip to New York City in January 2003 to perform live. Later on that same year, in July 2003, she was also invited to perform on a “Young Stars of Miami Tour” in Buenos Aires, Argentina, sponsored and coordinated by Argentina’s Teatro Premier. In March 2004, Coca-Cola sponsored Jaqueline to perform at the largest Latin American music festival in the world: Miami, Florida's Calle Ocho Festival. Her highest recognition happened recently when she was invited to the Estefan Studios by Emilio Estefan himself, to help record “El Ultimo Adios”, a song written in memory of those lost in the September 11th terrorist attacks. She also was fortunate enough to appear in Sabado Gigante's "Estrellas del Futuro".

</doc>
<doc id="9654017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654017" title="Thomas Whitehead">
Thomas Whitehead

Thomas Whitehead (December 27, 1825 – July 1, 1901) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer, editor and merchant from Virginia.
Biography.
Born in Lovingston, Virginia, Whitehead received a limited education as a child, later engaged in mercantile pursuits, studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1849, commencing practice in Amherst, Virginia. During the Civil War, he served in the Confederate Army as captain of Company E, 2nd Virginia Cavalry from 1861 to 1865. Afterwards, he was elected to the Virginia Senate, but Reconstruction prevented him from taking seat. Whitehead was elected prosecuting attorney for Amherst County, Virginia in 1866 and again in 1869, resigning in 1873. He was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1872, serving from 1873 to 1875 and afterwards was editor of the "Lynchburg News" in 1876 and of the "Lynchburg Advance" in 1880. Whitehead resumed practicing law and was elected commissioner of agriculture for Virginia in 1888, serving until his death on July 1, 1901 near Lynchburg, Virginia. He was interned in Spring Hill Cemetery in Lynchburg.
Electoral history.
1872; Whitehead was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives with 51.40% of the vote, defeating Independent J. Foote Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="9654047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654047" title="Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases Information Service">
Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases Information Service

The Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases Information Service is an information dissemination service of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK). The NIDDK is part of the National Institutes of Health, which is part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases Information Service is a part of the NIDDK's Division of Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Metabolic Diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="9654071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654071" title="Visual Build">
Visual Build

Visual Build is GUI software for Windows that enables software developers and build masters to create an automated, repeatable process for software builds. It has built-in support for integrating various development tools into the build process. Projects are stored as XML to facilitate storage in version control systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9654085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654085" title="Phred quality score">
Phred quality score

Phred quality scores were originally developed by the program Phred to help in the automation of DNA sequencing in the Human Genome Project. Phred quality scores are assigned to each nucleotide base call in automated sequencer traces. Phred quality scores have become widely accepted to characterize the quality of DNA sequences, and can be used to compare the efficacy of different sequencing methods. Perhaps the most important use of Phred quality scores is the automatic determination of accurate, quality-based consensus sequences.
Definition.
Phred quality scores formula_1 are defined as a property which is logarithmically related to the base-calling error probabilities formula_2.
formula_3
or
formula_4
For example, if Phred assigns a quality score of 30 to a base, the chances that this base is called incorrectly are 1 in 1000. The most commonly used method is to count the bases with a quality score of 20 and above. The high accuracy of Phred quality scores make them an ideal tool to assess the quality of sequences. 
The phred quality score is the negative ratio of the error probability to the reference level of formula_5 expressed in Decibel (dB).
History.
The idea of sequence quality scores can be traced back to the original description of the SCF file format by Staden's group in 1992. In 1995, Bonfield and Staden proposed a method to use base-specific quality scores to improve the accuracy of consensus sequences in DNA sequencing projects.
However, early attempts to develop base-specific quality scores had only limited success.
The first program to develop accurate and powerful base-specific quality scores was the program Phred. Phred was able to calculate highly accurate quality scores that were logarithmically linked to the error probabilities. Phred was quickly adapted by all major genome sequencing centers and many other laboratories; the vast majority of the DNA sequences produced during the Human Genome Project were processed with Phred.
After Phred quality scores had become a required standard in DNA sequencing, other manufacturers of DNA sequencing instruments developed similar quality scoring methods for their base calling software, including Li-Cor and ABI.
Methods.
Phred's approach to base calling and calculating quality scores was outlined by Ewing "et al.". To determine quality scores, Phred first calculates several parameters related to peak shape and peak resolution at each base. Phred then uses these parameters to look up a corresponding quality score in huge lookup tables. These lookup tables were generated from sequence traces where the correct sequence was known, and are hard coded in Phred; different lookup tables are used for different sequencing chemistries and machines. An evaluation of the accuracy of Phred quality scores for a number of variations in sequencing chemistry and instrumentation showed that Phred quality scores are highly accurate.
Phred was originally developed for "slab gel" sequencing machines like the ABI373. When originally developed, Phred had a lower base calling error rate than the manufacturer's base calling software, which also did not provide quality scores. However, Phred was only partially adapted to the capillary DNA sequencers that became popular later. In contrast, instrument manufacturers like ABI continued to adapt their base calling software changes in sequencing chemistry, and have included the ability to create Phred-like quality scores. Therefore, the need to use Phred for base calling of DNA sequencing traces has diminished, and using the manufacturer's current software versions can often give more accurate results.
Applications.
Phred quality scores are used for:
Originally, Phred quality scores were primarily used by the sequence assembly program Phrap. Phrap was routinely used in some of the largest sequencing projects in the Human Genome Sequencing Project and is currently one of the most widely used DNA sequence assembly programs in the biotech industry. Phrap uses Phred quality scores to determine highly accurate consensus sequences and to estimate the quality of the consensus sequences. Phrap also uses Phred quality scores to estimate whether discrepancies between two overlapping sequences are more likely to arise from random errors, or from different copies of a repeated sequence.
Within the Human Genome Project, the most important use of Phred quality scores was for automatic determination of consensus sequences. Before Phred and Phrap, scientists had to carefully look at discrepancies between overlapping DNA fragments; often, this involved manual determination of the highest-quality sequence, and manual editing of any errors. Phrap's use of Phred quality scores effectively automated finding the highest-quality consensus sequence; in most cases, this completely circumvents the need for any manual editing. As a result, the estimated error rate in assemblies that were created automatically with Phred and Phrap is typically substantially lower than the error rate of manually edited sequence.
In 2009, many commonly used software packages make use of Phred quality scores, albeit to a different extent. Some programs like Sequencher use quality scores only for display and end clipping, but not for consensus determination; other programs like CodonCode Aligner also implement quality-based consensus methods.
Compression.
Quality scores are normally stored together with the nucleotide sequence in the widely accepted FASTQ format. They account for about half of the required disk space in the FASTQ format (before compression), and therefore the compression of the quality values can significantly reduce storage requirements and speed up analysis and transmission of sequencing data. Both lossless and lossy compression are recently being considered in the literature. For example, the algorithm QualComp performs lossy compression with a rate (number of bits per quality value) specified by the user. Based on rate-distortion theory results, it allocates the number of bits so as to minimize the MSE (mean squared error) between the original (uncompressed) and the reconstructed (after compression) quality values. Other algorithms for compression of quality values include SCALCE and Fastqz. Both are lossless compression algorithms that provide an optional controlled lossy transformation approach. For example, SCALCE reduces the alphabet size based on the observation that “neighboring” quality values are similar in general.

</doc>
<doc id="9654086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654086" title="Joey Villaseñor">
Joey Villaseñor

Joey Simon Villaseñor (born October 17, 1975) is a Mexican American mixed martial arts fighter. He is a PRIDE Fighting Championships veteran, as well as a former King of the Cage Middleweight Champion. Villasenor has also fought in Showtime's EliteXC promotion, Strikeforce, DEEP, Shark Fights, BAMMA, and also took part in the PRIDE Welterweight Grand Prix. He currently trains at Greg Jackson's Submission Fighting. 
Background.
Villasenor was born in East Los Angeles and lived there for the first nine years of his life before moving to New Mexico in 1984. He graduated from Farmington High School but also attended West Mesa High School in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Villasenor was very athletic and in high school he played baseball, football, and participated in track and field. Villasenor first began watching UFC events when he was 17 or 18 years old, but thought that the fighting was brutal, although he wanted to learn self-defense. He began competing in martial arts when he was 19 years old, training in jiu-jitsu and boxing. He was a four-time Amateur Regional Boxing Champion with a 16-0 record, and 15 wins by KO. 
MMA career.
Villaseñor made his professional debut in April 1999. After fifteen consecutive wins, he finally made his PRIDE debut on June 4, 2006 against Japanese veteran, Ryo Chonan. Despite losing a decision, Villaseñor was brought back by the organization to fight UFC veteran Robbie Lawler at PRIDE 32. He lost via knockout only 22 seconds into the first round due to a flying knee. Since then, Villaseñor has signed with EliteXC. He defeated former UFC middleweight contender David Loiseau in EliteXC's first event, lost to Murilo Rua at the EliteXC co-promotion Strikeforce Shamrock vs. Baroni, and rebounded with a win over Riki Fukuda at . In his most recent fight, Villasenor scored an impressive knockout over Ryan Jensen at . On May, 31st, at EliteXC's Saturday Night Fights, Villaseñor won his bout against Phil Baroni. This bout can potentially be the elimination match for the EliteXC Middleweight Championship. It was recently announced that Villaseñor would receive a title shot in a rematch against Robbie Lawler on the scheduled November 8, 2008 EliteXC show. However ProElite canceled the show shortly after due to large amounts of debt. It is unknown whether his contract was one of the 42 purchased by Strikeforce in their acquisition of EliteXC assets.
Strikeforce.
Joey beat Evangelista Santos June 16 at by split decision.
Villaseñor most recently faced Ronaldo Souza on May 15, 2010 at . He lost the fight via decision.
On December 9, 2010, it was announced that Villaseñor has the distinction of being one of the only fighters to be cut from Strikeforce, along with Joe Riggs.
Shark Fights.
Villaseñor was expected to face Drew McFedries on September 11, 2010 at Shark Fights 13 but McFedries was forced off the card with an injury. He instead faced Danillo Villefort and lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Villaseñor next faced Chris Camozzi at . The fight was initially ruled a draw, but was subsequently overturned and counted as a win for Camozzi by the New Mexico Athletic Commission when it was revealed one of the judges scores was added incorrectly.
BAMMA.
Villaseñor made his BAMMA debut against fighter Jim Wallhead at BAMMA 8. He lost the fight via KO in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="9654094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654094" title="Hematologic Diseases Information Service">
Hematologic Diseases Information Service

The Hematologic Diseases Information Service is an information dissemination service of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK). The NIDDK is part of the National Institutes of Health, which is part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The Hematologic Diseases Information Service is a part of the NIDDK's Division of Kidney, Urologic, and Hematologic Diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="9654108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654108" title="Thanatopsis (album)">
Thanatopsis (album)

Thanatopsis is the self-titled debut album by American experimental metal band Thanatopsis, released in 2001 by TDRS. A video was released for "Pyrrhic Victory", animated by Burton Dickerson. On July 25 Travis Dickerson released a 10 year anniversary of Thanatopsis with an alternate version of Myopia, as a free download.

</doc>
<doc id="9654110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654110" title="R-planes">
R-planes

R-planes were large German Army bombers in World War I. The R classification was short for Riesenflugzeug ("giant aircraft"). In designations, the manufacturer's name preceded the letter R followed by a Roman numeral, e.g. Dornier Rs.III or Staaken R.XIV.
The R-planes were the largest aircraft of World War I. The German R-planes that bombed London during World War I were larger than the German aircraft used for the same purpose in World War II.
The operational history of the R-plane designs spanned the years 1915 to 1919. These were large multi-engine aircraft capable of flying several hours with larger bomb loads than the smaller G-type bombers. Engines were often mounted inside the fuselage using gearboxes and driveshafts to transfer the power to the propellers mounted on the wings, with a few of the types using more reliable direct-drive power transmissions which matched the number of engines and propellers.
Virtually all the aircraft types of this class were built as "one-off" aircraft, each one a unique airframe, with the sole exception of the small number of Zeppelin-Staaken R.VI bombers produced. Nearly all the Zeppelin-Staaken "giants" had nearly identical wingspans of 42.2 meters, and likely used nearly identical wing structures.

</doc>
<doc id="9654119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654119" title="Experience (Jimi Hendrix album)">
Experience (Jimi Hendrix album)

Experience was a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix, released in August 1971 in the United Kingdom by Ember Records. The album was intended as a soundtrack to the unreleased film "Experience" documenting The Jimi Hendrix Experience's performance at the Royal Albert Hall on February 24, 1969. It peaked at No. 9 in the U.K. album charts in September 1971. The follow-up to "Experience", entitled "More Experience", was released in 1972.
Personnel.
On "Room Full of Mirrors" they are joined by Chris Wood (flute) and Dave Mason (guitar). Note the support band that evening was Mason, Capaldi, Wood & Frog.

</doc>
<doc id="9654124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654124" title="Columbia–Princeton Electronic Music Center (album)">
Columbia–Princeton Electronic Music Center (album)

Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center was an album of electronic music released in 1961. It was the recording of a concert performed at the McMillin Theatre (today called the Miller Theatre) at Columbia University on May 9 and 10, 1961. The stereo version was MS 6566 and the monophonic version was ML 5966. There was a sequel released in 1998 on the New World label titled "Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center 1961–1973". Bülent Arel is the only artist who appears on both albums.
The Arel composition is completely electronic, with articulated signals over a continuous background texture. Halim El-Dabh's composition, an "electronic drama," has a text drawn from the epic of Layla and Majnun, and consists primarily of tape manipulated instrumental and vocal sounds. Ussachevsky's work has lyrics derived from the "Enuma Elish" creation myth, with chorus and electronic accompaniment. Babbitt's piece is composed entirely on the RCA Synthesizer. Davidovsky created a work manipulating sine wave, square wave, and white noise generators. Luening's composition combines solo violin with RCA Synthesizer sound followed by tape manipulation.

</doc>
<doc id="9654127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654127" title="Deep Sehgal">
Deep Sehgal

Deep Sehgal is an award-winning British film-maker whose work includes the Emmy nominated series "Soul Deep", "India with Sanjeev Bhaskar" 
After graduating with degrees in Philosophy from the universities of Dundee and Grenoble, Sehgal trained as a journalist at Leeds University and started his career as a researcher in the documentary film unit at BBC Manchester. His first film as a producer was the British Film Institute/Channel Four drama "Sleep" which premiered at the Edinburgh Festival in 1999. The following year he directed his first film, a documentary about his mother entitled "The Good Son" for Channel Four. 
He then moved to the BBC, eventually becoming a senior producer in the Specialist Factual unit at BBC Bristol. He was the director of The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy segment in the BBC series Big Read and made a number of documentary films that received popular and critical acclaim and won a number of international awards. He was also a founder of the BBC Film Lab which was created to help new directors make their first films. Sehgal now runs the independent production company Avatar Productions with actor Sanjeev Bhaskar. 
Recent work as creator, executive producer and director includes the BBC period drama series The Indian Doctor, written by Bill Armstrong. On March 15 2011 the series was awarded the national Royal Television Society award 
Sehgal is also a published author. His work includes the book "India" which accompanied the BBC television series of the same name. The book went on to reach number 4 in the Sunday Times bestseller list.

</doc>
<doc id="9654143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654143" title="Michaela Gerg-Leitner">
Michaela Gerg-Leitner

Michaela Gerg-Leitner (born November 10, 1965 in Lenggries) is a retired German alpine skier.

</doc>
<doc id="9654153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654153" title="Saint Tryphon">
Saint Tryphon

St. Tryphon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9654154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654154" title="Hardaway">
Hardaway

Hardaway is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9654159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654159" title="Andrew McBride">
Andrew McBride

Andrew McBride (born December 9, 1982) is a box lacrosse player for the Calgary Roughnecks in the National Lacrosse League (NLL) and Coquitlam Adanacs of the Western Lacrosse Association (WLA). He was the fourth overall selection by the Roughnecks at the 2002 NLL Draft, and has played for Calgary since the 2003 season, and has won two Champion's Cup titles with the team in 2004 and 2009. Additionally, he won the Presidents Cup, Canada's senior B championship, in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9654170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654170" title="Michael Kölling">
Michael Kölling

Michael Kölling is a professor and software developer with the School of Computing at the University of Kent. Originally from Bremen, Germany, he is also a key member of the team that developed the BlueJ and Greenfoot Java learning environments. BlueJ is used in over 1500 institutions world wide. Kölling was also involved in the development of the Blue programming language which was an object-oriented programming language that was developed especially for teaching. This led on to what is now BlueJ. Kölling is a father and his daughter is known for constant interruption of his videos. BlueJ is being maintained by Kölling's team at the University of Kent in Canterbury.
Launched in 2006, Greenfoot is an environment created for teaching programming and computer science concepts and is targeted for a demographic of 15 years old and up. The software is available in both English and German.
Kölling co-wrote "Objects First with Java" (5th edition), with David J. Barnes, which has been translated into six languages, including German, Italian, French and Dutch. BlueJ is available in over a dozen languages.
At the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) Special Interest Group of Computer Science Education (SIGCSE) 2010 conference, held in Milwaukee, WI, his work was referenced as one of the most influential tools in the history of computer science education. This paper described Kölling's work on the Blue programming language, which preceded BlueJ.
Microsoft patent issue.
On the 22nd May 2005 Kölling made an entry to the BlueJ website in response to a post on Dan Fernandez's blog (Lead Product Manager - Visual Studio Express). Fernandez described a new feature of Visual Studio 2005 that "helps you understand objects at Design Time, rather than runtime." This feature had striking similarities to the way the object test bench functions within BlueJ.
Kölling did not act on the discovery. However, on May 11, 2006 Microsoft attempted to patent the idea. As the object test bench is essential to the way it functions, had Microsoft's patent been granted, it was likely that BlueJ would have had to have been discontinued.
Kölling spoke to Microsoft, namely Jane Prey, and eventually the patent was dropped.
Fernandez posted a response on his blog where he says "the patent application was a mistake and one that should not have happened. To fix this, Microsoft will be removing the patent application in question. Our sincere apologies to Michael Kölling and the BlueJ community."

</doc>
<doc id="9654175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654175" title="WUPX (FM)">
WUPX (FM)

WUPX is the student radio station on the campus of Northern Michigan University which broadcasts at 91.5 MHz FM in Marquette, Michigan. WUPX is operated by the student organization Radio X. Radio X also hosts a number of concerts, events, and benefits. The station is on the air twelve months out of the year, and operates twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week throughout the school term.
The station is licensed to the NMU Board of Trustees, financed by the student activity fee, and operates separately from the University's other media outlet, WNMU-FM, and WNMU (TV). WUPX broadcasts from the Don H. Bottum University Center on the campus of Northern Michigan University.
History.
Beginning in 1970 as WBKX, Radio X was initially broadcasting on the AM dial from the Lee Hall Gallery. In the 1980s, Radio X switched to a cable-only format (see cable radio). WBKX achieved FM status in September 1993, but during the FM licensing process, the Federal Communications Commission required Radio X to change its call letters to WUPX, as the station is known today.
Station programming.
The WUPX programming currently consists of 8 three hour slots every day. Each show is deejayed by a NMU student volunteer. All volunteers are selected by the General Manager and the Station Manager when additional volunteers are required.
WUPX broadcasts a wide variety of music including electronic, country, folk, heavy metal, hip hop, industrial, jazz, reggae, rock, classical, pop, Christian, world, R&B, independent, noise, and local musicians.
Let's Chat with NMU Administration This program is spread out through the school year and features several members of the NMU Administration answering questions generated by NMU students, WUPX E-Staff, and ASNMU Student Government. This program has featured NMU President Dr. Les Wong, NMU Provost Dr. Susan Koch, the Dean of Students Chris Greer, and the Director of Housing and Residence Life Carl Holm. This program is a collaboration between WUPX and ASNMU (NMU Student Government).
Thrash and Trash Tuesday Thrash and Trash Tuesday is the longest consistent program on WUPX, airing every Tuesday for over 20 years. Thrash and Trash Tuesday begins Tuesday afternoon and continues until well into Wednesday morning featuring a selection of new and classic hard rock and heavy metal.

</doc>
<doc id="9654201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654201" title="ResourceSpace">
ResourceSpace

ResourceSpace is an open source Digital Asset Management system originally developed for Oxfam by UK company Montala Limited in 2006. Montala continue to manage the project in addition to providing commercial hosting, support and development services relating to the software. ResourceSpace has been released under a BSD-style license. It requires PHP, MySQL, and the GD Graphics Library, and works with most web server software such as Apache. It requires shell level access for features like thumbnailing.
A particular focus is on the improvement of collaboration between users when assembling resources together for a project. Users can create custom 'collections' which include resources and saved searches, which can be shared with other users. Collections work like a shopping cart on an e-commerce site, and are always visible in a strip at the bottom of the screen.

</doc>
<doc id="9654206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654206" title="Smile (Lyle Lovett album)">
Smile (Lyle Lovett album)

Smile is a 2003 compilation of songs performed by Lyle Lovett for various movie soundtracks between 1992 and 2002. "Smile" was the fifth project by Lovett that did "not" introduce a new collection of his own songs during the expanse of time between his 1996 Grammy winning "The Road to Ensenada" and "My Baby Don't Tolerate" (released later in 2003). Other projects included a 1998 cover album, a 1999 live album, a 2000 movie soundtrack, and a . The release of "Smile" led some reviewers to speculate the Lovett might be experiencing some sort of writer's block. Another possibility is that Lovett was taking it easy following a 2002 injury from an accident involving a bull on a family farm in Texas. During the incident Lovett's leg was broken in 20 places. A fracture to his thumb also left him unable to play guitar for an extended period.
The album has been described as a "nice listen" and "nice for collectors" to find all of these songs together, but "not essential," and "uneven." 
Charts.
"Smile" peaked at 106 in the Billboard Hot 200, and reached 136 on "Billboard's" Top Internet Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9654207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654207" title="Walter Frank">
Walter Frank

Walter Frank (12 February 1900 – 9 May 1945) was a Nazi historian, notable for his leading role in anti-Semitic research.
Life.
Frank was born in Fürth, Kingdom of Bavaria. In his youth, he attended Julius Streicher rallies; his politics were heavily influenced by the Bavarian Soviet Republic and the Beer Hall Putsch. In 1923 Frank started to study history at the University of Munich under Hermann Oncken, Karl Haushofer, and Karl Alexander von Müller. He earned his Ph.D. in 1927 with a dissertation about Adolf Stoecker. His doctoral advisor was Müller, who was anti-semitic and supportive of Adolf Hitler. He was increasingly active in the Nazi movement, and published many anti-semitic works. He was director of the "Reichsinstitut für Geschichte des neuen Deutschlands" (Reich Institute for History of the New Germany, sometimes referred to as "Frank's Institute") from its opening in 1935. The institute's goal was to create a new, proper, Nazi historiography and study the "Jewish question"; this area had its own sub-institute from 1936. Frank was a protegee of Alfred Rosenberg, one of Nazism's chief ideologues. Notable Nazi historians working in the institute included Karl Alexander von Müller, Erich Marks and Heinrich von Srbik. Frank committed suicide at Brunsrode near Braunschweig in 1945, believing the world to be senseless after the death of Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="9654220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654220" title="Axiology (album)">
Axiology (album)

Axiology is the second album by American Progressive rock band Thanatopsis, released on July 10, 2003.
Style.
Talking on the style of the album, keyboardist and producer Travis Dickerson claims:

</doc>
<doc id="9654243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654243" title="Debbie Dean">
Debbie Dean

Debra "Debbie" Dean is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Jodi Albert. She first appeared in 2002, before Albert quit the role in 2004, She made her final appearance during 2005, before making a brief return in 2006. She did not return for the funeral of her sister Steph Dean in 2010 but her absence was never mentioned on screen.
Casting.
In October 2004 Albert decided not to renew her contract, she expressed that she wanted to leave to further her acting career.
Storylines.
Debbie arrived in 2002 with her father Johnno (Mark Powley), mother Frankie (Helen Pearson), brothers Jake (Kevin Sacre) and Craig (Guy Burnett) and sister Steph (Carley Stenson). She instantly fell for the charms of hard man Dan Hunter. Debbie started dating Dan as she often tried to loosen him up. Debbie started to work for Tony at ‘Il Gnosh’, but her heart had always been set on becoming a singer.
Debbie went on a reality show where she revealed that Dan lost his virginity to her. This left Dan angry, but eventually he forgave her. However, there was shock for Debbie when Dan was arrested for being a suspect as the serial killer of Hollyoaks, and she was also shocked that he slept with victim Roxy. Both convinced that Dan was innocent, Debbie and her father Johnno (Colin Wells) stuck by him and supported him as he was released.
However, things took another turning point for Debbie when Dan was arrested for the murder of Toby Mills (Henry Luxemburg), who was the real killer and again became a suspect after Dan's sister Ellie Hunter (Sarah Baxendale) blamed him for the murder of her husband. This left Debbie devastated as she tried to come terms with Dan's arrest, while there was more bad news for Debbie as her family were struggling with debts and sister Steph had epilepsy, after almost becoming a victim of Toby. 
Johnno supported Debbie and the family through this as best he could, and in return Debbie showed her loyalty to both her family and Dan, but was devastated when Dan was sent down for 18 years after Ellie testified against him. Still, Debbie believed there was hope as she tried to change Ellie's mind but there was a blow for her, when Dan told her that their relationship was over. Confused and puzzled, Debbie turned to Darren Osborne (Ashley Taylor Dawson) and the pair slept together, but it only lasted a short while. 
However, Debbie faced another shock when Ellie told the truth and Dan was released from prison. Dan wanted to be with Debbie, but after she confessed that she slept with Darren, Dan said that there would be no relationship between the pair. With help from Johnno, Debbie tried to put all of this behind her, however, things became even more complex when Dan started dating Debbie's sister Steph for a while, but that lasted a short time after Dan admitted that he was still in love with Debbie. However, Debbie promised Steph that she would not date Dan as it would break Steph's heart.
Soon, Debbie's dream became true when she got a job offer to sing on a cruise ship in November 2004. But after her parents Johnno and Frankie's marriage collapsed, and Johnno decided to leave Hollyoaks when the couple divorced shortly afterwards, Debbie was unsure of whether to go or not. With Frankie, Jake, and Dan supporting her, Debbie decided to take the job but there was another setback when Dan died during his rallycross racing accident.
After Dan's death, Debbie collapsed in tears as she found an engagement ring Dan had been planning to give to her on Christmas Day. By New Year's Eve, Debbie had decided not to wallow in grief and misery but to see more of the world and enjoy her life to the fullest — or as much as she could without Dan by her side. Debbie stayed until the funeral and regretted that she and Dan never got together.
After some convincing from Dan's best mate Ben Davies (Marcus Patric), Debbie decided to take the job and start a fresh new life and to succeed with her dreams. Debbie briefly returned in 2005 for a double wedding in the family. She witnessed her mother Frankie marry Jack Osborne (James McKenna) and brother Jake marry Becca Hayton (Ali Bastian).
She also returned in 2006 to re-open The Dog after Sam Owen (Louis Tamone) blew it up. She also had a job in the West End but lost her job when Steph became famous for her kiss and tell with Joe Jones. In April 2007 Jake told his mother that Debbie had been in a car accident and while she was not seriously hurt, she had broken her leg.
In December 2010 Frankie mentions to Duncan that she and the other Deans and Osbournes are spending Christmas with Debbie.
Reception.
Virgin Media profiled some of Hollyoaks' "hottest females" in their opinion, of Debbie they stated: "The sassy Debbie Dean did her bit for Hollyoaks' male viewing ratings as she regularly tottered round in the skimpiest of outfits. She left, heartbroken after Dan's death, to sing on a cruise ship – lucky sailors!"

</doc>
<doc id="9654255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654255" title="St Paul's Church, Bristol">
St Paul's Church, Bristol

St Paul's Church gives its name to the surrounding St Paul's area of Bristol. It was built in the 1790s but fell into disuse and disrepair by its closure in 1988. It is a Grade I listed building.
Major renovation work was undertaken to repair and convert the building for use as a performance space and circus skills school Circomedia.
Building.
It is in the Georgian Portland Square. It was designed by Daniel Hague although the original St Paul's Church was to be designed by James Allen in a Greek style. Work was started on the church in 1789 and completed in 1794. St Paul's became known as the Wedding Cake Church from the unusual tiered tower. The tower was designed to hold a ring of ten bells, however only four bells were purchased, all cast by John Rudhall of Gloucester, two in 1792 and the 6th and tenor bells of the proposed ring in 1795.
The gates and railings are a grade II* listed building.
Closure and redevelopment.
The church closed in 1988 in state of disrepair and was boarded up for many years. A lot of damage was caused by swollen ironwork exploding the Bath Stone and water leaking in, causing erosion to the plaster ceilings.
About £2.3 million from the Heritage Lottery Fund funded the restoration and conversion work. The church is now a redundant church in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It was declared redundant on 1 November 1988, and was vested in the Trust on 1 April 2000.
In 2005 the church was converted into its present form as the home of Circomedia, a circus school, but remains consecrated. It still boasts an ornate Georgian plaster ceiling, stone columns and a wealth of decorative stained glass, but has now been equipped with aerial and trapeze equipment and a pale Maple wood sprung dance floor.
On 19 October 2007, it won the international RICS Community Benefit Award 2007. St Paul's was chosen as the winner by judges because of the transformation it has undergone under the Churches Conservation Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9654259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654259" title="Harpur Hill">
Harpur Hill

Harpur Hill is a small village on the outskirts of Buxton, Derbyshire. It has a primary school, a park, a pub, a working men's club and a Methodist Church, and contains parts of the University of Derby. It also has 3 football pitches which are homes to Harpur Club & Harpur Hill FC. Buxton Rugby Union Club also have their HQ at Harpur Hill. They can be found on Sunnyfields Road. The tops of Buxton Rugby Club's goal posts are the highest in the country.
In 1938 the RAF used Harpur Hill as an underground munitions store. Tunnels were dug out to house munitions and ordnance. When the RAF left the tunnels were used as a mushroom farm. When the tunnels closed they were sold to a group of local businessmen, trading as Stowtime, and used as a cold store for cheese; a warehouse was built for dry and bonded wines and spirits. A number of local hauliers provided the transport for these goods, the most notable being Lomas Distribution. The business was bought out by Christian Salvesen and was a major employer in the area; it later sold the site to French transport company Norbert Dentressangle. Many of the bunkers can still be seen in the surrounding hillside. 
A Health and Safety laboratory is also situated not far from Harpur Hill. A railway has been constructed with old Jubilee Line, London Underground trains that were used to reconstruct the 7/7 London Tube bombings. When the red flag is flying at the laboratory, an explosion is imminent.
Also nearby is Far Hill Quarry, now flooded, where swimming has been popular but is discouraged by the authorities as unsafe.

</doc>
<doc id="9654264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654264" title="MOMIX">
MOMIX

MOMIX is a company of dancer-illusionists based in Washington, Connecticut, founded in 1981 by Moses Pendleton, with a worldwide audience base. Momix is unusual among contemporary dance companies for being a for-profit organization. The company is named after a feed supplement for veal calves.
Theatre, film and television.
The company has participated in the "Homage a Picasso" in Paris and was selected to represent the United States at the European Cultural Center at Delphi.
In 1992, Pendleton created "Bat Habits," developed with the support of the Scottsdale (Arizona) Cultural Council/Scottsdale Center for the Arts and the University of Washington to celebrate the opening of the San Francisco Giants’ new spring training park in Scottsdale, Arizona. This work was the forerunner of “Baseball,” which was created by Pendleton in 1994.
MOMIX has made five Italian RAI television features broadcast to 55 countries (including the USSR and China) and has performed on Antenne II in France. MOMIX was also featured in PBS’s “Dance in America” series. MOMIX dancers Cynthia Quinn and Karl Baumann played the role of “Bluey” in the film “FX II,” under the direction of Moses Pendleton.
The company was featured on Canadian television with Charles Dutoit and the Montreal Symphony in the Rhombus Media film of Mussorgsky’s “Pictures at an Exhibition”, winner of an International Emmy for Best Performing Arts Special.
MOMIX is featured in one of the first IMAX films in 3-D, “IMAGINE,” which premiered at the Taejon Expo 93 and was subsequently released at IMAX theaters world-wide. In 2004, “White Widow”, co-choreographed by Pendleton and Cynthia Quinn, was featured in Robert Altman’s movie, “The Company.”
Corporate Work.
Momix has created special shows for product launches as well as commercials for major corporations seen on national TV. Clients have included Mercedes, Fiat, BMW, Kohler, Hanes, Target Stores, Walmart, and MAC Cosmetics.

</doc>
<doc id="9654280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654280" title="Ryan McNish">
Ryan McNish

Ryan McNish (born March 7, 1981 in Souris, Manitoba) is a lacrosse player, currently a free agent, in the National Lacrosse League. McNish played for the Roughnecks between 2005 and 2008 NLL seasons before being traded to the Edmonton Rush in 2009 where he played for three seasons. McNish also served as an aviation technician with 408 Tactical Helicopter Squadron based in CFB Edmonton.
On November 17, 2011, Ryan signed a one-year deal with the Calgary Roughnecks but was later released by the team on December 22, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9654293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654293" title="Valcău de Jos">
Valcău de Jos

Valcău de Jos () is a commune in Sălaj County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Lazuri ("Újvágás"), Preoteasa ("Füzespaptelek"), Ratovei ("Rátonbükk"), Sub Cetate ("Valkóváralja"), Valcău de Jos and Valcău de Sus ("Felsővalkó"). It is 14 km southwest of Șimleu Silvaniei.
History.
Its name comes from the Slavic word "vlk" ("wolf"). Its Hungarian name "Alsóvalkó" means "Lower Valkó"; before 1899 it was called "Magyarvalkó." "Felsővalkó" ("Upper Valkó") is now Valcău de Sus. Its castle was built in the late 13th century, and was unlawfully occupied by Dezső Elefánti in 1312. King Sigismund of Luxemburg laid siege to it in 1404. In 1665 the Ottoman army destroyed it and it was not rebuilt again.
Population.
In 1910 the village had 900 residents, with a Romanian majority and a significant Hungarian minority. 
In 2002 the commune of which Valcău de Jos is the administrative center had 3302 inhabitants: 2909 Romanians, 287 Roma, 105 Hungarians, and one Slovak.
References.
"This article is based on a translation of the equivalent article from the Hungarian Wikipedia on 22 February 2007".

</doc>
<doc id="9654303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654303" title="California's 39th State Senate district">
California's 39th State Senate district

California's 39th State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Marty Block of San Diego.
District profile.
The district encompasses most of the city of San Diego, along with several inner suburbs to the north and south. It is centered on Downtown San Diego and mainly stretches along the city's coastline, including part of San Diego Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="9654307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654307" title="Hia C-eḍ O'odham">
Hia C-eḍ O'odham

The Hia C-eḍ O'odham ("Sand Dune People"), also known as Areneños or Sand Pimas are a Native American peoples whose traditional homeland lies between the Ajo Range, the Gila River, the Colorado River, and the Gulf of California. They are currently unrecognized at both the state and federal level in the United States and Mexico, although the Tohono O'odham Nation has a committee for issues related to them and has land held in trust for them. They are represented by a community organization known as the Hia-Ced O'odham Alliance. The Hia C-eḍ O'odham are no longer nomadic, and the majority today live in or near Ajo, Arizona, or the small settlements of Blaisdell and Dome near Yuma.
They have often been considered a "Papago subtribe" by anthropologists, along with the Tohono O'odham and several groups that vanished or merged with the Tohono O'odham. Anybody who can prove Hia C-eḍ O'odham ancestry meeting Tohono O'odham Nation blood quantum can apply for membership in the Tohono O'odham Nation. Some Hia Ced O'odham people are enrolled in the Ak-Chin Indian Community.
On February 24, 2009, 642.27 acres of land near Why, Arizona, which were previously purchased by the Tohono O'odham Nation, were acquired in trust for the Nation. This was done with the intention of eventually creating a new district of the Tohono O'odham Nation for the Hia C-eḍ O'odham. On October 30, 2012, a new tribal law went into effect creating the "Hia-Ced District" as the new 12th district of the Tohono O'odham nation, with the trust land near Why as its initial land base. For three years after the effective date, previously enrolled members of the Tohono O'odham Nation have the right to request that their district designation be reassigned to the new district. People applying for tribal enrollment may also request the Hia-Ced District as their district designation.
Culture.
Due to geographical proximity, certain cultural traits were borrowed from the Yuman peoples, with some sources implying that their culture was more Yuman than it was Piman, with the exception of their language. According to historical sources, the Hia C-eḍ O'odham were friendly with the Cocopah, the Quechan, and the Halchidhoma.
Gastronomy.
The Hia C-eḍ O'odham were traditionally hunters and gatherers. They caught jackrabbits by chasing them down in the sand. They hunted mountain sheep, mule deer, and pronghorn with bows and arrows. They caught muskrats and lizards as well. During certain seasons, they went to the gulf to fish and obtain salt.
They also ate camote, an edible flower stalk found in the sand dunes, mesquite beans, saguaro fruit, and pitahaya fruit, which they gathered near Quitobaquito and the Lower Sonoita River.

</doc>
<doc id="9654312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654312" title="Almost Honest">
Almost Honest

Almost Honest is Josh Kelley's second album, it would be his last album on Hollywood Records. The album peaked at #114 on the Billboard 200 album chart and #1 on the Top Heatseekers chart. 
The title track, "Almost Honest", also appears on the "Smallville: The Metropolis Mix" soundtrack.
Track listing.
"You Are the Woman" is available in the US on the to "". The hidden track, "Heartache", also appears on the single for "Only You" and is sold separately from "Lydia" on the iTunes version.

</doc>
<doc id="9654331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654331" title="Doug Dale">
Doug Dale

Doug Dale (born Barrington, Illinois) is an American actor, best known for hosting the Comedy Central series "TV Funhouse". Doug was also involved in the "Happy Happy Good Show", a Chicago sketch show featuring Robert Smigel, Bob Odenkirk and Conan O'Brien. He was also seen on the series "Murphy Brown" and "Who's the Boss", and during the early `90s he appeared in various sketches on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, most notably as the "Guy Next Door." Occasionally he is still heard on "Saturday Night Live" as a voice in the "TV Funhouse" cartoons.
He currently resides in Randolph, NJ.
He originally met Robert Smigel when they were roommates in Chicago. They were creators and cast members of the comedy group All You Can Eat. Their biggest success with that group was the show "All You Can Eat and the Temple of Dooom".
Doug is currently the soccer instructor at Harbor Hills Day Camp, Randolph, NJ.
Doug was also a co-host of the weekly radio program named "Silly Sunday" on KQAL-FM in Winona, MN, where he also aired productions of the "BBDD Radio Mystery Theater". One of his early accolades came from his role of Zeb at Santa's Village, and in a comedy skit called "Do Lord."

</doc>
<doc id="9654340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654340" title="Harry Pulteney">
Harry Pulteney

General Harry Pulteney (14 February 1686 – 26 October 1767) was an English soldier and Member of Parliament.
He was the younger son of Colonel William Pulteney, of Misterton in Leicestershire, and Mary Floyd. His elder brother, William was one of the leading English statesmen of the 18th century and was eventually created Earl of Bath; he had inherited the family fortune including considerable estates in what is now central London, and also the parliamentary borough of Hedon in Yorkshire.
Harry entered Parliament in as member for Hedon in 1722. His brother William had already been its MP for 17 years, and had offered the second seat to his cousin, Daniel Pulteney; but as Daniel was also elected for the (more prestigious) constituency of Preston, this left a vacancy which Harry was able to fill (William continuing to hold the other seat). He was MP for Hedon until 1734, and again from 1739 to 1741, and also represented Hull for three years from 1744, and was also for a period Governor of Hull.
In 1739 Pulteney became Colonel of the 13th Regiment of Foot, which as was the custom of the time was consequently referred to as Pulteney's Regiment. Under his command the regiment served at Dettingen, Fontenoy and during the Jacobite Rebellion at Falkirk and Culloden. Later they took part in the road-building programme in the Scottish Highlands, and the regiment's officers were among those unsuccessfully investigating the famous Appin Murder of 1752. Pulteney was promoted to Major-General in 1743, Lieutenant-General in 1747 and to General in 1765.
Pulteney was his brother's heir and inherited his fortune on his death in 1764, but he himself
died on 26 October 1767 at the age of 81. He was buried in Westminster Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="9654355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654355" title="Mueang Prachinburi District">
Mueang Prachinburi District

Mueang Prachinburi () is the capital district ("Amphoe Mueang") of Prachinburi Province, eastern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Prachantakham, Si Maha Phot, Si Mahosot and Ban Sang of Prachinburi Province, and Pak Phli of Nakhon Nayok Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 13 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 
144 villages ("muban"). Prachinburi is a town ("thesaban mueang") which covers the whole "tambon" Na Mueang. There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Ban Na Prue covers parts of "tambon" Noen Hom, and Khok Makok covers parts of "tambon" Non Hom.There are further 12 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9654358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654358" title="Quilters (musical)">
Quilters (musical)

Quilters is a musical with a book by Molly Newman and Barbara Damashek, and lyrics and music by Barbara Damashek. It is about the lives of American pioneer women based on the book "The Quilters:Women and Domestic Art" by Patricia Cooper and Norma Bradley Allen. The show was originally developed and produced by the Denver Center Theater Company, Brockman Seawell, executive producer. It had a brief run on Broadway in 1984.
Productions.
The Denver Center Theater Company produced the world premiere of "Quilters" in 1982. The musical then was produced at the Mark Taper Forum, Los Angeles, California, in December 1983; the Pittsburgh Public Theater from December 16, 1983 to January 30, 1984; and for 7 weeks at the Kennedy Center, Washington, DC starting August 4, 1984 through September 1984. Damashek directed "Quilters" at the Edinburgh Festival (where it won a Fringe First Award), The Dublin Theatre Festival, The Pittsburgh Public Theater, and the Mark Taper Forum. 
"Quilters" opened on Broadway at the Jack Lawrence Theatre on September 25, 1984 and closed on October 14, 1984 after 24 performances and 5 previews. It was directed by Barbara Damashek, with scenic design by Ursula Belden, costume design by Elizabeth Palmer, and lighting design by Allen Lee Hughes, and featured Lenka Peterson as Sarah. Despite an unfavorable review from the "New York Times" and short run, the musical was nominated for six Tony Awards, including Best Musical. 
The musical has been performed by numerous college and community theater groups across the United States. In 1986, the Frontier Follies (an outreach governed by the board of directors at the Frontier Village) in Jamestown, North Dakota presented the first outdoor theater production of "Quilters" with actress Mary Reinhardt performing the role of one of the multi-faceted "daughters." Composers Tania S. Wahl and Carrie Kraft were employed, respectively, as Director and Musical Director for the presentation. A full, stage-size quilt was constructed at the University of North Dakota for the outdoor production. Some in the conservative midwestern area questioned the inclusion of the herbal abortion allusion in the Frontier Follies production.
The Denver Center Theater Company again presented the musical May 22 through June 12, 2009. Barbara Damashek revived her role as director for "Quilters" at the Edinburgh Festival, The Pittsburgh Public Theater, and the Mark Taper Forum. In 2009, the Missouri History Museum, Forest Park presented "Quilters" in one of the settings from the musical.
Plot summary.
In the American West, a pioneer woman, Sarah, and six women, who are called her daughters, face frontier life. Rather than a straightforward storyline, the musical is presented as a series of short tales and tableaux matched with musical numbers, each presenting an aspect of frontier life or womanhood. The patches or blocks show "girlhood, marriage, childbirth, spinsterhood, twisters, fire, illness and death." The patches are ultimately put together to form one dramatic tableau.
Response.
In his "New York Times" review Frank Rich wrote " "Quilters" is a static melange of skits, monologues and songs unified by a theme rather than a sustained plot or characters."
The "Washington Post" reviewer wrote: " 'Quilters' should probably be billed as a "play with music," lest you go expecting a big musical number to lift the proceedings a peg or two. Nothing is really big in this production. Its greatest strength is its unassuming honesty. It creates moods, more than it does drama, and its best moods are straightforward, like the people it is celebrating...The script is divided loosely into 16 sections or "blocks," dealing with such themes as childbirth, school days, windmills, courtship, weddings, country roads, religion and even log cabins. At the start of each section, one of the actresses unfolds a piece of quilting, which incorporates that particular concern into its design. Handsome and tidy pieces of work, they combine at the end to make one huge quilt, which is raised high, the flag of pioneer womanhood. It is a transcendent finale."

</doc>
<doc id="9654371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654371" title="Anatomize">
Anatomize

Anatomize is the third album by American Progressive rock band Thanatopsis, released on February 17, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9654373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654373" title="Grievous (disambiguation)">
Grievous (disambiguation)

Grievous commonly refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="9654380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654380" title="Katharina Gutensohn">
Katharina Gutensohn

Katharina Gutensohn (born March 22, 1966 in Kirchberg). Is an Austrian/German skier. She represented Germany from 1989 to the end of her alpine skiing career.
In 2005, at the age of 39, she made a comeback in the new Olympic discipline of skicross. She won her first World Cup start at Grindelwald on March 5, 2005. She also finished twice on the podium, the latest a second place at St. Johann in Tirol on January 5, 2009.
She competed for Germany in alpine skiing events at the 1992, 1994 and 1998 Winter Olympics and for Austria in skicross at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Gutensohn took part in the 8th season of the Austrian dance competition TV show "Dancing Stars" in 2012, finishing in 12th (last) place.

</doc>
<doc id="9654388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654388" title="Slip (ceramics)">
Slip (ceramics)

A slip is a suspension in water of clay and/or other materials used in the production of ceramic ware. Deflocculant, such as sodium silicate, can be added to the slip to disperse the raw material particles. This allows a higher solids content to be used, or allows a fluid slip to be produced with the a minimum of water so that drying shrinkage is minimised, which is important during slipcasting. Usually the mixing of slip is undertaken in a blunger although it can be done using other types of mixers or even by hand.
An engobe is a material similar to a slip, with somewhat lower clay content, higher proportion of flux, and added filler, and in some cases a colorant.
Use.
A slip may be made for various purposes in the production and decoration of ceramics. Slip can be used:

</doc>
<doc id="9654418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654418" title="Virginia Dare Memorial Bridge">
Virginia Dare Memorial Bridge

The Virginia Dare Memorial Bridge is the newest, longest, and widest bridge over the Croatan Sound. It was built in 2002.
The four-lane bridge carries U.S. Highway 64 Bypass from Manns Harbor to Roanoke Island in the U.S. state of North Carolina. This bridge along with the Washington Baum Bridge and Melvin R Daniels Bridge provide express access from the North Carolina mainland to the Outer Banks communities. The Virginia Dare Memorial Bridge was named after Virginia Dare, the first child born in the Americas to English parents, who resided on the Roanoke Island colony. At a length of 5.2 miles, the Dare Bridge is the longest in the state. It was constructed with nearly 44,000 tons of deck concrete, 72 concrete columns, and 2,368 piles.
The Dare Bridge succeeded the old William B. Umstead Bridge, which was previously the only crossing over the Croatan Sound. The Umstead Bridge continues to serve as a segment of U.S. Highway 64, which goes through the town of Manteo; the Dare Bridge bypasses this town on U.S. Highway 64 Bypass.
The second crossing over the sound was constructed to alleviate traffic congestion along the old Umstead Bridge and through Manteo, as well as to provide a safer and more efficient hurricane evacuation route for Outer Banks residents and visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="9654425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654425" title="Bernardino Genga">
Bernardino Genga

He was born in Mondolfo in the Duchy of Urbino and died in Rome, where he practiced surgery in the Hospital of Santo Spirito in Sassia.
In 1672, he published his noted "Anatomia Chirurgica", a textbook for surgeons which went through a number of editions. A year after his death was published the beautiful "Anatomia per Uso et Intelligenza del Disegno", which consisted of renderings of his anatomical preparations by the artist Charles Errard (1606–1689), director of the Accademia, and most likely engraved by François Andriot (died 1704). Giovanni Maria Lancisi (1654–1720), the Papal physician, edited the work and provided much of the commentary.
"Anatomia per Uso et Intelligenza del Disegno" consists of 59 copperplate engravings of text and illustrations printed on one side only. After the engraved title is a plate with allegorical emblems of death. Of the illustrated plates, the first 23 deal with osteology and myology drawn from Genga's anatomical preparations. The remainder consists of representations of antique statues viewed from different angles, including the Farnese Hercules, the Laocoön (without his sons), the Borghese Gladiator, the Borghese Faun, the Venus de Medici, the Youth Pulling a Thorn from his Foot, and the Amazon of the House of Cesi. A variant of this work lacks the final three images and contains the words "libro primo" on the engraved title, though there was never a libro "secundo" published.
An English translation of the work appeared in London in 1723 under the title, "Anatomy Improv'd".

</doc>
<doc id="9654436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654436" title="Jewel Song / Beside You (Boku o Yobu Koe)">
Jewel Song / Beside You (Boku o Yobu Koe)

"Jewel Song / Beside You: Boku o Yobu Koe" is BoA's eighth Japanese single. It was on the 2003 top singles sales according to the Oricon with sales of 151,000. It is also her fourth highest selling single. Beside You -Boku wo Yobu Koe- was used as opening theme song for the anime Monkey Typhoon.
Charts.
Oricon Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="9654460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9654460" title="Duke of Narbonne">
Duke of Narbonne

The title Duke of Narbonne ("dux Narbonensis") was a title employed at various times by the overlords of Narbonne, while the direct power in the city was held by the viscounts. The prestige of the title probable attached to the fact that Narbonne had been a capital of the ancient Roman administration of the eponymous province of Gallia Narbonensis. 
On the death of his cousin Bertha of Rouergue in 1065, William IV of Toulouse inherited the county of Narbonne. His brother and successor, Raymond IV, elevated the status to that of duke. Raymond's son and successor, Alfonso Jordan, also employed the title with royal approval (as "Amphusus dux Narbonensis provincie") and his son, Raymond V placed it first before his other titles as an implication of its importance (probably related to its Roman connection). The family was only dispossessed of the title when Raymond VI brought down the wrath of the French king for his supposed support of Cathar heresies. 
In 1215, following the successes of the Albigensian Crusade, Philip II of France granted Simon IV de Montfort, already Earl of Leicester, the titles of Duke of Narbonne and Count of Toulouse. Arnauld Amaury, then Archbishop of Narbonne, also claimed the ducal dignity and entered a dispute with Simon which was not resolved before the latter's death (1218). The title thenceforth belonged to the archdiocese.

</doc>
