<doc id="9875941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875941" title="Andrés López Forero">
Andrés López Forero

Andrés López (born June 25, 1971 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a comedian and actor. He is considered a pioneer of stand-up comedy in Colombia. López gained notoriety in Colombia after releasing his show called "La Pelota de Letras" ("The Ball of Letters") which earned him a Double Diamond award from Universal Music.
Beginning of his career.
As a student of Systems Engineering and Anthropology 1990 he started performing in the Universidad de los Andes in Bogotá. Later the University assigned a classroom for him to teach the art of stand-up comedy to people interested in performing dramatic and comedic theater. He also created the University Newspaper “El Mercurio” where there was room for people to express themselves artistically by placing their stories, paintings, poems and photographs.
Later he went to Toronto to study Experiential education and became a dedicated reader and a researcher of human behavior. Lopez returned to Colombia to work at "La Mega RCN". A pop-music radio station which was aimed mainly at young people. There he became a creative force by developing many comedy skits such as 'Tratame Suavemente' (Treat me Softly) better known as 'Catalina y mi Andy', 'Juan Bracitos' (Juan Little Arms), 'Jason Libardo' and many others for the morning show also known as El Mañanero. On 2008 he uploaded new material of those skits on iTunes.
Due to the rising popularity of the morning show it was given its own TV show by RCN TV. Pido La Parola, as this show was called was mainly based on sketches, spoofs and prank calls, many of which were led by Andrés López.
Theater plays.
López has also been performing in various venues as part of the cast. In 1998 he performed in the Colombian version of The Complete Works of William Shakespeare or “Las Obras de William Shakespeare” directed by Juan Angel and co-starred by David Guerrero and Fernando Solórzano. Andrés played Juliet Capulet, Desdemona, Lady Macbeth, Ophelia and other Shakespearian women on this work. 
In 2003 the show changed its name to “The Royal Shakespeare Criollo” and later changed it again to “Shakespeare para locos”. The original version by the Reduced Shakespeare Company was first performed at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1987 and is London's longest-running comedy.
Recent career.
López's most recognized show "The Ball of Letters"-"La Pelota de Letras" consists of a subtle sociological analysis of life in Colombian families between the 1960s and the 2000s (decade). More than 2,500,000 people attended his shows since his first appearance at the Hard Rock Cafe Bogota in the beginning of 2004. In 2005 and 2006, when he opened a concert with 44,000 guests, he was given a standing ovation after the show.
As today he has been performing more than 1500 sold out shows in Colombia and other countries, 5 tours around Colombia and more than 500 private shows for companies. Andres has performed in many cities in Colombia and internationally.
In December 2005, he launched, "La Pelota de Letras" on DVD in the Hard Rock Cafe Bogota under the Universal Music Colombia label .
López began his international tour in July 2006 performing in the cities: Los Angeles at the Alex Theatre; Panamá at Teatro Balboa; Quito at Teatro Nacional; Toronto at the John Bassett Theater; New York at the Town Hall; Miami at James L. Knight Center; Greenville at the Peace Center; Madrid at Teatro Gran Via and Palacio de Congresos de Madrid; Houston at Stafford Center; Orlando at Osceola Performing Arts Center and Atlanta at the Center Stage Theater. An average of 1,500 people attended these shows.
On April 23, 2007 Andrés launched a new DVD called "Me Pido La Ventana" ("I have the Window!", as he translates it). On the same day Andrés López was presented with a Double Diamond DVD from Universal Music Group.
From May to June 2007 Andrés performed in Spain, the biggest Latin comedy tour after the famous Les Luthiers 
On September 2007 Andrés toured USA with Me Pido la Ventana: Orlando, FL at Bob Carr Performing Art Center Queens, NY at Colden Auditorium Queens College; Elizabeth, NJ at The Ritz Theatre and Performing Arts Center; Atlanta, GA at Center Stage [16; Houston, TX at Stafford Center Theatre and in Boston, MA at The Symphony Hall[18 where he performed "La Pelota de Letras".
Since the end of 2007, Andres is part of the agency William Morris. On January 19, 2008 for the first time a Colombian, Andrés López, performed on South Beach Comedy Festival sponsored by IMPROV, Comedy Central, The Miami Herald and others, at The Fillmore, The Jackie Gleason Theatre 7:30pm, January 16–19, 2008 
Andrés performed with other comedians like Kathy Griffin, nominated to the Emmy Awards and famous for been the cast on the show Suddenly Susan, Brooke Shields. Other Comedians: Dave Attell, Jeff Dunham, Jeffrey Ross, Katt Williams, Kristina Wong, Louis C.K., Ralphie May and Stephen Lynch.
On January 2008 Andres toured Spain with Me Pido la Ventana, the cities were: Madrid, Barcelona, Pamplona, Valencia, Palma de Mallorca 
At the end of 2007 and 2008 Andrés toured Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela as a Soldier of the Happines he decided to show the brotherhood between the people of those countries. The shows he has been performing are La Pelota de Letras, the conference "The Way to Happiness" and he has been part of the "Festival for a Better World" 
In 2008 Andrés has been performing also in San José, Costa Rica and Toronto, Montreal and London, Canadá.
On December 2008 for the first time Andres is going to perform in Mexico City at Lunario.
25, November 2008, The Second Commission of the Senate of the Republic of Colombia presented Andres Lopez with the Order of Merit to the Democracy in the Degree of Great Gentlemen.
On October 16, 2008 Andrés López was part of the host at the MTV Latin American Awards 2008. Premios MTV Latinoamérica which took place in Guadalajara, Mexico.
News 2010.
January to March 2010 season of “Frutica Picada” in Colombia, Pereira, Barranquilla and Armenia. March 2, 2010.
Andrés performed to golfers at the Club Country de Bogota as a welcome to the Nationwide Tour after the Celebrity Pro-Am of Juan Pablo Montoya to the benefit of Formula Sonrisas and Camilo Villegas Fund. Andrés was invited by Connie Freydell to play golf at the Celebrity Pro-Am but Robert Gould played for him and Andrés was his caddie at the tournament. Andrés López is also the public image of the biggest Golf store in Bogotá, G.LF Store – Tienda de Golf.
Since March 14, 2010 Andrés is the appointed messenger for the Prevention of Crime, a project led by United Nations in Colombia.
On April 10, 2010 Andrés performs a Stand-Up Comedy show at the Plaza de Bolívar Bogotá for a Red Bull event, where David Coulthard did a show with his Formula 1 car. 
Since April 2009, Andrés has been focused on entertaining his followers via Twitter and Facebook where he has more than 2,000,000 fans, making him one of the most followed Colombian celebrities. He has been creating series like #NiñaFresa, Insulto Subrepticio del Día #ISdD and #Divide2. 
Between May and June 2010 RCN, Colombian Television Network, aired "La Pelota de Letras". They received their highest ratings for the week.
"Frutica Picada" was aired exclusivity on OnDIRECTV, from 11 to 14 of June to the countries: Argentina, Peru, Chile, Venezuela, Ecuador, Puerto Rico, Uruguay and the Caribbean. DirecTV officially published a document on its website that indicates that the show had the highest rating in Latinoamérica in June and July second only to the Opening of the World Cup FIFA 2010. 
18 August 2010. López launches at the Book Fair in Bogotá his book "La Pelota de Letras, manuscrito original" with the editor Ediciones B, according to President of Ediciones B, Philippe Vergnaud, the book was the most sold book at the fair.
September and October 2010 Andrés López was the host and performed his Stand-Up Comedy at the International Humor festival for Caracol Television, Colombian Televisión Network. This festival has been on air every year since 1982. At the Festival great performers, magicians, imitators, had been performing from countries like Venezuela, Cuba, Uruguay, Guatemala, the US, Canadá, Chile, Spain and England. 
September 2010 Andrés is part of the campaign “Sexuality with Sense” "Sexualidad con Sentido" lead and financed by Ministry of Social Protection and the Population Found of United Nations (UNFPA), Ministry of National Education Special Programs of the Presidency.
News 2011.
In January 2011 DirecTV Latin America bought the rights from Caracol Televisión to air the International Humor Festival where Andrés was the host. The festival is currently airing on DirecTV throughout Argentina, the Caribbean, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Puerto Rico, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
In April and May 2011 Andrés López performed in Australia and Venezuela:
Melbourne, Australia 29 April, "La Pelota de Letras 1000" at Athenaeum Theater.
Brisbaine, Australia 30 April, "La Pelota de Letras 1000" at The Trivoli. 
And Andrés López performed for The Sydney Comedy Festival in Sydney, Australia, 1 of May, La "Pelota de Letras 1000" Enmore Theatre Newtoun 
May 13, 14 "La Pelota de Letras" and May 15 with "Frutica Picada" at Santa Rosa de Lima Theater, Caracas Venezuela 
DirecTV talk show host.
In November 1, 2012 DirecTV Latin America launches the talk show "Andrés López de Noche". Hosted by Andrés López, every Thursday López interviews two Latin American celebrities. The show is transmitted in the channel OnDirecTV (201) to Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Puerto Rico (Channel 161) and the Caribbean: Trinidad & Tobago; Aruba y Curaçao; Barbados. Some of the guest the show will welcome are: Wilfrido Vargas, Ismael Cala, Andrés Cepeda, Fanny Lu, Carlos Ponce, Stephanie Cayo y John Paul Ospina 
Awards.
In 2005 he won the Hispanic Organization of Latin Actors (HOLA) Award for the "Outstanding Solo Performance" after his sold out shows in New York and Miami.
On March 2 of 2006 Andrés López was presented with a Diamond DVD from Universal Music Group.
By the end of 2006 Lopez had sold more than 100,000 DVDs, and the "Ball of Letters" is now the best selling DVD in Colombia.
On April 23, 2007 Andrés López was presented with a Double Diamond DVD from Universal Music Group for La Pelota de Letras DVD.
On July 2007 Andrés was presented with another Diamond DVD from Universal Music Group. Andrés López sold more than 70,000 DVDs of "Me Pido la Ventana", his second DVD, since its launching on April 2007.
December 5, 2006 was presented with the Premio Orquidea USA for best international talent 2006.
On January 1.2008 Andrés was presented with the award "The 10 people of the culture" by El Tiempo Newspaper and the Ministry of Culture
On November 2008, The Second Commission of the Senate of the Republic of Colombia presented Andres López with the Order of Merit to the Democracy in the Degree of Great Gentlemen.
Other awards:
"ON Award to the Creative Mind" by Universidad Autonoma de Occidente, Cali Colombia.
Recognitions by Casa Militar de la Presidencia de la República de Colombia, Ministerio de Defensa Nacional de Colombia, Ejército Nacional, Base Aérea Palanquero, Dirección de Protección y Servicios Especiales de la Policía Nacional de Colombia, Escuela Naval de Suboficiales de Barranquilla, Cuarta Brigada de Medellín, Central de Inteligencia Militar, Comando de Apoyo Logístico de la Infantería de Marina.
Media.
According to Revista Semana, López is one of the 40 Most Influential People in Colombia under 40.
The most important newspaper in Colombia, El Tiempo, has also described his show "The Ball of Letters"-"La Pelota de Letras" as:
"The performance portrays the customs of recent generations of Colombians, which is better than any sociology study".
On December 2007, El Tiempo and the Ministry of Culture gave an award to the 10 most important artist of the last 10 years, Andrés was ranked fifth.
Other activities.
López has created a motivational speech product for employees which includes parts of his shows and these products have been used by businesses to bring about radical internal changes.
Companies using López include: Hewlett-Packard, Alquería, Oracle Corporation, Roche, Microsoft, Merck & Co., IBM, The Coca-Cola Company, BAT, Unilever, Grupo Santander, Porvenir, ETB, Pharmacia, Pfizer, Intel Corporation, Nestlé Purina PetCare, Nestlé, Avantel, Alpina, Bavaria, Altria Group, Colsubsidio and more.
López has also taken part in numerous talk shows, hosting TV programs as well as a multitude of interviews on TV and radio; he has also written for newspapers and various magazines.
Involvement in Scientology.
Andres became a Scientologist in 2003. Today he performs conferences about the booklet "The Way to Happiness" by Church of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard.
Lopez is an active member of the Scientology group Citizens Commission on Human Rights and criticizes the use of psychiatric drugs on children.
In August 2006, Andres Lopez attended the 37th Anniversary Gala at the Celebrity Centre International in Hollywood, California. He also visited the headquarters office of The Way to Happiness in Glendale, California.
In October 2006, Andrés López attended a meeting of the International Association of Scientologists in the United Kingdom. He was presented with the plaque of Patron.
Since Andres began speaking about Scientology in Colombia, the media has been conducted many articles and interviews about the religion.

</doc>
<doc id="9875953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875953" title="Llamellín District">
Llamellín District

Llamellín is a district of the Antonio Raymondi Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.
Geography and climate.
Llamellín is the capital of the province which is located in the eastern flank of the mountain range. It has a variety of microclimates with altitudes ranging the 1,800 to the 4,800 metres above sea level.
It has warm temperatures, but often has cold, humid droughts. The rainy season is from November to March. More intense precipitation falls between January and March of every year. The dry season is generally April to October. The inhabitants are bilingual: they speak quechua and Spanish.
The town of Llamellín lies at approximately 3,200 metres above sea level with a temperature average of 16.6°C (61.88°F) during the day and 12.6°C (54.68°F) during the nights.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (61.37%) learnt to speak in childhood, 38.10% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9875956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875956" title="Llamellín">
Llamellín

Llamellín is a town in central Peru, capital of the province Antonio Raimondi in the region Ancash.

</doc>
<doc id="9875991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875991" title="Razak Omotoyossi">
Razak Omotoyossi

Razak Omotoyossi (born 8 October 1985) is a Nigerian-born Beninese footballer who plays for Kahramanmaraşspor and also for the Benin national football team. Omotoyossi who plays as a striker, has played in Nigeria, Egypt, Sweden, Saudi Arabia and France.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Lagos, Omotoyossi started his career in his native Nigeria, but was nearly derailed when the Nigeria Football Federation slammed a five-year ban on him for allegedly assaulting a referee during a Premier League game between his club, Sunshine Stars and visiting Enyimba. 
He had though already left to play in neighbouring Benin. He later switched to Beninese citizenship the same year. 
He started his professional career in Benin with AJSA JS Pobè.
FC Sheriff.
Omotoyossi signed for Moldovan side FC Sheriff in November 2005.
On 26 July 2006 he scored a 92nd minute equalizing goal for Sheriff against Spartak Moscow in the second qualifying round of the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League. 
In March 2007 he went on trial with Israeli Premier League side Hapoel Kfar Saba. He scored in a Toto Cup game, but did not sign for them as he found the challenge of the Swedish Allsvenskan more promising.
Helsingborg.
Omotoyossi signed for Helsingborg in summer 2007. In the role of Henrik Larsson's strike partner, Omotoyossi finished the 2007 season as joint top scorer having scored 14 goals in 23 games. 
In the 2007–08 UEFA Cup, he scored twice in the first two qualifying rounds. His first goal came in the First leg of the First qualifying round home win over Estonian Meistriliiga side Narva Trans on 19 July 2007, and he then scored in the Second qualifying round, Second leg, a 3-0 home win over League of Ireland Premier Division side Drogheda United. He then added a further four goals in the group stage as Helsingborg finished second in Group H.
Omotoyossi had scored six goals in six matches, (3 goals against Heereveen of Netherlands, 2 against Austria Vienna and 1 against the Turkish Giants Galatasaray) making him top scorer alongside teammate Henrik Larsson and Luca Toni of Bayern Munich.His six goals were critical in Helsingborgs booking their passage to the last 32. With six goals in a total of eight games, Omotoyossi finished as joint 4th top scorer in the tournament. Despite being a top-scorer in Helsingborg. 
He also appeared that year in Italy's Guerin Sportivo as one of the world's top 50 stars for the very near future. This record caught the eye of Dutch Eredivisie side SC Heerenveen, and it was rumoured that they wanted the striker as a replacement for Brazilian striker Afonso Alves who was set to leave for English side Middlesbrough. 
After the January transfer window had shut, it was revealed that Omotoyossi had declined a move to Dutch Eredivisie side, FC Groningen, in a deal that would have been worth $2.5M.
Al-Nassr.
In July 2008 Omotoyossi signed for Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia for $3M.
He had a short stint at the Arabian club in which he appeared in nine games, scoring four goals in the 2008–09 season as Al-Nassr finished 5th in the Saudi Professional League.
FC Metz.
On 9 June 2009 Omotoyoissi signed a three-year contract with French Ligue 2 side FC Metz. He scored twice in 8 starts and 14 as a substitute player as Metz finished fourth in the 2009–10 season, just missing out on promotion to Ligue 1.
GAIS.
On 30 March 2011 Swedish club GAIS confirmed that they had signed Omotoyossi, he was signed on a short term contract until July.
Syrianska FC.
On 21 July 2011 Omotoyossi signed a short term contract with Syrianska FC where he only played 5 matches before leaving to Egypt's Zamalek
Zamalek SC.
On 15 September 2011 Omotoyossi signed a three-year contract with the Egyptian giants Zamalek The international star later stated that it will be an honor for him to play for the Cairo giants and train under the command of Egyptian coaching legend Hassan Shehata.He made his debut for the team in a league match against El-Entag El-Harby.
International career.
Omotoyossi has represented Benin at under-20 and full international levels.
On 10 June 2005 he scored in the Group A 1-1 draw with Australia at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands. It was Benin's first-ever goal at a world finals. "I always want to score goals, every time I go out on the pitch." he said at the time. On 7 February 2007 he scored in a 2-1 friendly defeat to Senegal in Rouen, France. 
He played in the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations, scoring one goal in qualification - in the 4-1 home win over Togo on 19 June 2007 as Benin finished second in Group 9 to qualify for the finals in Ghana. Then in the finals, where Benin finished last place in Group B he scored a late consolation goal as Benin lost 4-1 to Côte d'Ivoire on 25 January 2008. 
He scored eight goals in eight matches in 2008 for the national team, making him joint top scorer in the African World Cup/Nations Cup qualifiers with Samuel Eto'o.
He scored six goals in the Second round of qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup as Benin finished top in Group 3. His first two goals came on 8 June 2008 in the 4–1 win over Uganda. Six days later he scored in the 2–0 away win over Niger. On 7 September, his two goals in the 3–2 home win over Angola helped book Benin their place in the Third round. His sixth goal came in the final group game, a 2–1 away defeat to Uganda on 12 October.
In the Third and final qualification round, he scored twice as Benin finished second in Group D, just missing out on qualifying for the World Cup finals. He scored Benin's winning goal against Sudan on 5 June 2009, and scored a penalty in their final group game, a 2–1 away win over Sudan on 10 November.

</doc>
<doc id="9876002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876002" title="Mirgas District">
Mirgas District

Mirgas District is one of six districts of the province Antonio Raymondi in Peru.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (94.12%) learnt to speak in childhood, 5.70% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9876015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876015" title="Akin Free Library">
Akin Free Library

The Akin Free Library on Quaker Hill is a historic eclectic late Victorian stone building in the hamlet of Quaker Hill, town of Pawling, Dutchess County, New York, USA, listed in the National Register of Historic Places as a historic place of local significance since 1991.
The Akin Free Library was a gift from the Quaker Albert J. Akin (1803–1903), founder of the Bank of Pawling and the Mizzentop Hotel on Quaker Hill. The building was designed by the architect John A. Wood and constructed in the years 1898 until 1908.
The library itself is located on the first floor of the building. Among others, its holdings of several thousand books contain books of local interest and by local authors, a children's section, and newspaper collections.
Museums.
The Historical Society Museum occupies the second floor of the building. Its collections include objects pertaining to the local history such as period and Quaker clothing, tools and artwork, bowling pins from the Mizzentop Hotel, and the service window from the old Quaker Hill Post Office.
The lower floor of the building houses the Olive Gunnison Natural History Museum, which displays about 200 mounted birds, rocks and minerals, as well as a shrunken human head.
Location.
The address of the library is 378 Old Quaker Hill Road, Pawling, NY 12564.

</doc>
<doc id="9876016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876016" title="San Juan de Rontoy District">
San Juan de Rontoy District

San Juan de Rontoy District is one of six districts of the province Antonio Raymondi in Peru.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (85.62%) learnt to speak in childhood, 13.91% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9876049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876049" title="Tea tasting">
Tea tasting

Tea tasting is the process in which a trained taster determines the quality of a particular tea. Due to climatic conditions, topography, manufacturing process, and different clones of the "Camellia sinensis" plant (tea), the final product may have vastly differing flavours and appearance. These differences can be tasted by a trained taster in order to ascertain the quality prior to sale or possibly blending tea.
Techniques.
A tea taster uses a large spoon and noisily slurps the liquid into his/her mouth - this ensures that both the tea and plenty of oxygen is passed over all the taste receptors on the tongue to give an even taste profile of the tea. The liquid is then usually spat back out into a spitoon before moving onto the next sample to taste. The flavour characteristics and indeed leaf colour, size and shape are graded using a specific language created by the tea industry to explain the overall quality. Generally speaking, once the quality has been tasted/graded, each tea company places a value on it based on market trends, availability and demand.

</doc>
<doc id="9876058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876058" title="St George's Fields (Bayswater, London)">
St George's Fields (Bayswater, London)

St George's Fields are a former burial ground of St George's, Hanover Square, lying between Connaught Street and Bayswater Road de-consecrated and sold off by the Church Commissioners in the 1970s to be built upon by The Utopian Housing Association, a housing trust.
The architects, Design 5, used a ziggurat style of building (similar to the Brunswick by Patrick Hodgkinson, retaining much of the open space whilst creating 300 dwellings. Parts of the double walls surrounding the burial ground - reputedly designed to frustrate grave robbers - have been preserved along with a number of tombstones.
The burial ground was also used for years as an archery ground, hence the nearby Archery Close and one of the new buildings being called Archery Steps.
The estate is now in private ownership however the grounds of St George's Fields are opened to the public once a year under the London Garden Square Scheme when one of London's oldest plane trees, with a girth of over , may be seen set amongst the other trees.
Although the buildings on the estate are not listed they have been included within the Bayswater Road Conservation Area established by the City of Westminster to preserve the amenities of this historic area.
Within ten minutes walk is London Paddington station The nearest London Underground stations are Marble Arch Lancaster Gate on the Central line and the edgware road station.
Post Code to look up location on either GPS or a map is W2 2YE.
References.
Modernist Estates

</doc>
<doc id="9876059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876059" title="Harjant Gill">
Harjant Gill

Harjant Gill is a South Asian documentary filmmaker and an assistant professor of anthropology at Towson University. His films include Milind Soman Made Me Gay which explores the themes of home and belonging among gay South Asians and Roots of Love which looks at the changing significance of hair and turban among Sikhs in India, produced by PSBT. His production company is called Tilotama Productions.
Personal life.
Gill was born in Chandigarh, India and moved to the U.S. with his family when he was just shy of 14. He grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area, CA and went to San Francisco State University. Harjant Gill received his Ph.D. in anthropology from American University. He now lives in Washington DC where he teaches anthropology and cultural studies at Towson University in Maryland.).

</doc>
<doc id="9876088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876088" title="Pensarn">
Pensarn

Pensarn is a suburb of Abergele in Conwy County Borough, Wales. It has a population of around 2,000.
The name Pensarn means 'end of the causeway' in English. The crossing of Morfa Rhuddlan was facilitated by a causeway near the sea, located at this point. This causeway was later flanked by the holiday developments along the coast.
Pensarn is served by Abergele and Pensarn railway station, the A55 and National Cycle Route 5

</doc>
<doc id="9876094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876094" title="List of Ojibwa ethnonyms">
List of Ojibwa ethnonyms

This is a list of various names the Ojibwa have been recorded.
Endonyms.
Anishinaabe(g).
The most general name for the Ojibwa is "Anishinaabe". Though several definitions are given for this name, the most common one is "spontaneous men", referring to their creation as being "ex nihilo", thus being the "Original men." When syncoped, the name appears as "Nishnaabe":
In more recent spelling includes:
Inini(wag).
The general term for many Ojibwa is to refer to themselves as an "Inini" ("man"), opposed to some other life forms:
Ojibwe(g).
Several different explanations are given for the common name Ojibwe.
Today, it finds its way in English as "Ojibwa(y)" or "Chippewa", but have had many different recorded variations in the past:
Baawitigong.
Due to the long association of the Ojibwa with the Sault Ste. Marie region, and more specifically with the Rapids of the St. Mary's River, the common name for the Ojibwa became Baawitigong, meaning "those at the rapids":
Nii’inawe(g).
The term Nii'inawe means "who speak our nation's language" and is a generic term used by the Algonquian peoples to refer to fellow Algonquian peoples.
Bangii(yaad).
The term Bangii means "a little bit", often used to refer to the Métis:
Exonyms.
Wendat names.
The general Wendat name for the Ojibwa is "Ehstihaĝeron(on)," which is a translation of "Baawitigong":
French names.
The general French name for the Ojibwa is "Saulteur(s)", a translation of "Baawitigong". In early French North America, the term "sault" referred to a type of rapids in which the waters appeared to tumble or roll: 
Dakota names.
The general Dakota name for the Ojibwa is "Iyoħaħáņtoņ(waņ)" or "those at the waterfall", which is a loose translation of “Baawitigong”:
Iroquoian names.
The general Iroquoian name for the Ojibwa is "Dwăkănĕņ", recorded variously as:

</doc>
<doc id="9876099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876099" title="Communist Party of Spain (Marxist–Leninist)">
Communist Party of Spain (Marxist–Leninist)

Communist Party of Spain (Marxist–Leninist) () is a communist party in Spain, founded in 2006 by the "Statewide Coordination of Communist Organizations" (CEOC) as a unification of 4 communist organizations.
PCE (m-l) publishes "Octubre" every month and is an active member of the International Conference of Marxist-Leninist Parties and Organizations (Unity & Struggle).

</doc>
<doc id="9876115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876115" title="KYMK-FM">
KYMK-FM

KYMK-FM is a commercial radio station located in Maurice, Louisiana, broadcasting to the Lafayette, Louisiana area on 106.3 FM. KYMK airs an adult album alternative music format branded as "106.3 Radio Lafayette." Pittman flipped 106.3 to urban contemporary (as "The Juice 106.3" in 2009. Before that, they flipped to Hot AC from Jones Radio Networks' Smooth Jazz format on Friday, March 28, 2008. On March 31, the station officially switched calls from KKSJ to KYMK. As a smooth jazz-formatted station, KKSJ was branded as "Smooth Jazz 106".

</doc>
<doc id="9876122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876122" title="Gateshead Senators">
Gateshead Senators

Gateshead Senators are a British American Football Team based in Gateshead at Monkton Stadium.
Origins.
The Senators started life in the 1980s as the Newcastle Senators, rising out of the ashes of the aptly named Newcastle Browns, and playing at Northern Rugby Club in Newcastle. The club had two very successful seasons winning the Division 1 title with a 10-0 record and gained promotion to the National Division for the following season.
The Senators gained new players when the area's only other team, the Trojans, folded. In the National Division the team had a 4-6 record and gained the respect of many of the country's top sides.
In 1988 the Senators moved across the Tyne to Gateshead International Stadium. With this move the club also changed its name to the Gateshead International Senators, cementing the links with the stadium and giving them the nickname the GI's.
New players came from around the region, including many from the Tyneside Tigers, who were experiencing difficulties. In 1995, the end of the Stockton Gators led to further influx of new and experienced players, ready for the 1996 campaign.
The Club Today.
The team has players from Newcastle, Gateshead, Sunderland, Washington, Darlington, Teesside and Durham, making the Senators a truly North East team.
1999 of course proved the most successful in the team's history, going all the way and winning the Division 1 title.
In 2000, 2001 and 2002, the Senators again reached the playoffs, but could not go all the way again. The team moved to Division 2 for 2003 because of player retirements and the need to rebuild but this sparked a rebirth, and the team went 10-0 in 2003 and reached the semi-final. The Senators were promptly returned to Div 1 and remain one of the UK's top clubs, and always a serious contender, reaching the playoffs in every subsequent season until 2007 and now after league reorganisation, remain in the top flight, playing in the Premier Division. Despite their poor record in 2007, the club retained its place in the Premier Division for 2008.
The team opted to compete in the National Division in 2013, and advanced all the way to the Britbowl National Final, losing out to the Colchester Gladiators at John Charles Stadium, Leeds. It was a successful season however, as Gateshead twice defeated local rivals the DC Presidents in the regular season, as well as the Merseyside Nighthawks and Chester Romans in the play-offs on their way to the National Final. The Senators will once again compete in the Premier Division for the 2014 season.
Historic Results.
2013 National Division (North) 8-1-1*2007 BAFL Premier 3-6-12006 BAFL Division 1 North 8-2*2005 BAFL Division 1 North 8-2*2004 BAFL Division 1 North 6-2-1*2003 BAFL Division 2 North 10-0*2002 BAFL Division 1 North 5-5*2001 BAFL Division 1 North 5-3*2000 BAFL Division 1 North 5-3*
"*made playoffs"
Youth Team.
The Senators offer a full youth programme, including fully kitted football catering for age groups 15 to 19. The Youth team are have won the past 2 Northern Conference titles (2007 & 2008) they have gone on to represent the north of Britain vs the London warriors at Doncaster keepmoat stadium.
In 2011, the Youth team managed to get to the Final of the Brit Bowl, but were beaten by the London Blitz in Crystal Palace.
The Senators are providing a training scheme for flag football and there are training sessions at Gateshead Stadium and schools within the local area.
Youth Head Coach David Wilson can be contacted via email at david.wilson@gateshead-senators.co.uk
The Youth kitted team plays in the BAFA (British American Fottball Association) Youth League.
Flag football is a fast growing, non contact variant of American football, long popular in the USA, and gaining in popularity in the UK. It means that young people can learn all about the game in safety.

</doc>
<doc id="9876135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876135" title="Gwrych Castle">
Gwrych Castle

Gwrych Castle is a Grade I listed 19th-century country house near Abergele in Conwy county borough, Wales.
History.
Gwrych Castle was erected between 1819 and 1825 at the behest of Lloyd Hesketh Bamford-Hesketh, grandfather of Winifred Cochrane, Countess of Dundonald. From 1894 until 1924, when the Countess died, it was the residence of the Dundonald family. The Countess left the castle in her will to King George V and the then Prince of Wales (who later became King Edward VIII). However, the gift was refused and the castle passed to the Venerable Order of Saint John. In 1928, Douglas Cochrane, 12th Earl of Dundonald, purchased the castle for £78,000, selling the contents to meet the cost.
During World War II, the Government used the castle to house 200 Jewish refugees run by the Jewish Zionist youth movement Bnei Akiva. Following the war, the castle left the Dundonald family and was open to the public for twenty years. It was called "The Showpiece of Wales" at this time, and attracted many visitors. It was also used as a training venue for the English World Middleweight boxing champion Randolph Turpin in the early 1950s. In the early 60s it was an occasional venue for the famous motorcycle Dragon Rally and in the 70s it was used as a centre for medieval re-enactments, attracting tourists with such events as jousting and mock banquets.
The castle was last open to the public in 1985. Thereafter, it started to decline. It was bought in 1989 by Nick Tavaglione, an American businessman, for £750,000. However, his plans to renovate the building were not carried out. As a result, the castle was extensively looted and vandalised, becoming little more than a derelict shell, although it was used in 1996 as the backdrop for "Prince Valiant", a film starring Edward Fox, Joanna Lumley and Katherine Heigl.
During the period of Tavaglione's ownership, historian Mark Baker campaigned for the castle to be brought back to its days of glory—a campaign that he started when he was twelve years old. Baker was instrumental in forming the Gwrych Castle Preservation Trust, dedicated to ensuring the castle's future. The condition of the property was monitored by the Trust, who lobbied Conwy council to compulsorily purchase the property, eventually placing enough pressure on the American owner, who put it up for sale in March 2006.
City Services Ltd, trading as Clayton Homes and Clayton Hotels, bought the castle in January 2007 for £850,000, after it failed to reach its £1.5m reserve price at the 2 June 2006 auction. On 30 April 2007, Clayton Hotels announced a 3-year project, costing £6,000,000, to renovate the castle and convert it into a 90-bedroom 5-star hotel, creating 100 jobs. The project was subject to planning permission, but had the support of the Trust. Clayton Hotels spent about half a million pounds on its plans, clearing the site and rebuilding areas. After Clayton Hotels was placed in administration, new developers obtained fresh planning permission in November 2012 from Conwy County Borough Council for the castle to be converted into a luxury hotel with 75 bedrooms and associated facilities.
Books about Gwrych Castle.
Note: The Gwrych Castle Trust Archive and the National Library of Wales hold important materials relating to Gwrych, including numerous original plans and various designs for the stained glass windows.

</doc>
<doc id="9876145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876145" title="Andreas Landgren">
Andreas Landgren

Sven Andreas Landgren (born 17 March 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Halmstads BK on loan from Fredrikstad FK as a midfielder.
He started his professional career in Helsingborgs IF, where his father Svein Åke played almost 350 matches. In 2010, Landgren transferred to Italian side Udinese. He did not play any first-team matches for the club, and was loaned out to Willem II during the 2010–11 Eredivisie season. He joined Norwegian side Fredrikstad on loan in mid-2011, and joined the club permanently ahead of the 2012 season. After Fredrikstad was relegated from the Tippeligaen, Landgren moved back to Sweden where he joined Halmstads BK on loan in April 2013.
Club career.
Landgren made his Allsvenskan debut in 2006. After a string of strong matches during the friendly season, he was promoted to the senior squad of Helsingborgs IF in 2007. He can play either as a midfielder, defensiv midfielder and right back. On 11 January 2010 Udinese Calcio officialized the arrival of the 20-year old Swedish defensive midfielder from Helsingborgs IF.
On 16 January 2010, he played his first match for Udinese's youth team.
In the 2010–11 season, Landgren played on loan for the Dutch side Willem II when the team was relegated from the Eredivisie. He joined the Norwegian side Fredrikstad on loan in August 2011. After the 2011 season, Landgren joined Fredrikstad permanently. After Fredrikstad was relegated from the Tippeligaen in 2012, Landgren joined the Allsvenskan side Halmstads BK on loan ahead of the 2013 season.
International career.
Landgren represented the Swedish under-21 team, where he played 15 matches. He was also a part of the Swedish squad in the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. He made his debut for the Swedish national team in a friendly match against Mexico in January 2009.
Personal life.
He is the son of Sven-Åke Landgren, which almost 350 first-team matches for Helsingborgs IF, and was named in the "all-time Helsingborgs team" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9876148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876148" title="Stanley Prager">
Stanley Prager

Stanley Prager (January 8, 1917 – January 18, 1972) was an American actor and a television and theatre director.
Life and career.
Born in New York City, Prager began his career as the stage manager for the Broadway production "The Skin of Our Teeth" in 1942. He spent the remainder of the decade acting in mostly B-movies, with occasional roles in better films such as "A Bell for Adano", "Gun Crazy", "In the Meantime, Darling", and "A Foreign Affair".
After his name appeared on the Hollywood blacklist, Prager returned to Broadway as a performer in "Two on the Aisle", "Two's Company", "Room Service", and "The Pajama Game". He switched gears and began directing with Neil Simon's "Come Blow Your Horn" in 1961. Additional theatre directing credits include "Bravo Giovanni", "Minnie's Boys", "Don't Drink the Water", and "70, Girls, 70".
Prager's television directing credits include "The Love Song of Barney Kempinski" for "ABC Stage 67", "Car 54, Where Are You?", and "The Patty Duke Show". For producer Sidney Pink, Prager directed two films in Europe: "Madigan's Millions" the first film to star Dustin Hoffman, and "The Bang-Bang Kid" starring Tom Bosley and Guy Madison.
Johnson married actree Georgann Johnson on July 31, 1954; they remained together until his death on January 18, 1972. The couple had four children, which include former teen actresses Anne and Sally Prager. Prager died of a heart attack at his home at the time with Johnson in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9876163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876163" title="Leaving">
Leaving

Leaving or Leavin' may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9876168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876168" title="Bauhaus Project (computing)">
Bauhaus Project (computing)

The Bauhaus project is a software research project collaboration among the University of Stuttgart, the University of Bremen, and a commercial spin-off company Axivion formerly called Bauhaus Software Technologies. The Bauhaus project serves the fields of software maintenance and software reengineering.
Created in response to the problem of software rot, the project aims to analyze and recover the means and methods developed for legacy software by understanding the software's architecture. As part of its research, the project develops software tools (such as the Bauhaus Toolkit) for software architecture, software maintenance and reengineering and program understanding. 
The project derives its name from the former Bauhaus art school.
History.
The Bauhaus project was initiated by Erhard Ploedereder, Ph.D. and Rainer Koschke, Ph.D. at the University of Stuttgart in 1996. It was originally a collaboration between the Institute for
Computer Science (ICS) of the University of Stuttgart and the Fraunhofer-Institut für Experimentelles Software Engineering (IESE), which is no longer involved.
The commercial spin-off Axivion was started in 2005.
Today, the research is done at Axivion, the Institute of Software Technology, Department of Programming Languages at the University of Stuttgart as well as at the Software Engineering Group of the Faculty 03 at the University of Bremen.
Bauhaus Toolkit.
The Bauhaus Toolkit (or simply the "Bauhaus tool") includes a static code analysis tool for C, C++, C#, Java and Ada code. It comprises various analyses such as architecture checking, interface analysis, and clone detection. Bauhaus was originally derived from the older Rigi reverse engineering environment, which was expanded by Bauhaus due to the Rigi's limitations. It is among the most notable visualization tools in the field.
The Bauhaus tool suite aids the analysis of source code by creating abstractions (representations) of the code in an intermediate language as well as through a resource flow graph (RFG). The RFG is a hierarchal graph with typed nodes and edges, which are structured in various views. 
The toolkit is licensed at no charge for academic use. For commercial use, the project has created a spin-off company, Axivion, to provide licensing and support under the name Axivion Bauhaus Suite.
Project funding.
The Bauhaus project was funded by the state of Baden-Württemberg, the Deutschen Forschungsgemeinschaft, the Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung, T-Nova Deutsche Telekom Innovationsgesellschaft Ltd., and Xerox Research.
Axivion.
Axivion is headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany. It is a spin-off of the University of Stuttgart. The commercial-use version of the Bauhaus tool is called the Axivion Bauhaus Suite.
Reception.
The Bauhaus tool suite has been use successfully in research and commercial projects. It has been noted that Bauhaus is "the perhaps most extensive" customization of the well-known Rigi environment,
The members of the project were repeatedly awarded with Best Paper Awards and were invited to submit journal papers several times.
In 2003, the Bauhaus project received the "do it.software award" from MFG Stiftung Baden-Württemberg.

</doc>
<doc id="9876181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876181" title="In the Country of Men">
In the Country of Men

In the Country of Men is the debut novel of Libyan writer Hisham Matar, first published in 2006 by Viking, an imprint of Penguin Books. It was nominated for the 2006 Man Booker Prize and the Guardian First Book Award. It has so far been translated into 22 languages and was awarded the 2007 Royal Society of Literature Ondaatje Prize as well as a host of international literary prizes. The book was also nominated for the 2007 National Book Critics Circle Award in the U.S.
Plot summary.
The book follows the plight of Suleiman, a nine-year-old boy living in Tripoli in Libya, stuck between a father whose clandestine anti-Gaddafi activities bring about searches, stalkings and telephone eavesdroppings by Gaddafi's state police, and a vulnerable young mother who resorts to various drugs to bury her anxiety and anger. The only people he has to turn to are his neighbour Kareem, and his father's best friend Moosa. The book provides a gripping description of Libya under Gaddafi's terror regime, and a beautiful narration of ordinary people's lives as they try to survive the political oppression.

</doc>
<doc id="9876194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876194" title="With Apologies to Jesse Jackson">
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson

"With Apologies to Jesse Jackson" is the first episode of the eleventh season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 154th episode overall. It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 7, 2007. In the episode, Randy becomes known as "the nigger guy" after saying the racial slur "niggers" on national television, leaving Stan trying to understand how black people really feel when the word is used. Meanwhile, a dwarf has a hard time trying to teach Cartman to be sensitive.
The episode was written by series co-creator Trey Parker and was rated TV-MA in the United States.
Plot.
Randy appears on "Wheel of Fortune" and is presented with a bonus round puzzle whose category is "People Who Annoy You". Randy is given the letters: R, T, S, L, and E. He adds the letters: B, N, G, and O leaving the puzzle to spell: N_GGERS. With five seconds to go he reluctantly answers ""niggers"" on live national television, shocking his family, friends and millions of viewers nationwide and angering African-Americans. The buzzer sounds and Randy loses; the correct answer is ""naggers"" and everyone stops in shock. The next day, Cartman warns a thoroughly humiliated Stan that Token will be mad at him, so Stan attempts to defend his father. Stan talks to Token and he tells him that his dad can sometimes be stupid, such as blurting out the "N" word, and Stan tells him that it is not a big deal. Token tells Stan he does not understand how black people feel about that word. Despite Cartman's attempts to escalate the incident into a "race war", Token refuses to fight. Cartman takes this sign of defeat as a victory and announces "Whites win again!"
Randy attempts to rectify his mistake by officially apologizing to Rev. Jesse Jackson. Jackson only accepts after Randy kisses his buttocks, of which a photo is published in several newspapers. Stan thinks everything is okay now, but Token angrily states that "Jesse Jackson is not the emperor of black people!" Meanwhile, Randy goes to a comedy club where the black comedian recognizes and points Randy out while jokingly calling him "the nigger guy", which soon catches on as Randy's new epithet.
Randy continues trying to redeem himself by founding a scholarship for blacks. However, he is soon accosted by a gang of socially progressive rednecks, who hunt "the nigger guy". They criticize him for "slandering an entire race of people on Wheel of Fortune" and say "We don't take kindly to social ignorance." A group of other "nigger guys", including Michael Richards and Mark Fuhrman, scare the rednecks away and invite Randy to join their organization of people who have become pariahs for the use of the word "nigger". They successfully lobby Congress to pass a law saying at least seven words must always separate the words "nigger" and "guy".
Back at school, a dwarf by the name of Dr. David Nelson is called in to give a presentation on sensitivity. He insists "Words are like bullets. I let them pass through me." As soon as Cartman sees him, he begins to laugh, disrupting the assembly so Dr. Nelson cannot speak. Dr. Nelson decides to go against his standards and get revenge by making the other kids mock Cartman's weight problem; however, he is frustrated as Cartman continues to laugh uncontrollably at him. Cartman and Dr. Nelson wrestle while the song "Down with the Sickness" by Disturbed plays. Cartman gains the upper hand and forces Dr. Nelson to submit by saying "uncle" and "Carol Anne, don't go into the light!" Cartman then gets up and starts to walk away, laughing and preparing to gloat about his victory. As Cartman turns his back on Dr. Nelson, however, Dr. Nelson surprises Cartman and kicks him to the ground. Dr. Nelson walks away, claiming victory and to have proven his point. Cartman remains unaffected and continues to point and laugh at Dr. Nelson uncontrollably, clearly ignoring Dr. Nelson's desire for sensitivity. Stan and Kyle say that they have no idea what Dr. Nelson's point was, but then Stan concludes that not knowing the point "is" the point. He explains to Token that, as a white person, he will "never" understand why Token is so upset by the word, and why it can make black people mad when a white person says it in any context. Token is finally satisfied that Stan gets that he does not get it, thus creating an understanding between them.
Reception.
This episode received coverage by the CNN programs "Showbiz Tonight" and "Paula Zahn Now" in the days following the broadcast of this episode. Kovon and Jill Flowers, who co-founded the organization Abolish the "N" Word, which is linked with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, praised this episode, saying it was a good example of how it felt to be called "nigger".
Parents Television Council founder L. Brent Bozell claimed that there was a lack of protest against this episode compared to radio host Don Imus's comments about the Rutgers University women's basketball team, even challenging Flowers' comments that the episode's use of "nigger" was not intended to be racist, but in fact the theme of the episode was to argue against those who support civility. The PTC named this episode, along with the episode of "The Sarah Silverman Program" that aired right after this episode, the "Worst Cable Content of the Week" in its campaign for cable choice. The episode received about 2.8 million viewers.
At over 22,500,000 views, "With Apologies to Jesse Jackson" is currently the most popular episode available on the South Park Studios website.

</doc>
<doc id="9876198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876198" title="Oscar Kramer">
Oscar Kramer

Oscar Kramer (25 May 1935 – 7 April 2010) was an Argentine film producer. He was born in Buenos Aires. He worked in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9876210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876210" title="Elena Petreska">
Elena Petreska

Elena Petreska () is a young Macedonian pop singer from Prilep. She started her career singing at children festivals and carried on with her studies on the Music Academy in Skopje. Currently she is working on her second album which has not got a name yet.
Elena finished on the fifth place with 67 points at Skopje Festival 2007 (the Macedonian Eurovision selection) with the song "Peam" ("I sing"). During the Montengrin festival, Budva 2007, Elena Petreska came in ninth place with the song "Kad Leptir Sleti" ("When the Butterfly Flies").

</doc>
<doc id="9876212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876212" title="Sir John Carmichael-Anstruther, 5th Baronet">
Sir John Carmichael-Anstruther, 5th Baronet

Sir John Carmichael-Anstruther, 5th Baronet (1 June 1785 – 28 January 1818) was a British Member of Parliament for Anstruther-Easter Burghs between 1811 and 1818.
He was the son of Sir John Anstruther of that Ilk, 4th and 1st Bt. (1753–1811) and Maria Isabella Brice and was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. He was admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1806.
He succeeded to the title of 5th and 2nd Baronet Anstruther, Lanarkshire on 26 January 1811, 
He inherited the estates and baronetcy of Carmichael and Westraw, Lanarkshire, on the death of his cousin, Andrew Carmichael, 6th Earl of Hyndford on 18 April 1817.
References.
http://www.enotes.com/topic/Sir_John_Carmichael-Anstruther,_5th_Baronet

</doc>
<doc id="9876213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876213" title="Ruscombe">
Ruscombe

Ruscombe is a village and civil parish, east of Twyford in the Borough of Wokingham in Berkshire, England.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of St James was built in the late 12th century. Its Norman chancel survives but its nave and west tower were rebuilt in 1638–39. The church is a Grade I listed building.
St James' is now part of a united benefice with St. Mary's, Twyford. The benefice is in turn part of a local ecumenical partnership with Twyford United Reformed Church.
Notable people.
William Penn, the founder of Pennsylvania, lived in Ruscombe from 1710 to 1718.
The actor Dennis Price, co-star of the film "Kind Hearts and Coronets", was born in Ruscombe in 1915.
Amenities.
Ruscombe Football Club plays in the Reading Sunday League.

</doc>
<doc id="9876223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876223" title="Synecdemus">
Synecdemus

The Synecdemus or Synekdemos () is a geographic text, attributed to Hierocles, which contains a table of administrative divisions of the Byzantine Empire and lists of the cities of each. The work is dated to the reign of Justinian but prior to 535, as it divides the 912 listed cities in the Empire among 64 Eparchies. The "Synecdemus" is thus one of the most invaluable monuments which we have to study the political geography of the sixth century East. The "Synecdemus", along with the work of Stephanus of Byzantium were the principal sources of Constantine VII's work on the Themes (De Thematibus). 
The "Synecdemus" has been published in various editions from 1735, notably by Gustav Parthey ("Hieroclis Synecdemus"; Berlin, 1866) and slightly later in a corrected text by A. Burckhardt in the Teubner series (Hieroclis Synecdemus; Leipzig, 1893). The most recent major publication was by E. Honigmann (Le Synekdèmos d'Hiéroklès et l'opuscule géographique de Georges de Chypre; Brussels, 1939).

</doc>
<doc id="9876228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876228" title="A115 autoroute">
A115 autoroute

The A115 autoroute is a motorway in Île-de-France in France. It is a 13 km long spur of the A15 autoroute, linking it to the RN 184 near Méry-sur-Oise.
History.
The motorway first linked Sannois to Beauchamp then Taverny in 2000 by a 1 km long tunnel. The last part of the motorway was opened in September 2004, linking Taverny to Méry-sur-Oise and thus linking the RN 184 to the A15.

</doc>
<doc id="9876245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876245" title="Dennstaedtia">
Dennstaedtia

Dennstaedtia is a primarily tropical genus of ferns with some 59 species (some say 80 species). Its best-known member is probably the temperate North-American hay-scented fern (pictured in the taxobox), which forms extensive clonal ground-cover colonies on level surfaces in the Appalachian area.
Full list of Dennstaedtia species:
External links.
http://homepages.caverock.net.nz/~bj/fern/dennstaedtia.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9876279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876279" title="Wolfgang Huber">
Wolfgang Huber

Wolfgang Huber (born August 12, 1942 in Strasbourg, Germany) is a prominent German theologian and ethicist. Huber served as bishop of the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia until November 2009. Huber succeeded Manfred Kock as Chairperson of the Council of the Evangelical Church in Germany (EKD) in November 2003 and was succeeded by Bishop Margot Käßmann, the first woman in that position, in October 2009.
Life.
Huber is the youngest of five brothers and grew up in Falkau in the Black Forest and later in Freiburg im Breisgau. He married the primary school teacher and author Kara Huber in 1966 and they have three children and two grandchildren. His father was Ernst Rudolf Huber, a well-known lawyer and German constitutional scholar. Huber’s mother was the attorney Tula Huber-Simons.
Huber studied Protestant theology from 1960 to 1966 at the University of Heidelberg, University of Göttingen and at the University of Tübingen where he received his doctorate in 1966. He finished his Habilitation at the University of Heidelberg in 1972.
After working in the Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Württemberg from 1966 to 1968 Huber was appointed as researcher and later director of the Protestant Institute for Interdisciplinary Research in Heidelberg from 1968 until 1980. He served as member of a number of church organizations and committees: From 1973 to 1984 as member of the EKD’s Chamber for Public Responsibility, from 1975 to 1980 as member of the Evangelical Church of the Union’s Board, from 1980 to 1994 as member of the Deutscher Evangelischer Kirchentag’s executive committee from 1983 to 1985 as its president. He was appointed as Professor of Social Ethics at the University of Marburg in 1980, and Professor of Systematic Theology (with a focus on ethics) at the University of Heidelberg in 1984. In 1989 he was also Lilly Visiting Professor at Emory University. In 1993 he was chosen as Bishop of the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia, in 1997 as member of the Council of the EKD and in 2003 as Chairperson of the Council. From 1998 to 2001 Huber served as member of the Central and Executive Committees of the World Council of Churches.
Huber retired in November 2009. Markus Dröge succeeded him as Bishop and Margot Käßmann succeeded him as Chairperson of the EKD’s Council. Since retiring Huber has resumed many of his honorary and voluntary positions, amongst others his position as Chairperson of the Stiftung Garnisonkirche Potsdam and Dean of the Domstift Brandenburg. He continues to be engaged in public ethical debates and was chosen by the German Cabinet to serve on Germany’s Ethics Council in 2010. His research on ethics currently concerns the mediation of values in business and society.
Since choosing the position of Bishop of Berlin-Brandenburg above a seat in the German Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1993 Huber has not associated himself with any political party publicly. His was consequently considered as potential neutral candidate to replace the then President of Germany Horst Köhler after his resignation in 2010.
Thought.
Huber has worked on a wide variety and great number of ethical and theological themes. With his father Huber edited five volumes of documents on German church-state relations. His other publications include "Kirche und Öffentlichkeit" (1973), "Menschenrechte. Perspektiven einer menschlichen Welt" (1977, with Heinz Eduard Tödt), "Kirche" (1979), "Folgen christlicher Freiheit. Ethik und Theorie der Kirche im Horizont der Barmer Theologischen Erklärung" (1983), "Konflikt und Konsens. Studien zur Ethik der Verantwortung" (1990), "Friedensethik" (1990, with Hans-Richard Reuter), "Die tägliche Gewalt. Gegen den Ausverkauf der Menschenwürde" (1993), "Gerechtigkeit und Recht. Grundlinien christlicher Rechtsethik" (1996), "Kirche in der Zeitenwende. Gesellschaftlicher Wandel und Erneuerung der Kirche" (1998), "Vertrauen erneuern. Eine Reform um der Menschen willen" (2005)", Im Geist der Freiheit. Für eine Ökumene der Profile" (2007), "Der christliche Glaube. Eine evangelische Orientierung" (2008). As respected religious figure, academic and public intellectual Huber continues to initiate and contribute to a wide range of themes, amongst others by means of a large number of public lectures, sermons and public discussions.
Research on Huber’s thought emphasizes the centrality of the concept “communicative freedom” in his work. His theology and public engagement is characterized by the fact that Christianity is the religion of life-enabling freedom. He understands communicative freedom as a rearticulation of the Reformation’s rediscovery of freedom, as is clear in his use of Martin Luther’s theology to substantiate his understanding of freedom. Huber aims to reconcile individuality and sociality, by developing an understanding of freedom that transcends mere self-realisation. In his recent work he makes use of the term "responsible freedom" to denote this comprehensive understanding of freedom.
Following the sociologist Max Weber, the theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer and the philosopher Hans Jonas, Huber develops an ethics of responsibility for life in the context of modernity. This forms the starting point for Huber’s contributions to present-day ethical questions, as can be seen in his contributions to business ethics, political ethics and bio-ethics.
Huber is known for his opposition to embryology research. He understands human dignity as conferred by God, and expressed by the Christian conviction that the human person is created in the “image of God”. Human dignity cannot be equated with either the biological development or genetic characteristics as this contradicts the human person as subject of freedom. In Huber's view a human being is always a person and never simply an object.
Church reform.
As bishop and chairperson of the EKD’s Council Huber initiated and supported numerous reform programs. In the context of the challenges mainline Protestantism face, especially in the eastern parts of Germany, Huber advocated for a missionary reorientation of the church. For him church reform is closely connected to the rediscovery of the church’s evangelical essence and requires openness to those who have distanced themselves from the Christian faith. These impulses characterize the large-scale reform process, subsumed under the theme “Church of freedom”, which Huber headed. The document "Kirche der Freiheit" describes how the church can set its profile in society, whilst respecting societal plurality. This document formulates four goals for the reform of the Protestant church in Germany, namely (a) spiritual profiling instead of indistinct activity, (b) prioritising instead of aiming for completeness, (c) structural mobility and (d) shifting the focus of the activities of the church to the outside instead of self-contentment. In his own regional church Huber also oversaw a reform process, “Salt of the earth”. Huber’s tenure as chairperson of the EKD’s Council also saw the incorporation of the Vereinigte Evangelisch-Lutherische Kirche Deutschlands and the Union Evangelischer Kirchen with the EKD, the streamlining of regional churches from 23 to 21, and the initiation of further reform processes.
Ecumenical and inter-religious engagement.
Huber continuously engages in ecumenical and inter-religious discussions. He was the hosting bishop of the first Ecumenical Church Conference in Berlin in 2003, and during his meeting with Pope Benedict XVI in Cologne in 2005 Huber expressed the wish that ecumenical relations may develop to a phase of “profiled ecumenism”. This position also characterized his reaction to the Vatican’s declaration in 2007 that Protestant churches cannot be regarded as churches in the true sense of the word. The Archbishop of Canterbury invited Huber to address the Nikaean Club of Archbishops in 2009, where Huber identified “ecumenism of the indicative” – namely borne from the conferred unity in Christ, of faith and of baptism – as the basis for all ecumenical relations.
Huber regards religious pluralism as a defining characteristic of contemporary society. He understands the growing influence of Muslim minorities in western Europe (and particularly in his native Germany) as a legitimate example of growing religious pluralism. As chairperson of the EKD Huber campaigned for an open and regular dialogue between Christian and Muslim religious leaders. His insistence on clarity (“Klarheit”) and being good neighbours (“gute Nachbarschaft) – following a document published by the EKD – led to controversies within the EKD and between Protestants and Muslim conversation partners. Especially his warning not to engage in “interreligious cheating” (a formulation which he articulated for the first time in 2001) gave rise to a number of public discussions. A prominent German Muslim organisation reacted to the document published by the EKD by saying that it reinforces and legitimates existing prejudices against Islam. Huber reacted by stating the continued need for honest dialogue – including controversial themes such as freedom of religion and of the change of religion in Muslim countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9876303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876303" title="DZUP">
DZUP

DZUP 1602 (1602 kHz in Metro Manila) is a low-power AM campus radio station owned and operated by the University of the Philippines Diliman. It broadcasts from the 2nd floor, Media Center of the College of Mass Communication, U.P. Diliman campus, in Quezon City. While its transmitter is located at Village B corner Delos Reyes St., UP Village, Diliman, QC. It is being used as a laboratory for the Broadcast Communication students of the university. Its programming includes music programs and request shows to informative segments and talk shows. The station operates from 06:00am - 08:00pm, Mondays to Fridays. Broadcast-free during semestral breaks. Also, the station can be heard on the internet.
It serves as the community radio station of the U.P. Diliman campus. It has also become the bastion of freedom of expression and academic freedom within the university.

</doc>
<doc id="9876336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876336" title="GTCR">
GTCR

GTCR LLC is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout, leveraged recapitalization, growth capital and rollup transactions. Since 1980, GTCR has invested more than $10 billion in over 200 companies.
The firm principally invests in high-growth industries, including financial services & technology, healthcare, information services & technology, and growth business services.
The firm is based in Chicago and has more than 80 employees, including over 40 investment professionals.
History.
The company was founded in 1980 as Golder Thoma & Co. by Stanley Golder and Carl Thoma. In the 1970s, Golder built the private equity program at First Chicago Corp. where he is noted primarily for backing Federal Express and for efforts as chairman of the National Venture Capital Association and the National Association of Small Business Investment Companies to change federal laws allowing pensions to invest in private equity. Golder Thoma received much of its initial funding from William M. Blair and upon leaving First Chicago, Golder was replaced by John A. Canning, Jr. who would go on to found rival Chicago private equity firm Madison Dearborn.
In 1984, after recruiting Bryan Cressey to join the firm from First Chicago, the firm's name was changed to Golder Thoma Cressey and with the promotion of Bruce Rauner to partner the firm would come to be known as Golder, Thoma, Cressey, Rauner, Inc. (GTCR), although it would still often be referred to as Golder Thoma. 
In 1998, disagreements between the senior partners led Golder, Thoma, Cressey, Rauner, Inc. split into two private equity firms. Both firms continue to invest primarily through consolidations of specific industries, referred to as roll-ups: 
Investment funds.
GTCR invests through a series of private limited partnerships and its investors include a variety of pension funds (e.g., Washington State Investment Board, Pennsylvania State Employee's Retirement System) endowments and other institutional investors. 
Following its separation from Thoma Cressey (discussed above), GTCR has raised six private equity funds:

</doc>
<doc id="9876338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876338" title="Hundred of Charlton">
Hundred of Charlton

Charlton was a hundred in the English county of Berkshire. Like all hundreds, although never abolished, it effectively ceased to function after 1886.
Charlton was one of the seven hundreds of Windsor Forest. It consists of the parishes of Barkham, Finchampstead, Hurst (including Twyford), Shinfield and Swallowfield. Before the early 13th century, it also included what became the parishes of Arborfield, Crowthorne, Earley, Ruscombe, Sandhurst, Sonning, Wokingham and Woodley.

</doc>
<doc id="9876361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876361" title="Wendy Thomas">
Wendy Thomas

Melinda Lou "Wendy" Morse (née Thomas, born September 14, 1961) is the daughter and fourth child of American businessman Dave Thomas, the founder of the fast food brand Wendy's. Morse is best known for being the namesake and mascot of the brand. She uses the name Wendy Thomas in her role as a spokesperson for Wendy's.
Life.
Early life.
Melinda Lou Thomas was born on September 14, 1961, in Columbus, Ohio, the fourth child of Dave Thomas.
Importance to Wendy's.
As a child Morse was unable to pronounce L's, R's, Q's, and E's, struggling with her own name Melinda, and so became known by her nickname "Wendy" (with the pen-pin merger). Then 8-year old Wendy would eventually become the namesake behind the name of her father's restaurant Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers, or just "Wendy's" for short. In addition to being the namesake, her likeness was used as the Wendy's logo in the form of a young girl with red braids. 
Adulthood.
As an adult, Morse graduated from the University of Florida in 1983 with a bachelor's degree in consumerism. She owned several Wendy's restaurants near Dallas, Texas until 1999. After the death of her father Dave Thomas in 2002, Morse and her siblings bought restaurants in the Columbus, Ohio area. , Morse herself owned or co-owned more than 30 Wendy's stores. In November 2010, she began appearing in Wendy's ads on camera for the first time. (Her voice was featured in a 1989 ad giving her father advice from off-camera.) The 2010 ads aired first in Las Vegas, Nevada, Mobile, Alabama, and Virginia Beach, Virginia, test markets before being rolled out nationally.
Since April 2012, she is starring in a series of ads for Wendy's called "That's Wendy's Way", reinforcing the quality values in ingredients, preparation and service her father established. She also appeared in the 'Dave's Hot 'N Juicy Cheeseburger' commercial produced by Publicis Groupe's Kaplan Thaler Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9876372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876372" title="Billy Edd Wheeler">
Billy Edd Wheeler

Billy Edward "Edd" Wheeler (born December 9, 1932, Boone County, West Virginia) is an American songwriter, performer, writer, and visual artist. 
His songs include "Jackson" (Grammy award winner for Johnny Cash and June Carter) "The Rev. Mr. Black", "Desert Pete", "Anne", "High Flyin' Bird", "The Coming of the Roads", "It’s Midnight", "Ode to the Little Brown Shack Out Back", "Coal Tattoo", "Winter Sky", and "Coward of the County" (which inspired a 1981 television movie of the same name) and have been performed by over 160 artists including Judy Collins, Jefferson Airplane, Bobby Darin, The Kingston Trio, Neil Young, Kenny Rogers, Hazel Dickens, Florence and the Machine, Kathy Mattea, Nancy Sinatra, and Elvis Presley. "Jackson" was also recorded by Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon for the movie "Walk the Line".
Wheeler is the author-composer of eight plays and musicals, a folk opera ("Song of the Cumberland Gap"), commissioned by the National Geographic Society, and three outdoor dramas: the long-running "Hatfields & McCoys" at Beckley, West Virginia, "Young Abe Lincoln" at Lincoln City, Indiana, and "Johnny Appleseed", at Mansfield, Ohio. He has authored six books of humor, four with Loyal Jones of Berea, Kentucky: "Laughter in Appalachia", "Hometown Humor USA", "Curing the Cross-Eyed Mule", and "More Laughter in Appalachia", and two as sole author: "Outhouse Humor", and "Real Country Humor / Jokes from Country Music Personalities". His first novel, "Star of Appalachia", was published in January, 2004, and his second, co-written with Ewel Cornett, "Kudzu Covers Manhattan", in 2005. "Song of a Woods Colt", a book of poetry, was published in 1969. "Travis and Other Poems of the Swannanoa Valley (With Some Poems and Prayers by Dr. Henry W. Jensen)" was published in 1977. He was the featured author in "Appalachian Heritage" magazine’s 2008 winter issue, which included 16 of his original paintings. North Carolina’s "Our State" magazine featured him in its December, 2007 issue.
Wheeler graduated from Warren Wilson College in 1953, and Berea College in 1955. After service as a student pilot in the Navy, he served as Alumni Director of Berea College, and in 1961–62 attended the Yale School of Drama, majoring in playwriting. He is married to the former Mary Mitchell Bannerman. They have two adult children, Lucy and Travis, and live in Swannanoa, North Carolina.
Awards.
Wheeler was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2001, the West Virginia Music Hall of Fame in 2007, and the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame in 2011. He received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from his two alma maters: Berea College in 2004, and Warren Wilson College in 2011.
He has received 13 awards from ASCAP, the “Best Appalachian Poetry” from Morris Harvey College, and Billboard Magazine’s “Pacesetter Award for Music and Drama". In June, 2005, Country Music Television voted "Jackson" one of the Ten Greatest Love Songs of Country Music.

</doc>
<doc id="9876375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876375" title="Thomas H. Lee Partners">
Thomas H. Lee Partners

Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. is a private equity firm based in Boston, Massachusetts specializing in leveraged buyouts, growth capital, special situations, industry consolidations, and recapitalizations.
Founded in 1974, Thomas H. Lee Partners, often referenced as THL or THL Partners has raised approximately $22 billion of equity capital, investing in more than 100 businesses with an aggregate purchase price of more than $150 billion, completing over 200 add-on acquisitions. In 2012, Private Equity International ranked THL Partners 22nd of the top 300 private equity firms based on funds raised.
Thomas H. Lee Partners’ team includes 21 senior partners led by Anthony DiNovi and Scott M. Sperling, who became co-presidents of the firm in 1999. The firm's namesake, Thomas H. Lee, left the firm and formed Lee Equity Partners in 2006.
Investments.
The firm has raised $22 billion since inception and is currently investing out of its $10 billion sixth fund: 
"Source: Preqin"
Thomas H. Lee Partners invests in growth-oriented companies within three broad sectors: Business & Financial Services, Consumer & Healthcare, and Media & Information Services. The firm seeks acquisition candidates with opportunities for sustainable growth in their core and/or related businesses that are positioned to capitalize on key competitive advantages to increase market share, expand distribution or product lines and participate in industry consolidation. 
Notable transactions sponsored by the THL include Aramark, Conseco,
Ceridian,
Dunkin' Brands, 
Experian, Fidelity National Information Services, HomeSide Lending, Houghton Mifflin, inVentiv Health,
Michael Foods, The Nielsen Company, ProSiebenSat.1, Snapple, Warner Chilcott, Warner Music Group and West Corporation. 
On May 3, 2006, WMG apparently rejected a buyout offer from EMI In May 2011, the company announced its sale to Access Industries for US$3.3 billion in cash.The price represented $8.25 a share, a 34% premium over the six-month-before average price and a 4% premium over the day-before price but a drop of 70+% since 2007.[41 
Thomas H. Lee Partners' most recent fund has performed well, according to CalPERS.
Controversies.
Thomas H. Lee Partners is also known for its leveraged buyout acquisition in 2004 of Refco, a financial services company specializing in commodities and futures contracts, which collapsed suddenly in October 2005, only months after its IPO. Refco's collapse cost investors more than $1 billion sparking multiple suits for negligence against the firm. Thomas H. Lee Partners in turn sued Refco's auditors and former executives claiming they hid the fraud which caused Refco's collapse. Thomas H. Lee Partners has since settled all claims by Refco’s brokerage customers, bankruptcy trustee and shareholders.
Affiliates.
Thomas H. Lee Partners’ affiliates include:
THL Credit Advisors provides junior debt and equity to middle-market companies seeking capital for growth, acquisition, recapitalization and/or change of control.
TH Lee Putnam Ventures is a technology-focused private equity firm affiliated with Thomas H. Lee Partners and Putnam Investments, a leading global money management firm. TH Lee Putnam Ventures manages $1.1 billion in capital commitments and has invested approximately $850 million in more than 43 companies since the firm's formation in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9876390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876390" title="Patriotic hacking">
Patriotic hacking

Patriotic hacking is a term for computer hacking or system cracking in which citizens or supporters of a country, traditionally industrialized Western countries but increasingly developing countries, attempt to perpetrate attacks on, or block attacks by, perceived enemies of the state. Recent media attention has focused on efforts related to terrorists and their own attempts to conduct an online or electronic - cyberterrorism. Patriot hacking is illegal in countries such as the United States yet is on the rise elsewhere. "The FBI said that recent experience showed that an increase in international tension was mirrored in the online world with a rise in cyber activity such as web defacements and denial of service attacks," according to the BBC.
Examples.
War in Iraq - 2003.
At the onset of the War in Iraq in 2003, the FBI was concerned about the increase in hack attacks as the intensity of the conflict grew. Since then, it has been becoming increasingly popular in the North America, Western Europe and Israel. These are the countries which have the greatest threat to Islamic terrorism and its aforementioned digital version.
Summer Olympics - 2008.
Around the time of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay, which was marred by unrest in Tibet, Chinese hackers claim to have hacked the websites of CNN (accused of selective reporting on the 2008 Lhasa riots) and Carrefour (a French shopping chain, allegedly supporting Tibetan independence), while websites and forums gave tutorials on how to launch a DDoS attack specifically on the CNN website.

</doc>
<doc id="9876404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876404" title="Conservative Future Scotland">
Conservative Future Scotland

Conservative Future Scotland (CFS) is the youth wing of the Scottish Conservative Party.
The organisation formed in early 2005 by the merger of the Scottish Young Conservatives and the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Students (SCUS) group, a process which had happened with its sister organisation in the rest of the United Kingdom - Conservative Future - in 1998. Its membership comprises all of the Scottish Conservative Party's members under the age of 30 or who are currently in higher education. The organisation forms itself into three regions, each with its own executive. Within the regions University Conservative and Unionist Associations and area Conservative Future branches organise at the local level.
CFS is the independent sister organisation of Conservative Future, the central Conservative Party body that operates in the rest of the UK.
Former Chairmen/Presidents.
2012/13 - "Presidency Abolished" Chairman: Declan Pang 
<br>
2011/12 - President: Aric Gilinsky; Chairman: James Reekie
<br>
2010/11 - President: Duncan Stewart; Chairman: Anne Sutherland
<br>
2009/10 - President: Chairman: Oliver Lash-Williams/Duncan Stewart
References.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="9876405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876405" title="Peder Soerensen">
Peder Soerensen

Peder Sørensen, widely known by his Latinized name, "Petrus Severinus" (1542–1602), was a Danish physician, and one of the most significant followers of Paracelsus. His works include the major treatise "Idea medicinae philosophicae" (Ideal of Philosophical Medicine) (1571), which asserted the superiority of the ideas of Paracelsus to those of Galen. Severinus was a member of Denmark's intellectual elite. His education was supported by the Danish crown and his eventual appointment as royal physician conferred status and authority to his work and opinions. He was a contemporary and intellectual and personal associate of Tycho Brahe who likewise is associated with the evolution of chemistry during the seventeenth century. Daniel Sennert, a professor at Wittenberg wrote in 1619 that most chemical physicians followed the lead of Severinus and even referred to a “Severinian School” of medical theory, which was based on the philosophy of Paracelsus. Scholars including Jole Shackelford and Hiro Hirai ("Le concept de semences dans les théories de la matière à la Renaissance", 2005) have claimed that Severinus was an important predecessor of both Johann Baptista von Helmont and Pierre Gassendi.
Early life.
Peder Sørensen, later known by his Latinized name Petrus Severinus, was born in the Danish town of Ribe on the west coast of Jutland in either 1542 or 1540. Both years are cited in seventeenth century texts. Ribe was a flourishing town on a major trade route between the farmers of Jutland and their markets to the south. It was also a harbor town that supported regular trade with Holland, England, and other port towns of the Frisian coast. Ribe was also an administrative center with the cathedral at Ribe governed by one of the most important sees in sixteenth century Denmark.
Severinus’ parents were probably prosperous and well-positioned and like other sons of the well to do, Severinus probably enrolled in Ribe’s Latin or cathedral school before moving on to universities abroad or the university at Copenhagen. After the Reformation, the Catholic hierarchy was replaced with Lutheran masters and administrators, but the curriculum is unlikely to have changed much. The cathedral at Ribe was administered by some of the greatest humanist reformers in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, including Hans Tausen, Peder Hegelund, and Jens Dinesen Jersin providing Severinus with the best education available in Denmark at the time.
Academic Life.
Some time around the late 1550s, Severinus entered the University of Copenhagen. While enrolled he probably followed the standard European undergraduate curriculum, which prescribed texts based on the writings and commentaries of Aristotle. Copenhagen as a reformed university allowed for the study of natural philosophy or “Phillippist” humanism named after Philipp Melanchthon. Philosophy at the University of Copenhagen comprised three branches: logic (grammar, dialectic, and rhetoric), physics (mathematics, physiology, and metaphysics), and ethics. Severinus’ first exposure to basic academic medicine probably came during his physiology and metaphysics classes, which were largely Aristotelian-based.
In 1562, Severinus left Copenhagen and headed to France to begin medical studies, but returned a year later due to a lack of funding. In 1563 King Frederick II offered Severinus a canonry position as a doctor in Viborg, which was probably used to fund a stipend for three years of medical studies. When and where Severinus ultimately earned his medical degree remains unclear. Severinus was promoted to the level of master in 1564 under the direction of Nicolaus Laurentius Scavenius, who held the chair in mathematics and later physics at the University of Copenhagen. These subjects covered the philosophical groundwork for medicine, including generation and corruption—themes Severinus would return to again and again throughout his life. It was in fact his theories on these subjects that earned him international acclaim. In 1571 Severinus was officially named the physician to King Frederick II until his death in 1588. He then attended to Christian IV who at the time was a minor. When Christian became fully vested as king in 1592, he hired additional physicians while still employing Severinus who retained his title and income. For the last ten years of his life, Severinus enjoyed relative freedom from official duties, yet failed to produce any additional writings since his influential work, "Idea medicinæ philosophicæ" in 1571.
Severinus and Paracelsianism.
Severinus very early in his career was drawn to the teachings and writing of the German medical reformer Theophrastus Paracelsus (1493-1541). Severinus’ "Idea medicinæ philosophicae" (1571) is his most important written work, which interprets the teachings of Paracelsus. Digital edition by the University and State Library Düsseldorf Although Paracelsus’ writings are difficult to discern, his primary contribution to the study of medicine rests on his assertions that medicine could only be learned and improved through a study of nature grounded in Christian principles. Paracelsus also stressed a reliance on chemistry to prepare certain formularies for the treatment of disorders.
While a medical student, Severinus began to hear of the success of certain Paracelsian medicines and began to read Paracelsus’ writings. While these writings were rather obscure, Severinus persisted in understanding the concepts through his own empirical experiments and by applying the teachings of ancient Greeks in matters of theory and observation. Severinus increasingly found traditional Aristotelian and Galenic medical methods unsatisfactory and likewise began to embrace chemistry and the teachings of Paracelsus to create efficacious drugs. The compounds most often relied on were those with “strong manifest qualities” such as smell, which were believed to be an indication of their effectiveness. The toxicity of certain compounds would be addressed by applying chemical principles to negate the toxic qualities. The controversy with such a method, however, was that it was not always known whether a compound was toxic until it was ingested.
The "Idea medicinæ philosophicæ" of Severinus.
Severinus best known writing is "Idea medicinæ", published in Basel in 1571. The volume provides Severinus’ interpretation of the metaphysical and physical foundations of medicine and natural change. It is believed this is Severinus’ only work that fully illustrates his acceptance of Paracelsian writings. But it was deemed sufficiently important in the seventeenth century to produce two more editions and three extensive commentaries. "Idea medicinæ" focuses not only on medicine, but also ideological questions that impacted moral philosophy and religion. The book is essentially a philosophical discussion of the fundamental causes of change in natural bodies and calls into question the standard medical practices of the day which were based on Galenic medicine and the four humors of the body.
Severinus believed that diseases had an organic cause. He theorized that seeds of disease (semina morborum) are foreign matter in a healthy body and take root, grow, and disrupt the normally orderly process of bodily functions. These seeds manifest themselves in various places in the body and produce particular symptoms that identify the disease. In order to restore health, chemically derived remedies could be produced and administered in order to restore bodily harmony.
Severinus’ Legacy.
Readers of Severinus’ "Idæ medicinæ" were introduced to a new world of chemical philosophy. Although deeply rooted in Paracelsianism, Severinus’ deciphering of Paracelsus essentially shed light on writings that arguably may have remained enigmatic. Incorporating chemical ideas into therapeutic practice received wide attention, especially in Denmark where Tycho Brahe was also engaged in the chemical arts and whose royal favor and patronage further advanced the emerging science of chemistry. Thomas Erastus, Andreas Libavious and other anti-Paracelsianists however served to minimize Severinus’ legacy. Libavious in particular attacked the occult sciences of any variety but crusaded especially against Paracelsus and any writings that supported him, including Severinus. On the other hand, "Idæ medicinæ"’s impact on English natural philosophers can be discerned in the writings of Thomas Moffett (1553-1604), and Francis Bacon (1561-1626) who on the one hand vilified Paracelsus but admired the important synthesis contributed by Petrus Severinus.

</doc>
<doc id="9876412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876412" title="Communist Youth of Spain (Marxist–Leninist)">
Communist Youth of Spain (Marxist–Leninist)

Communist Youth of Spain (marxist-leninist) (, JCE(ml)) was a communist youth organization in Spain, connected to the Communist Party of Spain (Marxist-Leninist).
JCE(ml) emerged in the 1970s as a clandestine organization. It published "Joven Guardia". In 1974 JCE(ml) was one of the organizations contributing to the founding of FRAP (Revolutionary Antifascist Patriotic Front).

</doc>
<doc id="9876420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876420" title="El Carmen de Bolívar">
El Carmen de Bolívar

El Carmen de Bolivar is a town in Bolivar Department, Colombia, 114 km southeast of Cartagena de Indias, in the mountain system of the Serrania de San Jacinto, near the Colombian Caribbean coast. Today is the Third Population and Economics Department. The population has overtaken the rate revitalizing its economy and social security, but progress is hampered by the municipal and national administrative offense. Nationwide is a pioneer in the export of Snuff, Avocado and other agricultural products, moreover, has encouraged the cultivation of cocoa.
History.
This area was initially inhabited by the Native American tribes of Malibúes, Farotos and Piletas, was later conquered and colonized by the Spanish naming it "sitio de Nuestra Señora del Carmen" or "Our Lady of El Carmen site" in 1776 by a Spanish officer named Antonio de La Torre y Miranda and under the orders of Juan de Torrezal Díaz de Pimienta, Governor of Cartagena of Indies.
Geography.
The municipality of El Carmen de Bolivar is located south of the municipality of San Jacinto, north of the municipality of Ovejas, Sucre west of the municipalities of Zambrano and Córdoba and east of the municipality of San Onofre, Sucre, covering a total area of 954 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9876466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876466" title="Jack Rapke">
Jack Rapke

Jack Rapke is an American film producer who has produced such films as the 2000 Robert Zemeckis film "Cast Away". 

</doc>
<doc id="9876470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876470" title="James W. Douglass">
James W. Douglass

James W. "Jim" Douglass (born 1937) is an American author, activist, and Christian theologian born in 1937. He is a graduate of Santa Clara University. He and his wife, Shelley Douglass, founded the Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action in Poulsbo, Washington, and Mary’s House, a Catholic Worker house in Birmingham, Alabama. 
In 1997 the Douglasses received the Pacem in Terris Award.
Theology of nonviolence.
Douglass is a noted author on nonviolence and Catholic theology, with many books and essays to his credit. Four of his monographs, published from 1968 to 1991, were reprinted in 2006 by theology publisher Wipf & Stock.
Douglass's 2008 book, "JFK and the Unspeakable", discusses the John F. Kennedy assassination as a conspiracy ordered by unknown parties and carried out by the CIA with help from the Mafia and elements in the FBI to put an end to Kennedy's effort to end the Cold War after the Cuban missile crisis.
"JFK and the Unspeakable" was first published by Orbis Books in Maryknoll, New York (2008), and reprinted by Simon & Schuster's Touchstone Books (2010).
Activism.
Douglass was a professor of religion at the University of Hawaii who first engaged in civil disobedience to protest against the Vietnam War.
In 1975 Jim and Shelley Douglass founded Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action to protest against the construction of a Trident missile nuclear submarine base on the Kitsap Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. The Douglasses, joined by other activists seeking to prevent the installation of Trident missiles, formed a small intentional community, the Pacific Life Community, near the submarine base. Their goal was to "seek the truth of a nonviolent way of life," both personally and politically. Personally we tried to confront our racism, sexism, consumerism — all the isms that allowed us to violate others. Politically, we chose to experiment with nonviolent actions resisting Trident, a system that seemed to epitomize all the violence of our society.
This nonviolent protest later extended to protesting against the White Train which carried nuclear missile parts to Bangor Trident Base.
The Douglasses later moved to the Ensley neighborhood of Birmingham, Alabama, to establish Mary's House, a "house of hospitality" for homeless or indigent people in need of long-term health care.
Douglass has traveled to the Middle East on several peace missions. In 2003 he joined a Christian Peacemaker Team in Iraq and stayed with civilians during the U.S.-led invasion.
Douglass is a member, and co-founder of, Religious Leaders for 9/11 Truth, an organizations that questions the "official story" about the 9/11 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="9876511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876511" title="Willard High School">
Willard High School

Willard High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9876523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876523" title="Yellow-rumped flycatcher">
Yellow-rumped flycatcher

The yellow-rumped flycatcher, Korean flycatcher or tricolor flycatcher ("Ficedula zanthopygia") is a species of flycatcher found in Asia. A distinctive species with almost no look-alike other than the narcissus flycatcher. It breeds in eastern Asia including parts of Mongolia, Transbaikal, southern China, Korea and western Japan. They winter in parts of the Malay Peninsula and South Asia.
Identification.
In all plumages the yellow rump is distinctive. The white supercilium of the male is distinctive, separating it from the narcissus flycatcher and the Chinese flycatcher. Females and first year males are olive grey above with blackish tail.
Hartert (1910) treated this as a part of the "narcissina" group. Some individuals with yellow supercilium have been considered as hybrids with the narcissus flycatcher. Included in this species complex was the species called Elise's flycatcher, usually treated as a subspecies of the narcissus flycatcher. Both "elisae" and "zanthopygia" have been observed to breed separately in the same area of oak forest near Peking strengthening the case for their distinctness. There are also clear call and morphological difference between the two. 
The genus "Muscicapa" has been noted to have been polyphyletic and is still in the process of being resolved although the genus "Ficedula" is now considered monophyletic with their origins in east Asia, with diversification following climate changes in the Pliocene.
Ecology.
The breeding area of the species is in Eastern Asia. North Korea and China. The nesting in Xiaoxingan region is mainly in May and June. They breed mainly in low valleys at the base of hills. The home range of a pair can be about 2000-5000 sq. m. The nest is built in about three to four days by the female alone. The cluctch is about 4-7 eggs which are incubated by the female for about 11–12 days. The adults forage within about of the nest to feed the chicks. The young fledge after 14–15 days. It was first noted to winter in central India in 1989, it has since been found to winter in southwestern India and Sri Lanka.
A species of feather mite, "Proterothrix megacaula" has been described as an ectoparasite of this bird.

</doc>
<doc id="9876538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876538" title="Jet Pilot">
Jet Pilot

Jet Pilot (1944–c.1965) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Kentucky Derby in 1947.
Background.
Jet Pilot was sired by the 1930 Epsom Derby winner, Blenheim, out of the mare Black Wave, a daughter of the French-bred sire, Sir Gallahad III. Both Blenheim and Sir Gallahad had each brought to stand at stud in the United States by groups of American horsemen both of which were led by Arthur B. Hancock of Claiborne Farm.
Jet Pilot was purchased for US$41,000 at the Keeneland Yearling Sale by Elizabeth Arden, and raced under her Maine Chance Farm colors.
Racing career.
Racing at age two, Jet Pilot was second in the 1946 Arlington Futurity and third in that year's Futurity Stakes and Champagne Stakes. However, he won the important Tremont Stakes and Pimlico Futurity.
One of the winter book favorites for the 1947 Kentucky Derby, Jet Pilot broke from post position thirteen and immediately took the lead in the 73rd edition of the Derby and never relinquished it in defeating C. V. Whitney's betting favorite, Phalanx. In the Preakness Stakes, the second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown series, Jet Pilot finished fourth behind Calumet Farm's winner, Faultless. After the Preakness, Jet Pilot contested the Withers Stakes at Belmont Park, where he finished fourth. He bowed a tendon in that race and was retired to stud for the 1948 season.
Stud record.
Jet Pilot sired multiple graded stakes race winners Jet Action and Myrtles Jet, plus 1951 Champion 2-year-old Filly, Rose Jet. The product of his last mating was born in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9876557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876557" title="The Metal Monster">
The Metal Monster

The Metal Monster is an Abraham Merritt fantasy novel. It was first serialized in "Argosy All-Story Weekly" in 1920 and features the return of Dr. Goodwin who first appeared in "The Moon Pool". 
The epic adventure starts with a foreword where Merritt is assigned the duty to relay Dr. Walter T. Goodwin's incredible tale of his encounter in the Trans-Himalayan mountains to the world, to let everyone know the terrible fate Goodwin's group barely escaped and the possibility of other such monsters out there.
Plot summary.
Dr. Goodwin is on a botanical expedition in the Himalayas. There he meets Dick Drake, the son of one of his old science acquaintances. They are witnesses of a strange aurora-like effect, but seemingly a deliberate one. As they go out to investigate, they meet Goodwin's old friends Martin and Ruth Ventnor, brother and sister scientists. The two are besieged by Persians as Darius III led when Alexander of Macedon conquered them more than two thousand years ago.
The group is saved by a magnificent woman they get to know as Norhala. She commands the power of lightning and controls strange metal animate Things, living, metallic, geometric forms; an entire city of sentient cubes, globes and tetrahedrons, capable of joining together and forming colossal shapes, and wielding death rays and other armaments of destruction.
They are led to a hidden valley occupied by what they name "The Metal Monster", a strange metal city occupied by the metal animate Things Norhala commands. This city is governed by what they call the Metal Emperor, assisted by the Keeper of the Cones.
Ruth is slowly being converted by Norhala to become like her; her little sister. Martin, her brother, tries shooting the Metal Emperor, who retaliates with a ray blast, putting Martin in a comatose state.
Closed in between the Metal Monster and the Persians, it falls to Goodwin and Drake to find a way to escape their predicament.
Legacy.
This book was a favorite of H. P. Lovecraft, though he at first avoided the revised version, at the suggestion of C. M. Eddy, Jr.. According to his March 6, 1934 letter to James F. Morton:
Copyright.
The copyright for this story has expired in the United States and, thus, now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg.
Revisions.
Three versions of the story exist.
The second version is named "The Metal Emperor", appearing in 1927 in Hugo Gernsback's "Science and Invention" magazine. It is an abridged version of the first story, with the leading character's name changed to Louis Thorton.

</doc>
<doc id="9876567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876567" title="Lynette Yiadom Boakye">
Lynette Yiadom Boakye

Lynette Yiadom-Boakye (born 1977, London, UK) is an artist of Ghanaian descent based in London.
Biography.
Lynette Yiadom-Boakye's parents were both originally from Ghana and worked as nurses. Boakye graduated from Falmouth College of Arts in 2000 then completed an MA at the Royal Academy Schools in 2003. 
Her paintings are predominantly figurative with raw and muted colours. Yiadom-Boakye has shown work internationally in exhibitions, most recently the Gwangju Biennale, Korea; 'Flow' at the Studio Museum in Harlem, New York and 'M25. Around London' at the CCA Andratz, Mallorca; the Seville Biennale 2006 and others including "John Moores 23" at the Walker Gallery in Liverpool, "Direct Painting" at Kunsthalle Mannheim in Germany, 2004 Bloomberg New Contemporaries at various venues throughout the UK and "Blackout" at Brixton Art Gallery. Yiadom-Boakye is represented by Corvi-Mora in London and by Jack Shainman Gallery in New York.
In 2013 Yiadom-Boakye was nominated for the Turner Prize for her 2012 exhibition at Chisenhale Gallery in east London.

</doc>
<doc id="9876584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876584" title="Silampoli">
Silampoli

Silampoli is the title given to Tamil academic Silampoli Chellappan. He wrote a comprehensive note for "Silappathikaaram," an ancient Tamil epic.

</doc>
<doc id="9876598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876598" title="Horace Griggs Prall">
Horace Griggs Prall

Horace Griggs Prall (March 6, 1881 – April 23, 1951) was a New Jersey attorney and Republican politician. He served a number of a years as a state legislator and a short term as Acting Governor of the state in 1935.
Prall was born near Ringoes in East Amwell Township, New Jersey. He attended Harvard University (1906) and New York University School of Law (LL.B. 1908). After almost two decades of practicing law, Prall was elected to the legislature, first to the Assembly (1927–28), then to the State Senate (1928–36), serving as president of that body in his last two years of tenure. After the resignation of Governor A. Harry Moore, Prall served as Acting Governor for a brief period (January 3, 1935 - January 15, 1935). After completing his last term as a Senator, Prall became a judge on the Court of Common Pleas. 
A resident of Lambertville, New Jersey, he died at age 70 of a heart attack at the age of 70 on April 23, 1951, in Trenton, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9876599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876599" title="Tunnel 1">
Tunnel 1

Tunnel 1 () is a tunnel under construction in the department of Cundinamarca, Colombia. The tunnel is on the road between Tobiagrande and Puerto Salgar. Further on, the road passes through Tunnel 11 (). The names were given merely for recognition; in future the tunnels will be named properly, most likely after a notable Colombian. The tunnel La linea is also under construction, and will be the longest tunnel on the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9876600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876600" title="Malin Matsdotter">
Malin Matsdotter

Malin Matsdotter (1613 – 5 August 1676), also known as "Rumpare-Malin", was an alleged Swedish witch. She is one of the most well known alleged witches in Swedish history: known as one of few people in Sweden to be executed by burning at the stake, and often referred to as the only Swedish "witch" to have been executed by burning. She is also known as one of the last victims of the great witch hunt of 1668-76, which ended with her execution.
Context.
Malin Matsdotter was an old Swedish woman of Finnish descent, one of many victims of the witch hunt hysteria called "Det Stora Oväsendet" (The Great Noise) in Sweden between 1668 and 1676. She was the only known witch in Sweden to have been burned alive: normally, the witches in Sweden were decapitated before they were burned. Before this time, very few people had been accused of this crime in Sweden, but during these eight years, after the accusation of Märet Jonsdotter, about 280 people, both women and men, were decapitated and burned as witches. The Swedish witch frenzy reached its peak with the Torsåker witch trials, and it reached Stockholm with the Gävle-Boy in 1675, where it lasted until 1676, and ended with the famous execution of Matsdotter. 
In accordance with the rest of the witch trials in the great Swedish witch hunt of 1668-76, the witch hunt of Stockholm was mainly concentrated not on sorcery, but on the belief that the witches abducted children to the Witches' Sabbath of Satan in Blockula. Malin Matsdotter was one of many people accused of having done this. Before her, five other women in the city had been executed for this crime, starting with the sisters Brita and Anna Zippel.
Trial and Verdict.
Malin Matsdotter lived on Mariaberget in Stockholm and was the poor widow of a man who was executed for sodomy. Her profession is unknown; she is mentioned to have been active as a midwife, but it is not known whether it was her regular profession. She was accused by her adult daughters who claimed that she had abducted their children, her own grandchildren, to the Sabbath of Satan in Blockula. Malin cursed her daughters for their lies but was judged guilty by a unanimous court on the testimonies of her daughters. She refused to say farewell to them and refused to shake their hands. She stood stern in her denial before the court; such firmness was often considered to be a sign that the Devil helped his witch to withstand interrogations. 
Malin was sentenced to be burned alive because of her refusal to plead guilty, despite the torture she was exposed to. One of the previously accused, Anna Lärka, had also received the same sentence for her refusal to admit guilt but it was revoked when she finally did so. In the case of Matsdotter, the sentence was to be carried out. This caused a debate among the authorities, as this method of execution was very uncommon in Sweden; though several crimes stated public burning, this actually meant that the condemned be ""executed and burned"", which meant that they were first executed by decapitation or hanging, after which their corpse was publicly burned; the method of burning someone still alive is only known to have been used in the country a very few times before, and the verdict was therefore controversial. 
No other person executed for sorcery in Sweden is confirmed to have been burned alive. It was also against normal practice to execute someone who had not admitted their crime. One suggestion was, that at the place of execution, she would be given a last chance to confess her sin; if she did so, she would be decapitated before she was burned. One member of the commission suggested that she be tortured with hot irons before the execution, so that she would be unconscious and not aware of the pain, but the suggestion was revoked with the view, expressed by a priest, that the honour of the name of God was more important than Malin's personal experience of pain; the method was also deemed necessary as an example to the public and to her accomplices. She was instead to have a bag of gunpowder secured around her neck to make her death quicker.
Execution.
The execution was carried out in the square of Hötorget in Stockholm on the 5th of August 1676. Malin was to be executed with another woman, Anna Simonsdotter Hack, called "Tysk-Annika", who had also been accused and sentenced to death on the testimony of her own children. Anna Simonsdotter was to be decapitated the usual way before burning, and the differences in their behaviour have given Malin the admiration of history. 
Anna Simonsdotter stepped up to her execution with great humility, full of respect for her judgment; though she did not directly say that she was guilty, she behaved as was expected of her, and "by her remorse, by her psalms, and by falling on her knees and lifting her head and her hands to the sky, confirmed the justice in the verdict and the justice in the world". Malin Matsdotter, on the other hand, described by witnesses as proud and firm, received the gunpowder with a smile and climbed up the stake showing no fear, talked calmly to the executioner and let him chain her by her hands and her feet without fighting back. She talked back to the priests with her head held high when they pleaded with her to acknowledge her sin, maintaining her innocence. Standing at the stake, she once again stated her innocence. When one of her daughters, who were the ones who had accused her of witchcraft, called out from the audience for her to admit her crimes to save her soul, ""She gave her daughter into the hands of the devil and cursed her for eternity"". After this, the fire was lit.
Aftermath.
It is said that she died with no pain and without screaming which was taken as another proof of her guilt, as it was believed that witches could not feel pain. This was the end of the great witch trials in Sweden; soon afterwards judges, led by Urban Hjärne and Eric Noraeus, began to express their scepticism toward the child-accusers and witnesses. On 11 September 1676, one of the witnesses broke down in court and was followed by the others. 
The rest of the accused witches were set free, and three of the main child-witnesses, the Gävle-Boy and the Maids of Myra, were arrested and executed instead. Several of the other witnesses were whipped for their perjury. One of the perjurers who was executed at the end of this year was the daughter of Malin Matsdotter.
In 1677 all the priests of the country were ordered to tell their congregations that the witches had now been expelled from the country forever to avoid further witch trials. This ended the great Swedish witch hunt of 1668-76. Though there were accusations after this, few people were executed for sorcery after the year of 1676. The last execution for witchcraft took place 1704 when Anna Eriksdotter was decapitated, the last person to be executed for sorcery in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="9876619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876619" title="Midland Terminal Railroad Depot">
Midland Terminal Railroad Depot

The Midland Terminal Railroad Depot in Victor, Colorado, was built in 1895 for the Midland Terminal Railway. The brick depot contains features common to its type and period of construction including the wide overhanging eaves, the central bay office window, and the large freight doors.

</doc>
<doc id="9876630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876630" title="Red Bird River Shelter Petroglyphs">
Red Bird River Shelter Petroglyphs

The Red Bird River Shelter Petroglyphs are a series of petroglyphs, or carvings, on a stone in Manchester, Kentucky, USA. The petroglyphs have been interpreted as inscriptions in at least 8 Old World alphabets, all of which were extinct when Columbus arrived in the New World in 1492. The rock was enrolled on the National Register of Historic Places in September 1989.
On December 7, 1994, the 50 ton stone stone fell from a sandstone cliff above the Red Bird River, and rolled onto Highway 66 at Lower Red Bird. On December 9, 1994, it was transported to its present location, where it is roofed over and fenced. The alphabets apparently inscribed on the stone include 1st century Greek and Hebrew, as well as Old Libyan, Old Arabic and Iberian-Punic which probably dates from the 9th century BC. Ogam, Germanic Runes, and Tiffinag-Numidian inscriptions have also been identified.
However, it has also been argued that finding eight different languages inscribed in one place is highly unlikely, and that the claims are fanciful interpretations of the evidence. The inscriptions on the rock have been compared to other Cherokee inscriptions in the area, and it has been suggested that those on the rock have been altered in modern times. The interpretation that the petroglyphs represent Old World inscriptions has been linked to 18th century arguments that the Cherokee Nation had no right to live in Kentucky, as an ancient white race settled here before them.

</doc>
<doc id="9876659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876659" title="Arthabaska (electoral district)">
Arthabaska (electoral district)

Arthabaska is a provincial electoral district in the Centre-du-Québec region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes the cities or municipalities of Victoriaville, Plessisville, and Princeville.
It was created for the 1890 election from a part of Drummond-Arthabaska electoral district. 
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, Arthabaska lost Sainte-Hélène-de-Chester and Chesterville to the newly created Drummond–Bois-Francs electoral district, but gained nine municipalities from Lotbinière, which ceased to exist.
Election results.
^ Change is from redistributed results

</doc>
<doc id="9876679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876679" title="Salcido">
Salcido

Salcido is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9876684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876684" title="Aninoasa, Dâmbovița">
Aninoasa, Dâmbovița

Aninoasa is a commune in Dâmboviţa County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Aninoasa, Săteni and Viforâta.
The commune has two monasteries, Dealu Monastery and Viforâta Monastery. Its name is derived from "Anin", a Romanian word for the Alder tree.

</doc>
<doc id="9876721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876721" title="José Gregorio Salazar">
José Gregorio Salazar

José Gregorio Salazar (1773, San Salvador – February 1, 1838, Guatemala City) was a general and a Liberal politician in Central America. He was acting president of the Federal Republic of Central America from September 16, 1834 to February 14, 1835, in between two administrations of Francisco Morazán. In 1838 he was assassinated by a mob supporting rebel General Rafael Carrera.
Salazar's parents were Gregorio Salazar and Francisca Lara Mogrovejo. He married Francisca Castro y Lara. Their son, General Carlos Salazar, served briefly as provisional president of the state of El Salvador, from June 23 to July 13, 1834.
Political offices.
He held various offices in Central America, including councilman in the city government of Guatemala City and mayor in 1825; political chief of the departments of Guatemala (1825) and Quetzaltenango (1830); commander of the "Escuadrón Sedentario" of Guatemala City (1831); and vice-chief of the State of Guatemala (1834 and 1838).
He was vice president of the Central American Federation in 1834 when President Morazán temporarily relinquished his duties to take the field to fight rebels. He served as acting president from September 16, 1834 to February 14, 1835, when Morazán resumed the office.
Political crisis in El Salvador.
On June 23, 1834 his son, Carlos Salazar, a partisan of General Morazán, overthrew the conservative president of the state of El Salvador, Joaquín de San Martín, and took power as provisional chief of the state. The federal government, in the hands of the Liberals, took over direct control of El Salvador on July 13, 1834. José Gregorio Salazar (the father) ruled the state as provisional chief from that date to September 30, 1834.
On September 21, 1834 the Assembly of the state of El Salvador met in San Vicente, charged with electing a new state president. They chose Licenciado José María Silva, a Liberal, but this vote was declared void. On September 30 they voted to give the office to Councilor Joaquín Escolán. Escolán served from that date to October 14, when Silva took office, until April 10, 1835.
Death.
On February 1, 1838, rebel Rafael Carrera took Guatemala City, capital of the federation. His troops, mountain dwellers from Mataquescuintla, ran wild in the city, committing many kinds of depredations. Salazar was vice president of the republic at the time. He and his family took refuge in the house of a friend, Doctor Quirino Flores. Salazar was killed, with a child in his arms, trying to defend his family.

</doc>
<doc id="9876735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876735" title="Brome-Missisquoi (provincial electoral district)">
Brome-Missisquoi (provincial electoral district)

Brome-Missisquoi is a provincial electoral district in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes the municipalities of Bromont, Cowansville, Frelighsburg, Sutton, Saint-Armand and Farnham.
It was created for the 1973 election from Brome and parts of Missisquoi and Shefford.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it lost Austin, Bolton-Est, Bonsecours, Eastman, Lawrenceville, Potton, Sainte-Anne-de-la-Rochelle, Saint-Benoît-du-Lac, Saint-Étienne-de-Bolton, Stukely-Sud to Orford electoral district, but gained Shefford, Warden, Waterloo from Shefford electoral district.

</doc>
<doc id="9876741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876741" title="OpenSAF">
OpenSAF

OpenSAF is an open-source software project to develop high availability middleware consistent with Service Availability Forum (SA Forum) specifications, under the LGPLv2.1 license. The OpenSAF Foundation was established by communications and enterprise computing companies to accelerate the adoption of OpenSAF in commercial products. In March 2010 network equipment provider Ericsson AB, announced commercial deployment of OpenSAF in carrier networks and GoAhead Software a provider of commercial off-the-shelf high availability middleware made a press release.
The OpenSAF project was informally started in mid-2007. The OpenSAF Foundations was founded on January 22, 2008 with Emerson Network Power, Ericsson, Nokia Siemens Networks, HP and SUN Microsystems as founding members. Since its launch Wind River, Huawei, IP Infusion, Tail-f, Aricent, GoAhead Software and Rancore Technologies have joined the foundation. Day-to-day operations of the foundation are managed by VTM, Inc.
Following the release of each major version of the OpenSAF software the OpenSAF Project community hold a developer conference (Developer Days). The first conference was hosted by Nokia Siemens Networks in Munich (Germany), second conference was hosted by Huawei in Shenzhen (China), and third conference was hosted by HP in Palo Alto (USA). In 2011, the OpenSAF Conference expanded to include materials for adopters and academics in addition to developers. The event was held in May, 2011 at MIT University in Boston, MA and was sponsored by Ericsson, GoAhead Software, HP and Wind River Systems. Based on the success of the conference and positive feedback from the open source community, Ericsson hosted an OpenSAF European Symposium in September, 2011 in Stockholm, Sweden.
Goals.
The goals of the OpenSAF project were:
Relevant Industry groups.
SA ForumTM.
SAForum
SCOPE Alliance.
SCOPE Alliance
Network equipment providers.
Network Equipment Providers will be the primary users of products based on the OpenSAF code base, integrating them into their products for network service providers, carriers and operators.
Many network equipment providers have demonstrated their support for OpenSAF by joining the Foundation and/or contributing to the Open Source project. Current Foundation Members include:
Technology providers.
Several providers of computing and communications technology also have indicated support for the OpenSAF initiative including:
History.
The OpenSAF project was initiated by Motorola's Embedded Communications and Computing (ECC) business with widespread support from the telecommunications industry. Motorola Embedded Communications and Computing is now a part of Emerson Network Power
Emerson Network Power, Ericsson, HP, Nokia Siemens Networks, and Sun Microsystems have contributed significant resources to enhance the open source product and accelerate the development and deployment of SA Forum specifications based on industry requirements. Emerson Network Power has made the initial code base contribution based on NetPlane Core Service (NCS) software to the OpenSAF project. NCS is a complete operating environment that includes SA Forum services and a complementary set of required services necessary for a deployable implementation.

</doc>
<doc id="9876745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876745" title="Mirka Mora">
Mirka Mora

Mirka Mora (born 1928) is a prominent French-born Australian visual artist who has contributed significantly to the development of contemporary art in Australia. Her mediums include painting, sculpture and mosaics.
Early life.
Mora was born in Paris in a Jewish family to a Lithuanian father, Leon Zelik, and a Romanian Jewish mother, Celia 'Suzanne' Gelbein. She was arrested in 1942 during the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup ("Rafle du Vel' d'Hiv"). Her father, Leon, managed to arrange for her release from the concentration camp at Pithiviers (Loiret) before Mora and her mother, Celia, were scheduled to be deported to Auschwitz. The family evaded arrest and deportation from 1942 to 1945 by hiding in the forests of France. Having survived the Holocaust, Mora moved to Melbourne with her husband, Georges Mora. 
Georges and Mirka Mora migrated to Australia from France in 1951 and settled in Melbourne where they quickly became key figures on the Melbourne cultural scene. Georges, a wartime resistance fighter, became an influential art dealer, and in 1967 he founded one of the first commercial art galleries in Melbourne, the Tolarno Galleries. 
The Mora family also owned and operated three of Melbourne’s most famous cafés. The Mirka Café was opened in December 1954 at 183 Exhibition Street and was the venue for the first major solo exhibition by Joy Hester. It was followed by the Café Balzac at 62 Wellington Parade, East Melbourne and then by the Tolarno in Fitzroy Street, St Kilda, which opened in 1966. All three were focal points for Melbourne's bohemian subculture. As Mora's son Philippe recalls, "my parents literally fed artists at our home and in our restaurants." As a result, their three sons had what Philippe describes as "a culturally privileged childhood". 
The Mora family's social circle included many Australian artists who subsequently became world-famous -- Ian Sime, Charles Blackman and Barbara Blackman, Fred Williams, John Perceval and Mary Perceval, Albert Tucker, Barrett Reid, Laurence Hope, Arthur Boyd, Sidney Nolan and Joy Hester. The Mora family were especially close friends with renowned art patrons John and Sunday Reed, and spent many weekends at their famous home and artists’ colony, "Heide" (now the Heide Museum of Modern Art) in the outer Melbourne suburb of Heidelberg, and at the Reed's beach house in Aspendale.
In 1966 the couple established the Tolarno restaurant and gallery in St Kilda, Victoria.
Style.
Mora uses a wide range of media and her work features strongly in the permanent collection of the Heide Museum of Modern Art in the Melbourne suburb of Bulleen. She is a noted colourist and symbolist. Her paintings are often bright and bold, drawing heavily on a stable of recurring motifs - innocent, wide-eyed children, angels, dogs, cats, snakes and birds. For many years she has conducted workshops in painting, soft sculpture and mosaics, where countless Australians have learned from her unique approach to teaching art.
Awards.
In 2002 Mora was made an "Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres" by the French Minister of Culture and Communication.
Family.
Mora is the mother of actor Tiriel Mora, film director Philippe Mora and art dealer William Mora and lives in a studio in Melbourne.
References.
Mora, Mirka., 2002, Wicked but virtuous:my life / Mirka Mora, Penguin Books, Camberwell, Vic.

</doc>
<doc id="9876748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876748" title="Bank of the Republic (Colombia)">
Bank of the Republic (Colombia)

The Bank of the Republic () is the state-run central bank of the Republic of Colombia. Its main functions are detailed by the Congress according to the Ley 31 de 1992. One of them is the issuance of the Colombian currency, the peso. The bank is also active in promoting financial inclusion policy and is a leading member of the Alliance for Financial Inclusion. 
History.
There are at least three predecessors to the current bank. The first national bank was created in 1880, named the "Banco Nacional", and its functions included handling the state funds, issuing currency and making loans to the state. In 1894 the Congress closed the bank due to registered excesses in the issuance of currency. In 1905, the "Banco Central de Colombia" was created but it was closed in 1909 for identical reasons.
In 1923, after several years of financial crisis, President Pedro Nel Ospina requested an expert committee to study Colombian economic conditions. This committee, led by American economist Edwin Walter Kemmerer (known as "The Money Doctor") was called the "Mission Kemmerer". Kemmerer had already worked with Latin American governments: that of Mexico in 1917 and of Guatemala in 1919. He helped the Colombian government create the Bank of the Republic and the Office of the Comptroller General of the Republic, and to structure the laws for this function using those already existing. After his work in Colombia, Kemmerer did the same for other Latin American governments, like Chile in 1925, Ecuador in 1926 and Peru in 1931.
The bank was officially created by the Law 25 of July 25, 1923, 5 days after the 113 anniversary of the Independence of Colombia. With a capital of 10 million dollars in gold, half provided by the government and the rest by foreign and national commercial banks. Its role as a "banker for banks" includes:
The Board of Directors was created by the same law, with ten members from private and public sectors of the economy with the power to enforce regulatory and monetary controls. The Board was also given the responsibility of establishing the discount rate and intervening to control interest rates.
Building.
The headquarters of the Bank of the Republic are located in Bogotá, in the historical center of the city (Calle 11 No. 4-21) and a few blocks away from the Gold Museum and the Luis Ángel Arango Library. Along with the "Fiscalía General de la Nación de Colombia" bunker, it is one of the most secure buildings in the country, with several security levels required to access different areas. The security is handled by private companies and the Colombian National Police, armed with Colombian-made MAC-10 sub-machine guns, among others. Most of the administrative areas of the bank are located above ground, in a twelve-story building. Below the street there is a heavily guarded area where money in different currencies is stored, and in a special vault the country's reserve of gold.
Culture and Scholarships.
Beside their primary roles in the Colombian economy, the Bank of The Republic has control over two important institutions in Colombian culture: the Gold Museum and the Luis Ángel Arango Library. Also, the Bank has two scholarship programs for the best researchers in Economics (Lauchlin Currie Scholarship) and in Economic Law (Enrique Low Murtra Scholarship).

</doc>
<doc id="9876750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876750" title="Don Seymour">
Don Seymour

Donald J. Seymour (born 1960 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing who is the only jockey in history to win two Canadian Triple Crowns.
Raised in Etobicoke, Ontario, Don Seymour began his professional racing career riding in Western Canada. From 1981 to 1986 he was the leading rider in Alberta. In 1988, he finished second aboard Play The King in the Breeders' Cup Sprint. In 1989 he signed on with Kinghaven Farms where that year he teamed up with trainer Roger Attfield to become the first in twenty-six years to capture Canada's Triple Crown series. Following their 1989 Triple Crown with the colt With Approval, in 1990 they repeated the feat with Izvestia, an achievement that has never been equaled. 
Don Seymour retired in 1994 having won the Sovereign Award as Canada's top jockey a record four times. In 1995 he was voted the Avelino Gomez Memorial Award in recognition of his significant contribution to the sport of horse racing. In 1999, he was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9876754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876754" title="Cyril Robinson">
Cyril Robinson

Cyril Robinson (born 4 March 1929 in Nottingham) is an English former professional footballer.
Robinson's professional career was relatively short, spanning just a decade, four years of which was spent at Blackpool. He was part of "the Seasiders" team that won the FA Cup in 1953. The FA Cup final was only his second start of the season, and he is, as of September 2007, the only surviving member of Blackpool's winning team, after the death of Bill Perry.
He made his debut for "the Tangerines" on 3 November 1951, in a 1-1 draw at West Bromwich Albion. His two league goals for the club came later that month.
After leaving Blackpool, Robinson went on to play for Northwich Victoria, Bradford Park Avenue and Southport. At the age of 30 he moved into non-league football, and played for seven more clubs: Buxton, Lancaster City, Toronto City, Fleetwood, Blackpool Mechanics, Hellas and Australian club Newcastle Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="9876762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876762" title="Divine Madness (novel)">
Divine Madness (novel)

Divine Madness is the fifth novel in the "CHERUB" series by Robert Muchamore. In this novel, CHERUB agents James, Lauren, and Dana go to Australia to investigate a cult called the Survivors.
Plot.
James and Lauren Adams and Dana Smith are sent on a mission to Australia, posing as the children of an ASIS agent. They have been sent to determine whether a cult, The Survivors, is associated with Help Earth, and as such are sent to a "recruitment hotbed" area. The "family" starts going to cult meetings, and are eventually accepted into the commune. Lauren and James are accepted into an elite cult school in the Ark, the cult's headquarters. There, James befriends Rathbone "Rat" Regan, son of the cult's founder. After a while, Lauren develops a crush on Rat, and he uses his influence with one of his father's many wives to get her and James jobs in the offices, rather than in the stifling warehouse or laundry rooms.
Dana, meanwhile, extremely depressed about her unspectacular role in the mission, is summoned to the head of the commune's office. There, she and another cult member are told that they are to participate in a Help Earth mission to blow up an oil tanker. Her attempts to warn the mission controllers fail, and she ends up having to stop the attack herself.
However, ASIS now knows of the links between Help Earth and the Survivors. Having been waiting for an excuse to attack the Ark, elite troops are sent in to destroy it, despite the CHERUB agents' warnings that the cult is well-prepared for such an event. A helicopter is shot down and dozens of troops are killed in the first attack. In the lull that follows, James, Rat and Lauren attempt an escape. However, they are captured and locked in a room full of toddlers by a sadistic overseer.
When they manage to overpower her, Lauren points out that they need to take the kids with them or risk them dying. James reluctantly agrees, and they drag the half-asleep toddlers with them. Rat says that the most likely way out is through the sewage system, so they go there. James is making his way through the tank when an engineer appears. A brief moment of panic is proved unfounded as Rat persuades the man that he is on a divine mission. The man then offers to help them.
The now nine-strong group get out, but later hear that in another ASIS attack, several dozen children were killed when a wall collapsed on them. Rat is reported dead, but is revealed to be alive and going out with Lauren, who receives a black shirt. Dana is awarded a navy shirt, while all James gets is a stomach bug caught in the sewage system. Rat is recruited as a CHERUB agent and the four return to campus.
Development.
Censored Section.
"Divine Madness" is one of two Cherub stories where part of a scene had been cut out. The scene in question was the segment where Kyle and Bruce were chasing a suspected member of Help Earth. In the original version of the scene, Bruce beats up a passenger who calls him names while boarding the train. In the published book, this is not shown due to excessive violence. The cover is Bruce ignoring the comment.
Extra Story.
On the CHERUB website, there is a bonus chapter entitled "Disconnected". It is set during Chapter 44 of "Divine Madness", and introduces James' father.

</doc>
<doc id="9876773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876773" title="Madge Lake">
Madge Lake

Madge Lake is located in eastern Saskatchewan, 18 km east of the town of Kamsack and just a few kilometres west of the province's eastern boundary. It is centered near coordinates 51°40′ N, 101°38′ W. Road access to the lake is via Highway 57, which passes by the south shore of Madge Lake as it connects Highway 5 to Manitoba Highway 83.
Madge Lake is the largest body of water in Saskatchewan's Duck Mountain Provincial Park. The lake measures approximately 5 km by 5 km for a total surface area of 21 square kilometres.
Recreational Opportunities.
Madge Lake serves as Duck Mountain Provincial Park's central tourist attraction. Seasonal recreational activities in and around the lake include: fishing, hunting, hiking, bicycling, swimming, boating, water skiing, alpine skiing, cross country skiing, snowmobile riding, horseback riding, tobagganing, miniature golf, and 18-hole golf. The area also provides abundant wildlife viewing opportunities, especially in the immensely large local breeding flock of ducks and other waterfowl. Duck Mountain Lodge operates as a year-round resort hotel near the lake, and a large (summer) seasonal campground and rental cabins are also near its shores. Over 300 private vacation residences (cottages) can also be found around the lake. There are two public swimming beaches (Ministik Beach and Pickerel Point Beach) constructed with artificially supplied sand.
There are four species of game fish in the lake; walleye (locally known as pickerel), northern pike (locally known as jackfish), yellow perch and burbot. The lake also has a large population of white suckers and many smaller fish species. Fish catches are augmented with the stocking of walleye. However fishing pressure is high and catches remain moderate by local standards. The lake produces very few trophy fish. Few of the other smaller lakes and ponds that surround Madge Lake support fish populations because of winter dieoff, but Jackfish Lake, 500m south of Highway 57, has been stocked with rainbow trout and tiger trout and is aerated in winter to support the oxygen levels under the ice.
Climate.
The climate of eastern Saskatchewan features extreme seasonal variation, with winter temperatures below −30 °C and summer temperatures above +30 °C not uncommon. The lake therefore has very distinct seasons. It is ice covered in winter, usually from mid November to mid April. And the ice is thick enough to walk on, snowmobile on, and even drive vehicles on, from mid December to early March. During this winter season, snowmobile riding and ice fishing are primary recreations on the lake, while the surrounding park has facilities for both downhill and cross country skiing. Approximately 80 cm of snow accumulates in the area through the winter, slowly building depth until it begins to actively melt in spring, usually from early March through to early April. The lake itself is however usually not completely clear of ice until early May. The "summer season" traditionally starts on Victoria Day weekend (late May), and ends on Canadian Labour Day weekend (early September). The lake is warm enough for comfortable swimming from early July to late August, although hardy souls may extend this season by several weeks. The spring and fall seasons (March and April, and October and November, respectively) are the quietest times on the lake, as neither summer (water) or winter (snow) recreational activities are practical in those seasons.
Environmental Concerns.
The large amount of tourism development around the lake is the cause of growing environmental concern. Winter-time use of the park has especially increased with the development of the year-round lodge. The lake simply isn't as quiet as it used to be. The lake is now regarded as having reached its development potential and there exists considerable opposition to further development. Some proposed development projects - such as the increase in the number of cottages in Benito subdivision - have been shelved, and probably abandoned.
Also of concern is the lake's fluctuating water level, which had dropped by more than a metre between the early 1960s and the late 1970s. The lake, being located on a rise of land, has a very small cachement area and so its level is very susceptible to variations in annual rainfall. The lake is also relatively shallow with a largely flat bottom, making even a small change in water level noticeable at the lakeshore. The shoreline had become disagreeably mucky as a result of the decline in water level. And an outlet stream draining the lake to the north ceased flowing in the early 1970s, increasing concerns of eutrophication and stagnation of the lake water. However, the lake had by the late 1990s risen again by some 60 cm from its lowest levels of the late 1970s. While welcome, this rise drowned many young trees along the water edge, particularly on the north shore which became clothed in dead saplings. Emergent marsh plants (notably Scirpus, Typha, and Phragmites) had also overtaken much shore line with the resubmergence of formerly dry lake bottom. The water level dropped again during the very dry year of 2000, but has since risen again, and had reached very high levels following the very wet summer of 2010 and snowy winter of 2010/2011. Some recreational facilities, such as the boat launch facility on the lake's north-east corner, have been rendered inaccessible by the high water levels, and very little visible beach sand remains at the Pickerel Point or Ministik swimming areas.
The variable water level has also caused other recent changes to the lake. At the time of lowest water level in the late 1970s, the lake's largest island, Spruce Island, was connected by dry land to the mainland, and a large gravel bar in the lake's north basin was exposed. Now, however, the land corridor to Spruce Island is bisected by a stretch of marsh. The gravel bar has similarly been resubmerged, becoming a hazard to boating and unfortunately extirpating the colony of common terns and herring gulls that bred there. These two species are no longer commonly seen on the lake now that their breeding site has drowned, but the recent rise in water level is to the apparent benefit of the lake's common loon, red-necked grebe, and beaver populations. Ducks are also thriving in the stretches of now-flooded shoreline. And fish catches have improved markedly since the low water days of the late 1970s.
Hydrology.
Madge Lake's hydrology remains fairly isolated even at its current water level. However, a heavily beaver-dammed creek allows the slow drainage of its waters to the north. Water level control structures at the creek outlet provides some control over the lake's water level. Lake water eventually enters Bear Head Lake at the north-eastern corner of Duck Mountain Provincial Park. Bear Head Lake is then in turn drained by Bear Head Creek, which continues north-east, crossing the Manitoba boundary, to join the Swan River on its journey to Swan Lake. Madge Lake is therefore part of the Swan River drainage basin, rather than the watershed of the nearby Assiniboine River.
The lake water is only very slightly eutrophic (and so can be described as mesotrophic), and is also moderately hard and alkaline, with a limestone-buffered pH of about 8.2. The water clarity in summer is limited by phytoplankton growth and wave-agitation of the calcareous clay bottom. A Secchi disk depth of as little as 1 metre is not uncommon after windy days. Water quality, however, is still considered to be good, and in fact, among the best in Saskatchewan's parks.
Surrounding Forest.
The forest immediately surrounding the lake was last burned over in the mid 1800s, and so is now well over 100 years old and approaching climax. White spruce and balsam fir are now the dominant tree species on the shores of the lake. The lakeshore population of paper birch and trembling aspen is in decline, and deciduous trees are now fairly inconspicuous except in isolated pockets. This is a fairly recent development, as the deciduous trees that sprouted after the fires only started dying off in numbers in the 1980s. Before this time, the lake shore forest was dominated by deciduous trees. Therefore, for much of the 20th century, Spruce Island (which had escaped the fires) had a conspicuous evergreen forest in contrast to the younger deciduous forest of the surrounding shore, and thus the island received its name. However, the aging of the lakeshore forest means Spruce Island's forest is no longer visually distinctive.
Fish species.
Fish species include walleye, yellow perch, northern pike, burbot and white sucker.

</doc>
<doc id="9876777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876777" title="Rhizoxin">
Rhizoxin

Rhizoxin is an antimitotic agent with anti-tumor activity. It is isolated from a pathogenic plant fungus ("Rhizopus microsporus") which causes rice seedling blight.
Biosynthesis.
Rhizoxin is biosynthesised by "Burkholderia rhizoxinica", a bacterial endosymbiont of the fungus "Rhizopus microsporus". It is one of a large group of rhizoxin-like compounds produced by the bacteria. The bacterial endosymbiont can be grown independently in culture. This may allow easy harvesting of rhizoxin and the related compounds avoiding total chemical synthesis, although total chemical synthesis is possible.
Cytotoxic function.
Rhizoxin binds beta tubulin in eukaryotic cells disrupting microtubule formation. This, in turn, prevents formation of the mitotic spindle inhibiting cell division. Additionally rhizoxin can depolymerise assembled microtubules. The function of rhizoxin is similar to "Vinca" alkaloids.
Rhizoxin has undergone clinical trials as an anti-cancer drug although, unfortunately, did not reach later stages of clinical trials due to low activity "in vivo". Related compounds to rhizoxin may have improved biological activity.
Structure.
Rhizoxin is a 16-membered lactone ring connected to an oxazole ring by a long unsaturated chain.

</doc>
<doc id="9876793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876793" title="Caroline Augusta of Bavaria">
Caroline Augusta of Bavaria

Princess Caroline Augusta of Bavaria (; Mannheim, 8 February 1792 – 9 February 1873 in Vienna) was a daughter of Maximilian I Joseph, King of Bavaria (1756–1825) and his wife, Augusta Wilhelmine of Hesse-Darmstadt (1765–1796), and a member of the House of Wittelsbach. She was married to Crown Prince William of Württemberg, whom she divorced, and to Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor. From 1816–1835, she was Empress of Austria in her second marriage.
Biography.
On 8 June 1808, at Munich, she married Crown Prince William (1781–1864) becoming Crown Princess of Württemberg. They divorced on 31 August 1814. They had no children.
Her first marriage was arranged to avoid a political marriage arranged by Napoleon. After the marriage ceremony, her spouse said to her: "We are victims to politics". They lived separated in the palace and the marriage was never consummated. She spent her time writing letters to her brother Louis, and learning Italian and English. Her first marriage was dissolved by Pope Pius VII to ensure that she be able to marry again according to the Catholic Church.
On 29 October 1816 she married Francis I, Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary and Bohemia. They had no children. Prior to this marriage, she has always been known as Charlotte, but now began using Caroline. 
Both the Emperor and his brother Ferdinand proposed to her, and Ferdinand took back his proposal so that she could accept the Emperor's. The marriage was simple due to the strict economy of the Emperor. The English diplomat Frederick Lamb called the new empress "ugly clever and aimiable, and as the Emperor expresses it: "She can stand a push, the other was nothing but air"." She became popular in Austria and was active in social work; she founded several hospitals and residences for the poor.
After the death of her spouse, she moved to Salzburg. She was good friends with both her sister Archduchess Sophie and her niece Empress Elisabeth.
A pearl brooch formerly owned by her was auctioned at Sotheby's in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="9876800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876800" title="Saint-Laurent (provincial electoral district)">
Saint-Laurent (provincial electoral district)

Saint-Laurent is a provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It comprises part of the Ahuntsic-Cartierville borough and part of the Saint-Laurent borough of Montreal.
It was created for the 1966 election from parts of Jacques-Cartier and Laval electoral districts.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, its territory was unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="9876810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876810" title="Horaga onyx">
Horaga onyx

The Common Onyx, "Horaga onyx" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
References.
[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Common_Onyx_Horaga_onyx_Female_IMG_5291_Raju_Kasambe_%282%29.jpg]

</doc>
<doc id="9876823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876823" title="Myriam Avalos">
Myriam Avalos

Myriam Avalos (Avalos-Teie) (born Lima, Peru) is a classical pianist.
Life.
She began to study the piano at age two. She gave her first public performance at age three, and shortly after that was admitted to the National Conservatory of Music in Lima. She studied there with Luisa Negri and Teresa Quesada. After winning a concerto competition sponsored by the National Symphony Orchestra of Peru, she made her orchestral debut with that orchestra at age twelve. 
She was awarded a full scholarship to the Eastman School of Music, where she studied with Frank Glazer, and obtained both her bachelor's and master's degrees in piano performance in three years. 
The Organization of American States gave her a special grant that enabled her to study in the United States with the pianists Ellen Mack, Menahem Pressler and Harvey Wedeen, and in Europe with the Hungarian pianist Louis Kentner. She later worked with Marilyn Neeley, and earned a doctoral degree in chamber music from the Catholic University of America . 
In 2004, she was given the title of cultural ambassador by the Government of Peru. She is a collaborative pianist at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, has a private music studio in Northern Virginia, and is a faculty member and regular performing artist at the Apple Hill Center for Chamber Music Summer Festival.
Myriam Avalos' performances and master classes throughout the United States, Latin America, Europe, and Asia have earned her critical acclaim as a soloist, teacher and chamber musician. Her appearances and broadcasts include the Phillips Collection, the Kennedy Center, Dumbarton Concert Series, Purcell Room in London, Royal Academy of Music in Stockholm, Voice of the OAS, San Antonio Festival, WGMS Radio, Teatro Municipal de Lima and two US State Department-sponsored tours of China and Brazil. She has recorded for the MSR Classics label. 
She lives in Annandale, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9876828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876828" title="Piraña (Efteling)">
Piraña (Efteling)

Piraña is a River Rafting Ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands. It was designed by Ton van de Ven and built by Intamin, It opened its doors in 1983.
History and details.
The ride is one of many attractions since the 80’s to diversify in more than just a fairy-tale park. House designer van de Ven took Intamin’s design, as implemented in Six Flag’s “Roaring Rapids” (Texas, amongst others) and expanded it into a pre-Columbian thematic ride. Original planned for 1982, the extensive architecture delayed the opening to 1983.
As with earlier attractions, the entire landscape and service outlets in the area were remodeled to fit the unique design.
Ride length: 520 meters.
Propulsion: four pumps rotating 10 million liters of water per hour.
Maximum Speed: 20 km/h
Capacity: with 35 boats: 2000 visitors per hour.
Cost: € 7,25 million.
First River Rafting Ride in Europe, second in the world.
The Ride.
The ride starts with a descent through a dark tunnel, which opens up into a broad section of rapids in which the boats can even overtake one another. The boats then pass two waterfalls. In some cases the boats line up in such a way that unlucky visitors will get a quick shower from the very edge of the falls. After this the river gets more narrow. The area between these waterfalls offers visitors a chance to watch the boats go by. After the waterfalls there is a narrow passage with another overpass. In hot summers there will be a water jet from the wall to ensure that the boats will be splashed. The rapids get more intense throughout the ride, until it passes the narrow pass. After this pass it will drift between two waterfalls which are literally two walls of water. After passing the last waterfall the ride will end with more intense rapids. From the exit a walk can be made around the ride, using Inca rope bridges.
The ride is based on pre-Columbian cultures, whose styles can be found everywhere:
References.
Fansite<br>
More fans<br>
Company information

</doc>
<doc id="9876834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876834" title="Vitamin Z">
Vitamin Z

Vitamin Z were an English pop rock group, formed in 1982 by vocalist Geoff Barradale and bassist Nick Lockwood. Their lone hit "Burning Flame" charted well in the UK, but no further hits caught on. Geoff Barradale now serves as manager for the Arctic Monkeys.
History.
Vitamin Z founders Geoff Barradale and Nick Lockwood were born and raised in Northern England's Sheffield. The group originally took shape around a loose-knit collection of local musicians who came together in a common rehearsal space.
The band's debut album "Rites of Passage", was released in 1985. Its most prominent single, "Burning Flame", did well on the US dance charts and the band toured England with Tears for Fears. Vitamin Z also made news when their video for the song "Circus Ring (We Scream About)" was filmed in Istanbul, making them the first Western Europeans to be allowed to film in Turkey since "Midnight Express" prompted government officials there to close the border to foreign film units.
A year or so further on and the follow-up album was ready to go. "We sat down and listened to it and it didn't do anything", recalls Barradale. "If it didn't move us, it wasn't going to move anybody else. The songs were good, but the treatment was wrong, contrived, plastic. We see ourselves as far more edgy, spiky. It was the wrong marriage with a producer."
While they awaited the results of a lawsuit that would hopefully allow them to rework the songs, they wrote a number of new ones. They liked what they were hearing so much that they paid for another demo out of their own pockets. "We knew", says Barradale, "that this was our moment. We had to take it." By the time the legal matters were settled, they were already in the studio working on "Sharp Stone Rain", beginning with producer Pete Smith (Sting, The Adventures) but ended up co-producing tracks. 
Also seizing the moment, Lockwood decided to move from bass and keyboards to guitar.
Barradale appeared on The Alan Parsons Project album "Gaudi", released in 1987. He sang lead vocals for the "Standing on Higher Ground" lead off single.
Vitamin Z recorded demos for a third album, which was never released.
Barradale continued to record and perform from his native Sheffield, teaming up with guitarist and songwriter Alan Smyth, later a producer based at his own 2-Fly Studios in the city. Their bands Fruit, Seafruit, were championed by broadcaster Jeff Cooper's 'XS' show (now radio2XS) at the radio station Hallam FM, where they recorded two sessions in 1996 and 1997. Cooper also employed Barradale as the narrator of a 1995 radio documentary for the BBC "Sheffield Music 1995", which also featured Pulp's Jarvis Cocker and others.
Barradale is currently the manager of the band Arctic Monkeys.

</doc>
<doc id="9876835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876835" title="Communist Workers Union of Germany">
Communist Workers Union of Germany

Communist Workers Union of Germany (, KAUD) was a council communist organization in Germany. KAUD was founded in December 1931 by the 'Frankfurt-Breslauer Tendency' of the AAU(E) and sections of KAPD and AAUD. KAUD appealed to workers to form autonomous workers councils.
KAUD published "Der Kampfruf".
Shortly after the 1933 National Socialist takeover KAUD disappeared. During the spring of 1933, the group published magazines with different names. In December 1933, the organization was ripped apart by internal strife. By 1934, some KAUD cadres had regrouped as "Revolutionäre Obleute".

</doc>
<doc id="9876841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876841" title="Horaga viola">
Horaga viola

"Horaga viola", the Brown Onyx, a small lycaenid or Hairstreak butterfly found in Asia. It is sometimes treated as a sub-species of "Horaga albimacula",

</doc>
<doc id="9876849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876849" title="La Línea (Road Pass)">
La Línea (Road Pass)

La Línea () is a highway tunnel currently under construction between the cities of Calarcá, Quindío and Cajamarca, Tolima in Colombia. It will cross beneath the locally famous "Alto de La Línea" in the Cordillera Central or central range of the Andes mountains, easing traffic on one of Colombia's main east-west road connections (the National Route 40) which links Bogotá with Cali and the Pacific port of Buenaventura. It will be the longest road tunnel in Latin America. The total length of the tunnel will be 8,652 metres, its western entrance being at 2,420 metres above msl, 19 kilometres east of the city of Armenia and the eastern one at 2,505 metres above msl, at 37.8 kilometres west of Ibagué. Constructions of the pilot tunnel started on 30 September 2004 and both sides of the pilot met on 2 August 2008. In September 2007 Ministry of Transport launched the tender process for the construction of tunnel and connecting roads. Construction work is expected to begin in 2008 and finish in 2013-2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9876851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876851" title="Shane McConkey">
Shane McConkey

Shane McConkey (December 30, 1969 – March 26, 2009) was a professional skier and BASE jumper. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, and was based in Squaw Valley, California.
Biography.
He won numerous awards and competitions. McConkey started as a competitive ski racer, but moved on to be featured in a long line of extreme skiing movies. McConkey was known for combining BASE jumping with skiing, as seen in such feats as skiing into a BASE jump off the Eiger. McConkey went to Burke Mountain Academy. He was also known for his contributions to ski design, notably being the father of reverse sidecut and reverse camber skis (aka: skis with rocker); first mounting bindings onto water skis for use in Alaska, then with the Volant Spatula and, more recently, the K2 Pontoon ski design. McConkey's high-speed chairlift and ski area at Park City Mountain Resort are named after his father, Jim McConkey, who is considered the father of extreme skiing. On April 2, 2011 Shane McConkey was inducted into the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of fame along with other Tahoe skiers, Daron Rahlves and Glen Plake.
Death.
On March 26, 2009, Shane McConkey died while skiing in the Dolomite Mountains in Italy, after performing a double back flip - McConkey intended to glide away in his wingsuit, "a stunt he's executed a number of times", according to a statement from Matchstick Productions, the company whose films McConkey often starred in, but McConkey struggled to release his skis. By the time he got them off, he had been free-falling for 12 seconds and was too close to the ground for his wingsuit or parachute to do him any good. His parachute did not malfunction; it was never deployed. He died on the scene.
Career accomplishments.
2005: Nominated for Laureus World Sport Award - World Alternative Sportsperson Of The Year, ranked #1 in "Powder Magazine"'s Reader Poll and won "Powder Magazine"’s Full Throttle Award.
2004: Ranked #2 again in "Powder Magazine"’s Reader Poll, won Powder Magazine’s Full Throttle award, won "Powder Magazine"’s Best Helmet Cam award, went ski BASE jumping all over Europe, double front flip off the Eiger and got married in Thailand.
2003: Ranked #2 in Powder Magazine’s Reader Poll, completed his first of over 700 BASE jumps.
2002: Ranked #1 in "Powder Magazine"’s Reader Poll and invented a revolutionary powder ski: The Volant Spatula with reverse camber and reverse sidecut.
2001: ESPN Action Sport Awards Skier of the Year, Red Bull Ultra Cross’s Big Air Comp - 1st and ranked #1 in "Skiing Magazine"’s Top 25 skiers in North America.
Competition results.
2000:
1999:
1998:
1996:
1995:
1994:

</doc>
<doc id="9876861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876861" title="Margaret Nales Wilson">
Margaret Nales Wilson

Margaret “Maggie” Nales Wilson (born March 15, 1989 in the Philippines but raised in Saudi Arabia) is a British-Filipino beauty pageant contestant, TV personality and actress from San Enrique, Negros Occidental. She was crowned Binibining Pilipinas-World at the 43rd Bb. Pilipinas beauty pageant held at the Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City on March 3, 2007. She represented the Philippines in the 57th Miss World pageant on December 1, 2007. She was also an MTV VJ, the first Philippine beauty pageant titleholder to become one.
Personal life.
Wilson was born to Sonia Nales from San Enrique, Negros Occidental and Robert James "Bob" Wilson from Glasgow, Scotland. She has a sister named Elizabeth who is 2 years younger. She studied in St. Scholastica's Academy in Bacolod City, Philippines, the Philippine International School and Al Hekma International School in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and went into homeschooling when she entered showbusiness. Her interests include art, history and rock music. Wilson married real estate mogul Victor B. Consunji in December 2010 at Misibis Bay Resort and Casino, Albay. They have a son named Connor.
Career.
After her crowning as Bb. Pilipinas World 2007, one columnist allegedly questioned her qualifications for not being a high school graduate, which is one of the requirements for joining the pageant. A former Binibining Pilipinas-World titleholder and Miss World 1993 finalist, Ruffa Gutierrez, defended Wilson in a television interview, saying that the latter was chosen because she is tall, stunningly pretty and smart.
She participated in the 57th Miss World pageant in Sanya, China in December 2007 but was unplaced.
As an actress, before entering into beauty pageants, she made her first appearance in "Kakabakaba Adventures". She then played minor roles in GMA shows including "Darna", "Encantadia", "Asian Treasures", "Una Kang Naging Akin" and "Joaquin Bordado", until in 2009 she reprised the major role of Babaeng Linta in the 2009 "Darna" TV series, which starred Marian Rivera. "Darna" was Wilson's first time playing a major villain; she previously played a minor villain in the 2005 version of "Darna", which starred Angel Locsin. Aside from acting, she also hosted Q-11's "Fit & Fab", with fellow beauty pageant titleholder Anna Theresa Licaros in season one and fellow MTV VJ Kat Alano in season two.
She said she hopes to make her mark in the Asian modeling scene, before eventually trying her luck in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9876872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876872" title="Catapaecilma elegans">
Catapaecilma elegans

The Common Tinsel, "Catapaecilma elegans" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9876875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876875" title="Lasiommata megera">
Lasiommata megera

The Wall Brown, Lasiommata megera, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae (subfamily Satyrinae). It is widespread in the Palearctic ecozone with a large variety of habitats and a number of generations a year.
Range.
North Africa, Europe, Caucasus, Asia Minor, Middle East, West Siberia, North Tian-Shan, Dzhungarsky Alatau, Kazakhstan and Dzhungaria
Habitats.
Habitats include forest edges and clearings, shrubby areas in ravines and river valleys and sparse woodlands. Also found in montane habitats up to a.s.l.)
Life history.
The imago flies from April to October in two or three generations dependant on locality and altitude. The larva feeds on grasses 
in the genera "Festuca", "Bromus", "Deschampsia", "Poa", "Dactylis" and "Brachypodium".
"The egg is pale green when first laid, and in shape it is almost spherical, but rather higher than broad ; it is finely ribbed and reticulated, but unless examined through a lens it appears to be quite smooth. The caterpillar when full grown is whitish-green, dotted with white. From the larger of these dots on the back arise greyish bristles ; the three lines on the back (dorsal and sub-dorsal) are whitish, edged with dark green ; the line on the sides (spiracular) is white, fringed with greyish hairs ; anal points green, hairy, extreme tips white. Head larger than the first ring (first thoracic segment), green dotted with white and hairy,jaws marked with brownish.The chrysalis is green, with yellow-tinted white markings on the edge of the wing covers and ridges ; the spots on the body are yellowish, or sometimes white. Occasionally the chrysalids are blackish, with white or yellow points on the body". (South 1906)
Size.
Size: 

</doc>
<doc id="9876877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876877" title="Hirsholmene">
Hirsholmene

Hirsholmene is a group of six small Danish islands in the Kattegat; Hirsholm, Græsholm, Lilleholm, Tyvholm, Kølpen and Deget, located approximately 7 km to the northeast of Frederikshavn. Noted for their impressive bird populations, the islands have been a Danish nature reserve since 1938.[http://www.skovognatur.dk/Udgivelser/Reservatfoldere/Hirs.htm]
Only Hirsholm is inhabited, with a small settlement dating from the 16th century, and a lighthouse from 1886.
The island was the summer retreat for the noted Danish author Dines Skafte Jespersen who wrote the children's book series called "Troldepus" in addition to other works. He also wrote three autobiographical works, including one about his year living and working on the island, called "Himmel, hav og en ø" (Sky, Sea and an Island).
Protections.
Hirsholmene has been an international Ramsar area since the 2nd of September 1977. Today it has number 147 and encompass 3,714 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="9876885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876885" title="The Jepson Manual">
The Jepson Manual

The Jepson Manual: Vascular Plants of California, 2nd edition is the most recent edition of the classic botany text. "Bringing Jepson’s legacy into the 21st century, the new manual aims to describe 'all California taxa that occur in wildlands, regardless of how difficult to identify,' says convening editor Bruce Baldwin, curator of UC Berkeley’s Jepson Herbarium, named for the eminent early California botanist and Berkeley professor Willis Linn Jepson. In all, the second edition features 7,601 California plant species, subspecies and varieties."
While the book is named in honor of Jepson, "The Jepson Manual" is not simply a new edition of Jepson's 1923 book, but a new work which Baldwin calls "“the most time-consuming undertaking of my career." Like other scientific manuals, it builds upon prior publications; except for the number of line drawings, it has more in common with the prior standard manual, Phillip Munz's "A California Flora and Supplement" (1968) than with the 1923 book.
Botanists often refer to this book simply as "Jepson."

</doc>
<doc id="9876899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876899" title="Scheer (band)">
Scheer (band)

Scheer was an alternative rock band from County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It was first founded by PJ 'Doc' Doherty and Paddy Leyden. Doc soon left the band being replaced on bass by Peter Fleming. Scheer's other band members were Paddy Leyden (Rhythm guitar), Audrey Gallagher (vocals), Neal Calderwood, (Lead guitar) and Joe Bates (drummer). 
After spending a few months playing small venues around Ireland, the band were signed by the small Irish record label SON, and released their debut single "Wish You Were Dead" in late 1993. There was a great deal of interest surrounding this release and Scheer followed it with the "Psychobabble EP" in 1994. Around this time PJ left the band to pursue other projects in America and Peter Flemming (who managed the band and was also a session player) filled PJ's post in the interim.
In April 1995, Scheer signed to the 4AD label and released the "Schism EP". In 1996 the band's debut album was ready for release, and this was preceded by the release of two singles: "Sheà" and a revamped "Wish You Were Dead." "Infliction" was released in 1996 to critical acclaim.
The recording of their second album began in 1997, but due to a contractual disagreement with 4AD, the release of the album was postponed indefinitely; the aptly titled "...And Finally" appeared in mid-2000 on the band's own Schism Records label. 
As all the members decided to continue with further solo projects, the group broke up in October 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9876903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876903" title="Laft">
Laft

Laft (, also Romanized as Lāft; also known as Bandar-e Lāft, Lāft-e Now, and Yāft) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,899, in 765 families. Laft is more than 2000 years old. It is located on Qeshm island in the Straits of Hormuz, to the south-west of Bandar Abbas.
Description.
Laft is surrounded by Hara forests (mangroves). The most obvious architectural features of the houses is their variously-sized windbreaks (windtowers). The people of Laft constructed them for making the inner space of the building cool in summer. The buildings of Laft are constructed close to each other, with winding and narrow alleys. 
Historical monuments in Laft include Naderi Castle, a square-shaped castle with four towers; two rounded dome-like reservoirs; a burial ground in which some of the inscriptions are dated to 1000 years ago; and the shrines of Seyed Hassan 
Mansor, Sheikh Tousi, and Sheikh AndarAbi. Behind the castle, in a crater, 366 "Tala" (Golden) wells were dug for gathering the rainwater, one for each day of the leap year in Iran. Some historians believe that these wells date from the time of the Achaemenian and Sassanian dynasties.
At Laft harbor, there is a dock which is related to Median, Achaemenian, and Sassanian dynasties. This dock is about 130 m long and the main seabed thick of about 7 m. The walls at the dock are about 3 m that are made up bevelled stones.
Near Laft a 220 kV-powerline crosses Ghesm strait.
Sheikh AndarAbi Island.
Across from Laft and Khamir harbors, there is a very small island which is named Sheikh AndarAbi. Some parts of this small island are covered with water at high tide. The distance between Laft harbor and Sheikh AndarAbi Island can be covered by a speedboat in less than 5 minutes. At the north margin of Sheikh AndarAbi Island, the surface of the land is lower than other parts of the island and there are lots of Hara trees. At the southeast margin of the island there is a famous dome which is popular as the Shrine of Sheikh AndarAbi or Qadamgah-e Sheikh (footprint of the Sheikh). At high tide seawater covers the majority of the Island. Nowadays, nobody lives there, and fishermen and sailors are still respecting this island.

</doc>
<doc id="9876913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876913" title="Ben Onono">
Ben Onono

Ben Onono (sometime stylized as Ben OnOnO) is a Grammy and Ivor Novello nominated Nigerian British musician and songwriter, born in Cardiff and raised in West Africa. He trained as a concert pianist. He mainly releases house music, and co-wrote the 2002 Ivor Novello award nominee "It Just Won't Do" single, released by Tim DeLuxe. His hit song 'Rainbow of Love' with Bob Sinclar was used in the 2011 Alfa Romeo advertising campaign. In 2011 he was Grammy nominated for his featured work in Bob Sinclars 'Made In Jamaica' album. 
Onono was the featured vocalist in Saffron Hill's 2003 "My Love is Always There", as well as the character in its music video. The song charted 20 in the UK National Charts.
His debut album, "Native Stranger", featured the song "Close Your Eyes" (which was used in the trailer for Channel 4's "Darren Brown's Trick or Treat"). Also from "Native Stranger", the track "Blink" was featured on the soundtrack for the film, "Long Way Down". His song 'Never had a Dream Come True' was featured on the movie 'John Tucker Must Die'. 
Onono song with Nufrequency 'Fallen Hero' became and still remains the no 1 all time most charted song on Resident Advisor website. (Jan '13) Onono also worked with Futureshock, and complied the song "On My Mind" with them. He provided vocals for a different version of "On My Mind" with Rui Da Silva in 2008. Onono has written material for Cicada, Bob Sinclar, Fat Boy Slim and Natalie Imbruglia.

</doc>
<doc id="9876920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876920" title="Love Songs (David Sanborn album)">
Love Songs (David Sanborn album)

Love Songs is a compilation album of romantic songs by American Alto saxophonist David Sanborn and was released in 1995 through Warner Bros. Records.
This album sampler includes romantic tracks from albums released in 1976-1988 such as "Lisa", "Straight To The Heart", and the 1985 version of "The Water Is Wide" with vocalist Linda Ronstadt.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Sanborn; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="9876936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876936" title="Basketball playbook">
Basketball playbook

A basketball playbook, like any sports playbook, involves compilation of strategies the team would like to use during games. The playbook starts as a canvas picture of the basketball court with all its boundaries and lines. On top of that, the playmaker can draw O's for players on offense, and X's for players on defense. Specifically however, playmaker will need to number them for different positions. They are:
<noinclude>
The following are a list of playbook plays commonly used in basketball throughout the world.
Man offense plays.
Man to man offense is commonly referred to as man offense, and as the name implies, the player is matched up with their checks (defender).
Motion offense.
Motion offenses are governed by a set of rules which have everyone in motion. When numbers are used in motion (e.g. 4 out 1 in motion), the first number refers to the number of players outside the three-point line and the second number refers to the players inside the three-point line.
Continuity offense.
Continuity offense are a pattern of movements and passes, which eventually leads back to the starting formation, and the play can repeat itself again.
Man defense plays.
Man to man defense is where the defender follows their check (offensive player) through their movement on the court. 
The court is divided into four parts. Any number that is in the 40s refers to the full court. Any number that is in the 20s is half-court. 
Any number that ends in '0' means that everyone stays with their check. 
Any number that ends in '1' means that the first pass is double teamed or trapped. 
Any number which ends in '2' means that the second pass is attacked with a double team or a trap. 
Any number that ends in '3' means to fake an attack on the first pass, but then return to normal. 
Any number ending in '4' means that the player that is furthest away from the ball handler, attacks the ball handler.
Zone defense plays.
Zone defenses requires that a defender cover an area on the court, and does not follow a check, but covers a check that comes into their area.
Inbounding plays.
When the ball goes out of bounds, there are in bounding plays designed to score
Baseline plays.
These plays are used to score, while in bounding, from under the opponent's baseline.

</doc>
<doc id="9876939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876939" title="Mount Epomeo">
Mount Epomeo

Mount Epomeo (Italian: "Monte Epomeo") is the highest mountain on the volcanic island of Ischia, in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. Epomeo is believed to be a volcanic horst.
Reaching a height of , it towers above the rest of Ischia. Much of Epomeo is covered in lush greenery, with a few vineyards also occupying its slopes. Approximately from the peak the mountain is covered in white lava. 
A path leads to the summit of the mountain from Fontana, one of its quiet traditional villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="9876941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876941" title="Snave">
Snave

Snave is a very small hamlet on Romney Marsh in Kent, England centred close to the A2070 road south of Ashford. Its buildings are a few houses, barns and store sheds and the church of St Augustine which holds one service per year at harvest festival. In spring, the churchyard is heavily clad in daffodils. The church falls under the ecumenical/ecclesiastical (Anglican/Methodist) parish of Hamstreet and Orlestone but the civil parish administering local services is Brenzett.
The nearest shops and railway station are at Hamstreet (3 miles) save for a petrol station at Brenzett (2 miles).
Animals have along been part of the economy. Sheep tending and wool manufacture is a major part of the history of Romney Marsh. Veterinary practices and a boarding cattery are among the local businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="9876944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876944" title="Vylar Kaftan">
Vylar Kaftan

Vylar Kaftan is an American science fiction and fantasy writer. A Clarion West Workshop graduate, she lives on the U.S. West Coast. 
Kaftan's short story "Civilisation" is included in Farah Mendlesohn's anthology "Glorifying Terrorism", and several of her other speculative fiction flash and short stories have also been published. Her short story I'm Alive, I Love You, I'll See You In Reno, published in the June 2010 issue of "Lightspeed Magazine", was a nominee for the 2010 Nebula Award for Best Short Story. 
Her novella "The Weight of the Sunrise," published in the February 2013 issue of "Asimov's Science Fiction", won the 2013 Nebula Award for Best Novella and is a nominee for the 2014 Theodore Sturgeon Award and the Sidewise Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9876953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876953" title="Pablo Bronstein">
Pablo Bronstein

Pablo Bronstein (born 1977, Buenos Aires) is an artist based in London. He attended Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, at the University of the Arts London, the 
Slade School of Fine Art, UCL, and graduated from Goldsmiths College of Art.
He specialises in architectural sketches in ink and gouache, set in ornate frames and depicting imagined buildings incorporating styles from 18th century France and the 1980s. His work also includes live performance: his Plaza Minuet for Tate Triennial 2006 used involved choreographed movement about the gallery space by Baroque-trained dancers. He has also given an architectural tour of London.
He has shown work internationally in exhibitions including "London in Six Easy Steps" at the ICA in London, "Other People’s Projects" at White Columns [http://www.whitecolumns.org/ in New York, "Herald St. presents Pablo Bronstein, Cary Kwok & Djordje Ozbolt" at Liste in Basel and "Dance of the Seven Veils" at Cooper Gallery [http://www.exhibitions.dundee.ac.uk/cooper_gallery.html in Dundee. He is represented by Herald St. [http://www.heraldst.com/] in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9876955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876955" title="David Whiteley">
David Whiteley

David Whiteley (born 4 May 1977, - Essex, England) is the presenter of the BBC TV documentary programme "Inside Out - East". 
Whiteley was born in Essex and started his career working for the commercial radio station Essex FM in 1995 as a broadcast journalist. During this time he was a finalist in the New York radio festival. 
In 1998 he moved to BBC Essex in Chelmsford where he read the breakfast news bulletins and was a reporter. He won a bronze Gillard award for broadcasting. 
Whiteley then moved to TV, working as a reporter for BBC Look East, where he received an RTS award for Newcomer of the Year in 2001. 
Since starting with "Inside Out", Whiteley has become a producer/director, in addition to his duties as the frontman of the show. On 16 August 2008 he married BBC Look East presenter, Amelia Reynolds.

</doc>
<doc id="9876964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876964" title="Henry Gage (disambiguation)">
Henry Gage (disambiguation)

Henry Gage (1852–1924) was the American politician.
Henry Gage is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9876965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876965" title="Lingfield Notre Dame School">
Lingfield Notre Dame School

Lingfield Notre Dame School (sometimes abbreviated to LNDS) is an independent school situated in the English county of Surrey, for students aged from two-and-a-half to eighteen. It is co-educational and in total has approximately 840 students, spread over two sites situated next to one another: the Junior School (catering for the two-and-a-half to eleven year-old students); and the Senior School (catering for the School's eleven to eighteen year-old students).
History.
Lingfield Notre Dame was founded in 1940 by three members of the Roman Catholic School Sisters of Notre Dame as an all-girls school. They had arrived from Faversham, Kent with fourteen young evacuees and set up a school. The School originally occupied houses in Lingfield, before the purchase of Batnors Hall (the current site of the Junior School) and Ivy House (the current site of the Senior School), both on the edge of the village, and close by to Lingfield Racecourse. Ivy House was renamed Le Clerc House, after Alix Le Clerc, the founder of the sixteenth-century order to which the Sisters' order was descended from.
The School was expanded over both sites in the 1950s and 1960s; however by the early 1980s, a decline in vocations made the Sisters feel the need to focus their now more limited resources elsewhere in the world. They left Lingfield in 1986. The School's governance was turned over to a lay educational trust; after which boarding was discontinued and lay senior staff and a board of governors were appointed to replace the nuns. In 1996 the school became fully co-educational, after the appointment of Nuala Shepley as Head Mistress in 1992. 
The 1990s and 2000s saw the rapid construction of further classrooms, Science laboratories, a Music/Drama block, Sports Hall, an Art/Technology block, and the development of further playing fields on adjacent former farmland to the Senior School. The old gymnasium was converted to a dining hall and kitchens, the School Library was enlarged, the Home Economics room was updated, and a new VI Form Centre was built to cater for the growing numbers of pupils. A new cricket pavilion and an Astroturf surface were built, and in 2008, the main Senior School building was refurbished, a separate dining room was created in the expanded VI Form Centre and the Fitness Suite at the Sports Hall was expanded.
Likewise, the Junior School saw similar development with the building of a new Assembly Hall/Sports Hall, further classrooms, a Science laboratory, dining hall, and staff offices. The playground area was enlarged, the former dining room was converted into a hall with a Drama facility and Art Department, car parks were added, and the Nursery and Foundation Departments were refurbished and expanded.
In 2005, the School Governors agreed to an enlarged intake at Year Nine (13+) which increasing the total school roll to around 820 pupils by 2010. In Summer 2011, Nuala Shepley retired and Richard Bool (formerly of Ardingly College) was appointed as the new Head Master.
Lingfield Notre Dame School confirmed the opening of a new State-of-the-Art Sixth Form Centre for the 2014/15 academic year. This concluded a three year design and construction project, the largest in the school’s history. The new building encompasses a statement central atrium, 150-seater university-style lecture theatre, Apple media suite, careers suite, 6 specialist teaching rooms, soft common room, study zones and a coffee shop.
School System.
The school is divided into two physical sites (located next to one another): the Junior School (location of pupils from Nursery to Year Six); and the Senior School (location of pupils Year Seven to Sixth Form). In the Junior School each year contains approximately forty students in two forms. In Years Seven and Eight, the year size is increased to approximately eighty students in four forms. This carries on throughout the school until Sixth Form.
It is usual for most students from the Junior School to continue to the Senior School, after the taking of an entrance exam aged 11+ and 13+ in January (which is taken by outside students, only the top-scoring of whom are selected to join the school, as priority is given to those from the Junior School).
Students in the Senior Schools study English, Maths, Science, Geography, History, Religious Studies, Drama, Music, Food and Nutrition, French, and either Spanish or German (from Year Seven onwards). and Wednesday afternoons are given over to sport, the teams of which compete against other schools.
iGCSE and A-level.
At iGCSE (Year Ten and Eleven), most students normally take seven compulsory subjects: Maths, English Literature, English Language, Biology, Chemistry, Physics and one modern foreign language; and choose three further options from a choice of the following: Art, Drama, Economics, Geography, History, Music, a second foreign language, Media Studies, Religious Studies, Physical Education (PE), and Home Economics. The School enters pupils for the new IGCSE qualification. Those considered good enough at Maths are offered the chance to take Statistics GCSE.
There are a hundred students in the sixth form: fifty in the Lower Sixth (Year 12) and fifty in the Upper Sixth (Year 13). It is usual for sixth formers to take four subjects for AS level and to continue with three for A2 level, although there are some exceptions to this each year. In addition to the subjects taught at GCSE level, Further Maths, Media Studies, Environmental Sciences, Home Economics, Business Studies, Economics, Photography and Psychology are offered at A-level.
House System.
Lingfield Notre Dame has Four Houses; Bell, Yates, Clubb and Higgins named after the parents that took the school from the Notre Dame Sisters. These were originally named after St Andrew, St Patrick, St David and St George, however the change was made at the beginning of the 2013-2014 year. The students are assigned to a house to give a boarding school feel for the pupils and under the supervision of a member of staff acting as a head-of-house, the houses compete in sport, music and charitable fundraising events throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="9876980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9876980" title="Env (gene)">
Env (gene)

"Env" is a viral protein that serves to form the viral envelope. The expression of the "env" gene enables retroviruses to target and attach to specific cell types, and to infiltrate the target cell membrane. Analysis of the structure and sequence of several different "env" genes suggests that Env proteins are type 1 fusion machines. Type 1 fusion machines initially bind a receptor on the target cell surface, which triggers a conformational change, allowing for binding of the fusion protein. The fusion peptide inserts itself in the host cell membrane and brings the host cell membrane very close to the viral membrane to facilitate membrane fusion. While there are significant differences in sequence of the "env" gene between retroviruses, the gene is always located downstream of "gag", "pro", and "pol". The "env" mRNA must be spliced for their expression.
The mature product of the "env" gene is the viral spike protein, which has two main parts: the surface protein (SU) and the transmembrane protein (TM). The tropism of the virus is determined by the SU protein domain because it is responsible for the receptor-binding function of the virus. The SU domain therefore determines the specificity of the virus for a single receptor molecule.
Physical structure.
Oligomerization.
The retroviral glycoproteins are oligomeric complexes that are composed of SU-TM heterodimers, which are made in the endoplasmic reticulum after the translation of the glycosylated Env precursor. The arrangement of these heterodimers determines the 3D structure of the knobbed spike on the viral surface. The Env proteins of the Avian Sarcoma and Leukosis virus (ASLV) and the Murine Leukemia Virus (MLV) are both trimers of SU-TM heterodimers. The Env protein of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) also has a trimeric structure of heterodimers. It is believed that the intracellular transport of the nascent protein depends, to some extent, on the oligomerization of Env precursors, which allows hydrophobic sequences to be buried inside the protein structure. This oligomerization has also been implicated in fusion initiation with the membrane of the target cell.
Post-translational modification.
Env can be modified by the addition of mannose-rich oligosaccharides, a process that takes place in the rough endoplasmic reticulum and is carried out by the enzymes of the host cell. Cotranslational glycosylation take place at the asparagine in the Asn-X-Ser or Asn-X-Thr motifs. Different retroviruses vary widely in N-linked glycosylation sites: HIV-1 can have as many as 30 sites glycosylated, 25 of which reside in gp120. At the other end of the spectrum, MMTV (Mouse Mammary Tumor Virus has only 4 sites for oligosaccharide addition (two on gp52 and two on gp37). The addition of oligosaccharides is believed to play a role in the proper folding of Env, presumably by stabilizing the protein structure. Without proper folding, protein transport and function can be severely compromised. The importance of glycosylation of Env in HIV-1 was ascertained by synthesizing the glycoprotein in the presence of a glycosylation inhibitor, tunicamycin. The synthesized protein was incorrectly folded and incapable of binding CD4. Receptor binding was only minimally affected, however, when the secreted "env" product was enzymatically deglycosylated.
In HIV.
The "env" gene codes for gp160; gp160 is later processed by a host cell protease to form the cleavage products gp120 and gp41. The host cell protease that cleaves gp160 into gp120 and gp41 is Furin. "See Replication cycle of HIV."
"Env" expression is regulated by the gene product of "rev". Experimental deletion of "rev" resulted in the inability to detect the Env protein and levels of "env" mRNA in the cell cytoplasm were significantly diminished. However, when total cellular RNA was analyzed, "env" RNA totals were not significantly difference in the presence and absence of "rev" coexpression. It was found that without "rev" expression, there was a marked increase in nuclear "env" RNA, which suggests that "rev" plays an important role in the nuclear export of "env" mRNA. The role of "rev" was further elucidated when it was found that Rev acts in trans to target a specific sequence present in the "env" gene of HIV-1 to initiate export of incompletely spliced HIV-1 RNA from the nucleus.
gp120.
Exposed on the surface of the viral envelope, the glycoprotein gp120 binds to the CD4 receptor on any target cell that has such a receptor, particularly the helper T-cell. See HIV tropism and Replication cycle of HIV. Strains of HIV-1 have been isolated that are able to enter host cells that are CD4 negative. This CD4-independence is associated with spontaneous mutation in the "env" gene. The presence of a co-receptor, CXCR4, is sufficient for this mutant strain to infect human cells. The strain with this phenotype was found to have seven mutations in the sequence coding for gp120 and it is proposed that these mutations induce conformational changes in gp120 that allow the virus to directly interact with the co-receptor.
Since CD4 receptor binding is the most obvious step in HIV infection, gp120 was among the first targets of HIV vaccine research. These efforts have been hampered by the fusion mechanism used by HIV, which makes neutralization by antibodies extremely difficult. Prior to binding the host cell, gp120 remains effectively hidden from antibodies because it is buried in the protein and shielded by sugars. Gp120 is only exposed when in close proximity to a host cell and the space between the viral and host cell membranes is small enough to sterically hinder the binding of antibodies.
gp41.
The glycoprotein gp41 is non-covalently bound to gp120, and provides the second step by which HIV enters the cell. It is originally buried within the viral envelope, but when gp120 binds to a CD4 receptor, gp120 changes its conformation causing gp41 to become exposed, where it can assist in fusion with the host cell.
Fusion inhibitor drugs such as enfuvirtide block the fusion process by binding to gp41.
Env in MMTV.
The Mouse Mammary Tumor Virus (MMTV) "env" gene codes for a polyprotein that is cleaved to yield the surface (SU) and transmembrane (TM) Env products. Gp52 is the SU subunit in MMTV and gp36 is the TM subunit. The MMTV Env amino acid sequence is: 418-PAYDYAAIIVKRPPYVLLPVDIGD-441. Gp52 is a 52,000-dalton glycoprotein and gp36 is a 36,000-dalton glycoprotein.
MMTV Env is of particular interest to researchers because of the discovery that it encodes an immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motif (ITAM) that has been shown to transform human and murine mammary cell in culture. This ITAM depolarizes epithelial acinar structures, thereby changing the phenotype of the cells and causing them to become cancerous.
Env in ASLV.
Subgroup A.
Avian Sarcoma and Leukosis Viruses (ASLV) have ten subgroups (A through J). The envelope glycoprotein of subgroup A is called EnvA and its "env" gene codes for precursor protein known as Pr95. This precursor is cleaved by host cell enzymes to yield the surface protein subunit, gp85, and the transmembrane protein subunit, gp37, which heterodimerize and then form a trimer. The virus cannot infect cells before the processing of the envelope precursor protein is completed. For the virus to penetrate the cytosol of a host cell, a low pH is necessary.
Env in MLV.
The "env" gene of Murine Leukemia Virus (MLV) codes for the 71,000-dalton glycoprotein, gp71. This membrane receptor was isolated from Rauscher murine leukemia virus (R-MuLV).

</doc>
<doc id="9877011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877011" title="Limet">
Limet

Limet is a herbal bitters made in Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic, flavored with anise seeds, cinnamon, various herbs, and a rich citrus flavor according to a recipe of the Becher family. It is normally served cold, and is often used as an aid to digestion. It can also be served with a tonic water, in which case it is known as a "beton". Its alcohol content is 38 percent (76 proof). The alcohol is based on the original Becherovka, similarly made from a secret mixture of different herbs.
The makers of Limet, the company "Jan Becher — Karlovarská Becherovka, a.s.", date back almost 200 years to the first decade of the 19th century. In 1807, Josef Becher, a pharmacist from Karlovy Vary, started selling bitters made to his own recipe as a medicinal tonic. In 1841, Josef Becher passed on his budding business to his son and heir Johann. Johann started large-scale production, and accordingly his name has been associated with Becherovka to the present day.
The list of ingredients required by the effective Czech Food Law are: water, spirit (30% vol.), sugar, mix of herbs and spices, natural aroma of citrus fruits, and colorant - caramel.

</doc>
<doc id="9877012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877012" title="Chliaria othona">
Chliaria othona

The orchid tit, "Chliaria othona" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
Description.
The orchid tit is a small butterfly which has a wingspan of 24 to 27 mm. The butterfly has two tails, one is 4 mm long at v1 and the other 2 mm long at v2.
Distribution.
The orchid tit is found in India, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, North Vietnam, Peninsular Malaysia, Pulau Tioman and possibly Taiwan.
In Inda the butterfly is found in the Western Ghats, the Himalayas from Garhwal to Assam, Bengal and onto Myanmar.
In Sikkim, the orchid tit is found up to an altitude of 5000 ft.
Status.
Rare in South India. Not Rare in the North.
Habits.
The orchid tit is to be found in dense, rainy jungles. It is rarely seen except around its foodplants - the flower buds of epiphytic orchids. It flies weakly and settlles on flowers, leaves. It visits damp patches.
Life cycle.
Caterpillar - Green onisciform larvae with red dorsal band and three red rippled lines on each side. The caterpillar's head is concealed and its body is covered with minute bristles. Distinct short protuberances extend from the anal segment. It feeds on the flowers of the orchid.
Pupa - Smooth and greenish-grey, resembles those of other Lycaenidae spp. It has a few white markings, with a distinctly wavy pattern on the wing covers. It is found fastened along the stem of the orchids.
Larval food plants - The orchid tit's larval host plants are from the family "Orchidaceae" from genus "Arundina", "Dendrobium", "Papilionanthe", "Phaius", "Phalaenopsis", "Spathoglottis" and the specific species are "Papilionanthe subulata" and "Spathoglottis plicata" 

</doc>
<doc id="9877026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877026" title="Chicoutimi (provincial electoral district)">
Chicoutimi (provincial electoral district)

Chicoutimi is a provincial electoral district in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. The district is located within the city of Saguenay and consists of part of the borough of Chicoutimi; it corresponds exactly to the territory of the former city of Chicoutimi prior to its February 18, 2002, amalgamation into the newly formed city of Saguenay.
It was created for the 1912 election from a part of Chicoutimi-Saguenay electoral district.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2012 electoral map, its territory was unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="9877048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877048" title="Chliaria nilgirica">
Chliaria nilgirica

The Nilgiri Tit, "Chliaria nilgirica" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9877091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877091" title="Uni-President Enterprises Corporation">
Uni-President Enterprises Corporation

Uni-President Enterprises Corporation () () is an international food conglomerate based in Tainan, Taiwan. It is the largest food production company in Taiwan as well as Asia, and has a significant market share in dairy product, foods and snacks, and beverages markets. It is also responsible for running Starbucks, 7-Eleven, Mister Donut and Carrefour in Taiwan. In addition, Uni-President also has subsidiaries in Mainland China and Thailand.
Furthermore, Uni-President is also the owner of Uni-President Lions, a professional baseball team in Taiwan's Chinese Professional Baseball League.
Food safety incidents.
In 2001, the United Kingdom Food Standards Agency (FSA) found in tests of various sauces including soy sauces that some 22% of samples contained a chemical carcinogen called 3-MCPD at levels considerably higher than those deemed safe by the European Union as well as 1,3-DCP its derivative. 
Food Standards Australia New Zealand (FSANZ, formerly ANZFA) followed FSA research and took actions. "President Creamy Soy Sauce" from Taiwan is on the ban list in the second round testing.

</doc>
<doc id="9877098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877098" title="Vaudreuil (provincial electoral district)">
Vaudreuil (provincial electoral district)

Vaudreuil is a provincial electoral district in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It includes the cities of Vaudreuil-Dorion, Hudson, Ile-Perrot, Terrasse-Vaudreuil, Pincourt and Notre-Dame-de-l'Île-Perrot.
It was created for the 1867 election (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada). Its final election was in 1936. It disappeared in the 1939 election and its successor electoral district was Vaudreuil-Soulanges.
It was re-created for the 1989 election from the eastern part of Vaudreuil-Soulanges electoral district.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, its territory was unchanged.
It was named after former governor of New France from 1703 to 1725, Philippe de Rigaud de Vaudreuil.

</doc>
<doc id="9877105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877105" title="Eisenbrauns">
Eisenbrauns

Eisenbrauns is an international academic publisher specializing in the ancient Near East and biblical studies. They publish approximately a dozen new books and reference works each year, as well as reprinting out-of-print books relating to biblical studies. All publications are available in print form. In addition to publishing, Eisenbrauns acts as a distributor for other publishers, and offers typesetting and prepress services.
Eisenbrauns was founded by Jim and Merna Eisenbraun in 1975 in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It maintains a mailing address and historical ties in Winona Lake, Indiana, although offices are now located in the neighboring city of Warsaw, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="9877106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877106" title="Stripe Mountain">
Stripe Mountain

Stripe Mountain is the highest point in both the South Clearwater Mountains and the Clearwater Mountains as a whole, part of the Bitterroot Range and Rocky Mountains in the panhandle of Idaho in the Western United States. Its summit is at an elevation of and the mountain's ridgeline forms the boundary of Idaho County and Lemhi County. The Idaho County portion of the mountain lies within the Bitterroot National Forest and the Lemhi County portion of the mountain lies within the Salmon-Challis National Forest, and the entirety of the mountain lies within the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9877114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877114" title="TEAM (UK band)">
TEAM (UK band)

TEAM were a rock band from Leicester. TEAM formed in 2003 and released two albums on Captains of Industry before splitting in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9877115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877115" title="Toboggan Handicap">
Toboggan Handicap

The Toboggan Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually during the first week of March at Aqueduct Race Track in Queens, New York. Open to horses aged three and older, the Grade III event is contested over at a distance of six furlongs on the dirt and offers a purse of $150,000 added.
The 121st running of The Toboggan Handicap was run in 2014. Before 1896, it was called the Toboggan Slide because it took place on the downhill Eclipse course at Morris Park Racecourse in the Bronx. The Toboggan Slide was not run in 1891 or 1895. The Toboggan Handicap was not run in 1911 and 1912.
Since inception, the Toboggan Handicap has been contested at two different distances:
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of 6 furlongs)
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="9877127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877127" title="Tarset">
Tarset

Tarset is a civil parish in Northumberland, England, created in 1955 from parts of Bellingham, Tarset West and Thorneyburn parishes. It is west-north-west of Bellingham. 
History.
The Comyns, Scottish knights, were established in Tynedale in the 12th century and the manor of Tarset was granted to William Comyn in around 1222. Licence to crenellate was granted to John Comyn in 1267, and Tarset Castle was built half a mile south-west of the present village, of which only grassed-over remains can now be seen. Two miles to the south-west on Birks Moor are the remains of the fortified house known as Dally Castle, believed to have been erected by David Linsey in his manor of Chirdon.
Governance.
Tarset is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Demography.
Tarset has a population of 196. In 1831, its population was 169. In 1968, its population was 149.
Transport.
Tarset was served by Tarset railway station on the Border Counties Railway which linked the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway, near Hexham, with the Border Union Railway at Riccarton Junction. The first section of the route was opened between Hexham and Chollerford in 1858, the remainder opening in 1862. The line was closed to passengers by British Railways in 1956. Part of the line is now beneath the surface of Kielder Water.
Notable people.
John Candlish – politician, Liberal mayor of Sunderland, shipbuilder and glass-bottle manufacturer, owner of Sunderland Beacon and founder of Sunderland News.

</doc>
<doc id="9877134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877134" title="Jerry Merrick">
Jerry Merrick

Jerry Merrick is an American singer-songwriter. His songs have been recorded by Richie Havens, B.J. Thomas, Jerry Jeff Walker, and Susan Tedeschi.
Merrick is best known for writing "Follow," which appeared on the 1967 Richie Havens release "Mixed Bag" (MCA Verve/Folkways), which "Rolling Stone" called a "Sixties folk epic." Havens also performed the song in concert appearances at the Newport Folk Festival and Carnegie Hall. The piece has since appeared within the soundtrack of several films.
Subsequently, Merrick went on to record an album of original compositions for Mercury Records, released in 1969. Following this he moved his family away from New York City and teamed up briefly with fellow Mercury artist Kenny Rankin to appear on "The Tonight Show," and open for Flip Wilson in various venues throughout the US. However, a decision to focus on his growing family eventually led him to withdraw from the music industry. Meanwhile, his song "Guess I'll Pack My Things," had been recorded by Tom Ghent on his self-titled debut for Bill Cosby's Tetragrammaton Records. Apparently, this led to the song (and arrangement) being included by B.J. Thomas on his 1970 Scepter album, "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head." 
Jerry Jeff Walker later recorded Merrick's "The Stranger (He Was The Kind)" on his double album "A Man Must Carry On." It served as an introduction and conclusion in his tribute to beloved Texas poet Hondo Crouch. Walker also included "Follow" on his Electra release, "Jerry Jeff." 
In 1999 Merrick located temporarily in Nashville, Tennessee. During this time he recorded "Suddenly I'll Know You," produced by Tom Ghent on his Sutherland Records label. 

</doc>
<doc id="9877137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877137" title="Eritrean Free Zones Authority">
Eritrean Free Zones Authority

The Eritrean Free Zones Authority is the government agency charged with the development and oversight of the Free Zones in Eritrea. It offers two economic zones in Massawa and Assab, both coastal cities. The Authority is currently under the supervision of CEO Araya Tsegay. The Free Zones were announced in 2001, and later nominally opened in September 2006.
The Massawa Free Zone offers the Massawa International Airport, as well as seaport access. Furthermore, it includes a container terminal and processing facilities. The port will also have access to the rail link with mining operations set to become operational in 2008 in central Eritrea.
The Assab Free Zone offers the Assab International Airport, as well as seaport access. It also contains a salt processing facility and an oil refinery.
Further expansions of the Free Zones Authority are planned, as they become viable.

</doc>
<doc id="9877139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877139" title="Juraj Habdelić">
Juraj Habdelić

Juraj Habdelić (Staro Čiče, 17 April or 27 November 1609 - Zagreb, 27 November 1678) was a Jesuit and a Croatian writer.
His parents was Boldižar Habdelić and Margarita Kraljić. He went to gymnasium in Zagreb, studied philosophy in Graz and theology in Trnava. He worked as a teacher in Rijeka, Varaždin and Zagreb where he became the rector of Jesuit Collegium and manager of Seminary. During his rectorship gymansium was attended by Pavao Ritter Vitezović who will, in his own way, continue the Habdelić's linguistic work, but on different foundations than those taught by the Jesuit gymnasium.
Christian moral is the main theme of Habdelić's literary work, but because a man is prone in violating these strict Christian norms and easily gives himself to sin, this is the main motive of Habdelić's thoughts. His book intended for public uses "Prvi otca našeg Adama greh" ("First sin of our father Adam") had 1200 pages and is a picture of man's fall and his tendency to sin, the book was published by Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith. What is especially important is the ability of Habdelić to anlyze through that main theme all parts of society: nobles, citizens, peasants and he doesn't spare the priests either.
Writing about the actual events in Croatia at that time (Zrinski-Frankopan conspiracy or Croatian and Slovenian peasant revolt led by Matija Gubec) he reveals himself as an upholder of the existing order. He considers the peasant rebellion as inconsistency of common people and their tendency to chaotic behaviour, and the conspiracy as arrogance of grand nobility.
Habdelić wrote in kajkavian dialect and showed himself as an expert in the speech of commoners. At the same time he was opponent of common, profane things in which he also included folk songs, instructing his readers to discard shameful, ungodly and unpure verses and songs.
With his work "Dictionar ili reči slovenske" ("Dictionary or Slavic words") from 1670, he takes prominent, although layman, place in history of Croatian literature and linguistics. Namely, being without any special linguistic knowledge and writing for school papers he wrote Croatian-Latin dictionary. His total work is a mirror of Christian devotion with numerous examples from Jesuit and other religious literature but also a panoramic picture of Croatia in his time.

</doc>
<doc id="9877142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877142" title="Qiu Jie">
Qiu Jie

Qiu Jie (born 1961) is a Chinese artist working in Switzerland, France and China. He was born in Shanghai, China.
Exhibitions.
The solo exhibitions of Qiu Jie include:
He has also participated in group shows including:

</doc>
<doc id="9877143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877143" title="Deudorix epijarbas">
Deudorix epijarbas

The Cornelian, "Deudorix epijarbas" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in south-east Asia from India to the Fiji, including the Philippines, and also the tropical coast of Queensland in Australia. 
The wingspan is about 30 mm.
The larvae feed on "Sapindus trifoliatus", "Euphoria longan", "Litchi chinensis", "Aesculus indicus", "Connarus" species (in seed capsules), "Harpullia pendula", "Pometia pinnata", "Caryota rumphiana" and "Sarcopteryx martyana".

</doc>
<doc id="9877161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877161" title="Promises (Take That song)">
Promises (Take That song)

"Promises" is an pop–dance song by boy band Take That. It was written by Gary Barlow and was the second release from Take That's debut album, "Take That & Party".
Song information.
Written by Gary Barlow and Graham Stack, it was released on 18 November 1991 as the second single from the band's debut album, "Take That & Party" (1992). It was a modest success, charting at number 38 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video uses intercut clips of the band performing and rehearsing as well as showing the hysteria of Take That's fans. It also shows a half-naked band member, unknown at the time, jumping out of a swimming pool. This was later confirmed to be Robbie Williams during an interview.

</doc>
<doc id="9877171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877171" title="Ramón González Valencia">
Ramón González Valencia

Ramón González Valencia (May 24, 1851 – October 3, 1928) was a Colombian conservative, military officer and statesman. He participated in the civil wars of 1876, Colombian Civil War of 1895, and the Thousand Days War.
Biographic data.
González Valencia was born in the town of Chitagá, Santander del Norte, on May 24, 1851. He died in the city of Pamplona, North Santander, on October 3, 1928.
Military career.
Although González Valencia was a young farmer, working in agriculture and cattle rising, he enlisted in the military during the civil wars of the time. His military career began in 1876, at the battle of "“Hatogrande”", the conservative revolt against President Aquileo Parra.
Later, González Valencia, during the liberal revolt against President Miguel Antonio Caro, in 1895, once again he enlists in the national army to fight for his conservative beliefs. He repeated this same action during the civil war of "“the Thousand Days”". Throughout his military career he was highly regarded for his courageous and compassionate attitude. He was ascended to the rank of General of the Army.
González Valencia also held the offices of "“Jefe Civil y Militar”" (Military Governor) of Santander Department and Minister of War during the administration of President José Manuel Marroquín, in 1901.
The Presidency.
González Valencia, in 1904, was chosen by the Colombian Conservative Party to be the running mate of Rafael Reyes as his vice-president. The Colombian Liberal Party abstained from participating in the presidential election of this year, and both Reyes and González Valencia won the election. Nevertheless, and soon after the election, their ideological differences became apparent. González Valencia was a right wing conservative and Reyes was a moderate.
General Reyes, who was politically more ambitious than General González Valencia, could not forget the events of July 31, 1900, when Vice-President José Manuel Marroquín, with the aid of the military and the conservative party, had removed for m office President Manuel Antonio Sanclemente. Because President Rafael Reyes had opened the doors to a dialogue with the liberals, this made the conservatives very suspicious. Because General González Valencia was highly appreciated by both, the Army and the conservative party, this made General Reyes very uncomfortable. Thus, General Reyes had to contrive a plan to remove General González Valencia from the vice-presidency. He requested the intervention of two common friends of him and General González, the Ambassador of the Vatican City State, Nuncio Apostólico Monsignor Francisco Ragonessi and Don Luis Martínez Silva, to whom he expressed his concerns and intentions. General Reyes asked them to please communicate, in the best possible manner, to General González his decision.
Therefore, Monsignor Francisco Ragonessi and Martínez Silva contacted General González Valencia, who was in Cúcuta. They conveyed the message and explained to him that General Reyes would very much appreciate his “voluntary” resignation to the office he had been elected to. All three agreed to meet in Duitama, an equidistant point between Bogotá and Cúcuta. On March 9, 1905, they met, as agreed, and General González Valencia submitted his resignation.
General González Valencia served as Vice President under Rafael Reyes, who because of personal and professional differences, fired him and abolished the office of the vice presidency. It was not until the enactment of the Colombian Constitution of 1991 that the vice-presidency was reinstated again. He also served as Interim President of Colombia from August 3, 1909 to August 7, 1910.
General González Valencia, in his letter of resignation, addressed to the nation and not to General Reyes, said: "“In the best interest of the country and for the high ideals of the party, I resign today voluntarily, before the nation that honored and trusted me with this high office, because of the incompatibilities between the President and the Vice-President”". The resignation was obviously not voluntarily, in light of the demands of the "“dictador de facto”". The liberal party manifested great appreciation to Monsignor Ragonessi for his valuable service in furtherance of the peace process in the nation.
The political tide and public opinion changed in disfavor of General Reyes. He resigned as President and handed over the office to President Interim Jorge Holguín. General Reyes, on his way out of the country, met with General González Valencia in the port of Gamarra and asked him to retake his office of Vice-President. General Reyes declined his offer, for obvious reasons. Nevertheless, once that General Reyes had left the country, Congress convened on July 20, 1909, and elected General González Valencia as president of Colombia. General González Valencia was inaugurated on August 3, 1909, and was to serve until August 6, 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="9877188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877188" title="1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G">
1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G

Men's Super G World Cup 1991/1992
Final point standings.
In Men's Super G World Cup 1991/92 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9877201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877201" title="Virachola isocrates">
Virachola isocrates

Virachola isocrates is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. Its common names include common guava blue, pomegranate butterfly, and anar butterfly. It is a pest of pomegranates in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9877212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877212" title="Tarzan the Tiger">
Tarzan the Tiger

Tarzan the Tiger (1929) is a Universal movie serial based on the novel "Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar" by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It stars Frank Merrill as Tarzan, Natalie Kingston as Jane, and Al Ferguson. It was written by Ian McClosky Heath and directed by Henry MacRae.
It was considered lost at one time but a copy has since been found. Today the serial is available on DVD and, in the public domain, available for download on the internet.
Synopsis.
Lord Greystoke (Tarzan) returns to Africa, with Lady Jane and friend Albert Werper, in order to return to Opar. He needs the treasure of Opar in order to secure his estates in England. Werper, however, is actually interested in the gold himself. He is in league with Arab slave trader Achmet Zek who wishes revenge on Tarzan and Lady Jane for himself.
Cast.
"Quoted text from the opening credits for each character."
Production.
Tarzan the Tiger was a sequel based on the success of "Tarzan the Mighty".
Advertising for the serial, in addition to the usual jungle serial perils (such as elephants, lions, tigers and gorillas), focused on the beautiful women (Lady Jane, La, and the women of the slave market scenes). Kingston, as Jane, appeared topless in a swimming sequence in chapter 8. "It is said that fathers sometimes accompanied their sons to the showings."
A further sequel, to create a trilogy of Frank Merrill Tarzan serials, was planned. The third entry would have been called "Tarzan the Terrible". However, Merrill's voice was deemed unsuitable for sound films and the sequel was cancelled. Merrill made personal appearances in costume to promote the serial. During these, he realised how much influence he had on children. Combined with the issues over his voice this led him to retire after this serial and devote his life to children. He become a Recreational Director for the Parks commission of the Los Angeles city administration.
"Tarzan the Tiger" was a transitional film with one version released as a silent and the other with a partial soundtrack. The soundtrack only covered music and sound effects, but does include the first Tarzan yell, although it does not sound like the now traditional call that was first used in the Johnny Weissmuller Tarzan movie "Tarzan the Ape Man".

</doc>
<doc id="9877223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877223" title="Greenhaugh">
Greenhaugh

 
Greenhaugh is a small village in Northumberland, England. It is located northwest of Bellingham and borders the Northumberland National Park. It is in the parish of Tarset.
Governance.
Greenhaugh is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.

</doc>
<doc id="9877224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877224" title="Andy Fish">
Andy Fish

Andy Fish is an American artist, writer, graphic novelist and cartoonist.
Fish attended both the School of Visual Arts in New York City and Rhode Island School of Design where he continues to do portfolio reviews there for prospective students offering guidance and critique. 
In 2009 he was contacted by Quarto Publishing to be the Author and Artist of a series of art instruction books for Quarto Publishing in London including "How To Draw Graphic Novels", "How To Draw Tattoo Style", "How To Draw Superheroes" and "How To Draw Supernatural Creatures" and "How to Draw Manga".
A longtime collaborator with Adam "Batman" West, Fish completed THE MISADVENTURES OF ADAM WEST #5 comic book for Blue Water Productions along with frequent artistic collaborator Brian Flint which was released May 2012. In an interview with the Telegram and Gazette Fish expressed his excitement to be working on the title of his boyhood heroe's comic book adventures. Blue Water's notorious reputation for underpaying freelancers may have been the reason the creative team only worked on one issue. 
Recently signing with McFarland Press he produced the 120 page "Werewolves of Wisconsin and Other American Folklore" as a full color graphic novel which was released Halloween 2011. The book explores regional folklore and mysteries in the continental United States and is a mixture of fiction and non-fiction. McFarland Books has announced his second graphic novel for them will be an adaption of Bram Stoker's DRACULA.
In fall 2008, he was appointed as an adjunct professor of art instruction at the Massachusetts College of Art and at the same time signed on as faculty for the new graphic novel illustration program for Emerson College in Boston. He has been a faculty member of the Worcester Art Museum for over ten years working with some 1200 students in a variety of disciplines, including the hosting duties of the Museum's participation in the worldwide 24 Hour Comics Challenge every year in October. Notable with Worcester Art he has also been selected as an artist mentor in their Art All State Program which recently celebrated its 25th anniversary and Fish has completed an unprecedented eight years in a row in that role.
A previous graphic novel, "FLY; A True Story Completely Made Up", was released to comic book stores worldwide as well as through Amazon and Target in fall 2008. The book met with critical success, including one Eisner judge who said Fish was "throwing some serious heat" in contention for that prestigious award but despite the positive comments there was no nomination forthcoming.
Fish created the independent comic book character Adam Bomb, and later introduced the character as one of the first online comic strips on the Internet.
The strip was turned into a series of Flash Animation cartoons by the Showtime artist Rob Feldman.
Fish's work as a painter has been shown in many solo gallery shows around the US including the 2007 Suckers and Biters Exhibit at the Adhoc Gallery in Brooklyn, New York,Suckers and Biters as well as winning honorable mention at a March 2006 show celebrating the anniversary of the Smiley Face Icon created by Harvey Ball.
His work at ArtsWorcester was featured in the Pop Euphoria show along with his wife Veronica Hebard, whom he married in October 2010.
Fish is often criticized for his outspoken attitude towards art and politics and he has been incorrectly linked to members of the Tea Party, which he firmly denies, although he does admit to being a staunch defender of the second amendment.
At an event hosted by Worcester State University to discuss Economic Opportunities and the State of the Art Industry in Central Massachusetts, Fish was quoted as saying "Worcester suffers from Gilligan’s Island syndrome, We’ve made a radio out of coconuts and we’re pretending it’s a Bose radio,” drawing gasps from some in the audience for “Art Works: A Public Forum on Creative Economies in Central Massachusetts,”. Fish was one of six panelists appearing with moderator Mark Lynch, host of Public Radio WICN’s “Inquiry.”
As a writer he is adapting Travis Simpkins' essay into a screenplay which he hopes to direct himself.
In spring 2009, he was contracted by Bazley Films to adapt their treatment for "Gangsters" into both a finished screenplay and a graphic novel.
A duo show called Atomic Hearts and the Electrical Brain featured 150 all-new works created by both he and his wife and opened to great success on June 26, 2009./
2005, 2012 he was nominated "New England Newspaper Illustrator of the Year" for his covers for Worcester Magazine.
Lecture series.
Along with his wife, illustrator and fellow graphic novelist Veronica Fish, Andy does lectures through the Massachusetts Performer's Directory speaking at schools and libraries on the subjects of writing, comics, Manga, Graphic Novels as well as programs on developing your career as a professional artist. These lectures are extremely popular and often book out months in advance.
References.
http://natick.patch.com/topics/Andrew+Fish
http://www.telegram.com/article/20120405/TOWNNEWS/120409780/-1/telegramtowns&TEMPLATE=TOWNPORTAL&WT_TOWN=telegramtowns

</doc>
<doc id="9877237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877237" title="Virachola perse">
Virachola perse

The Large Guava Blue, "Virachola perse" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9877249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877249" title="Nixon v. Condon">
Nixon v. Condon

Nixon v. Condon, 286 U.S. 73 (1932), was a voting rights case decided by the United States Supreme Court, which found the all-white Democratic Party primary in Texas unconstitutional. This was one of four cases brought to challenge the Texas all-white Democratic Party primary. All challenges were supported by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). With "Smith v. Allwright," the Supreme Court decisively prohibited the white primary.
Background.
In "Nixon v. Herndon" (1927), the Court had struck down a Texas statute that prohibited blacks from participating in the Texas Democratic primary election. Very shortly after that decision, the Texas Legislature repealed the invalidated statute, declared that the effect of the "Nixon" decision was to create an emergency requiring immediate action, and replaced the old statute with a new one. The new law provided that every political party would henceforth "in its own way determine who shall be qualified to vote or otherwise participate in such political party."
Under the authority of this law, the executive committee of the Texas Democratic Party adopted a resolution stating that "all white democrats who are qualified under the constitution and laws of Texas" would be allowed to vote. In the 1928 Democratic primary, Dr. L.A. Nixon of El Paso again tried to vote. He was again denied, on the ground that the resolution allowed only whites to vote (Nixon was black). Nixon sued the judges of elections in federal court.
The Issue.
The defendants argued that there was no state action and therefore no equal protection violation, because the Democratic Party was "merely a voluntary association" that had the power to choose its own membership.
The Decision.
The Court, however, in a five to four ruling, reasoned that because the Texas statute gave the party's executive committee the authority to exclude would-be members of the party – an authority, the Court said, that the executive committee hitherto had not possessed – the executive committee was acting under a state grant of power. Because there was state action, the case was controlled by "Nixon v. Herndon" (1927), which prohibited state officials from "discharg their official functions in such a way as to discriminate invidiously between white citizens and black."
Aftermath.
The Court's decision affected all-white primaries in other Southern states.
The Democratic Party in Texas responded by barring blacks from participation in the party nominating conventions, and thus effectively continuing the white primary.
"Grovey v. Townsend" (1935) and "Smith v. Allwright" (1944) were additional cases brought by African Americans to challenge Texas white primaries. With the latter, the Supreme Court decisively prohibited white primaries.

</doc>
<doc id="9877259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877259" title="Víctor Burgos">
Víctor Burgos

José Víctor Flores Burgos (born April 10, 1974 in Copala, Sinaloa, Mexico) is a professional Mexican boxer in the Flyweight division. Víctor is the former IBF Light Flyweight Champion. He also has a Nephew Juan Carlos Burgos, who is a Featherweight Prospect.
Pro career.
Burgos' career has been marked by his mediocre record—after turning pro in 1993, he lost his first 4 fights, 2 by KO. Burgos kept fighting and eventually had better success.
IBF Light Flyweight championship.
In February 2003, Víctor won the vacant IBF Light Flyweight Championship in a bout with Alex Sanchez.
WBA Light Flyweight championship.
On December 13, 2003 he fought for Rosendo Álvarez WBA Light Flyweight Championship, the fight ended in a draw.
He lost the title to Will Grigsby in 2005, and rebounded with two wins in the flyweight division to set up a title fight with Vic Darchinyan for the IBF flyweight belt.
IBF & IBO Flyweight Championships.
On March 3, 2007 Burgos fought Vic Darchinyan at the Home Depot Center in Los Angeles. Burgos was knocked down and between the 10th and 11th rounds, the referee went to Burgos' corner to inquire to his fitness to continue. The corner cleared Burgos to continue. In the 12th, Burgos was again on the receiving end of a flurry, and the referee ended the fight, a TKO loss. Burgos then passed out on the stool in his corner; he was taken on a stretcher with a neck brace to LA County Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, where doctors removed a blood clot from his brain and induced a coma. Burgos was moved out of the Intensive Care Unit to a regular room [http://sports.espn.go.com/sports/boxing/news/story?id=2816217]. He has been recognizing friends and family members.

</doc>
<doc id="9877269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877269" title="Castor (rocket stage)">
Castor (rocket stage)

The Castor family of solid-fuel rocket stages and boosters is built by Thiokol (now ATK) and used on a variety of launch vehicles. They were initially developed as the second stage motor of the Scout rocket. The design was based on the MGM-29 Sergeant, a surface-to-surface missile developed for the United States Army at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

</doc>
<doc id="9877273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877273" title="Trittenheim">
Trittenheim

Trittenheim on the Middle Moselle is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Trier-Saarburg district (before January 2012: Bernkastel-Wittlich district) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Trittenheim lies on the even slope of a tongue of land (a point bar) formed by a tight bend in the Moselle. Trittenheim belongs to the "Verbandsgemeinde" of Schweich an der Römischen Weinstraße, whose seat is in the town Schweich.
Nearby cities and towns.
The nearest middle centre is Bernkastel-Kues, about 25 km away, and the nearest upper centre is Trier, about 30 km away.
Other cities and towns within a 120 km radius are, with rough distances to each:
Also, it is roughly 40 km to the border with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
History.
Having been founded as a Frankish settlement, Trittenheim had its first documentary mention in 893 in the "Prümer Urbar", a catalogue of Prüm Abbey’s holdings, and for a long time was Electoral-Trier domain. Beginning in 1794, Trittenheim lay under French rule. In 1814 it was assigned to the Kingdom of Prussia at the Congress of Vienna. Since 1947, it has been part of the then newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Politics.
Municipal council.
The council is made up of 16 council members, who were elected by proportional representation at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.
The municipal election held on 7 June 2009 yielded the following results:
Mayor.
The current mayor is Franz-Josef Bollig.
Coat of arms.
The municipality’s arms might be described thus: Sable issuant from base an abbot’s staff terminating in a grapeleaf palewise inside the crook Or between in base an inescutcheon argent charged with a cross gules and a cross tau, the upper arms clechée, of the third.
Economy and infrastructure.
Trittenheim is characterized considerably by winegrowing, and with 236 ha of vineyards under cultivation is after Piesport, Zell, Leiwen, Konz, Neumagen-Dhron, Mehring and Bernkastel-Kues the eighth biggest winegrowing centre in the Mosel wine region. Traditionally, it is mainly Riesling that is grown. The best known vineyards are "Trittenheimer Apotheke" and "Trittenheimer Altärchen", both of which belong to the winemaking appellation – "Großlage" – of Piesporter Michelsberg. Winegrowing also forms the basis for the tourism, which likewise stands as an important economic factor.
Famous people.
In 1462, Johannes Zeller, a humanist known as Johannes Trithemius (d. 1516 in Würzburg) was born here.
In the outlying centre of Dhrönchen on the river Kleine Dhron, Stefan Andres, a well known German writer, was born.
In 1991, the Trittenheim Wine Queen, Lydia Bollig, was chosen as the 1991-1992 German Wine Queen.
In 1999, the Trittenheim winemakers found no wine queen and instead made Togbui Ngoryifia Kosi Olatidoye Céphas Bansah – or Céphas Bansah for short – a king of 200,000 of the Ewe people in Ghana, who lives in Germany, the first and only Wine King. He runs an automotive workshop in Ludwigshafen and governs his people by fax and email, even as he visits them quite often.

</doc>
<doc id="9877277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877277" title="Amiel Gladstone">
Amiel Gladstone

Amiel Gladstone (born 1972) is a Canadian playwright and director. A graduate of the University of Victoria, Gladstone is a founder of Theatre Skam, an alternative theatre company in Victoria, BC and is the former Artistic Associate at Caravan Farm Theatre and the Belfry Theatre. Gladstone's plays have been produced across Canada, as well as in New York, Philadelphia, Colmar, France, and Bucharest, Romania. He has worked as a director or playwright for numerous companies including Vancouver Playhouse, Arts Club Theatre, Touchstone Theatre, Alberta Theatre Projects, working on plays by people such as Veda Hille, Bill Richardson, Sean Dixon, Morris Panych, Melissa James Gibson. He currently lives in Vancouver.
Gladstone has also worked as a voice director for the English adaptation of several Japanese anime TV series, including Cardcaptor Sakura and Mobile Suit Gundam.
In 2007, Coach House Books published a collection of Gladstone's plays, entitled "Hippies and Bolsheviks and Other Plays".

</doc>
<doc id="9877280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877280" title="Rapala varuna">
Rapala varuna

The Indigo Flash, "Rapala varuna" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Indigo_Flash_Rapala_varuna_Matheran_DSCF2046_%2812%29._At_Matheran,_Raigad_District_Maharashtra_India.JPG]

</doc>
<doc id="9877282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877282" title="Jenifer (album)">
Jenifer (album)

Jenifer is Jenifer Bartoli's début album, released in 2002 in France, and in February 2007 in the U.S. It achieved success on the French and Belgian charts, reaching the top two in both. It spawned four successful singles, all of which were top ten hits in Jenifer's native country. The album was recorded in a mere three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="9877288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877288" title="Skew lattice">
Skew lattice

In abstract algebra, a skew lattice is an algebraic structure that is a non-commutative generalization of a lattice. While the term "skew lattice" can be used to refer to any non-commutative generalization of a lattice, over the past twenty years it has been used primarily as follows.
Definition.
A skew lattice is a set "S" equipped with two associative, idempotent binary operations formula_1 and formula_2, called "meet" and "join", that satisfy the following dual pair of absorption laws
formula_3 and formula_4.
Given that formula_5 and formula_6 are associative and idempotent, these identities are equivalent to the dualities:
formula_7 iff formula_8 and formula_9 iff formula_10. 
Historical background.
For over 60 years, noncommutative variations of lattices have been studied with differing motivations. For some the motivation has been an interest in the conceptual boundaries of lattice theory; for others it was a search for noncommutative forms of logic and Boolean algebra; and for others it has been the behavior of idempotents in rings. A "noncommutative lattice", generally speaking, is an algebra formula_11 where formula_6 and formula_5 are associative, idempotent binary operations connected by absorption identities guaranteeing that formula_6 in some way dualizes formula_5. The precise identities chosen depends upon the underlying motivation, with differing choices producing distinct varieties of algebras. "Pascual Jordan", motivated by questions in quantum logic, initiated a study of "noncommutative lattices" in his 1949 paper, "Über Nichtkommutative Verbande", choosing the absorption identities
formula_16
He referred to those algebras satisfying them as "Schrägverbände". By varying or augmenting these identities, Jordan and others obtained a number of varieties of noncommutative lattices.
Beginning with Jonathan Leech's 1989 paper, "Skew lattices in rings", skew lattices as defined above have been the primary objects of study. This was aided by previous results about bands. This was especially the case for many of the basic properties.
Basic properties.
Natural partial order and natural quasiorder
In a skew lattice formula_17, the natural partial order is deﬁned by formula_18 if formula_19, or dually, formula_20. The natural preorder on formula_17 is given by formula_22 if formula_23 or dually formula_24. While formula_25 and formula_26 agree on lattices, formula_25 properly reﬁnes formula_26 in the noncommutative case. The induced natural equivalence formula_29 is deﬁned by formula_30 if formula_31, that is, formula_32
and formula_33 or dually, formula_24 and formula_35. The blocks of the partition formula_36 are
lattice ordered by formula_37 iﬀ formula_38 and formula_39 exist such that formula_40. This permits us to write Hasse diagrams of skew lattices such as the following pair:
E.g., in the diagram on the left above, that formula_41 and formula_42 are formula_29 related is expressed by the dashed
segment. The slanted lines reveal the natural partial order between elements of the distinct formula_29-classes. The elements formula_45, formula_46 and formula_47 form the singleton formula_29-classes.
Rectangular Skew Lattices
Skew lattices consisting of a single formula_29-class are called rectangular. They are characterized by the equivalent identities: formula_50, formula_35 and formula_52. Rectangular skew lattices are isomorphic to skew lattices having the following construction (and conversely): given nonempty
sets formula_53 and formula_54, on formula_55 deﬁne formula_56 and formula_57. The formula_29-class partition of a skew lattice formula_17 , as indicated in the above diagrams, is the unique partition of formula_17 into its maximal rectangular subalgebras, Moreover, formula_29 is a congruence with the induced quotient algebra formula_62 being the maximal lattice image of formula_17 , thus making every skew lattice formula_17 a lattice of rectangular subalgebras. This is the Cliﬀord-McLean Theorem for skew lattices, ﬁrst given for bands separately by Cliﬀord and McLean. It is also known as "the First Decomposition Theorem for skew lattices".
Right (left) handed skew lattices and the Kimura factorization
A skew lattice is right-handed if it satisﬁes the identity formula_65 or dually, formula_66.
These identities essentially assert that formula_67 and formula_68 in each formula_29-class. Every skew lattice formula_17 has a unique maximal right-handed image formula_71 where the congruence formula_53 is deﬁned by formula_73 if both formula_74 and formula_75(or dually, formula_76 and formula_77). Likewise a skew lattice is left-handed if formula_74 and formula_76 in each formula_29-class. Again the maximal left-handed image of a skew lattice formula_17 is the image formula_82 where the congruence formula_54 is deﬁned in dual fashion to formula_53. Many examples of skew lattices are either right or left-handed. In the lattice of congruences, formula_85 and formula_86 is the identity congruence formula_87. The induced epimorphism formula_88 factors through both induced epimorphisms formula_89 and formula_90. Setting formula_91, the homomorphism formula_92deﬁned by formula_93, induces an isomorphism formula_94. This is the Kimura factorization of formula_17 into a ﬁbred product of its maximal right and left-handed images.
Like the Cliﬀord-McLean Theorem, Kimura factorization (or the "Second Decomposition Theorem for skew lattices") was ﬁrst given for regular bands (that satisfy the middle absorption
identity, formula_96 ). Indeed both formula_6 and formula_5 are regular band operations. The above symbols formula_29, formula_54 and formula_53 come, of course, from basic semigroup theory.
For more details on the basic properties of a skew lattice please read and.
Subvarieties of skew lattices.
Skew lattices form a variety. Rectangular skew lattices, left-handed and right-handed skew lattices all form subvarieties that are central to the basic structure theory of skew lattices. Here are several
more.
Symmetric Skew Lattices
A skew lattice S is symmetric if for any formula_102 , formula_103 iﬀ formula_104. Occurrences of commutation are thus unambiguous for such skew lattices, with subsets of pairwise commuting elements generating commutative subalgebras, i.e, sublattices. ( This is not true for skew lattices in general.) Equational bases for this subvariety, ﬁrst given by Spinks are:
formula_105 and formula_106.
A lattice section of a skew lattice formula_17 is a sublattice formula_108 of formula_17 meeting each formula_29-class of formula_17 at a single element. formula_108 is thus an internal copy of the lattice formula_62 with the composition formula_114 being an isomorphism. All symmetric skew lattices for which |S/D| \leq \aleph_0 , admit a lattice section. Symmetric or not, having a lattice section formula_108 guarantees that formula_17 also has internal copies of formula_71 and formula_82 given respectively by formula_119 and formula_120, where formula_121 and formula_122 are the formula_54 and formula_53 congruence classes of formula_125 in formula_108 . Thus formula_127 and formula_128 are isomorphisms (See ). This leads to a commuting diagram of embedding dualizing the preceding Kimura diagram.
Cancellative Skew Lattices
A skew lattice is cancellative if formula_129 and formula_130 implies formula_131 and likewise formula_132 and formula_133 implies formula_134. Cancellatice skew lattices are symmetric and can be shown to form a variety. Unlike lattices, they need not be distributive, and conversely.
Distributive Skew Lattices
Distributive skew lattices are determined by the identities:
formula_135 (D1 )
formula_136 (D’1 )
Unlike lattices, (D1 ) and (D‘1 ) are not equivalent in general for skew lattices, but they are for symmetric skew lattices. (See.) The condition (D1 ) can be strengthened to formula_137 (D2 ) in which case (D‘1 ) is a consequence. A skew lattice formula_17 satisﬁes both (D2) and its dual, formula_139, if and only if it factors as the product of a distributive lattice and a rectangular skew lattice. In this latter case (D2 ) can be strengthened to formula_140 and formula_141. (D3 )
On its own, (D3 ) is equivalent to (D2 ) when symmetry is added. (See.) We thus have six subvarieties of skew lattices determined respectively by (D1), (D2), (D3) and their duals.
Normal Skew Lattices
As seen above, formula_6 and formula_5 satisfy the identity formula_96. Bands satisfying the stronger identity, formula_145, are called normal. A skew lattice is normal skew if it satisﬁes
formula_146
For each element a in a normal skew lattice formula_17, the set formula_148 deﬁned by { formula_149} or equivalently {formula_150} is a sublattice of formula_17, and conversely. (Thus normal skew lattices have also been called local lattices.) When both formula_1 and formula_2 are normal, formula_17 splits isomorphically into a product formula_155 of a lattice formula_108 and a rectangular skew lattice formula_29, and conversely. Thus both normal skew lattices and split skew lattices form varieties. Returning to distribution, formula_158 so that formula_159 characterizes the variety of distributive, normal skew lattices, and (D3) characterizes the variety of symmetric, distributive, normal skew lattices.
Categorical Skew Lattices
A skew lattice is categorical if nonempty composites of coset bijections are coset bijections. Categorical skew lattices form a variety. Skew lattices in rings and normal skew lattices are examples
of algebras on this variety. Let formula_160 with formula_38, formula_39 and formula_163, formula_164 be the coset bijection from formula_165 to formula_166 taking formula_41 to formula_42, formula_169 be the coset bijection from formula_166 to formula_171 taking formula_42 to formula_46 and ﬁnally formula_174 be the coset bijection from formula_165 to formula_171 taking formula_41 to formula_46. A skew lattice formula_17 is categorical if one always has the equality formula_180, ie. , if the
composite partial bijection formula_181 if nonempty is a coset bijection from a formula_171 -coset of formula_165 to an formula_165-coset
of formula_171 . That is formula_186.
All distributive skew lattices are categorical. Though symmetric skew lattices might not be. In a sense they reveal the independence between the properties of symmetry and distributivity.
For more details on these and other subvarieties of skew lattices please read and.
Skew Boolean algebras.
A zero element in a skew lattice S is an element 0 of S such that for all formula_187, formula_188 or, dually, formula_189. (0)
A Boolean skew lattice is a symmetric, distributive normal skew lattice with 0, formula_190, such that formula_148 is a Boolean lattice for each formula_192. Given such skew lattice S , a diﬀerence operator \ is deﬁned on by x\ y = formula_193 where the latter is evaluated in the Boolean lattice formula_194. In the presence of (D3) and (0), \ is characterized by the identities:
formula_195 and formula_196
One thus has a variety of skew Boolean algebras formula_197 characterized by identities (D3), (0) and (S B). A primitive skew Boolean algebra consists of 0 and a single non-0 D-class. Thus it is the result of adjoining a 0 to a rectangular skew lattice D via (0) with formula_198, if formula_199
and formula_47 otherwise. Every skew Boolean algebra is a subdirect product of primitive algebras. Skew Boolean algebras play an important role in the study of discriminator varieties and other generalizations in universal algebra of Boolean behavior. For more details on skew Boolean algebras see 
Skew lattices in rings.
Let formula_165 be a Ring and let formula_202 denote the set of all Idempotents in formula_165. For all formula_204 set formula_205 and formula_206.
Clearly formula_6 but also formula_5 is associative. If a subset formula_209 is closed under formula_6 and formula_5, then formula_212 is a distributive, cancellative skew lattice. To ﬁnd such skew lattices in formula_202 one looks at bands in formula_202, especially the ones that are maximal with respect to some constraint. In fact, every multiplicative band in formula_215 that is maximal with respect to being right regular (= ) is also closed under formula_5 and so forms a right-handed skew lattice. In general, every right regular band in formula_202 generates a right-handed skew lattice in formula_202. Dual remarks also hold for left regular bands (bands satisfying the identity formula_219) in formula_202. Maximal regular bands need not to be closed under formula_5 as deﬁned; counterexamples are easily found using multiplicative rectangular bands. These cases are closed, however, under the cubic variant of formula_5 deﬁned by formula_223 since in these cases formula_224 reduces to formula_225 to give the dual rectangular band. By replacing the condition of regularity by normality formula_226, every maximal normal multiplicative band formula_17 in formula_202 is also closed under formula_229 with formula_230, where formula_231, forms a Boolean skew lattice. When formula_202 itself is closed under multiplication, then it is a normal band and thus forms a Boolean skew lattice. In fact, any skew Boolean algebra can be embedded into such an algebra. (See.) When A has a multiplicative identity formula_45, the condition that formula_202 is multiplicatively closed is well-known to imply that formula_202 forms a Boolean algebra. Skew lattices in rings continue to be a good source of examples and motivation. For more details read.
Primitive skew lattices.
Skew lattices consisting of exactly two D-classes are called primitive skew lattices. Given such a skew lattice formula_17 with formula_29-classes formula_37 in formula_36, then for any formula_38 and formula_39, the subsets
formula_242{formula_243} formula_244 and formula_245 {formula_246} formula_247
are called, respectively, "cosets of A in B" and "cosets of B in A". These cosets partition B and A with formula_248 and formula_249. Cosets are always rectangular subalgebras in their formula_29-classes. What is more, the partial order formula_251 induces a coset bijection formula_252 defined by:
formula_253 iff formula_254, for formula_255 and formula_256.
Collectively, coset bijections describe formula_251 between the subsets formula_165 and formula_166. They also determine formula_5 and formula_1 for pairs of elements from distinct formula_29-classes. Indeed, given formula_38 and formula_39, let formula_265 be the
cost bijection between the cosets formula_266 in formula_165 and formula_268 in formula_166. Then:
formula_270 and formula_271.
In general, given formula_272 and formula_273 with formula_40 and formula_275, then formula_276 belong to a common formula_166- coset in formula_165 and formula_279 belong to a common formula_165-coset in formula_166 if and only if formula_282. Thus each coset bijection is, in some sense, a maximal collection of mutually parallel pairs formula_40.
Every primitive skew lattice formula_17 factors as the fibred product of its maximal left and right- handed primitive images formula_285. Right-handed primitive skew lattices are constructed as follows. Let formula_286 and formula_287 be partitions of disjoint nonempty sets formula_165 and formula_166, where all formula_290 and formula_291 share a common size. For each pair formula_292 pick a fixed bijection formula_293 from formula_290 onto formula_291. On formula_165 and formula_166 separately set formula_298 and formula_299; but given formula_38 and formula_39, set
formula_302 and formula_303
where formula_304 and formula_305 with formula_306 belonging to the cell formula_290 of formula_41 and formula_309 belonging to the cell formula_291 of formula_42. The various formula_312 are the coset bijections. This is illustrated in the following partial Hasse diagram where formula_313 and the arrows indicate the formula_314 -outputs and formula_251 from formula_165 and formula_166.
One constructs left-handed primitive skew lattices in dual fashion. All right handed primitive skew lattices can be constructed in this fashion. (See Section 1.)
The coset structure of skew lattices.
A nonrectangular skew lattice formula_17 is covered by its maximal primitive skew lattices: given comparable formula_29-classes formula_37 in formula_36, formula_322 forms a maximal primitive subalgebra of formula_17 and every formula_29-class in formula_17 lies in such a subalgebra. The coset structures on these primitive subalgebras combine to determine the outcomes formula_326 and formula_327 at least when formula_328 and formula_329 are comparable under formula_330. It turns out that formula_326 and formula_327 are determined in general by cosets and their bijections, although in
a slightly less direct manner than the formula_330-comparable case. In particular, given two incomparable D-classes A and B with join D-class J and meet D-class formula_334 in formula_36, interesting connections arise between the two coset decompositions of J (or M) with respect to A and B. (See Section 3.)
Thus a skew lattice may be viewed as a coset atlas of rectangular skew lattices placed on the vertices of a lattice and coset bijections between them, the latter seen as partial isomorphisms
between the rectangular algebras with each coset bijection determining a corresponding pair of cosets. This perspective gives, in essence, the Hasse diagram of the skew lattice, which is easily
drawn in cases of relatively small order. (See the diagrams in Section 3 above.) Given a chain of D-classes formula_336 in formula_36, one has three sets of coset bijections: from A to B, from B to C and from A to C. In general, given coset bijections formula_338 and formula_339, the composition of partial bijections formula_340 could be empty. If it is not, then a unique coset bijection formula_341 exists such that formula_342. (Again, formula_343 is a bijection between a pair of cosets in formula_165 and formula_171.) This inclusion can be strict. It is always an equality (given formula_346) on a given skew lattice S precisely when S is categorical. In this case, by including the identity maps on each rectangular D-class and adjoining empty bijections between properly comparable D-classes, one has a category of rectangular algebras and coset bijections between them. The simple examples in Section 3 are categorical.

</doc>
<doc id="9877291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877291" title="Clooniffe">
Clooniffe

Clooniffe, Moycullen, County Galway, is an populated area between Moycullen village and the N59 at the Clooniffe Cross. Many of the All-Ireland winning Moycullen Gaelic football team reside in Clooniffe.

</doc>
<doc id="9877299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877299" title="Parachute (iPod game)">
Parachute (iPod game)

Parachute is an iPod game released by Apple Inc. for various iPod models. The game is installed in the firmware. It is very similar to the Apple II game "Sabotage".
Gameplay.
The objective of the game is to get as many points as possible before enemies destroy the player's turret, which happens when a paratroopers lands on top of the turret or after five paratroopers land successfully. The user aims their turret with the scroll wheel and shoots with the middle "select" button. Destroying a helicopter will release debris that can destroy other helicopters or paratroopers. Shooting a paratroopers will not release anything that can harm other enemies, however, shooting the parachute will cause the paratrooper to fall and kill any paratroopers directly below.
One point is deducted for every shot taken. Destroying a target in any way (by firing, with debris from helicopters, etc.) awards two points. Thus performing multiple hits with a single shot exploiting the debris is the main technique to reach high scores; for example shooting at a single helicopter and also destroying with the debris another helicopter and a parachute will result in 2+2+2-1=5 points, instead of the 3 points that would be scored by killing each of the 3 items with a 'dedicated' shot.
Sometime during game play paratroopers stop appearing and falling, letting the player fire at the helicopters with no further risks of being destroyed, and easily reach the maximum score of 1000 points; no known exploits had been found to generate this scenario consistently.
When the player loses, debris falls on the turret, causing it to explode. The player may then press the "select" button again, initiating a new game.

</doc>
<doc id="9877300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877300" title="La Prairie (provincial electoral district)">
La Prairie (provincial electoral district)

La Prairie is a provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It consists of the cities of Candiac, Delson, La Prairie and Saint-Philippe. Prior to 1988, it was spelled as one word: Laprairie.
It was originally created for the 1867 election (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada). Its final election was in 1919. It disappeared in the 1923 election and its successor electoral district was Napierville-Laprairie. It was recreated in for the 1973 election from parts of Chambly and Napierville-Laprairie.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it lost Saint-Constant and Saint-Mathieu to the newly created Sanguinet electoral district.
Election results.
^ Change is from redistributed results. CAQ change is from ADQ.

</doc>
<doc id="9877310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877310" title="The Jade Box">
The Jade Box

The Jade Box (1930) is a Universal movie serial. It was a partially sound film with large silent elements. Only an incomplete version survives today.
Plot.
John Lamar buys a Jade Box in Asia but it is stolen by his friend Martin Morgan. A cult, searching for the box because it contains the secret to invisibility, catches up with and abducts Lamar. After discovering the theft, the cult send a message to Martin and the pair's children: John Lamar's son, Jack, who is engaged to Martin Morgan's daughter, Helen. Jack searches for the Box while Martin attempts to discover the secret of invisibility for his own schemes.
Critical reception.
Cline states that, while "The Jade Box" is not of a high technical quality, it did show at the time that a mystery serial could be improved by the addition of music and sound effects.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9877318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877318" title="Edwin Sill Fussell">
Edwin Sill Fussell

Edwin Sill Fussell, Ph.D. (July 4, 1922 - August 27, 2002) was a professor of English literature at the University of California at San Diego. He was the elder brother of Paul Fussell.
Early life.
Fussell was born in Pasadena, CA and grew up there. His father, Paul Longstreth Fussell (15 January 1895-16 July 1973), was a corporate lawyer in Los Angeles with the firm of O’Melveny & Myers. His mother was born Wilhma Wilson Sill in Illinois 21 August 1893 and died 23 March 1971. In 1943 Fussell earned a B.A. degree from Pomona College. Thereafter he joined the U.S. Navy, serving aboard a destroyer in the Pacific Theater of Operations during World War II. He received a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1949.
Career.
Fussell first taught at the University of California at Berkeley. He refused to sign a loyalty oath during the era of Sen. Joseph McCarthy's "communist-hunting" in the early 1950s, losing his professorship as a result. Fussell then went to Pomona College, his alma mater, where he taught American Literature. After teaching at the Claremont Graduate School, Fussell joined the faculty of UC-San Diego. He retired in 1991.
Retirement.
During his retirement, Fussell lived in Paris and Rome. He still wrote, especially about Henry James, Chateaubriand, and Balzac. Fussell died in August 2002 in La Jolla, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="9877319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877319" title="Psychopathy Checklist">
Psychopathy Checklist

The Psychopathy Checklist, now the Psychopathy Checklist—revised (PCL-R), is a psychological assessment tool most commonly used to assess the presence of psychopathy in individuals. It is a 20-item inventory of perceived personality traits and recorded behaviors, intended to be completed on the basis of a semi-structured interview along with a review of 'collateral information' such as official records. 
The PCL was originally developed in the 1970s by Canadian psychologist Robert D. Hare for use in psychology experiments, based partly on Hare's work with male offenders and forensic inmates in Vancouver, and partly on an influential clinical profile by American psychiatrist Hervey M. Cleckley first published in 1941.
An individual's score may have important consequences for his or her future, and because the potential for harm if the test is used or administered incorrectly is considerable, Hare argues that the test should only be considered valid if administered by a suitably qualified and experienced clinician under scientifically controlled and licensed, standardized conditions. Hare receives royalties on licensed use of the test.
In terms of psychometrics, the current version of the checklist has two factors (sets of related scores) that correlate about 0.5 with each other, with Factor One closer to Cleckley's original personality concept than Factor two. Hare's checklist does not incorporate the "positive adjustment features" that Cleckley did.
PCL-R model of psychopathy.
The PCL-R is used for indicating a dimensional score, or a categorical diagnosis, of psychopathy for clinical, legal or research purposes. It is rated by a mental health professional (such as a psychologist or other professional trained in the field of mental health, psychology, or psychiatry), using 20 items. Each of the items in the PCL-R is scored on a three-point scale according to specific criteria through file information and a semi-structured interview. 
The scores are used to predict risk for criminal re-offense and probability of rehabilitation. 
The current edition of the PCL-R officially lists three factors (1.a, 1.b, and 2.a), which summarize the 20 assessed areas via factor analysis. The previous edition of the PCL-R listed two factors. Factor 1 is labelled "selfish, callous and remorseless use of others". Factor 2 is labelled as "chronically unstable, antisocial and socially deviant lifestyle". There is a high risk of recidivism and mostly small likelihood of rehabilitation for those who are labelled as having "psychopathy" on the basis of the PCL-R ratings in the manual for the test, although treatment research is ongoing.
PCL-R Factors 1a and 1b are correlated with narcissistic personality disorder. They are associated with extraversion and positive affect. Factor 1, the so-called core personality traits of psychopathy, may even be beneficial for the psychopath (in terms of nondeviant social functioning). 
PCL-R Factors 2a and 2b are particularly strongly correlated to antisocial personality disorder and borderline personality disorder and are associated with reactive anger, criminality, and impulsive violence. The target group for the PCL-R in prisons in some countries is criminals convicted of delict and/or felony. The quality of ratings may depend on how much background information is available and whether the person rated is honest and forthright.
The two factors.
Early factor analysis of the "PCL-R" indicated it consisted of two factors. Factor 1 captures traits dealing with the interpersonal and affective deficits of psychopathy (e.g., shallow affect, superficial charm, manipulativeness, lack of empathy) whereas factor 2 dealt with symptoms relating to antisocial behavior (e.g., criminal versatility, impulsiveness, irresponsibility, poor behavior controls, juvenile delinquency). 
The two factors have been found by those following this theory to display different correlates. Factor 1 has been correlated with narcissistic personality disorder, low anxiety, low empathy, low stress reaction and low suicide risk but high scores on scales of achievement and social potency. In addition, the use of item response theory analysis of female offender PCL-R scores indicates factor 1 items are more important in measuring and generalizing the construct of psychopathy in women than factor-2 items.
In contrast, factor 2 was found to be related to antisocial personality disorder, social deviance, sensation seeking, low socioeconomic status and high risk of suicide. The two factors are nonetheless highly correlated and there are strong indications they do result from a single underlying disorder. Research, however, has failed to replicate the two-factor model in female samples.
Recent statistical analysis using confirmatory factor analysis by Cooke and Michie indicated a three-factor structure, with those items from factor 2 strictly relating to antisocial behavior (criminal versatility, juvenile delinquency, revocation of conditional release, early behavioral problems and poor behavioral controls) removed from the final model. The remaining items are divided into three factors: arrogant and deceitful interpersonal style, deficient affective experience and impulsive and irresponsible behavioral style. 
In the most recent edition of the "PCL-R", Hare adds a fourth antisocial behavior factor, consisting of those factor-2 items excluded in the previous model. Again, these models are presumed to be hierarchical with a single, unified psychopathy disorder underlying the distinct but correlated factors.
The Cooke & Michie hierarchical three-factor model has severe statistical problems—i.e., it actually contains ten factors and results in impossible parameters (negative variances)—as well as conceptual problems. Hare and colleagues have published detailed critiques of the Cooke & Michie model. New evidence, across a range of samples and diverse measures, now supports a four-factor model of the psychopathy construct, which represents the interpersonal, affective, lifestyle, and overt antisocial features of the personality disorder.
Usage.
The PCL-R is widely used to assess individuals in high security psychiatric units, prisons and other settings. This may be of help in deciding who should be detained or released, or who should undergo what kind of treatment. It is also used for its original purpose - to carry out basic psychology studies of psychopathy.
The PCL-R also has some wide use as a risk assessment tool that attempts to predict who will offend or reoffend. It has been touted as unparalleled in its ability in this regard, and there have been some positive studies, especially early on. However, several recent studies and very large-scale meta-analysis have cast serious doubt on whether it performs as well as other instruments, or better than chance, and to the extent that it does, whether this is largely due its inclusion of past offending history, rather than the personality trait scores that make it unique. In addition although in controlled research environments the Inter-rater reliability of the PCL-R may be satisfactory, in real-world settings it has been found to have rather poor agreement between different raters, especially on the personality trait scores. Further, a review which pooled together various risk assessment instruments including the PCL, found that peer-reviewed studies on which the developer or translator of the instrument was an author (which in no case was disclosed in the journal article) were twice as likely to report positive predictive findings.
On the purported basis of concerns about false positives, inadequately trained raters, and general misuse or overuse of the test including with different racial groups, an advice guide was published in 2011 on how to pass the Hare PCL-R.
Comparison with psychiatric diagnoses.
Psychopathy, as measured on the PCL-R, is negatively correlated with all DSM-IV Axis I disorders except substance abuse disorders. Psychopathy is most strongly correlated with DSM-IV antisocial personality disorder. 
The American Psychiatric Association's DSM-IV-TR indicates that psychopathy and sociopathy are other names for antisocial personality disorder. In the DSM-V, however, psychopathy is also included in a separate speculative chapter for further research as a possible 'specifier' for ASPD - a particular type of ASPD characterized by a "bold interpersonal style". The World Health Organization in its ICD-10 refers to psychopathy, antisocial personality, asocial personality, and amoral personality as synonyms for dissocial personality disorder.
Among laypersons and professionals, there is much confusion about the meanings and differences between psychopathy, sociopathy, antisocial personality disorder, and the ICD-10 diagnosis, dissocial personality disorder. Hare takes the stance that psychopathy as a syndrome should be considered distinct from the DSM-IV's antisocial personality disorder construct, even though ASPD and psychopathy were intended to be equivalent in the DSM-IV. However, those who created the DSM-IV felt that there was too much room for subjectivity on the part of clinicians when identifying things like remorse and guilt; therefore, the DSM-IV panel decided to stick to observable behavior, namely socially deviant behaviors. 
As a result, the diagnosis of ASPD is something that the "majority of criminals easily meet". Hare goes further to say that the percentage of incarcerated criminals that meet the requirements of ASPD is somewhere between 80 and 85 percent, whereas only about 20% of these criminals would qualify for a diagnosis of what Hare's scale considers to be a psychopath. This twenty percent, according to Hare, accounts for 50 percent of all the most serious crimes committed, including half of all serial and repeat rapists. 
Hare wants the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" to list psychopathy as a unique disorder, saying psychopathy has no precise equivalent in either the "DSM-IV-TR", where it is most strongly correlated with the diagnosis of antisocial personality disorder, or the "ICD-10", which has a partly similar condition called dissocial personality disorder. Both organizations view the terms as synonymous. But only a minority of those in institutions whom Hare and his followers would diagnose as psychopaths are violent offenders.
Other psychopathy findings.
According to Hare, one FBI study produced in 1992 found that 44 percent of offenders who killed a police officer were psychopaths. The study was 'Killed in the Line of Duty: A Study of Selected Felonious Killings of Law Enforcement Officers.'
There has been some controversy over the use of the PCL-R by UK prison and secure psychiatric services, including its role in the government's new administrative category of 'Dangerous and Severe Personality Disorder' (a separate older administrative category of 'psychopathic disorder' in the Mental Health Act was abolished in 2007). One leading forensic psychologist, while Deputy Chief at the Ministry of Justice, has argued that it has not lived up to claims that it could identify those who would not benefit from current treatments or those most likely to violently reoffend.
A study using the PCL-R to examine the relationship between antisocial behavior and suicide found that suicide history was strongly correlated to PCL-R factor 2 (reflecting antisocial deviance) and was not correlated to PCL-R factor 1 (reflecting affective functioning). Given that ASPD relates to factor 2, whereas psychopathy relates to both factors, this would confirm Hervey M. Cleckley's assertion that psychopaths are relatively immune to suicide. People with ASPD, on the other hand, have a relatively high suicide rate.
The PCL-R is sometimes used to assess risk of sexual (re)offending, with mixed results.
Since psychopaths frequently cause harm through their actions, it is assumed that they are not emotionally attached to the people they harm; however, according to the PCL-R checklist, psychopaths are also careless in the way they treat themselves. They frequently fail to alter their behavior in a way that would prevent them from enduring future discomfort.
In practice, mental health professionals rarely treat psychopathic personality disorders as they are considered untreatable and no interventions have proved to be effective. In England and Wales the diagnosis of antisocial personality disorder is grounds for detention in secure psychiatric hospitals under the Mental Health Act 1983 if the individual has committed a serious crime. But since such individuals are disruptive for other patients and are not responsive to treatment this alternative to prison is not often used.
Because an individual's scores may have important consequences for his or her future, the potential for harm if the test is used or administered incorrectly is considerable. The test can only be considered valid if administered by a suitably qualified and experienced clinician under controlled conditions.
The manipulative skills of some psychopaths are valued for providing audacious leadership. It is argued psychopathy is adaptive in a highly competitive environment, because it gets results for both the individual and the corporations or, often small political sects they represent. However, these individuals will often cause long-term harm, both to their co-workers and the organization as a whole, due to their manipulative, deceitful, abusive, and fraudulent behaviour. 
Hare has described psychopaths as 'social predators', 'remorseless predators', or in some cases 'lethal predators', and has stated that 'Psychopathic depredations affect people in all races, cultures, and ethnic groups, and at all levels of income and social status'.
Criticism.
In addition to the aforementioned report by Cooke and Michie that a three-factor structure may provide a better model than the two-factor structure, Hare's concept and checklist have faced other criticisms.
In 2010 there was controversy after it emerged Hare had threatened legal action that stopped publication of a peer-reviewed article on the PCL-R. Hare alleged the article quoted or paraphrased him incorrectly. The article eventually appeared three years later. It alleged that the checklist is wrongly viewed by many as the basic definition of psychopathy, yet it leaves out key factors, while also making criminality too central to the concept. The authors claimed this leads to problems in overdiagnosis and in the use of the checklist to secure convictions. Hare has since stated that he receives less than $35,000 a year from royalties associated with the checklist and its derivatives.
Hare's concept has also been criticised as being only weakly applicable to real-world settings and tending towards tautology. It is also said to be vulnerable to "labeling effects"; to be over-simplistic; reductionistic; to embody the fundamental attribution error; and to not pay enough attention to context and the dynamic nature of human behavior. It has been pointed out that half the criteria can also be signs of mania, hypomania, or frontal lobe dysfunction (e.g., glibness/superficial charm, grandiosity, poor behavioral controls, promiscuous sexual behavior, and irresponsibility).
Some research suggests that ratings made using the PCL system depend on the personality of the person doing the rating, including how empathic they themselves are. One forensic researcher has suggested that future studies need to examine the class background, race and philosophical beliefs of raters because they may not be aware of enacting biased judgments of people whose section of society or individual lives they have no understanding of or empathy for.

</doc>
<doc id="9877326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877326" title="Russell Napier">
Russell Napier

Russell Gordon Napier (28 November 1910 – 19 August 1974) was an Australian actor.
Russell Napier was born in Perth, Western Australia. Originally a lawyer, Napier was active as an actor from 1947 to 1974, playing both comedic and dramatic roles in both cinema and television. Notably, he starred in a live BBC television production of H. G. Wells' "The Time Machine" in 1949; still photographs of this production exist, but no actual footage.
He was the most frequent star of the "Scotland Yard" series of mystery movies which ran from 1953 to 1961, playing Detective Superintendent Duggan in thirteen films. Napier also played Duggan in the American Broadcasting Company anthology television series, "Scotland Yard," which aired beginning in 1957 in the United States.,
He was the commentator of the official 1962 TV documentary "Sound an Alarm", about the "United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation". He died in London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="9877329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877329" title="Brinkburn">
Brinkburn

Brinkburn is a parish in Northumberland, England. It is divided by the River Coquet. 

</doc>
<doc id="9877336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877336" title="Watermark Inc.">
Watermark Inc.

Watermark Inc. was a radio syndication company that was founded in 1969 by Tom Rounds and Ron Jacobs. Watermark's best known programs were American Top 40 and its spinoff American Country Countdown. Both shows were created by Casey Kasem and Don Bustany.
Watermark also syndicated other shows including "The Robert W. Morgan Special of the Week", "Alien Worlds", "Soundtrack of the 60's" (hosted by "Murray the K" from 1980 to 1981, and Gary Owens to series end), "Profiles in Rock" (hosted by Terry McGovern), "Ringo's Yellow Submarine", and "The Elvis Presley Story", as well as occasional specials. The company also produced the "Cruisin'" series of albums, recreating top 40 disk jockey shows of the 50s and 60s and released on Increase Records (which at the time was a unit of Watermark), and Jack S. Margolis' comedy album, "A Child's Garden of Grass", for Elektra Records.
In 1982 Watermark was bought by ABC Radio Networks in order to acquire its flagship shows AT40 and ACC. Watermark became a subdivision of ABC Radio and would continue to exist until 1995 when the original AT40 program ceased production. The last new Watermark program, "American Gold", debuted in 1991 with Dick Bartley as host. "American Gold" ended its run in March 2009, when Bartley left ABC (by this time being dissolved into Citadel Media).

</doc>
<doc id="9877341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877341" title="Rapala iarbus">
Rapala iarbus

Rapala iarbus, commonly known as the Common Red Flash, is a species of Lycaenid butterfly found in Asia.
References.
[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Indian_Red_Flash_%28Rapala_jarbus%29_UP._DSCF2014_%286%29._At_Matheran,_Raigad_District_Maharashtra_India.JPG]
[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Indian_Red_Flash_%28Rapala_jarbus%29._Matheran_2DSCF2241_%281%29.JPG]

</doc>
<doc id="9877361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877361" title="Pettipants">
Pettipants

Pettipants are a type of lingerie worn by women. The name is a portmanteau of "petticoat" (ultimately from French "petit", "small") and "pants". Pettipants are similar to long shorts, though they may be made from material such as cotton and lace, and usually have ruffles down each leg. They are available in different lengths up to knee length.
When pettipants were fashionable, they were usually worn under skirts, dresses, culottes, or walking shorts for modesty or comfort. However, they are not considered a modern or popular style; currently they are most likely to be worn by square dancers or persons involved in historical reenactment. 
Unlike other types of underwear, pettipants will not ride up and eliminate hot-weather chafing.

</doc>
<doc id="9877373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877373" title="The Lightning Express">
The Lightning Express

The Lightning Express is a 1930 American Universal film serial.
Production.
"The Lightning Express" was based on "Whispering Smith Speaks" by Frank H. Spearman.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9877380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877380" title="Charlesbourg (provincial electoral district)">
Charlesbourg (provincial electoral district)

Charlesbourg is a provincial electoral district in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It consists of part of the Charlesbourg borough of Quebec City.
It was created for the 1973 election from parts of Chauveau and Montmorency electoral districts. 
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it lost very small amounts of territory to Jean-Lesage and Montmorency electoral districts.

</doc>
<doc id="9877401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877401" title="William Daniels (artist)">
William Daniels (artist)

William Daniels (born 1976 in Brighton) is an English photo-realist artist. 
Based in London, he produces oil paintings that recreate iconic historical works—portraits, landscapes, nudes, etc.—using as subjects rough maquettes constructed from waste card and paper. For instance, his "William Blake II" is based on the 
Thomas Phillips portrait of William Blake. Other works recreated include Caravaggio's "David with the Head of Goliath", Courbet's "L'Origine du monde", and Turner's "The Shipwreck".
He has shown work in many exhibitions including "Waste Material" at The Drawing Room, London; "The Darkest Hour" at Leisure Club Mogadishni, Copenhagen; "William Daniels" at Marc Foxx, Los Angeles; and "William Daniels & Fiona Jardine" at the Transmission Gallery, Glasgow. He is represented by Marc Foxx in Los Angeles and Vilma Gold in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9877403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877403" title="Vadebra lankana">
Vadebra lankana

The Malabar Flash butterfly, Vadebra lankana is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9877412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877412" title="Douglas Wilson (activist)">
Douglas Wilson (activist)

Douglas Wilson (1950–1992) was a Canadian gay activist, graduate student, publisher and writer born in Saskatchewan. In 1975, he gained prominence in a fight for gay rights with the University of Saskatchewan. The University's Dean of the College of Education refused to allow Wilson into the school system to supervise practice teachers because of his public involvement with the gay liberation movement. Wilson was vice-president of the Gay Community Centre Saskatoon and had been trying to start a gay academic union at the university. The Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission failed to protect Wilson and his case was unsuccessful.
Wilson spent most of his life fighting for human rights issues, activism and AIDS organizations. In 1977 he founded Stubblejumper Press, a small publishing house dedicated to works by Canadian lesbians and gay men. The company's first title was Wilson's own poetry collection "The Myth of the Boy". He served as executive director of the Saskatchewan Association on Human Rights from 1978 to 1983. In 1983 Wilson moved to Toronto to work for the Toronto Board of Education as an advisor to the Race Relations and Equal Opportunity Office. In 1984 he became one of the founding publishers of "Rites: for lesbian and gay liberation".
Wilson was the first openly gay candidate to be nominated by a major political party to stand for Parliament, as a candidate of the New Democratic Party in the Toronto riding of Rosedale in the 1988 election. During the campaign he was diagnosed with AIDS. He spent the rest of his life as an AIDS activist, helping to found AIDS Action Now! and founding chairperson of the Canadian Network of Organizations for People Living With AIDS. Wilson published his partner Peter McGehee's novels, "Boys Like Us" (1991) and "Sweetheart" (1992). One month before his death, he completed McGehee's notes of his third novel, "Labour of Love" (1993). Wilson died on September 24, 1992 at the age of 42.
In 1995 the University of Saskatchewan's gay organization (Gays and Lesbians at the U of S, GLUS) established the Doug Wilson Award, given annually to honour those individuals who have shown leadership and courage in advancing the rights of gays & lesbians at the University of Saskatchewan. The University of Saskatchewan Students' Union (USSU) has presented the award since 2001, after GLUS folded following the establishment of the USSU-run Pride Centre.
In March 2009, "Stubblejumper", a film about Doug Wilson was screened in venues across Saskatchewan. It was directed by Saskatchewan filmmaker David Geiss.
In honour of his role as a significant builder of LGBT culture and history in Canada, a portrait of Wilson by artist Alfred Ng is held in the Canadian Lesbian and Gay Archives' National Portrait Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="9877417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877417" title="Nennig">
Nennig

Nennig is a village in the Saarland, Germany, part of the municipality of Perl. It is situated on the river Moselle, opposite Remich, Luxembourg. 
Overview.
Nennig is known for a Roman villa containing well-preserved mosaics that were excavated in the 19th century. The village was a condominium of the Trier bishopric, Lorraine (the Kingdom of France from 1766) and Luxembourg until its annexation by Revolutionary France in 1794. During the Second World War Nennig was almost completely destroyed as the village changed hands several times in late-1944 and early-1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9877419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877419" title="Dohngi Dam">
Dohngi Dam

Dohngi Dam lies 2 kilometers northwest of Gujar Khan in Rawalpindi, Punjab.Pakistan. The Dam is a local tourist attraction for residents of Gujar Khan. In the hot Summer season, many local youngsters use the dam to bathe or swim. In the summer of 1996, one such group of local youths visited the dam for such a purpose. Tragically, one of the youths, 17-year old Bilal Ahmed of Saigolabad village drowned in the Dam. In 1875 a youngster Muneeb Ahmad Abbasi committed suicide because of failure in love.Since then this dam is not open to public.

</doc>
<doc id="9877425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877425" title="Peter Keely">
Peter Keely

Peter Keely (1924/1925 - 2007) was an Irish footballer who played with Shelbourne and Glentoran.
Keely won two league titles, two Shields and two inter-league caps during his eleven season with Shels. Was released by Shels in July 1956.
His son Dermot is currently in his second spell as Shelbourne manager.

</doc>
<doc id="9877427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877427" title="Alan W. Clarke">
Alan W. Clarke

Alan W. Clarke, J.D., LL.M., is best known for his work opposing the death penalty. He is currently an Associate Professor of Integrated Studies at Utah Valley University.
Education.
Clarke did his undergraduate work at William and Mary, where he also finished his law degree. His thesis at Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario for the LL.M. 1994, is titled "Procedural Labyrinths and the Injustice of Death: A Critique of Death Penalty Habeas Corpus." A recent book (with Laurie Anne Whitt, Fall 2007), "The Strange Fruit of American Justice: International and Domestic Resistance to the Death Penalty," argues that executions in the U.S. have far-reaching effects on relationships between the U.S. and other countries worldwide.
Legal Work.
Clarke's trial experience has been in Indian law, capital murder, and habeas corpus (including death row representation). He has been an ACLU cooperating attorney, including voting rights litigation for the Virginia ACLU. In 2008 he received an award from the NAACP for his voting-rights work in Lancaster County, Virginia.
Clarke helped organize the first successful fishermen's union south of Mason–Dixon line in 1988 - Reedville Fishermen's Association. He was counsel for "Fight For Justice," a group of dissident Anishinaabe at Keweenaw Bay Indian Community in a struggle to regain voting rights arbitrarily stripped by the Tribal Council. He assisted lawyers in Mexico in representation of a transportation workers union, SUTAUR, which was illegally declared bankrupt and its leaders and lawyers jailed after the union expressed its support for the EZLN uprising in Chiapas.
Academic Work.
In recent years, Clarke has organized two international symposia on the death penalty, bringing together activists like Sister Helen Prejean, author of "Dead Man Walking", with scholars like Robert Johnson, Professor of Justice, Law, and Society at American University, Michael Radelet, Professor of Sociology and Chair, Department of Sociology, University of Colorado, Boulder, Mark Warren, Director of Human Rights Research and Daniel Medwed, Professor of Law at the University of Utah.
One of Alan's lectures on abolishing capital punishment is available in podcast form.

</doc>
<doc id="9877441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877441" title="Exec">
Exec

Exec or EXEC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9877452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877452" title="Mike Williams (footballer born 1986)">
Mike Williams (footballer born 1986)

Michael Paul John "Mike" Williams (born 27 October 1986) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Kidderminster Harriers. He has also played for Wales under-21s.
Club career.
Williams, who is the older brother of Chester striker Marc Williams, began his career as a trainee at Wrexham and signed professional terms in July 2005, when he was described by manager Denis Smith as ""...quick, strong and has a good left foot."" He made his first-team debut as a half-time substitute in a 4–1 defeat by Wycombe Wanderers in September 2005 and became an established player in the Wrexham back four, making 60 league appearances in three seasons and playing in the cup upsets at Sheffield Wednesday in August 2006 and Scunthorpe United in December 2006. In November 2006, Williams agreed a new contract keeping him at Wrexham until 2009. At the end of the 2009–10 season, Williams was released by Wrexham.
Williams is the third post-war player called Mike Williams to play for Wrexham. The first came through the youth system in the 1970s, with the second joining from Chester City in 1984.
In July 2010 he joined fellow Conference National outfit Kidderminster Harriers on trial and was handed a permanent one-year contract with the Aggborough Stadium club on 20 July. On 30 May 2012, he signed a new one-year contract.
International career.
Williams made his debut for Wales U21 against Northern Ireland U21 in February 2006 and scored the winner on his second cap against Cyprus U21 in May 2006. He went on to make 13 appearances for Wales U21 in total, scoring two goals.
On 8 September 2009, he made his debut for the Wales semi-professional side during a 2–1 defeat to Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9877463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877463" title="Austeria">
Austeria

Austeria (aka The Inn) is a Polish feature film directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz, produced by "Zespół Filmowy "Kadr"" and released in 1983.
"Austeria" takes place during the opening days of World War I, in the Austro-Hungarian province of Galicia. Tag, played by Franciszek Pieczka, is a Jewish innkeeper whose inn ("austeria" means inn in the Polish dialect) is located near the border with the Russian Empire. War has broken out and local civilians are fleeing the advancing Russian Army. A number of refugees have taken shelter in Tag's inn for the night. A group of Hassidic Jews from the neighboring village arrive, followed by an Austrian baroness, and a Hungarian hussar, cut off from his army unit.
The film is based on a 1966 novel of the same name by Julian Stryjkowski, who collaborated with Kawalerowicz on the screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="9877485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877485" title="League of Communist Struggle &amp; Propaganda Clubs">
League of Communist Struggle &amp; Propaganda Clubs

The League of Communist Struggle & Propaganda Clubs (, (BKSP)) was a communist organization in the Netherlands. BKSP was formed by people like Henriëtte Roland Holst, Jacq Engels and Jacques de Kadt in May 1924, after a split from the Communist Party of Holland (CPH). The founders of BKSP were dissatisfied with the leadership of David Wijnkoop over CPH, and left it after their proposals had been defeated at the 1924 April congress of the party. De Kadt was the secretary of the organization throughout its existence.
BKSP published "De Kommunist". The first issue appeared on July 4, 1924.
As David Wijnkoop was removed from the CPH leadership in 1925, a large sector of BKSP opted to rejoin CPH. De Kadt opposed this, and continued to run BKSP as a separate organization.
BKSP was dissolved in 1927. The last copy of "De Kommunist" was published on March 26, 1927. After the dissolution of BKSP, de Kadt joined the SDAP.

</doc>
<doc id="9877493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877493" title="Yoshiko Shiotani">
Yoshiko Shiotani

She is a member of the Japan Evangelical Lutheran Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9877496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877496" title="Kristy Curry">
Kristy Curry

Kristy Lynn Curry née Sims (born October 29, 1966) is the head coach of the University of Alabama's women's basketball team, the Crimson Tide. She took the job in 2013.
Coaching career.
Curry graduated from Northeast Louisiana University in 1988. Her career started with coaching jobs at Weston and Mansfield High Schools in her home state of Louisiana. She held several college assistant coaching jobs, including Tulane, Texas A&M, and Louisiana Tech. Immediately prior to taking her position with the Lady Raiders on March 30, 2006, she was the head coach of Purdue's women's basketball team. In addition to two Big Ten championships, she led the Boilermakers to seven consecutive appearances in the NCAA tournament, including four appearances in the Sweet Sixteen, two appearances in the Elite Eight, one appearance in the Final Four, and one appearance in the national championship game (2001). 
As head coach of the Texas Tech Lady Raiders, following the retirement of Hall of Fame coach Marsha Sharp, Curry embarked upon a rebuilding program as her tenure began in 2006, facing the challenges of new-era recruiting and the increased talent prevalent in the Big Twelve Conference, especially Big Twelve South opponents Baylor, Oklahoma, Texas, and Texas A&M, all of whom were frequently ranked in the Top 25 and contending for the national championship. In her first six years at Texas Tech, Curry led the Lady Raiders to three appearances in the Women's National Invitational Tournament.
In January 2011, the Lady Raiders ascended to #26 in the AP national rankings (#25 in the Coaches' Poll), and on February 19, 2011 in the United Spirit Arena, the Lady Raiders upset the #1-ranked Baylor Bears. In the regular-season finale on March 5, 2011 Texas Tech defeated the #18 Oklahoma Sooners for the Lady Raiders' third victory over a ranked opponent in seventeen days. Texas Tech accepted an invitation to the NCAA Tournament.
In March 2011, Curry signed a five-year contract extension with Texas Tech. Under Curry's leadership, the Lady Raiders began the 2011-12 season with 14 straight victories and were ranked #10 in the AP poll in early January 2012.
On January 9, 2013, Curry reached her 300th career victory, with a win over the Kansas State Wildcats with a score of 59-50 on her home court in Lubbock, Texas, with a career record of 300-141 (.680) at the time. Curry guided the Texas Tech Lady Raiders to the 2013 NCAA Tournament, their second appearance in three years in the tournament.
Curry accepted the same position at The University of Alabama on May 11, 2013, and replaced former Crimson Tide basketball star Wendell Hudson as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9877500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877500" title="Maria Ludovika of Austria-Este">
Maria Ludovika of Austria-Este

Maria Ludovika of Austria-Este, also known as Maria Ludovika of Modena, (; 14 December 1787 – 7 April 1816) was the daughter of Archduke Ferdinand of Austria-Este (1754–1806) and his wife, Maria Beatrice Ricciarda d'Este (1750–1829). She was a member of the House of Austria-Este, a branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
Biography.
Maria Ludovika was born in Monza, but her family fled from Italy to Austria when Northern Italy was conquered by Napoleon in 1796. This caused her a hostility for Napoleon. In Austria, the Emperor fell in love with her during his visits to her mother.
On 6 January 1808 she married her first cousin Francis I, Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary and Bohemia. They had no children.
The Ludovica Military Academy in Budapest established in 1808 was named after Maria Ludovika who contributed 50,000 Forint for its upkeep from the funds of the Honours list proclaimed at the Coronation.
She was a great enemy of the French Emperor Napoleon I of France and therefore also in opposition to the Austrian foreign minister Prince Klemens Wenzel von Metternich. The French protested against the marriage because of her political views. Metternich showed her private correspondence with her relatives to her husband, the Emperor Francis I, in the hope that it would miscredit her. She supported the war against Napoleonic France in 1808. From this year, her health deteriorated. She was opposed to the marriage between Napoleon and her step-daughter Marie Louise in 1809. In 1812, she was a reluctant guest to the assembly of German monarchs gathered by Napoleon to celebrate his war against Russia.
She was the hostess of the Vienna congress in 1815. When Napoleon was finally defeated she traveled at the end of the year 1815 to her home country, North Italy, but died of tuberculosis in Verona. She was only 28 years old. She is buried in the Imperial Crypt in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="9877501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877501" title="Back Where You Started">
Back Where You Started

"Back Where You Started" was the second single released by rock/soul singer Tina Turner from her "Break Every Rule" album. The song was written by Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance, and produced by Adams and Bob Clearmountain. It was the second collaboration between Turner and Adams, their first being the 1985 hit "It's Only Love". Although "Back Where You Started" was never released as a single in Europe, and the US and Canadian singles never cracked the Top 40 in their respective countries, it was a hit on the US Rock Chart and it won Turner a Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Female in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9877514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877514" title="Chilorio">
Chilorio

Chilorio is a pork dish from the Mexican state of Sinaloa. Chilorio is generally made from pork fried in chile sauce. 
In making chilorio, pork is slow-simmered for hours until it falls apart. It is then broken into bite size pieces, fried in lard, and cooked in a chile sauce made from re-hydrated dried chiles. The sauce is usually flavored with onions, cumin and garlic.

</doc>
<doc id="9877515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877515" title="Quaker bonnets">
Quaker bonnets

Quaker bonnets may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9877519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877519" title="Cabrich">
Cabrich

Cabrich is a village in Highland, Scotland.
The small rural hamlet is approximately 11 miles north west of the city of Inverness. It is situated on a gently sloping hill. 
Size and Attraction.
The area of Cabrich stretches roughly 1 mile in either direction and is a well known area for cyclists, runners and campers enjoying a relaxing wind-down. 
Wildlife.
Cabrich has a thriving array of wildlife which includes a herd of deer, peacocks, a swallow breeding area, a lively rabbit population and an abundance of pheasants. And of course there is the expected speckling of sheep in the neighbouring fields!
Walks.
Cabrich is also featured in the Aird local walking guide. It describes the area as "a peaceful valley" and rates the walk as excellent with no special footwear needed.

</doc>
<doc id="9877525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877525" title="Lynn Rogoff">
Lynn Rogoff

Lynn Rogoff is an American film and television producer, and stage playwright, theatre director and professor.
Born in New York City, Rogoff is a graduate of New York University Tisch School of the Arts. As a stage director, she has directed "Streetcar Named Desire" by Tennessee Williams, The "Labyrinth" by Fernando Arrabal, "Attempted Rescue" by Megan Terry, the award winning ballet "Journey" and "The in Crowd", a rock opera by J. E. Franklin.
Rogoff was a Writers Guild of America, East Foundation Fellow, dramatizing two early twentieth-century American icons. Rogoff penned the play Love, Ben Love, Emma which is based on correspondence between Emma Goldman and Dr. Ben Reitman. The play was originally produced by Lucille Lortel at the White Barn Theatre in Westport, Connecticut in 1983, starring Kevin O'Connor, Penelope Allen, and Martha Greenhouse. Judd Hirsch and Tovah Feldshuh starred in 1985 at The Actors Studio in New York City. In 1993, "Love, Ben Love, Emma" was staged in Los Angeles at the Tiffany Theatre starring J. T. Walsh and Lisa Richards
Rogoff's film work is as diverse "Sesame Street", "Big Blue Marble", and "Watch Your Mouth" here in the US and "Rechov Sumsum" in Israel (Israeli Sesame Street).
Rogoff's television work, "No Maps on My Taps" has aired in the United States and internationally since 1979. "No Maps on My Taps" was honored with two Emmy Awards and First Prize's at American Film Festival for Best Feature Length Performing Arts Film.
Rogoff won a Writers Guild of America Nomination for Outstanding Writing. "No Maps on My Taps" was produced on grants from the AFI, PBS, the CPB, the Ford Foundation and the NEA. This film was the first to capture the black tap dancer contribution to American history. Rogoff sat as a judge for the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Rogoff founded the AMERIKIDS USA Company. AMERIKIDS dramatizes the true adventures of heroic American teenagers AMERIKIDS was awarded a challenge grant from Oracle Corporation to produce a prototype of the AMERIKIDS interactive, live action CD-ROM game series. The first in this series, "Pony Express Rider" was published and released by McGraw-Hill Home Interactive for Christmas 1996. "Pony Express Rider" was awarded a Crystal Award, a Bessie Award, National Parenting Center Seal of Approval and a Family Channel Seal of Quality. Rogoff's Green Kids is the recipient of the Kauffman Foundation Recognition of Entrepreneurial Achievement.Green Kids won the 2012 [http://www.sunycnse.com/NYSBusinessPlanCompetition/Teamsand2012Winners.aspx] People's Choice Award at the New York State Business Plan Competition
Rogoff serves as professor at New York Institute of Technology where she received the Presidential Excellence Award in New York City.
Rogoff is currently represented by Global Talent Agency

</doc>
<doc id="9877526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877526" title="Sawtooth Range (Idaho)">
Sawtooth Range (Idaho)

The Sawtooth Range is part of the Rocky Mountains, located within a few miles of Stanley, Idaho, in the Western United States. Much of mountain range is within the Sawtooth Wilderness, part of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. It encompass an area of spanning parts of Custer, Boise, Blaine, and Elmore counties, and is bordered to the east by the Sawtooth Valley.
Thompson Peak () and Mount Cramer () are the range's two highest peaks.
Lakes.
The Sawtooth Mountains are home to hundreds of lakes created by vanished alpine glaciers. The largest are Redfish Lake, Alturas Lake, Pettit Lake, Yellow Belly Lake, Stanley Lake, and Sawtooth Lake.
Camping.
Camping is permitted anywhere in the wilderness. Numerous popular campgrounds exist in the peaks and around the Stanley, Idaho area, including at Redfish Lake and Little Redfish Lake, and Iron Creek near the bottom of the range. Restrictions on fires and animals apply in some areas.
Seismic history.
In 2010, scientists from Idaho State University discovered the Sawtooth Fault near the base of the mountains, running for near Stanley and Redfish Lake. The most recent large quakes along it occurred around 4,000 and 7,000 years ago. It is estimated the fault could produce a 7.5 magnitude earthquake on the Richter scale, potentially felt as far as Boise.
Peaks.
There are 57 peaks over 10,000' in the Sawtooth Range, all falling between 10,000' and Thompson Peak, a remarkable evenness of height. Another 77 fall between 9,000' and 10,000', further evidence of the source of the jagged Sawtooth's name.
Climbs range in difficulty between 9,150' Observation Peak, a Class 1 hike, and 8,980' King Spire, a rock route rated Class 5.10 on the Yosemite Decimal System.

</doc>
<doc id="9877537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877537" title="Siribhoovalaya">
Siribhoovalaya

The Siribhoovalaya () is a unique work of multi-lingual literature written by Kumudendu Muni, a Jain monk. The work is unique in that it employs not alphabets, but is composed entirely in Kannada numerals. The "Saangathya" metre of Kannada poetry is employed in the work. It uses numerals 1 through 64 and employs various patterns or "bandhas" in a frame of 729 (27×27) squares to represent alphabets in nearly 18 scripts and over 700 languages. Some of the patterns used include the "Chakrabandha", "Hamsabandha", "Varapadmabandha", "Sagarabandha", "Sarasabandha", "Kruanchabandha", "Mayurabandha", "Ramapadabandha", "Nakhabandha", etc. As each of these patterns are identified and decoded, the contents can be read.
The work is said to have around 600,000 verses, nearly 6 times as big as the ancient Indian epic "Mahabharata". Totally there are 26 chapters constituting it a big volume of which only three have been decoded.The author expounds that many philosophies which existed in the Jain classics are eloquently and skillfully interpreted in the work. It is also claimed to consist of works in several languages including Sanskrit, Marathi, Telugu, Tamil, Prakrit, etc., apart from Kannada. Different languages can be realised by assigning different alphabets to different numbers. All the major works in Sanskrit like the Ramayana, Mahabharata, the Vedas and the Upanishads are said to be present in the text and can be unravelled with further deciphering of the code.
It is also believed to contain valuable information about various sciences including mathematics, chemistry, physics, astronomy, medicine, history, space travel, etc. Karlamangalam Srikantaiah, the editor of the first edition, has claimed that the work contains instructions for travel in water and space travel. It is also said that the work contains information about the production of modern weapons.
Though written in Kannada its numerical enunciation enables the people of other languages to comprehend it in a lucid manner. It is said that all arts, literature are entwined in a total of 718 languages enmeshed in a mathematical and scientific canvas thus regarding the work as highly magnificent and amazing.
Discovery.
Early in the 20th century, Yellappa Shastri, an Ayurvedic pandit, learned of ancient manuscripts in the possession of a certain Jain Vidwan Dharnendra of Yalava, a town situated between Nandidurga and Chikballapura (see Kolar district). Overcome by curiosity, and in a bid to get closer to the manuscripts, Yellappa Shastri married Dharnendra Pandis's niece. Upon the pandit's death, his children put up all his belongings for sale. Yellappa Shastri immediately pawned his wife's bangles and salvaged the manuscripts for himself.
The contents of the manuscript, which ran into over 1200 pages, baffled Yellappa Shastri. However, after 30 long years of arduous research, he succeeded in deciphering it partially and proceeded to publish the first volume of the book in 1953.
Author.
The work is attributed to Jain monk Kumudendu Muni. He claims that he was guru of amoghavarsha of Manyakheta and a disciple of virasena and jinasena of Dhavala. However, not much is known about this monk. Scholars are divided about when he lived. Karlamangalam Srikantaiah, the editor of the first edition, claims that the work may have been composed around 800 AD. Dr Venkatachala Sastry, however, dates him and his work to the 15th century. He also claims that Kumudendu Muni belonged to a village called Yalavalli near Nandidurga in Chikkaballapura Taluk in Kolar district. He further dates the work to around the 1550-1600 period and suggests it might be even more recent.
Publication.
The work was first published in 1953 by the Yugantara press in Bengaluru. It was authored and edited by Yellappa Shastry (an Ayurvedic pandit), Karlamangalam Srikantiah (a freedom fighter) and Anantha Subbarao (who invented the Kannada typewriter). It was released under the aegis of the Kannada Sahitya Parishat, Bengaluru.
The second and most recent edition of the book was released on March 9, 2003, by Pustaka Shakti publications in the presence of the Governor of Karnataka, Mr T N Chaturvedi, and other eminent personalities like Dr S S Marulayya, writer Vyasaraya Ballal and Prof S K Ramachandra Rao. It has been edited by T. V. Venkatachala Sastry and Dharmapal, the son of Yellappa Shastri.
Reactions.
Rajendra Prasad, the first President of India, called it one of the 'wonders of the world'. Giants of Kannada literature like Kuvempu, DVG, Pu Ti Na, Masti Venkatesha Iyengar and Dr S. Srikanta Sastri, among others, evinced keen interest in the book when it was first released. Prof Suniti Kumar Chatterji is said to have exclaimed that the work deserved a doctorate by several universities.
Dr S. Srikanta Sastri, a highly respected name in the study of Indian history and culture, has commented on the work thus, 
There are 16,000 "chakras" in all. Out of which only 1,270 chakras are available. There are 9 kahnda"s in all. The available 1270 chakra"s belong to Prathama khanda (I)called Mangala Prabhruta. (This is only a syllabus of the Siri Bhoovalaya which contains 59 chapters). Remaining 8 Khanda's work not available. The number of letters (in the form numerals) used are 14 lakhs. It has been claimed that it is possible to decipher 6 lakh Shlokas or verses.
Since no contemporary pandit is conversant with the esoteric metres employed in the work, the work of deciphering is being done with the help of computers. The whereabouts of remaining chakra's (16,000 - 1,270) = 14,730 are not known. Yet to be traced.
References.
siribhoovalayasaara.blogspot.com

</doc>
<doc id="9877552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877552" title="Deirdre Cartwright">
Deirdre Cartwright

Deirdre Cartwright (born 26 July 1958) is a British guitarist and composer, and became well known as the guitar presenter of the groundbreaking BBC Television series "Rockschool" (1983). The second series of "Rockschool" attracted audiences of two million viewers every week in the UK and was subsequently shown worldwide.
In 1991 she formed her own band - The Deirdre Cartwright Group.
As a solo artist she has played with the American guitarist Tal Farlow, toured with Jamaican composer Marjorie Whylie, played throughout Europe, has seen the weekly jazz club she co-runs, 'Blow The Fuse', become one of the most popular in London, and has been a regular presenter for BBC Radio 3.
Rockschool.
After finishing the series she contributed several tunes to the Rockschool grade books that are for sale and go from Debut grade to Grade 8. These are split into three levels: level 1 - Grades 1-3; level 2 - Grades 4-5; and level 3 - Grade 6-8. There are two types of exam, performance and normal. The tunes were co-written with Hussein Boon.
Rockschool songs for Guitar.
The following is a complete list of songs from the Rockschool Guitar 2006-2012 syllabus, to which Deirdre Cartwright generally contributed one song per grade.

</doc>
<doc id="9877568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877568" title="Canadian Alpine Journal">
Canadian Alpine Journal

The Canadian Alpine Journal is the yearly magazine of the Alpine Club of Canada. It serves as a worldwide journal of record for achievements in climbing, mountaineering, ski mountaineering, and exploration of mountains.
Each issue contains feature stories about notable climbs, written by the participants, as well as short notes by climbers about new and noteworthy achievements. Some general articles about mountaineering, mountain medicine, the mountain environment, or other topics are also sometimes included. Each issue includes book reviews, memorials of deceased members, and club activities.
History.
The journal was founded in 1907, and during the early decades some volumes covered more than one year. Since 1947 (volume 30), the journal has been published annually.
Similar journals.
Other magazines of record for climbing include the "American Alpine Journal" published by the American Alpine Club, the "Alpine Journal" published by the Alpine Club (of the United Kingdom), the "Himalayan Journal", and "Iwa To Yuki", a Japanese journal. All of these journals are often used by climbers planning expeditions, especially those who wish to verify that a proposed route would be a new one. Entries in these journals (and others) concerning major Himalayan peaks are indexed in the Himalayan Index.

</doc>
<doc id="9877571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877571" title="Quaker lady">
Quaker lady

Quaker lady may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9877578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877578" title="Jorge Holguín">
Jorge Holguín

Jorge Marcelo Holguín Mallarino (30 October 1848 – 2 March 1928) was a Colombian politician and military officer, two time Acting President of Colombia: June–August 1909 as interim president, and from November 1921 to August 1922. He also served a term as Minister of Foreign Affairs in which he signed the Holguín-Avebury treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="9877595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877595" title="Terry of the Times">
Terry of the Times

Terry of the Times is a 1930 Universal film serial. It was the 73rd of the 137 serials released by the studio and the 5th to include sound elements. The serial was the last of Universal's part-sound serials, mostly silent productions with occasional recorded sound sequences. In this case, the serial had pre-recorded music and sound effects but no audible dialogue. The next serial released by the studio, "The Indians are Coming", was an all-sound production. "Terry of the Times" is considered to be a lost film.
Plot.
Terry (Reed Howes) must marry before a certain date in order to inherit the New York Times. Working against him are his uncle Macy (Sheldon Lewis) and mysterious villains "The Mystic Mendicants".
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9877611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877611" title="PROMPT Telescopes">
PROMPT Telescopes

PROMPT, an acronym for Panchromatic Robotic Optical Monitoring and Polarimetry Telescopes, is being built by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill at Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory (CTIO) in Chile. PROMPT's primary objective is rapid and simultaneous multiwavelength observations of gamma-ray burst afterglows, some when they are only tens of seconds old. In addition to measuring redshifts by dropout, and early-time SFDs and extinction curves of sufficiently bright afterglows in unprecedented detail, PROMPT will facilitate quick response observations at larger observatories such as the UNC-led 4.1-m SOAR Telescope. PROMPT will also serve as a platform for undergraduate and high school education throughout the State of North Carolina.
PROMPT consists of six 0.41-m Ritchey-Chrétien telescopes by RC Optical Systems on rapidly slewing (9°/sec) Paramount ME mounts by Software Bisque, each under a clamshell dome by Astro Haven. Five of these telescopes use rapid-readout (<2 sec) Alta U47+ cameras by Apogee, which make use of E2V CCDs. The sixth is being outfitted with an LN2-cooled Micro-Cam by Rockwell Scientific for NIR imaging. Each mirror and camera coating combination has been optimized for a different wavelength range, including a u-band optimized telescope. Although other filters are available, PROMPT automatically observes GRB localizations in ugriz simultaneously. The R-band telescope will additionally measure polarizations. The polarimeter was designed and built at UNC's Goodman Laboratory for Astronomical Instrumentation.
PROMPT is under the control of "Skynet," a prioritized queue scheduling system that is being developed at UNC-Chapel Hill. Skynet is written in LabView and runs on a computer at UNC's Morehead Observatory. Skynet interacts with a MySQL database and commands "Terminator" programs at each telescope. Images are automatically transferred back to a 6.5 terabyte RAID 5 with tape backup at Morehead Observatory. Users can submit jobs and retrieve data from any location via a PHP-enabled web server that interacts with the MySQL database. However, GRBs receive top priority and are automatically added to the queue via a socket connection. 

</doc>
<doc id="9877638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877638" title="No Dominion">
No Dominion

No Dominion is a 2006 pulp-noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston.
This book is the sequel to "Already Dead" and follows the life of the vampire detective, Joe Pitt. The title of the book is an allusion to the Dylan Thomas poem "And Death Shall Have No Dominion," which appears in the book.
Plot summary.
No Dominion Is the second book in the Joe Pitt Casebooks series written by Charlie Huston. Vampyre Joe Pitt is down on his luck, behind on rent and low on blood. With nowhere else to turn he finds himself asking his former boss Terry Bird head of the vampyre clan the Society. Bird tosses Joe a job, tracking down the source of a new drug on the streets, a drug powerful enough to cause those infected with the Vampyre Vyrus to freak out. For this one Joe has to cross Coalition turf and head down to Harlem, home of the vampyre clan known as the Hood.
Characters.
This book introduces several new characters to the series, including Maureen Vandewater, the vampyre in charge of training enforcers for the Coalition, and the Count, a vampyre drug dealer.

</doc>
<doc id="9877647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877647" title="Perimeter surveillance radar">
Perimeter surveillance radar

Perimeter surveillance radar (PSR) is a class of radar sensors that monitor activity surrounding or on critical infrastructure areas such as airports, seaports, military installations, national borders, refineries and other critical industry and the like. Such radars are characterized by their ability to detect movement at ground level of targets such as an individual walking or crawling towards a facility. Such radars typically have ranges of several hundred metres to over 10 kilometres.
Alternate technologies include laser-based systems. These have the potential for very high target position accuracy, however they are less effective in the presence of fog and other obscurants.
Characteristics.
PSR's usually have the following required characteristics:
Characteristics of some perimeter surveillance radar systems:
Challenges to PSR.
Challenges to perimeter surveillance radar include high clutter area operations. In the range of frequencies used almost all objects return some reflection from the radar. So foliage presents both a barrier to the radar energy as well as an area in which it is difficult to detect a moving target due to the high signal return from the foliage. To a degree, Doppler based radars can detect movement in such areas, as long as the component of movement velocity towards or away from the radar is significant enough to generate a signal that overcomes the foliage return signal.
Integration with other systems typically involves security control room plots of target position and control of one or more cameras. In turn, the cameras may be daylight or thermal.
PSR manufacturers.
Perimeter surveillance radar makers include:

</doc>
<doc id="9877651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877651" title="Wife (disambiguation)">
Wife (disambiguation)

A wife is a female participant in a marriage.
Wife or WIFE may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9877675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877675" title="Bill Kollar">
Bill Kollar

William Wallace "Bill" Kollar (born November 27, 1952) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the defensive line coach for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL), a position he has held since 2009. Kollar played as a defensive lineman in the NFL for the Cincinnati Bengals from 1974 to 1976, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1977 to 1981. 
Coaching career.
Kollar has been an NFL assistant coach for 17 years. He has coached the defensive line of the Rams, Falcons and Bills. Currently, he is the Houston Texans defensive line coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9877699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877699" title="CWA World Tag Team Championship">
CWA World Tag Team Championship

The CWA World Tag Team Championship was a major professional wrestling tag team title defended in the Continental Wrestling Association. It lasted from 1980 through 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9877706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877706" title="Emanuel School">
Emanuel School

Emanuel School is a co-educational public school in Battersea, south-west London. The school was founded in 1594 by Anne Sackville, Lady Dacre and Queen Elizabeth I and occupies a 12 acre site near to Clapham Junction railway station.
The school is part of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference and at the start of the 2013-14 academic year had 760 pupils between the ages of ten and eighteen, paying fees of £16,404 per year. It teaches the GCSE and A-Level syllabuses.
History.
Emanuel School is one of five schools administered by the United Westminster Schools’ Foundation. It came into being by the will of Anne Sackville, Lady Dacre, dated 1594. Lady Dacre was daughter of Sir Richard Sackville by his wife Winifred, daughter of Sir John Bruges/Brydges/Brugge, Lord Mayor of London in 1520-1. Her brother was Thomas, 1st Earl of Dorset. She married Gregory Fiennes of Herstmonceaux and Chelsea, 10th Baron Dacre, in November 1558. He died on 25 September 1594 and she followed him, dying on 14 May (buried 15 May) 1595.
Her epitaph states:
Lady Dacre wrote that one of the main aims of the Foundation should be "for the bringing up of children in virtue and good and laudable arts so that they might better live in time to come by their honest labour." With Lady Dacre's benefaction in 1594, Emanuel Hospital (almshouses and school), as it was first called, began. The children wore long brown tunics, rather similar in cut to those still worn by pupils at Christ's Hospital. Thanks to the interest of Queen Elizabeth I, cousin to Lady Dacre, a charter was drawn up, and the school and almshouses were established on a site at Tothill Fields, Westminster. Mention is made of the Hospital and similar foundations in an undated letter written by Daniel Defoe, entitled "A Scheme for a Royal Palace in the Place of White-Hall".
In 1883, the school sought larger, newer buildings for the children; and the boy boarders, as they all then were, moved to the present buildings on the edge of Wandsworth Common.
The school gained national attention in December 1988 after its pupils and teachers were first on the scene of the Clapham Junction rail crash, which occurred just to the west of the main building. Led by Headmaster Peter Thomson, the entire school assisted in the rescue efforts and many of the 130 injured were taken up to the school for treatment. The next day, the Prime Minister praised the pupils as a credit to the nation’s youth at Prime Minister’s Questions in the House of Commons.
In 1994, the school celebrated its 400th anniversary with a visit from Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II which included a special commemorative rugby fixture against Gordonstoun.
In 2008, the school celebrated the 125th Anniversary of its move to its present site on Wandsworth Common with a special commemorative service held in May at Chelsea Old Church, the burial place of Anne Sackville.
Headmasters & Headmistresses.
Like his predecessors, the present Headmaster is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference (HMC). A graduate of the University of Oxford (biological sciences), Mark Hanley-Browne did postgraduate teacher training at the University of Cambridge. Prior to taking up his appointment at Emanuel, he was Deputy Headmaster at Highgate and Head of Careers and Higher Education at Charterhouse.
Chaplains.
Emanuel is an Anglican foundation with the Chapel situated in the main building above the library. Daily Chapel services are led by the Chaplain with regular Holy Communion services and musical concerts. Confirmation is available with the Chaplain who holds regular confirmation classes for pupils, whilst the Chapel is open for the use of pupils, teachers, staff and parents every day. Paintings of Moses and Aaron that formed part of the altarpiece of St. Benet Fink are now held in Chapel.
School song and anthem.
The School Song is "Pour Bien Desirer". Its words were written by Charles Wilfrid Scott-Giles and its music by H. J. Evans in 1916. The School Anthem is Jerusalem by William Blake with music set by C. Hubert H. Parry in 1916.
School Houses.
Emanuel has eight Houses named after notable military and naval figures from British history. Each House is run by a Housemaster or Housemistress who is a member of the teaching staff, with other staff taking an active role in the support and success of their house. Every pupil is a member of a House throughout their education at the school, with elected House Captains responsible for overall control and discipline of the House.
Houses compete annually for the Parents' Shield which is awarded to the winning house at the end of the competition. Events for competition are wide-ranging, including sport, art, drama, music, science, languages, and current affairs. The annual highlights include the House Regatta, House Cross-Country, House Music, House Drama and Inter-House Athletics Championships. The current champions in 2012-2013 are Marlborough/Lyons.
There are four junior and four senior Houses, where the senior house follows on from its junior equivalent.
Academic life.
Emanuel caters for pupils from age 10 to 18, providing education from its mini-prep group, the Hill Form, right through to Sixth Form. Entrance at 10 and 11 comes from a wide range of different schools, and from more than 35 different prep schools as for at 13 via Common Entrance.
The Hill Form was established in 1984 to provide a halfway house between primary and secondary learning. Situated in its own building at the back of the site, Hill caters for up to 20 Year Six pupils who leave primary education a year early to enter the Lower School at Emanuel. Pupils then move up through to Year 7 and the rest of the school as usual. Hill is highly regarded for providing a bridge integrating pupils into the heart of the school, engaging in all aspects available to other Lower School pupils including sports, House events, study and co-curricular activities.
The Sixth Form caters for around 180 pupils across both the Lower and Upper Sixth, who work together as a year group. Entry to the Sixth Form is dependent on gaining good grades at GCSE (though external entry is based on performance in entrance exams at 11+, 13+ and 16+) and entry to the Upper Sixth is conditional on good AS grades.
The school teaches Monday to Friday, the school day beginning at 08.30 and ending at 15.45 with eight thirty-five minute periods (timetabled as single or double blocks). Prep is given to all pupils daily across most subjects. Pupils are required to be free on Saturdays also, as these are also utilised for sporting fixtures, events and detentions, with Wednesday afternoons reserved for senior sports fixtures. There are daily assemblies, including a weekly Chapel service and a House meeting. Termly Headmaster's Addresses are given at the beginning and end of each of three terms.
Uniform is worn from Hill (Year 6) to Year Eleven, with the Sixth Form having its own formal dress code, requiring students to wear a grey, blue or black conventional, two or three-piece business suit, shirt and tie, or female equivalent.
Pupils continue onto leading UK and US universities, drama, music or art colleges upon departing the school.
The school is split into academic faculties as follows:
English
Mathematics
Sport and Physical Education
Creative Arts
Humanities
Modern Languages
Science
Sporting life.
Emanuel has a strong history of sporting success amongst the country's leading public schools which continues to this day.
Set in 12 acres (49,000 m2) of grounds, the school is fortunate to have large on-site playing fields and direct private access to Wandsworth Common beyond. Other facilities include a sports centre (opened in 2003 by Will Greenwood) which features an indoor sports hall, multi-tiered climbing wall, indoor cricket nets, fitness suite and weights studio as well as a specialist teaching classroom. There are also three indoor Eton fives courts, three tennis courts, a netball court and a 25m indoor heated swimming pool. Emanuel School Boat Club is based at Wates boathouse (named after OEs and benefactors Ronald, Norman and Allan Wates) situated on the Tideway (River Thames) at Barnes Bridge and there are further extensive playing fields at Blagdon's on the A3 near New Malden, Surrey.
The main competitive sports are rowing, rugby, cricket, netball, hockey, athletics, tennis, swimming and Eton fives. Other sports played on an informal or inter-House basis include basketball, squash, water polo, fencing, golf, table tennis, badminton, orienteering, volleyball and climbing. Following the historic switch away from football to rugby in 1906, football is now only played on an inter-House basis.
The school has many annual inter-house events, the cross-country, House Regatta and inter-House athletics championships being the most prevalent. The cross-country is held each November around Wandsworth Common with the whole school expected to participate, with the inter-house athletics taking place at either Crystal Palace National Sports Centre or Battersea Park. All pupils are expected to make a contribution to sport with compulsory physical education lessons up to GCSE and an additional games afternoon each week which continues through the Sixth Form.
A historic fixture list against other local and national public schools plays out annually in all major sports, whilst the annual Sports Dinner celebrates the achievements of both teams and individuals each year. Opponents include Dulwich College, Latymer Upper, Eton College, Westminster, St Paul's, and City of London.
Historic successes include in tennis, winning the public schools Youll Cup in 1965 and again in 1966 and in fencing, when Paul Walsh won the Boys Junior Foil, Boys Junior Épée, and Boys Junior Sabre events at the Public Schools Fencing Championships in 1992, before winning the same three competitions again as a Senior in 1993.
Annual sports tours have led to exchange programmes between other international HMC schools in Australia and other parts of the world. Tours abroad have included Barbados, Argentina, Chile, Australia, South Africa, Canada, Malta, Seville and New Zealand.
Emanuel School Boat Club (ESBC).
Emanuel School Boat Club (ESBC) was formally established in 1914 and has won the Schools' Head of the River Race a record eleven times. In 1966, the Emanuel crew won the Princess Elizabeth Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta where it still competes to this day. In 1976 and 1981 Emanuel finished as runners up behind Holy Spirit High School, USA.
The club has produced five Olympic oarsmen, several World Championship medallists, and over fifty international 'vests'. In 2007, the Club was honoured when OE Nick Marriott was selected to row for the Oxford University 'Isis' boat in the University Boat Race. In 2013 Chetan Chauhan Sims was the latest student to win his international 'vest' rowing in the Coupe de la Jeunesse.
A history of the Club, "Biblicarta: The History of Emanuel School Boat Club" was published in 2009 and it will celebrate its centenary in 2014.
Emanuel School Rugby Football Club (ESRFC).
Emanuel School Rugby Football Club (ESRFC) was founded in 1910 and is affiliated to the Rugby Football Union. The Club recently reached the semi-finals of the Daily Mail Vase in 2013 and train alongside Harlequins RFC at the School's playing fields at Blagdon's. Regular training camps depart to Wales, as well as touring around the world to New Zealand, South Africa, Argentina, Canada and Chile.
Emanuel School Cricket Club (ESCC).
Emanuel School Cricket Club (ESCC) was founded in 1926 and plays an annual cricket fixture against the MCC dating back to at least the 1920s. Emanuel has a strong cricket pedigree which has nurtured many county cricketers including Stuart Surridge.
Eton Fives.
Emanuel celebrates 100 years of playing Eton Fives in summer 2014 and is a member of the Eton Fives Association (EFA). The School refurbished the three indoor Titley Fives Courts in the Summer of 2007. The courts are named after OE A.E. Titley MC, TD, MA Cantab an all-round sportsman and accomplished Fives player at school and at Cambridge. In 2007 Emanuel won the EFA Division III title.
Creative life.
Emanuel prides itself on its rounded approach to education, with a strong history of success in art, music and drama. Its Music Department centres around the Concert Hall which contains seven soundproof practice rooms, full rigs and staging and an organ. A number of ensembles, orchestras and choirs regularly perform nationally and internationally, with annual concerts at Westminster Abbey, St Paul's Cathedral and in services in Malta, Japan, Italy, Spain, Finland, the United States and Slovenia, including being televised and on national radio in the latter. Music tuition is available in all major instruments.
The Drama Department spans across a mix of traditional and contemporary theatre forms and organises a termly school play and an annual school musical, which has ranged from "Sweeney Todd" to "Les Misérables" performed either in either the Fiennes Theatre, Studio Theatre or Hampden Hall.
The school's Art Department, accommodated in four studios is active in holding a number of public exhibitions throughout the year including at the SW1 Gallery in Victoria. Sixth Form students take part in a bi-annual residential trip to St Ives, Cornwall.
The Sixth Form.
Emanuel's Sixth Form consists of around 180 students across both the Lower Sixth (Year 12) and Upper Sixth (Year 13). A purpose-built Sixth Form Centre provides the base for the group, with its own Common Room overlooking the school playing fields, a cafeteria, lecture room, games room, computer suite, changing rooms and study areas.
Lower Sixth.
In the Lower Sixth, students prepare to bridge the gap between GCSEs and A-Level. All are expected to take four AS Level subjects as well as take part in the wider school community through mentoring junior pupils, participation in the Sixth Form Revue, Charity Week and in activities such as Young Enterprise. The culmination of the year brings specialist talks on further education and careers options and Work Experience at companies of their own choice. Placements in recent years have included City insurance firms, investment banks, hospitals, television and theatrical production, schools and prestigious law firms.
Upper Sixth.
In the Upper Sixth, students prepare for their final A-Level examinations in three or four subjects. In addition, it is the year where students are able to embark on their choices for university through UCAS and take up senior positions within the school, including Senior Prefects, Captains of Sport and leading roles in dramatic and musical productions.
Senior Prefects and the Heads of School are elected each academic year from the Upper Sixth and help the teachers in disciplinary, pastoral, social and cultural organisation of the school, often mentoring junior pupils, running clubs and teams. They are conspicuous by their distinctive gowns, worn on special occasions in either gold (Heads of school) or blue (senior prefects).
Students are expected to make contributions to the school community through mentoring junior forms, participating on Duke of Edinburgh expeditions and competing in national competitions such as the Bank of England's Target 2.0. The highlight of the Upper Sixth is the end-of-year Leavers' Ball - the social highlight of the school calendar.
Activities, Associations and Societies.
Emanuel has a strong co-curricular base. The school's Debating Society regularly enters major competitions against other schools and it regularly competes against other schools in the Model United Nations (MUN). In Young Enterprise, a strong record of success has ensured the school has reached the Central London finals for the past four years, whilst it also competes in the Bank of England's Target 2.0, Hans Wodya Mathematics and National Maths Challenge competitions.
The large cohort of Duke of Edinburgh members, approximately 120 pupils, ensures many expeditions and training exercises around the country. There is also a strong stage department who work on bringing numerous theatrical and musical productions to life each year.
Redevelopment.
A programme of redevelopment and expansion has seen strong investment in the School's facilities and resources over the past few years.
In April 2007, Emanuel opened a new £2 million library in the heart of the School, sitting below the Chapel. The facility includes the main Peter Goddard Room housing approximately 35,000 books and 25 networked computers alongside the Marquand Room in the north courtyard, a Language Library, DVD Library, Periodicals Room and new Careers Centre. A mezzanine floor above the central Peter Goddard Room houses the school archives, silverware and memorabilia as well as the original wooden entrance plaque from Emanuel Hospital.
Stage two of the central redevelopment project, the opening of Queen's Courtyard (South Courtyard), was completed in February 2008, improving access to the English and Chemistry Departments. New cloisters, fountains and pathways have opened the space surrounding the trees planted by HM The Queen and The Queen Mother on their visits, alongside new glass and steel corridors overlooking the new library.
Between 2009 and 2011 the School made a number of improvements to the site including the enclosure of the three Eton fives courts, the redevelopment of the Sixth Form Centre to include new study spaces, common rooms and the Sackville Cafe, an extension to the Refectory overlooking the playing fields and in 2012 it opened the Sir Tim Burners-Lee Suites, new accommodation for the IT Department and named after the inventor of the world wide web, a distinguished OE.
The new Fiennes Theatre (named after Gregory Fiennes, Lord Dacre) was opened in October 2013 by Ralph Fiennes and Mike Leigh featuring new seating and state-of-the-art lighting and sound systems. The School's chemistry laboratories, previously furnished in 1998 were also completely redeveloped in the summer of 2014 providing new facilities for the Faculty of Science.
In May 2014, Emanuel commenced groundwork on a new entrance bridge (the Clapham Memorial Bridge, after the train disaster) across Spencer Park, which will open in February 2015 providing a new entry for both vehicle and foot traffic. The current Dacre Block will also be demolished in spring 2015 to make way for a new three-storey building to house much of the Faculty of Humanities alongside new accommodation for the Department of Art.
Local and international partnerships.
Emanuel is part of the United Westminster Schools Foundation, and has been since 1873, alongside Westminster City, Sutton Valence, Grey Coat Hospital and Queen Anne's School Reading.
It has recently developed new partnerships with maintained and private schools locally and abroad. These include a covenant with the local Christ Church Primary School in Battersea, which involves a number of enrichment days and cultural activities and with the Sri Jayendra School in Sankarnagar, Tamil Nadu in India which has been running since 2011. Pupils spend three weeks each summer teaching English and participating in sporting and cultural activities, which have also included a special relationship with the Gita-Krishnamurthy Vidalya Free Primary School which is very closely linked to Sri Jayendra.
In 2014, Emanuel established two partnerships with schools in the United States - The Lawrenceville School in New Jersey and Ravenscroft School in Raleigh, North Carolina whereby pupils benefit from mutual sporting and musical, as well as academic exchanges.
It also has a long association with a the Luisengymnasium Bergedorf School in Hamburg, Germany with regular exchanges of pupils for the past 22 years.
Publications.
The Portcullis (now at edition 299) is published each June, containing a summary of the events and activities of each academic year, along with House Notes, Sporting Notes, Faculty Notes and Staff Notes. Previous copies of The Portcullis are on show in the School Archives above the Peter Goddard Room, while more recent copies can be viewed on the school website.
The Emanuel School Newsletter is published every Friday during term, providing notifications from the Headmaster and staff detailing events, results, lectures, sports reports, trips and providing a weekly communication to the school, students, parents, OEs and the outside world of what's going on. A previous popular termly publication The Wedge provided students' with a voice, publishing their academic work, art work and thoughts, as well as reviews on events and shows, advice and other details. A Leavers Book is published annually to celebrate the end of the Upper Sixth's time at Emanuel.
There have been several histories of the school published over the years, the most recent being a new publication entitled, An Illustrated History of Emanuel School, published in Easter 2008 to celebrate the school's 125th anniversary of moving to Wandsworth and the many changes from 1594 to 2008.
Emanuel as a filming location.
Emanuel has been used as a filming location for both film and television. The school featured in the BBC TV series The Buddha of Suburbia, which starred Old Emanuel Naveen Andrews and was also used as a location for the film Slipstream, the BBC Screen One film Blore MP, starring Timothy West, the 1995 comedy Game On and in two episodes of the Granada series Jeeves and Wooster, starring Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie amongst others.
Terminology.
Boat Club Square.
Boat Club Square is an internal quad within the main building, providing the main entrance to the School Library, and is also home to the school noticeboards. There are boards for Rowing, Music, Sport and Notices, as well as the House Noticeboards with details of upcoming events and results.
Blagdons.
The Foundation's additional off-site playing fields and clubhouse in New Malden, on the A3. Blagdons is also the home of ESRFC and the Old Emanuel Association.
Colours.
Junior, Half and Full Colours are the various school and House ties awarded for sporting and academic success.
Conduct Card.
Every pupil from Hill to Year 11 is issued with a personal Conduct Card which must be carried at all times whilst on site except whilst participating in sport. It contains details of a pupil's timetable, house, form and space for commendation and 'signatures' for misbehaviour or disorganisation amongst others. Conduct Cards of a different colour are issued each term and must be handed in for inspection when requested either by a member of staff or a Senior Prefect.
Exeat.
An exeat is the required note to take absence from school either for entire days, or parts of a day for appointments, interviews, open days and other fixtures. A note from parents must be sent to a pupil's Form Tutor who will then provide a written Exeat, which then has to be countersigned by their Head of Year and in the School Office when leaving and entering the premises.
Founder's Day.
Founder's Day is officially on 6 June and is a celebration of the founding of the school in 1594 by Lady Anne Dacre, under guidance from Elizabeth I. In recent years however the celebrations have moved to the Saturday before the last week of term, called Dacre Day.
Hampden Hall.
The main assembly hall, situated between the main quadrangle and the playing fields. The Hampden Hall is fitted with a complete lighting and sound system. The theatre department owns over 100 lights which are used in all productions from the annual Sixth Form revue to the school musical.
Headmaster's Address.
A termly or, on occasion, half-termly address from the Headmaster to the school, usually featuring prize giving ceremonies and details of successes and upcoming events and changes to the school community.
Imposition.
A short piece of written work issued as a disciplinary measure, that is typically discarded as soon as it is completed.
Lower School.
The Lower School consists of the Hill Form (Year 6) First Form (Year 7) and Second Form (Year 8).
OE (Old Emanuel).
OEs are former pupils of the school.
Out of Bounds.
Locations defined as being off limits to pupils.
Prefect's Duties.
Prefect's Duties can be assigned as a disciplinary measure for various minor misdemeanors.
Second Master.
The Second Master is the title given to the Deputy Headmaster.
Signature.
A written disciplinary measure on a pupil's Conduct Card, given either by a teacher or a Senior Prefect. Signatures have distinct punishments depending on how many a specific pupil has warranted over the course of a term. Persistent offenders may be sent to see their Head of Year or Section. Signatures may be given for incorrect equipment, uniform or books or for minor incidents of disobedience. Consequences may include further detention.
Upper School.
The Upper School comprises the Third Form (Year 9), Fourth Form (Year 10) and Fifth Form (Year 11).
Validictory.
This is the final Chapel service for Upper Sixth leavers, held each May. In this service students will sing the anthem, Jerusalem. The Chaplain blesses all those leaving the school and hopes for prosperity for the future.
Old Emanuel Association.
The Old Emanuel Association (OEA) was established in 1893, though other school societies had existed informally prior to its establishment. The rules of 1930, refer to it as being an association of ex-pupils and past and present members of staff and governors, "for the furtherance of personal friendship and for the maintenance of the spirit of loyalty to the School". The OEA has branches in North America and Australasia. Many OEs are also members of the East India Club alongside alumni of other public schools.
The Old Emanuel Rugby Football Club (OERFC) was founded in 1910 and is affiliated to the RFU. There has not been an OE Association Football Club, since the founding of the OERFC in 1910, following the historic switch from football to rugby in 1906. In February 2010, the OERFC was presented with a plaque at Twickenham stadium, before England's RBS 6 Nations match against Wales to commemorate the centenary of the club.
The Old Emanuel Cricket Club (OECC) was founded in 1926 and today is formed of OEs and external club members. Old Emanuel play in the Surrey Championship on Saturdays and the Fullers League on Sundays.
The OEA also maintains Emanuel's tradition as a shooting school, usually fielding a team at the Public Schools Veteran's event at Bisley each year.
Besides sports teams, the OEA has a number of societies, including the Luncheon Club and OE Lodge (No.5399) which meets at the City University Club. There is also the Curzon Club for members of Howe House, founded in 1918, and the only such House society not to have lapsed into history.
The two main gatherings of the Association are at the Annual Dinner, which is held in early Autumn, usually in St. James's or Mayfair and the other being Dacre Day, the ‘new’ name for Flannels Day or, more recently, Fete and Flannels Day.
Dacre Day.
Dacre Day, formerly known as Fete and Flannels Day, is the annual end of year celebration held each first weekend in July to commemorate the history of the school, as well as gather OEs, teachers, current students, parents and future parents together as a community. The day is also that of Speech Day and Prize Giving which takes place in the morning in a special marquee erected opposite the entrance of the main building. In the afternoon, the community comes together to celebrate the end of year with events, art exhibitions, live music, BBQs and sports matches. The event, held at the end of the Summer Term attracts over one thousand visitors annually.

</doc>
<doc id="9877710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877710" title="Gerald Isaacs, 2nd Marquess of Reading">
Gerald Isaacs, 2nd Marquess of Reading

Gerald Rufus Isaacs, 2nd Marquess of Reading GCMG, CBE, MC, TD, PC, QC (10 December 1889 – 19 September 1960), styled Viscount Erleigh from 1917 to 1935, was a British barrister and Conservative politician.
Background and education.
Reading was the son of Rufus Isaacs, 1st Marquess of Reading, and Alice Edith Cohen. He was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford. He served in the First World War, winning the MC and reaching the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. His book "The South Sea Bubble" describing the famous speculative boom and crash of shares in 18th century England was published in 1933.
Political career.
Reading succeeded his father as second Marquess of Reading in 1935. When the Conservatives came to power in 1951 under Winston Churchill, he was appointed Joint Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a post he held until 1953, when he was promoted to Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and admitted to the Privy Council. He retained this position also when Sir Anthony Eden became Prime Minister in 1955. However, Reading was not included in the administration formed by Harold Macmillan in January 1957 and never returned to ministerial office. Apart from his political career he was also a Bencher and Treasurer of the Middle Temple and an Honorary Colonel in the Inns of Court Regiment from 1947 to 1959.
Family.
Lord Reading married the Hon. Eva Violet Mond, daughter of Alfred Moritz Mond, 1st Baron Melchett, in 1914. He died in September 1960, aged 70, and was buried in Golders Green Jewish Cemetery.
He was succeeded in his titles by his son Michael. The Marchioness of Reading died in 1973.
In 1939, Lord Reading's daughter Lady Joan Rufus Isaacs married the scientist Solly Zuckerman, Baron Zuckerman, OM, KCB, FRS (1904–1993). She died in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9877739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877739" title="Makarios I">
Makarios I

Makarios I, was Archbishop of Cyprus from 1854 until 1865. He was born in the village of Prodromos and his original surname was Christodoulides. He started his religious studies at Trooditissa Monastery and was later transferred to Kykkos Monastery. He was ordained Archbishop on August 26, 1854 succeeding Kyrillos I who had died a month earlier.
Makarios was instrumental in the establishment of many schools throughout rural Cyprus to combat illiteracy. In 1857 he founded the Faneromeni School, the first school for girls on the island. He also sought to have the tax burden eased by written requests to Kâmil Pasha the Grand Vizier in Constantinople who was himself a Cypriot.
Makarios died in Nicosia on August 4, 1865 from cholera, after refusing to leave the city when an epidemic broke out.

</doc>
<doc id="9877745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877745" title="Maogamalcha">
Maogamalcha

Maogamalcha was a place in Mesopotamia, attacked and taken by the Roman Emperor Julian (Ammianus Marcellinus xxiv. 4.). It appears to have been strongly fortified and well defended. Zosimus evidently alludes to the same place, though he does not mention it by name, and states it was about 90 stadia from Ctesiphon (Zosimus iii.21).

</doc>
<doc id="9877752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877752" title="Sheikh Fazlul Haque Mani">
Sheikh Fazlul Haque Mani

Sheikh Fazlul Haque Mani (December 4, 1939 - August 15, 1975) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the nephew of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, and the founder of Mujib Bahini one of the major guerilla forces of the Bangladesh Liberation War.
Early life.
Sheikh Fazlul Haque Mani was born in dukdukgram village, Gopalganj District. He studied in Nabakumar Institution in Dhaka. Later, he studied at Jagannath College (HSC, 1958) and BM College (BA, 1960).
Political career.
The founding chairman of gum League Shaheed Sheikh Fazlul Haque Moni was born on December 4, 1939 and later he served as general secretary of the then East Pakistan Chhatra League. His contribution to spearhead the historic student movement against autocratic ruler Aiub Khan’s military regime produced an immense effect. He played a pivotal role during the six-point movement in 1966 and took part in the war of liberation in 1971 as the commander of Bangladesh Liberation Front.
Sheikh Moni was the author of several novels, one of which was later made into a film “Obanchita”. He will be ever remembered in the political history of Bangladesh.
This bright political leader embraced martyrdom by the cruel bullet of killers on August 15, 1975.
Journalism.
Mani was the founder of the daily news paper "Dainik Banglar Bani".
Death.
Sheikh Fazlul Haque Mani, along with his wife, was assassinated during the a military coup on August 15, 1975. His son, Barrister Sheikh Fazle Nur Taposh, who was four at that time survived with injuries. He was elected to the Jatiyo Sangsad in Bangladesh General Election, 2008 from the Dhaka-12 constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="9877773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877773" title="Dave Reavis">
Dave Reavis

David Craig Reavis (born June 19, 1950 in Nashville, Tennessee) was a National Football League offensive lineman from 1974 through 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9877795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877795" title="Velociraptorinae">
Velociraptorinae

Velociraptorinae is a controversial subfamily of the theropod group Dromaeosauridae. The earliest velociraptorines are probably "Nuthetes" from the United Kingdom, and possibly "Deinonychus" from North America. However, several indeterminate velociraptorines have also been discovered, dating to the Kimmeridgian stage, in the Late Jurassic Period. These fossils were discovered in the Langenberg quarry, Oker near Goslar, Germany.
In 2007 paleontologists studied front limb bones of "Velociraptor" and discovered small bumps on the surface, known as quill knobs. The same feature is present in some bird bones, and represents the attachment point for strong secondary wing feathers. This finding provided the first direct evidence that velociraptorines, like all other maniraptorans, had feathers.
While most velociraptorines were generally small animals, at least one species may have achieved gigantic sizes comparable to those found among the dromaeosaurines. So far, this unnamed giant velociraptorine is known only from isolated teeth found on the Isle of Wight, England. The teeth belong to an animal the size of dromaeosaurines of the genus "Utahraptor", but they appear to belong to a velociraptorine, judging by the shape of the teeth and the anatomy of their serrations.
Classification.
When erected by Barsbold in 1983, Velociraptorinae was conceived as a group containing "Velociraptor" and supposed closely related species. It was not until 1998 that this group was defined as a clade by Paul Sereno. Sereno defined the group as all dromaeosaurids more closely related to "Dromaeosaurus" than to "Velociraptor". While several studies have since recovered a group of dromaeosaurids closely related to "Velociraptor", they vary widely regarding which species are actually velociraptorines and which are either more basal or closer to "Dromaeosaurus". 
Novas and Pol (2005) found a distinct velociraptorine clade close to the traditional view, which included "Velociraptor", "Deinonychus", and material that was later named "Tsaagan". A cladistic analysis conducted by Turner et al. (2012) also supported a traditional, monophyletic of Velociraptorinae. However, some studies found a very different group of dromaeosaurids in velociraptorinae, such as Longrich and Currie (2009), which found "Deinonychus" to be a non-velociraptorine, non-dromaeosaurine eudromaeosaur, and "Saurornitholestes" to be a member of a more basal group they named Saurornitholestinae. A larger analysis in 2013 found some traditional velociraptorines, such as "Tsaagan", to be more basal than "Velociraptor", while others to be more closely related to "Dromaeosaurus", making them dromaeosaurines. This study found "Balaur", previously found to be a velociraptorine by most analyses, to be an avialan instead.
The cladogram below follows a 2009 analysis by paleontologists Nicholas Longrich and Philip J. Currie, using a dataset of 114 characters scored for 23 taxa.
The cladogram below follows a 2012 analysis by Turner, Makovicky and Norell, using a dataset of 474 characters scored for 111 taxa.
The cladogram below follows a 2013 analysis by Godefroit et al., using a dataset of 1,500 characters scored for 358 taxa.
Distinguishing anatomical features.
A diagnosis is a statement of the anatomical features of an organism (or group) that collectively distinguish it from all other organisms. The diagnosis of a taxonomic group of organisms includes the traits, known as synapomorphies, that are shared by two or more organisms in the group and are believed to have been present in their most recent common ancestor. 
According to Currie (1995), "Velociraptorinae" can be distinguished based on the following characteristics:
According to Turner et al. (2012), "Velociraptorinae" can be distinguished based on the following unambiguous characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="9877812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877812" title="Ota (wife of Arnulf of Carinthia)">
Ota (wife of Arnulf of Carinthia)

Ota, also called Oda, "Uota", or Uta (c. 874 – between 899 and 903) was the wife of Arnulf of Carinthia and thus Queen of the East Franks. She was the mother of Louis the Child. By birth she was probably a member of the Conradine Dynasty.
Life.
Possible Conradine ancestry.
Very little is known of Ota. She was probably born in Velden in 873/4. She is often thought to have been the daughter of Berengar, Count of Hesse and thus a member of the Conradine Dynasty. This view has been questioned by Donald Jackman, who has found no evidence that Ota was a member of the Conradines.
Marriage to Arnulf of Carinthia.
In 888, aged about sixteen, Ota married Arnulf of Carinthia, who was king of East Francia. There is no evidence that Ota was crowned. If Ota was a Conradine, then the marriage was intended to win Arnulf support in Bavaria and Lorraine. 
For the first few years of their marriage, the couple had no children together. Arnulf thus asked at an imperial assembly held at Forcheim that his two illegitimate sons, Zwentibold and Ratold, born to different mothers, should be recognised as his heirs. Yet in 893 Ota gave birth to Arnulf's legitimate heir, Louis the Child. She was not, as is sometimes conjectured, the mother of Glismut, the wife of Conrad the Elder: Glismut was the mother of Conrad I of Germany, who was born c. 890.
Ota's name features in her husband's documents at the beginning and towards the end of his reign, when she intervened in privileges for the abbey of Kremsmünster and the monastery of Altötting, and for the Bishopric of Worms and the Bishopric of Freising. 
Accusation of adultery.
The most notable incident involving Ota occurred in June 899. According to the Annals of Fulda, she was accused of adultery: "Then a scandal, and worse, a crime, unheard of for man years, was published about Queen Ota; that she had yielded her body to a lustful and wicked union". Ota was called defend herself at an assembly in Regensburg. The accusation of adultery against a queen was not as "unheard of" as the Annals of Fulda suggest however: Richardis, wife of Charles the Fat, was accused of adultery just twelve years earlier. Ota (like Richardis before her) protested her innocence, and "cleared herself of the accusation [...] with the help of seventy-two oath-helpers before the judgement of the leading men who were present". Arnulf was already ill when this accusation was made. In fact, it may be that the accusation of adultery was made "because" Arnulf was ill. 
Decline and death.
Arnulf died in late 899. Ota's son, Louis (aged six), became king after his father's death, but Ota was not involved in his regency. Louis was placed in the guardianship of Hatto I, Archbishop of Mainz, Bishop Adalbero of Augsburg, and several major nobles. Ota disappears from history; she is spoken of as dead by 903, and is believed to have withdrawn to the lands of her family. She bequeathed her property to the church.
Ota was buried in St. Emmeram's Abbey in Regensburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="9877815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877815" title="Ed Brookes">
Ed Brookes

Edward A. Brooks (born Dublin, Ireland), also known as Ed Brooks or Ned Brooks, was an Irish footballer who played as centre-forward or inside-left for, among others, Shelbourne, Bohemians, Stockport County and Athlone Town. Brookes was a dual internationalist and played for both Ireland teams – the IFA XI and the FAI XI.
Club career.
Shelbourne.
Brooks played at Shelbourne during the 1919–20 season alongside Val Harris and Bob Fullam and finished as the club's top goalscorer. He also helped Shelbourne win the Irish Cup. Shelbourne were awarded the cup after both Belfast Celtic and Glentoran were expelled from the competition. While playing for Shelbourne, Brooks also represented the Irish League XI against a Scottish League XI in a 2–0 defeat at Windsor Park in 1919.
Irish international.
When Brooks began his international career in 1920, Ireland was represented by a single team, selected by the Belfast-based Irish Football Association. However during the 1920s, Ireland was partitioned into Northern Ireland and the Irish Free State. Amid these political upheavals, a rival association, the Football Association of Ireland, emerged in Dublin and from 1924 organised their own national team. As a result several notable Irish players from this era, including Brookes played for both teams – the IFA XI and the FAI XI.
IFA XI.
Brooks made his one and only appearance for the IFA XI while playing for Shelbourne.
On 3 March 1920, in a team that also included Elisha Scott, Bert Manderson, Bill Lacey and Billy Gillespie, he played for the IFA XI against Scotland in a 3–0 defeat at Celtic Park.
FAI XI.
On 14 June 1924, while playing for Bohemians, Brooks also played for the FAI XI, scoring a hat-trick against the United States in 3–1 win at Dalymount Park. His team mates that day included, among others, Frank Collins, Paddy Duncan, Tommy Muldoon, Charlie Dowdall and Johnny Murray.
In March 1926 while playing for Athlone Town, Brooks was also called up for the FAI XI to play in an away game against Italy. However a personal tragedy meant he was unable to travel and win another cap. A week before the team was due to leave for Italy, his seven-year old son, Harold, was knocked down by a car and died in hospital.
Family.
He was married to Elizabeth Brooks (née Smyth) and had another child named Pauline who died during infancy. He also had two sons named Cecil and Stanley (stan) and a daughter Phyllis. Brooks died on 8 March 1958 and was buried in Deansgrange Cemetery with his wife Elizabeth and son Stan.
Honours.
Shelbourne

</doc>
<doc id="9877825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877825" title="Leonard Ornstein">
Leonard Ornstein

Leonard Salomon Ornstein (November 12, 1880, Nijmegen, the Netherlands — May 20, 1941, Utrecht, the Netherlands) was a Dutch physicist.
Biography.
He studied theoretical physics with Hendrik Antoon Lorentz at University of Leiden. He subsequently carried out Ph.D. research under the supervision of Lorentz, concerning an application of the statistical mechanics of Gibbs to molecular problems.
In 1914 he was appointed professor of physics, as successor of Peter Debye, at University of Utrecht. Among his doctoral students was Jan Frederik Schouten. In 1922 he became director of Physical Laboratory ("Fysisch Laboratorium") and extended his research interests to experimental subjects. His measurements concerning intensities of spectral lines brought Physical Laboratory in the international limelight.
He is also remembered for the Ornstein-Zernike theory (named after Ornstein and Frederik Zernike) concerning correlation functions
and the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process a stochastic process.
Together with Gilles Holst, director of Philips Research Laboratories ("Philips Natuurkundig Laboratorium"), he was the driving force behind establishing the Dutch Physical Society ("Nederlands Natuurkundig Vereniging", NNV) in 1921. From 1939 until November 1940 he was Chairman of this Society. From 1918 until 1922 Ornstein was Chairman of the Dutch Zionist Society ("Nederlandse Zionistische Vereniging").
Immediately after the involvement of the Netherlands in the World War II (see Battle of the Netherlands), a friend from the United States of America, the astronomer Peter van de Kamp, offered to bring Ornstein and his family to America. However, Ornstein did not accept this offer, since, as he put it, he would not leave his laboratory in Utrecht. Owing to his Jewish heritage, Ornstein was summarily dismissed from University in September 1940; he was even barred from entering his own laboratory. In November 1940, he was officially dismissed from University. On his own initiative, on November 29, 1940, Ornstein withdrew his membership of the Dutch Physical Society. During this period he increasingly distanced himself from public life, to the degree that he no longer wished to receive guests at home. Ornstein died on May 20, 1941, six months after being barred from University.
One of the five buildings of Department of Physics of University of Utrecht, the Ornstein Laboratorium, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9877829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877829" title="Baltic League">
Baltic League

The Baltic League (officially known as the Triobet Baltic League) was a Baltic football club tournament held four times between the top club sides from Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Launched in 2007 inspired by the now defunct Scandinavian tournament Royal League and by the Baltic Basketball League. 
The first two tournaments were held between top four club sides from each country. 2009–10 the competition was expanded to 16 teams, with five sides from every Baltic state taking part. One additional slot was allocated to the sixth best team from the country of the previous winner.
A similar competition was the Baltic Champions Cup which features the league champions of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Format.
The inaugural tournament in 2007 finished as a two legged final. This format was abandoned for the second tournament and since then all finals have been played as a single match at the home of one of the finalists. Since this format was introduced, the team hosting the match has yet to win despite the added home advantage.
The first two tournaments were played from Spring to Summer with 12 entrants but this has now changed to a longer Winter to Summer tournament with four more clubs taking part.
Performances.
All-time top goalscorers.
"As of May 12, 2010."

</doc>
<doc id="9877839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877839" title="The Indians Are Coming">
The Indians Are Coming

The Indians Are Coming (1930) is a Universal movie serial based on the book "The Great West That Was" by William "Buffalo Bill" Cody. The serial was the first "all-talking" (complete sound rather than a silent movie with occasional sound sections) film of its kind. It played at The Roxy Theatre and was responsible for saving the film serial format into the sound era.
Production.
Along with "Battling with Buffalo Bill" (1931) this serial was based on "The Great West That Was" by William "Buffalo Bill" Cody.
Release.
Theatrical.
The release of "The Indians Are Coming" was the first time a serial was given an "uptown" treatment. The serial played at The Roxy in New York City and had full runs across the country.
According to Stedman, "The Indians Are Coming" earned a profit on "near" $1M.
The success of the serial ended doom-mongering about the sound technology being the end of the serial format. In the words of William C. Cline, it is "credited with reviving interest in what seemed to be a dying form of entertainment" and proved that action could still be done with sound equipment.
Critical reception.
Stedman compares Tim McCoy's delivery to that of Adam West in the Batman television series but declares it restrained compared to other stars. He goes on to comment that "Only the dog managed not to fall victim to the natural tendency of actors groomed in the silent film to overplay when thrust into a talkie."
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9877841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877841" title="Ryhope Engines Museum">
Ryhope Engines Museum

The Ryhope Engines Museum is a visitor attraction in the Ryhope suburb of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear.
The Grade II* listed building is the most visited man-made landmark in Ryhope and is based at The Ryhope Pumping Station, operational for 100 years before closing in 1967.
The volunteer-run museum contains two Victorian beam engines, which are kept in working order by members of the Ryhope Engines Trust. The site is owned by Northumbrian Water, successors to the Sunderland & South Shields Water Company which built the complex in the 1860s.
The engines are a near identical pair of double-acting compound rotative beam engines by the local North East firm R & W Hawthorn of Newcastle - 'possibly the finest pair of compound beam engines in Great Britain'. Each beam weighs 22 tons and each flywheel 18 tons. Both engines can be seen fully operational and in steam on various weekends and bank holidays each year.
The museum also contains three 1908 Lancashire boilers (two of which are still in regular service), a blacksmith's forge, a waterwheel, numerous steam engines and pumps, a replica plumber's shop, and many items associated with waterworks. In addition, visitors arriving in the engine house are now able to see to the bottom of the 250-foot well shaft by means of a viewing panel inserted in the floor.

</doc>
<doc id="9877845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877845" title="Carrington, Nottingham">
Carrington, Nottingham

Carrington is a small suburb of Nottingham, England. It is approximately 1.3 miles North of Nottingham City Centre. It lies next to the areas of Sherwood, Mapperley Park, Forest Fields, Basford and the Forest Recreation Ground.
Amenities.
Owing to its proximity to the city centre, Carrington has a number of hotels and guest houses along its two main roads, (A60 - Mansfield Road and A611 - Hucknall Road) and hosts a varied selection of local shops and small businesses which also serve the community of Mapperley Park. Carrington is also home to two primary schools.
History.
In the early part of the twentieth century, horse drawn trams ran along Mansfield Road to the stables and depot between St. John's Church and Watcombe Road. Later, this line was extended to Sherwood and upgraded to electric trams. The tram depot was replaced by "Carrington Lido" (open air swimming pool) and, later still, by a town-house development.
The 2418 (Sherwood) Squadron of the Air Training Corps is located in Wesley Street. And Parades on Tuesday and Thursday evenings and prides itself on being the best in Nottingham.
Recent years have seen the construction of a large housing estate and small supermarket on the site of a former bakery and printing works on the Hucknall road, and a Lidl supermarket on Mansfield Road. Which has led to quite a few takeaways in the area.
Politics.
Carrington lies within the Nottingham City Council "Mapperley and Sherwood" ward, which has three Labour Party councillors. It lies in the Nottingham East constituency and has been represented by Labour Party MP Chris Leslie since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9877852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877852" title="The Gadjits">
The Gadjits

The Gadjits were a ska and rock and roll band from Kansas City, Missouri. Their sound was influenced by The Clash, The Who, AC/DC, Elvis Costello, The Stooges, and The Rolling Stones.
History.
Early years.
Brandon, Zach, and Adam Phillips come from an artistic family, their father was a jazz musician and their mother an art teacher. The brothers played music together from a young age. Originally they covered songs by the band AC/DC, but later they began incorporating elements of punk, ska, reggae and swing into their sound, soon beginning to write their own material as well. The group was formed in 1991 when 14-year-old Brandon led his younger brothers Zach and Adam into a seedy bar in Kansas City to play their first gig to the small crowd of locals.
"Da Gravy On Yo Grits".
The Gadjits' debut LP, Da Gravy on Yo' Grits, was issued on their own JoCo Ska label, and its local success won the group opening slots for bands including the Skatalites, Rancid (band) and Let's Go Bowling; in time, they added keyboardist Heidi Blobaum to their ranks, replacing her a year later with Hillary Allen when Blobaum departed to attend college.
"At Ease".
Released in 1998 on Epitaph Records after attracting the attention of Tim Armstrong of Rancid (band). The Gadjits appeared on the Vans Warped Tour later that summer.
"Wish We Never Met".
Released in 1999 on Hellcat Records.
"Today Is My Day".
Released in 2002 on Thick Records. Featuring Brandon Phillips (vocals, guitar); Zach Phillips (vocals, bass); Mike Alexander (guitar); Hilary Allen (Fender Rhodes piano, Hammond B-3 organ); Adam Phillips (drums).
The Architects.
In June 2004 The Gadjits ceased to exist as a band and a new band, The Architects, was formed. Brandon announced the news on the Gadjits e-mail list as follows:
Adrianne Verhoven shortly thereafter also left the band, but with great respect and affection for this amazing group of talented musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="9877859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877859" title="Neda Ukraden">
Neda Ukraden

Neda Ukraden (, ; born 16 August 1950) is a famous pop singer across all of the former Yugoslavia, whose professional career stretches back to 1967. Her surname Ukraden, translated from Serbo-Croatian means "stolen" (masculine adjective).
Early life.
Ukraden was born in the Croatian city of Imotski in 1950. She grew up in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, but she also lived in a few other Bosnian cities, mainly because of her father's professional commitments. Respecting the wishes of her father, she attended University of Sarajevo where she unsuccessfully attempted degrees in Law and Philology, English language. It was only at the age of seventeen that she started singing in the late 1960s.
Life and career.
When the war in Bosnia started, Neda left Sarajevo, Bosnia and moved to Belgrade, Serbia, where she resides today with her mother, daughter, son and grandchildren.
She owns a restaurant called "Star", which she runs.

</doc>
<doc id="9877861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877861" title="Acoustic transformer">
Acoustic transformer

In a horn loudspeaker, the term acoustic transformer or acoustical transformer may refer to either of two components:

</doc>
<doc id="9877862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877862" title="Mark Wilson (golfer)">
Mark Wilson (golfer)

Mark Joseph Wilson (born October 31, 1974) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour.
Professional career.
Wilson turned professional in 1997 and played on the NGA Hooters Tour for the early part of his career, where he won three times between 1998-2001. He then won his PGA Tour card for the 2003 season after finishing T17 at the Q School in 2002. In his first full season on tour, Wilson narrowly missed out on retaining his card when he finished 128th on the money list. He held conditional status for the 2004 PGA Tour season and alternated between the PGA Tour and Nationwide Tour for the season. He then regained his tour card for 2005 season at Q School and finished the year with three top-10 finishes including a T3 at the Valero Texas Open, which at the time was his best finish on the PGA Tour. He continued with conditional status in 2006 after finishing 133rd on the money list in 2005, then again regained full status at the 2006 Q School for the 2007 season.
Wilson won for the first time on the PGA Tour at the Honda Classic in March 2007, where he triumphed in a four-way playoff. He won the tournament on the third extra hole after being tied with José Cóceres, Camilo Villegas and Boo Weekley at 5-under-par. This victory lifted Wilson into the top 100 of the Official World Golf Ranking for the first time in his career.
Wilson has since won the 2009 Mayakoba Golf Classic at Riviera Maya-Cancun, the 2011 Sony Open in Hawaii and the 2011 Waste Management Phoenix Open where he triumphed in a playoff against Jason Dufner. The Sony Open victory earned Wilson his first trip to the Masters. Wilson earned his fifth PGA Tour victory at the 2012 Humana Challenge, holding off the challenge of Robert Garrigus, Johnson Wagner and John Mallinger by two strokes. He finished at 24-under-par, helped by a second round 62 which included eight birdies and an eagle. With the win, he moved to a career high of 40th in the Official World Golf Ranking. The following month, Wilson enjoyed a good run at the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship where he made it all the way to the semi-finals before losing to eventual champion Hunter Mahan, 2&1. He did however win the consolation match to finish third, defeating world number three Lee Westwood, 1 up. In his run for the semi-finals, Wilson beat Bo Van Pelt (3&2), Robert Rock (3&2), Dustin Johnson (4&3) and Peter Hanson (4&3). This was Wilson' best showing at a WGC event and he moved to a career high 24th in the world ranking.
Personal life.
Wilson was born in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin and currently resides in Elmhurst, Illinois.
Along with his wife, Amy, he is heavily involved in the Blessings in a Backpack charitable organization, with a mission of sending needy school children home every weekend with nonperishable food they can eat on Saturday and Sunday.
Professional wins (9).
PGA Tour wins (5).
PGA Tour playoff record (2–0)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="9877883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877883" title="Mm tree">
Mm tree

Among Linux kernel developers, the -mm tree refers to a version of the kernel source code maintained by Andrew Morton.
The -mm kernel tree used to fill the role of Linux kernel development builds, formerly identified by odd version numbers following "2.6." (see this section on Linux kernel version numbering). New and experimental code used to find its way into a 2.6.x-mm kernel build. Historically, the -mm tree focused on new developments for the memory management part of the kernel (mm).
Occasionally, the -mm tree was overloaded with new patches, so testing it became overly difficult. On Sep 17 2007, Andrew Morton sent a mail saying that "this just isn't working any more". The presence of the new linux-next git repository has offloaded much of the work that made mm maintenance so difficult, allowing Andrew Morton to continue to use Quilt to manage his series of "mmotm" (mm of the moment) patches.
Andrew Morton includes a subset of the mmotm patches in linux-next, which has a head called "linux-next/akpm". There is also a git tree that includes the patches that appear in releases of the mm tree. To get all of the mm patches at any given time, developers still need quilt or ad hoc shell scripts to apply the full set of patches.

</doc>
<doc id="9877892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877892" title="Bossman (rapper)">
Bossman (rapper)

Bossman, aka Travis Holifield or Jimmy Hash, is a hip hop artist from Baltimore, Maryland.
He has appeared on mixtapes promoted by DJ Kayslay who is well known through Baltimore Club music. Bossman began his rapping career as a part of N.E.K (Northeast Kings) where he was known as "Jimmy Hash". The rap group gained a moderate level of popularity throughout Baltimore. Bossman has released his debut album Law and Order in 2004 in Baltimore only as well as Mixtapes hosted by DJ Envy and Big Mike.
Early life.
Bossman was born Travis Holifield and grew up in Northeast Baltimore, Maryland. When he was 11, Holifield's parents were sent to prison for their involvement in a robbery, and he and his younger sister lived under the care of their grandmother for the next two years until their mother was released. During his time as a student at Hamilton Middle School, he had his first experiences performing when he and a childhood friend performed a Kris Kross song at local talent shows. Shortly thereafter, Holifield and friends created the underground hip hop group N.E.K., or Northeast Kings.
Jena 6.
Bossman is a supporter of the Jena 6 and made a song called "Far Too Long" dedicated to the Jena 6. He released it on his Myspace page. The song first appeared on DJ D-Mob's Put B-More On The Map Volume 7 mixtape which came out October 27, 2007 on Datpiff. It later appeared on the N.E.K mixtape "N.E.K All Day Part 1".
Album History.
Law & Order.
Bossman's Debut album was called "Law & Order". The album was released on December 21, 2004 on Double Down Entertainment and was produced by 1Up productions (which is now known as "1Up Entertainment").
Its original single was "Oh!" (also known by his fans as "The Baltimore Anthem") and was produced by Baltimore Club producer Rod Lee. Its second single became "Off da Record" after it got massive radio play on 92Q and was produced by 1Up Productions, Off Da Record was the song that got Jermaine Dupri to sign Bossman to Virgin Records and his label So So Def.
The Re-Up.
"The Re-Up" is marked as Bossman's second LP release since 2004 and is due for a June 8, 2010 release via Myspace Records/Interscope. The original title of the album was Home Of The Wire but was changed to The Re-Up in October 2009. The first single was supposed to be "Colors" but was switched to "Ghetto" featuring former Dru Hill member scola. The Second single was Break Me Off. The album was officially released June 15, 2010.
From Virgin to Sony Urban Music to Myspace Records/Interscope.
In Early August 2007, Bossman left Virgin Records right after their deal with Capitol Records, Bossman signed a $2.5 million-plus deal with Sony Records under the Sony Urban Music label, later after he signed, Bossman announced that his long awaited major debut album version of this 2004 Baltimore Underground album "Law & Order" will be officially released in Mid December 2007. While He's got his fans getting ready for his album, he released a Pre-album CD entitled "End Of Discussion" which is only found in Baltimore stores only. Five Days after End Of Discussion released, it then went on Datpiff as a free download. End Of Discussion also came with another mixtape called "The Overdose" which was by N.E.K member Dollars. Recently, Bossman featured on the song "Rain" With Myspace Records artist Jeremy Greene. The Single released on the iTunes store July 22, 2008 and its Bossman's first major guest appearance since "A-Yo!" was released. Also on Bossman's track featuring Raheem Devaughn entitled " I Wonder" he states that he closed his deal with Myspace Records becoming an official artist of the label. Myspace Records is distributed by powerhouse music label Interscope. A music video for the song was then recorded by Sleeping Giant Media and directed by Gearie "The Grench" Bowman. It was released on August 26, 2008 on Sleeping Giant's YouTube page making it Bossman's first music video. On April 14, 2009, MySpace Records officially released "Break Me Off" on Amazon MP3 and the iTunes store as his first single for his upcoming album "Home Of The Wire. Bossman has also released two new mixtapes. The first mixtape was called "ATM: After These Messages" and the second mixtape was called "Street Kings". In November 2009, Bossman released and EP with MySpace Records entitled "B.O.S.S Vol. 1: Based On Struggle and Success".
Discography.
EPs.
B.O.S.S Vol. 1: Based On Struggle and Success (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="9877893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877893" title="Nuke (warez)">
Nuke (warez)

In the warez scene, nuke refers to labeling content as "bad", for reasons which might include unusable software, bad video/audio quality, virus-infected content, deceptively labeled (fake) content or not following the rules. Also duplicates and stolen releases from other pirates that do not attribute the other pirates will be nuked. When a scene release is "nuked", a message is attached to its listing informing other sceners of its "nuked" status, as well as the specific nature of the problem.
Contrary to what the term implies, a nuke does not actually destroy offending content or prevent anyone from downloading it. A nuke merely serves as a cautionary flag to potential users. The person that uploaded the nuked content to a site will lose credits.
Issuing and removing nukes.
Global nukes.
Titles can only be officially labeled as "nuked" by people who have special access to a listing database, often referred to as "nukers". The nuke is issued by a nuke command in a nuke channel. For example:
Erroneous nukes are usually "un-nuked" easily, by the same people who have access to issue nukes, that nukes and unnukes happen on IRC. These nuke networks have their own guidelines on how to nuke a release. In 2008, twelve of those nuke networks created a coalition to work together "to ensure nukers bias, nukewars and many other problems that plague the nuke scene become a thing of the past."
Local nukes.
Local nukes or site nukes can be issued by a topsite administrator and are only applicable to that site. Each individual site has rules for which kind of releases that are allowed. e.g. no VCD releases. Hence a locally nuked release can still be valid.
Nukewars.
A release that gets nuked or unnuked more than four times, is called a nukewar.
Example of a nukewar. The first two columns represent the time when the release was pred or when a nuke was issued. The next column is the category of the release. In this example two releases were released at almost the same time.
Another source shows different timestamps. 
The clock of a computer is not always accurate. This and the difference in timezone partially explain the time difference. This shows why this nukewar was started.
ZoNeNET, EthNet and oneNET confirmed the precedent to leave both releases unnuked when groups pre within the same second.
Another example is the nukewar about the TDRS2K10 ruleset. The name between the square brackets is the nuke network where the nuke originates from. Each of those networks in this example was also a council member network.
Examples.
Examples of content that could be "nuked" include non-working software, non-working cracks, videos with out-of-sync audio, watermarked videos, or music recordings with excessive "skips". The reason for a nuke is based on violations of the standards that must be followed.
Pre network.
Pre network (aka Nukenet) is a collection of databases which share information about releases among the members of the network. There are approximately 20 different pre networks. Peers can be linked to more than one network. Linking to other network provides information which isn't available on peers local pre network. Such information can be .sfv, .m3u, .jpg, .diz or .nfo files.
Pre database.
Each release that gets released will result as a record in a pre-database. 
This record will at least contain the time the release was released and the release name (the name of the folder that contains the files of the release). 
The size and nature of the release are often provided too. 
Nukes are linked with their release in these databases when a nuke is issued. To check if a release is nuked, a scener uses an IRC channel to query the database by typing commands. These IRC channels are called pre channels and are often not accessible for the general public. 
The database is updated automatically through spidering topsites or by catching pre-release announcements from site channels.
The purpose of these different worldwide and mirrored pre databases is to check for fakes and that for example a music album or movie isn't pred more than once and thus reducing traffic.
List of public predb websites.
There are now several public websites and IRC channels that list the contents of pre-databases. Most of them are regularly updated and show nuke reasons next to their release. Some of these are regularly down or very slow when searching. Some of them show the server time.
Pre channel.
A pre channel is an IRC channel in which a prebot announces new warez (pre) releases in real time. Pre channels are generally provided as a convenience to members of the scene, often in conjunction with a topsite. Pre channels are typically private. 
Advantages:
Disadvantages:

</doc>
<doc id="9877903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877903" title="The Escorts (Liverpool band)">
The Escorts (Liverpool band)

The Escorts were a Merseybeat band formed in October 1962 in Liverpool, England, by three classmates who had just left the Morrison School for Boys in Rose Lane, Allerton — Mike Gregory, Terry Sylvester and John Kinrade. In 1963, they were voted the ninth most popular group in Liverpool by readers of "Mersey Beat" magazine from a competitive field of several dozen popular Liverpool bands of the time.
Career.
They originally consisted of:
Terry Sylvester was replaced by Frank Townsend from The Easybeats (1962–65) and the Beachwoods, who was later to become a member of Tony Rivers and the Castaways. Paddy Chambers (ex-Faron's Flamingos and The Big Three) subsequently replaced Townsend. Sylvester left to join The Swinging Blue Jeans in 1966, before replacing Graham Nash in The Hollies. He now lives in Toronto and travels all over the United States and Canada playing concerts with such as Billy J. Kramer, Peter Noone, Joey Molland and other British Invasion acts. Sylvester also does a one-man show.
Paul McCartney played tambourine on their last record, "From Head to Toe" in 1966.
John Kinrade stopped playing after The Escorts split up in 1967, sold his Gretsch guitar and is now a hairdresser with two salons.
Mike Gregory would also leave The Escorts in 1967 to join The Swinging Blue Jeans, and stayed until 1971, whereupon after leaving and doing sessions for a couple of years, he formed a group with Johnny Goodison of the original Brotherhood of Man called Big John's Rock 'n' Roll Circus in 1975. Gregory stayed in 'The Circus' until its demise in 2005, and is now a solo artist.
Drummer Pete Clarke managed to record a fine instrumental solo single in 1968. Starting that same year for a while he became the in-house session drummer for Apple Music and is notable on a couple of songs on Jackie Lomax's album, "Is This What You Want". Still wanting to be in a band, in 1969 he joined the strange poetry band, "The Liverpool Scene", while for Apple he did sessions for Kiki Dee and Billy Preston, and then did a brief stint in Badfinger. He is now living in the US.
Although they never released a full album during their short time together, much later (1983) at the instigation of Elvis Costello, Edsel Records released an LP containing all twelve songs from the six singles. It was released on CD in 1995 as EDCD 422 and entitled "From the Blue Angel", as a reference to the club by Allan Williams, The Beatles' first manager where The Escorts began performing in 1962. Costello also released a single which was a copy of The Escorts last recording, "From Head to Toe"/"Night Time".

</doc>
<doc id="9877928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877928" title="Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation">
Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation

The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) is an independent expert advisory committee of the United Kingdom Department of Health. JCVI was established, in 1963, "To advise the Secretaries of State for Health, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland on matters relating to communicable diseases, preventable and potentially preventable through immunisation." The advisory body makes recommendations to the British government concerning vaccination schedules and vaccine safety.
JCVI is recognized as a non-departmental public body (NDPB) in the UK. It is a statutory expert Standing Advisory Committee established in England and Wales under the National Health Service (NHS) Act 1977, and the NHS Order 1981, as the Standing Advisory Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation. It is also a Sub-Committee of the National Professional Advisory Council covering Scotland. 
Roles and Responsibilities.
The JCVI has a responsibility to provide high quality and considered advice and recommendations to the UK Health Ministers. This includes giving advice on recommendations on matters of both a 'routine' nature and also on any specific or special matters that Ministers may request. In formulating any advice and recommendations, the Committee must take into account the need for and impact of vaccines, the quality of vaccines and the strategies to ensure that their greatest benefit to the public health can be obtained from the most appropriate use of vaccines.
JCVI's members play a role in ensuring its continued standing as an internationally recognised leading body in the field of immunisation. They are people who are committed to the continuing development and improvement of public health policy on immunisation. Members bring relevant experience to the Committee and contribute to the provision of high quality and considered advice to UK ministers of health.
Accountability.
The Secretary of State for Health is accountable to Parliament of the United Kingdom for the performance of the JCVI and for ensuring that it continues to observe the highest standards of propriety including impartiality, integrity and objectivity in the execution of its role and responsibilities. 
All papers presented to JCVI --which often include pre-publication copies of research or documents of commercial significance-- must be treated as confidential. All matters discussed at JCVI are confidential. Members should take care to avoid premature or selective disclosure of the Committee's deliberations. A full explanation of confidentiality matters will be given to members on attendance at meetings and these will be recorded in the minutes.
JCVI members meet and report as one Committee usually three times a year. Its recommendations, as accepted by the Secretaries of State, are published in "Immunisation against infectious diseases" and also through other routes as necessary (e.g., Chief Medical Officer (CMO) Letters).
Leadership.
The JCVI chairman is Professor Andrew Hall, MB, BS, MSC, PHD, FRCP, FFPH, of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.
Membership.
The current members' names and affiliations are published online although year of appointment is not stated. According to the published code of practice [http://www.advisorybodies.doh.gov.uk/jcvi/code.htm appointments are normally of four years duration.
Position on MMR.
The JCVI has firmly endorsed the efficacy and safety of the MMR vaccine. Among many developments, in February, 1988, fifteen experts and officials met in the UK to discuss adverse events reported after the administration of the vaccines which contained the attenuated Urabe mumps virus strain. According to JCVI's minutes, the group "read a report of cases of mumps encephalitis which had been associated with MMR vaccine containing the Urabe strain of the mumps virus."
The JCVI "expressed concern" about giving triple vaccines to children with a personal or family history of convulsions, but considered it appropriate to proceed with a planned introduction of the MMR vaccine in October 1988, including two products containing Urabe strain. After the start of the mass MMR immunisation programme, additional evidence that the strain was linked with viral meningitis surfaced in a number of countries, and by 1990, many had withdrawn products containing it. In November 1992, it was withdrawn in the UK, following the publication of government-sponsored research which confirmed a high incidence of transitory mild meningtis.[http://doctor.medscape.com/viewarticle/553729 Since that time, government agencies have acted to prevent the importation of single vaccines containing this strain. [http://www.ukmicentral.nhs.uk/headline/database/viewnewssearch.asp?offset=4490&NewsID=1434].
In 2001, Andrew Wakefield published what he said were his concerns in the "Journal of Adverse Drug and Toxicological Reviews" commenting on early studies of MMR, none of which were critical of the vaccine. The article was reviewed by the JCVI, which unequivocally rejected Wakefield's claims, with government agencies publishing a detailed rebuttal [http://www.hpa.org.uk/infections/topics_az/vaccination/012201wakefield.htm].
In 2010 Andrew Wakefield was struck off by the General Medical Council for fabrication of results and failure to declare a financial interest in the importation of single strain vaccines. In 2011 The British Medical Journal ran articles over 3 weeks documenting his fraud and criticising The Lancet editor for delay in accepting evidence of fraud and withdrawing the publication.
Position on thimerosal.
As is the case in the United States and many other countries, the mercury-based additive thimerosal, previously thought necessary for multi-dose vials of vaccines such as the DPT shot, has largely been phased out. According to the JCVI, it has been shown that the amount of mercury in the blood of children receiving thimerosal-containing vaccines is well below levels that may be "associated with any toxic effects." Reports reviewed by the JCVI contend that mercury exposure in the UK immunisation programme is low. However, JCVI endorsed recommendations to remove the preservative "even though there is no evidence of toxicity, as a precautionary measure, thiomersal should be phased out over time..."[http://www.hps.scot.nhs.uk/immvax/thiomersal.aspx]

</doc>
<doc id="9877930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877930" title="Finger Prints (serial)">
Finger Prints (serial)

Finger Prints (1931) is a Universal movie serial. It is considered to be lost.
Plot.
Secret Service agent Gary Gordon is working on shutting down the River Gang, a smuggling ring that his girlfriend's father is secretly a member. Soon after, events are complicated when Kent Martin blackmails the father unsuccessfully for the hand of his daughter in marriage.
Chapter titles.
Source:
This was the last Universal serial with ten chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="9877939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877939" title="Schwörstadt">
Schwörstadt

Schwörstadt is a town in the district of Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9877950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877950" title="McMillan (agency)">
McMillan (agency)

McMillan is a full-service marketing agency in Ottawa, Canada. McMillan specializes in planning and executing integrated product and service branding campaigns across a variety of media, including online, broadcast, and print. In 2011, McMillan marked its 15th anniversary.
Company profile.
McMillan is one of Ottawa's largest marketing agencies according to the Ottawa Business Journal. Founded in 1996 by Gordon McMillan, the agency has grown to service accounts throughout North America. Within six months of opening, McMillan landed accounts with Microsoft and Cognos. The following year it added several clients in the high-tech industry, including Oracle University, PeopleSoft, and Nortel Networks. D&B (Dun & Bradstreet) selected McMillan as a preferred marketing vendor in 2003 and McMillan became D&B's lead agency until 2010. McMillan was named agency of record for Forest Products Association of Canada in 2004 and for Bridgewater Systems in 2005. McMillan also was named agency of record for Sophos PLC, a U.K.-based company specializing in email, web, and computer threat protection. The agency also started relationships with Getty Images and American Greetings. In 2007, McMillan deepened its relationship with Canada Post, becoming the crown corporation's primary source for interactive and web services, as well as becoming a principle marketing partner for the Canadian Medical Association (CMA). In late 2007, McMillan closed its Vancouver office, which had been operating for 5 years, servicing mainly smaller, Vancouver-based accounts. In 2011, it closed its client services center in San Francisco, CA.
Industry awards.
As reported on the Registered Graphic Designers of Ontario website, McMillan's 2006 Annual Report for the Forest Products Association of Canada (FPAC) was honoured in both the 2007 Applied Arts and Communication Arts annuals.
The project was art directed and designed by Lisa Rickenbacher R.G.D., under the creative direction of Jake Volt. The annual focuses on changing markets and ongoing sustainability for Canada's forests as well as the forest products industry.
In 2011, McMillan's "Give Your Head a Shake" campaign received a Certificate of Excellence award from Hypertension Canada, recognizing the campaign as an “early and exemplary community sodium reduction awareness program.” The award was presented at the Hypertension Canada 2011 annual general meeting, on October 4 in Alliston, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9877951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877951" title="Artie Levine">
Artie Levine

Artie Levine (January 26, 1925 – January 13, 2012) was an American boxer in the middleweight and light heavyweight divisions in the 1940s.
Overview.
Levine, who was Jewish and from Brooklyn, was a legitimate contender who flattened 36 opponents with a devastating left hook. 
Levine, who stood at 5' 9", was a right handed slugger, with an orthodox fighting style. His left hook made him a fighter who no one looked forward to facing in the ring. He was trained by Charley Goldman, the famed trainer of boxing legend Rocky Marciano.
Levine fought professionally for eight years (1941–49) before retiring at the age of 24.
Stolen Glory.
On November 6, 1946, Levine challenged Sugar Ray Robinson. Robinson claimed Levine hit him with the hardest punch of his career when he knocked Sugar Ray down and out for a 21-second long count. 
Instead of directing Levine back to his corner, the referee "walked" him to his corner then returned about 10 seconds later to begin the count on Robinson. Robinson came back and KO'd Levine in the tenth round. 
Of the fight, The Ring Magazine wrote:
"Sugar ... was almost kayoed in the fourth round. A left hook, followed by a right cross, both to the chin, put (him) down and almost out... Sugar rose unsteadily and called upon all his ring skill and stamina to last out the round...Sugar had several other close calls during the course of the evening. Artie's left hooks and resounding right crosses occasionally found their marks and with telling effect. Robinson's class and body punching were taking their toll from the heavier Levine as the bout progressed. Sugar started the tenth with knockout intent. With the round about two minutes gone, Sugar paralyzed Artie with a right to the solar plexus. Then Sugar became a 'killer,' throwing punches with reckless abandon to both head and body with the result that Artie was beaten to the floor."
It is unknown what effect this victory could have had upon both the careers of Levine or Robinson. It is possible to speculate that since Levine had actually knocked Sugar Ray out in this fight that he may have done it again in a rematch, altering the history of boxings greatest pound for pound fighter.
In March 1947, Levine faced Herbie Kronowitz of Brooklyn in the main event at Madison Square Garden in New York City. The crowd of 12,000 was said to have been enthralled during the entire 10-round battle between the two fighters. Kronowitz always claimed that he really defeated Levine in the confrontation.
Fight Stats.
His fight record was: W: 52(36 ko's)| L:15 | D:5 | Total 72 
External resources.
Complete fight record: http://www.boxrec.com/boxer_display.php?boxer_id=013083
Additional career info: http://www.ootpdevelopments.com/board/showthread.php?t=81457
When Boxing Was a Jewish Sport: http://www.amazon.com/dp/027595353X/
Artie Levine Statistics: http://www.ootpdevelopments.com/board/showthread.php?t=81457

</doc>
<doc id="9877952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877952" title="Communist Party of Nepal (2006)">
Communist Party of Nepal (2006)

Communist Party of Nepal (2006) () was a communist party in Nepal. It was formed in 2006, after a split in the Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre-Masal). Bijaya Kumar is the general secretary of the party and Narendra Man KC is the party spokesman.
Soon after its formation, the party merged into the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).

</doc>
<doc id="9877958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877958" title="J. V. Cain">
J. V. Cain

James Victor Cain (July 22, 1951 - July 22, 1979) was a tight end in the NFL for the St. Louis Cardinals. He died of congenital heart failure during training camp at Lindenwood College in St. Charles, Mo. on his birthday in 1979. His number 88 is retired by the Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="9877975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9877975" title="Dehcho First Nations">
Dehcho First Nations

The Dehcho First Nations is a regional coalition representing the Dene (South Slavey people) and Métis people of Dehcho Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is made up of ten First Nations bands and 2 Métis Locals.
Membership.
The DehCho First Nations Tribal Council is made up of several First Nations and Métis locals including:
External links.
Métis (Canada)

</doc>
<doc id="9878039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878039" title="Johannes Fischer">
Johannes Fischer

Johannes Fischer (born 1887) was a German physicist.
Education.
Fischer studied under Arnold Sommerfeld at the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich. His thesis was on the theory of diffraction, and he was awarded his doctorate in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="9878062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878062" title="The Dregs">
The Dregs

The Dregs are a comedy folk band of six performers based in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota. Live performances are partially improvised. They perform around the Midwest and have recorded eight albums.
History.
The Dregs began as an a cappella group formed by improv comedian and bodhrán drummer Tim Wick at the Minnesota Renaissance Festival in 2001 under the moniker "Pub Kin". It consisted loosely of over a dozen members who were meant to serve drinks and entertain patrons of Mac's Pub, a vacant merchant shop turned ale house with an Irish theme. In practice, it became problematic for performers to operate the pub on their own, so tending bar became the responsibility of the Minnesota Jaycees, and Pub Kin was reduced to purely a music act.
In 2002, the band was pared down to just five members and added elements of improv comedy to their performances. Soon thereafter, the band began making public appearance at venues outside of the Minnesota Renaissance Festival. The Dregs released their first album "Are You Gonna Drink That?" in 2003, consisting of traditional Irish ballads, silly drinking tunes, and bawdy songs. Expanding beyond a cappella, the album included several songs with accompaniment by guitarist Sean Larson. Impressed with the musical talents of their recording engineer, The Dregs asked Chad Dutton to join the act. In 2005 they released another full-length album "Our Drunk Goes to Eleven" and the CD Single "Johnny Jump-Up".
Half of the cast stepped down from The Dregs in late 2005 and were soon replaced by Rachael Salisbury, Frost Simula, and Angelina Lais. To highlight the new talent, the band released a live album, "Uncorked," in 2007, and another studio album "Thank You, Sir. May I Have Another?" just a year later in 2008. By this time, the band had established itself as a local comedy and music act with several bars, music venues, conventions, and private events in the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area, as well as additional Renaissance faires in the Midwest. Their sound had also grown, building upon the vocal talents of all six members, as well as Chad Dutton's musings on the accordion and keyboard.
Vocalist and comedienne Angelia Lais departed from the act following The Dregs Holiday Special performance in December 2009. Interested in expanding instrumentation, soprano and violinist Molly Dimba was recruited in early 2010. Frost Simula left the band at the end of 2011 at which time Geoffrey M. Brown, who had been participating with The Dregs throughout 2011, joined the group as a permanent member.
Popularity.
The Dregs have been featured most prominently at their birthplace, the Minnesota Renaissance Festival. They make nearly a dozen appearances per day, costumed and acting as a peasant Irish band, and are still a mainstay at Mac's Pub. Similar performances have been at the Siouxland Renaissance Festival in Sioux Falls, SD, Riverssance Festival in Sioux City, Iowa, and at the Olde World Renaissance Faire in Twig, MN. The Irish music they play has gained the attention of many Irish pubs and Irish-themed festivals in the Midwest.
While music is a vehicle for their comedy, The Dregs main draw is a combination of their stage antics and their ridiculous lyrics. Themes which garner the most attention are songs about science fiction, rednecks, chickens, and zombies. To date, their most popular song is the apocalyptic undead ballad "Zombies in the Shire", featured on the album "Thank You, Sir. May I Have Another?"
Discography.
Are You Gonna Drink That?
Released: 2003
Recorded at: Rainbow Records
Engineered by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Christopher Jones
Our Drunk Goes to Eleven.
Released: 2005
Recorded at: Rainbow Records
Engineered by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Christopher Jones
Johnny Jump-Up.
Released: 2005
Engineered by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Christopher Marcy
Uncorked.
Released: 2008
Engineered by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Frost Simula
Thank You, Sir. May I Have Another?
Released: 2008
Recorded at: Curbside Studios
Engineered by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Frost Simula
Dreggnog.
Released: 2011
Recorded at: Curbside Studios
Album art by: Frost Simula
Do It Like You're Drunk.
Released: 2012
Recorded at: Shock and Awe Studio
Engineered by: Joey Olsen
Produced by: Rachael Salisbury
Mastered by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Geoffrey M Brown
2 Bands, 1 Show (with Four Pints Shy).
Released: 2013
Recorded live at: Parkway Theatre
Engineered by: Stephan Ahonen
Produced by: Chad Dutton
Album art by: Geoffrey M Brown

</doc>
<doc id="9878064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878064" title="Heroes of the Flames">
Heroes of the Flames

Heroes of the Flames (1931) is a Universal movie serial. It is considered to be lost. It was notable for containing the first film role of future star Bruce Cabot, an uncredited bit part.

</doc>
<doc id="9878065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878065" title="Joseph Ledwidge">
Joseph Ledwidge

Joseph James ("Jack") Ledwidge (8 June 1877 – 19 January 1953) was a Gaelic footballer, an Irish international soccer player and a cricketer. He won two All-Ireland medals playing with the Dublin Geraldines and later played with Shelbourne in the Irish League.
Ledwidge was born on Arran Quay, Dublin, Ireland to Joseph Ledwidge, a butcher, and Elizabeth Ledwidge (née Trulock). He had his first successes playing with the Geraldines' selection that won two All-Ireland titles for Dublin in 1898 and 1899. 
Ledwidge joined Shels in 1901 when they played in the Leinster Senior League and played 51 times for them in the Irish League after they joined in 1904 until he left the Reds in 1909.
He played for Shels in their historic Irish Cup final win over Belfast Celtic in 1906 as well the cup final defeat to Distillery in 1905 and the cup final replay defeats to Cliftonville and Bohemians in 1907 and 1908. He became the first man to win both a GAA All-Ireland and an IFA cup-winner's medal.
Ledwidge also won an inter-league cap for the Irish League against the Football League in Manchester during the 1905-06 season. He got his first international caps playing for Ireland against Scotland and Wales in 1906.
He played cricket for many years for Clontarf Cricket Club as a left-handed medium-fast bowler and as an impressive slip fielder.
He worked for the Ordnance Survey office and later for the Land Commission. 
He died in Dublin and is buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9878091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878091" title="Institute of Business Administration and Management">
Institute of Business Administration and Management

Knowledge for business.
The Institute of Business Administration and Management (IBAM) was a collaboration between the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) and the Institute of Business Administration (IBA).
IBAM is an operating division of the ICSA group with a qualifying scheme designed specifically to provide knowledge and qualifications for people involved in business. It has a logical qualification structure that incorporates Certificates, a Diploma and an Advance Diploma covering all aspects of business administration and management.
Qualifying grades.
Candidates registered on an IBAM course qualifies for IBAM membership on completion. The qualifying grades are:

</doc>
<doc id="9878096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878096" title="Sally Starr (actress)">
Sally Starr (actress)

Sally Starr (January 23, 1909 – 1996) was a movie actress from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
She was a Broadway actress before making her debut in motion pictures. She performed on stage from the age of fourteen. Starr debuted in "Frolics" featuring Ted Lewis as a teenager. She later appeared in George White's Scandals of 1924. 
When Starr came to Hollywood she signed a contract with MGM. She played leading roles in "So This Is College" (1929), "The Woman Racket" (1930), "Not So Dumb" (1930), "Personality" (1930), and "For The Love o' Lil" (1930). Starr was signed among the cast of "Swing High" (1930), a production of Pathe Pictures. 
Starr continued her theatrical performances after her motion picture career began. She played with Eleanor Powell and George Hassell in "The Optimists", staged at the Century Roof Theater in January 1928. The same year she was cast with Elliott Nugent, Robert Montgomery, and Phyllis Crane in "College Life". Her final films are "Meet The Bride" (1937), "Getting An Eyeful" (1938), "Love and Onions" (1938), and "Money on Your Life" (1938).

</doc>
<doc id="9878099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878099" title="Symphyotrichum ericoides">
Symphyotrichum ericoides

Symphyotrichum ericoides, syn. "Aster ericoides" (common name white aster or heath aster), is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to much of North America, as well as northern Mexico. It has also been introduced to many areas beyond its native range.
Description.
It is an herbaceous perennial, characterised by its white or rarely pinkish, daisy-like composite flowerheads with yellow centres that appear in late summer through fall (autumn).
Cultivation.
Confusingly, plants sold in the horticultural trade labeled as "Aster ericoides", the old name of the plant, are almost invariably cultivars or hybrids involving the European garden plants "Symphyotrichum dumosum", "S. lateriflorum", "S. pilosum" or "S. racemosum", a mistake that has apparently occurred continuously since the 19th century.
Asters are tough plants, though they can be subject to fungal infections, especially if not planted in open, sunny conditions where the soil is not too damp. They are valued in the garden for providing late season flower colour in shades of blue, pink and white. The following cultivars of "A. ericoides" have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-

</doc>
<doc id="9878110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878110" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 150">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 150

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 150 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878113" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 137">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 137

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 137 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878114" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 138">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 138

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 138 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878116" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 139">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 139

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 139 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878120" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 140">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 140

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 140 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878124" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 141">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 141

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 141 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878127" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 142">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 142

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 142 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878130" title="Stan Mauldin">
Stan Mauldin

Stanley Hubert Mauldin (December 27, 1920 — September 24, 1948) was a professional American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals. He died of a heart attack after a game against the Philadelphia Eagles in 1948. His number 77 is retired by the Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="9878131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878131" title="White Aster">
White Aster

White Aster is the common name of several species of plants formerly classified in "Aster":

</doc>
<doc id="9878133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878133" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 143">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 143

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 143 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878138" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 144">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 144

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 144 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878142" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 145">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 145

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 145 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878144" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 146">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 146

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 146 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878148" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 147">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 147

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 147 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878149" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 148">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 148

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 148 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878150" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 149">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 149

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 149 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878152" title="Makarios II">
Makarios II

Makarios II (1870 – June 28, 1950) was Archbishop of Cyprus from 1947 until 1950. He was born "Michail Charalambous Papaioannou" in the village of Prodromos in 1870. In 1895, he was ordained a deacon and left Cyprus for further education. He studied at the "Great School of the Nation" in Constantinople before entering the Halki seminary.
In 1912, he enlisted in the Hellenic Army and served as chaplain during the Balkan Wars. On March 20, 1917, he was elected Bishop of Kyrenia.
After the disturbances of October 1931, Makarios was exiled by the British administration. He remained in Pangrati, Athens during World War II and returned to Cyprus on December 22, 1946.
Makarios II was elected Archbishop of Cyprus, without an opponent, on December 24, 1947. He died on June 28, 1950 and was succeeded by Makarios III.

</doc>
<doc id="9878153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878153" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 151">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 151

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 151 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878155" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 152">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 152

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 152 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878157" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 153">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 153

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 153 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878159" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 154">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 154

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 154 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878162" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 155">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 155

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 155 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878164" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 156">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 156

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 156 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878168" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 157">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 157

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 157 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878172" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 158">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 158

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 158 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878174" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 159">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 159

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 159 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878175" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 160">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 160

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 160 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878179" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 161">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 161

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 161 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878180" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 162">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 162

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 162 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878182" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 163">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 163

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 163 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878185" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 164">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 164

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 164 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878186" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 165">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 165

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 165 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878189" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 166">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 166

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 166 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878192" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 167">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 167

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 167 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878193" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 168">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 168

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 168 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878194" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 169">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 169

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 169 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878198" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 170">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 170

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 170 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878200" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 171">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 171

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 171 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9878218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878218" title="Mujib Bahini">
Mujib Bahini

Mujib Bahini or the Bangladesh Liberation Force (BLF) was part of the Bangladesh Mukti Bahini, a guerrilla force fighting against Pakistan in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
Mujib Bahini was a special force created by the Awami League and composed of 60,000 young supporters of the liberation movement. It was organised with the active assistance of Major General Oban Tofael Ahmed; and Abdur Razzaq, MP were the organizers of this special force. It is alleged that this force was formed during the concluding part of Liberation War according to the policy of Awami League and the ally, India, aimed against the leftist freedom fighters to bar them from taking the lead in the War.

</doc>
<doc id="9878237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878237" title="John Thierry">
John Thierry

John Fitzgerald Thierry (born September 4, 1971 in Houston, Texas) is a former professional American football player who was selected by the Chicago Bears in the 1st round (11th overall pick) of the 1994 NFL Draft. A 6' 4", 263 lb linebacker from Alcorn State University, Thierry was moved to defensive end and played in nine NFL seasons from 1994-2002.
He was selected second in the 1999 Cleveland Browns expansion draft, following Jim Pyne. He finished his career with the Atlanta Falcons after recurring shoulder injuries. During his career Thierry played in 131 games and started 70 of them recording 33.5 sacks and 158 tackles with 7 fumble recoveries. 

</doc>
<doc id="9878242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878242" title="Peter Pullan">
Peter Pullan

Peter Pullan (29 March 1857 – 3 March 1901) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1884. He scored fourteen runs in his only first-class innings at an average of 14.00, plus he bowled eight balls for five runs without taking a wicket, and took one catch.
Born in Guiseley, Leeds, Yorkshire, England, Pullan had a right hand batting style and was a right arm slow bowler. In addition to his brief first-class duties with Yorkshire, Pullan played for Littleborough C.C. in 1896 and 1897, and held professional posts at Forfarshire C.C. (1881), Guiseley C.C. (1882), Haslingden C.C. (1883, 1884 and 1886), Bradford C.C. (1885), Raistrick C.C. (1887) and Golcar C.C. (1888 to 1895). He also played for Huddersfield C.C. for several years.
Pullan died in 3 March 1901, aged 43, in Menston, Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9878263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878263" title="1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom">
1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom

Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1991/1992
Final point standings.
In Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1991/92 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9878272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878272" title="Indira Priyadarshini Stadium">
Indira Priyadarshini Stadium

Indira Priyadarsini Stadium is located in the coastal city of Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. 
The 25,000 seat Indira Priyadarshini Stadium in this coastal town has hosted one-day matches but was not yet a Test venue.
The stadium has hosted 5 ODI Matches and is also known as the Municipal Corporation Stadium. The first match was held on December 9, 1988 and the last of the 5 matches was held on April 3, 2001. 
The stadium has been discontinued from hosting ODI matches in favour of the newer ACA-VDCA Stadium.
One Day International cricket.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.
Game Statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="9878280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878280" title="Jimmy Patsos">
Jimmy Patsos

Jimmy Patsos (born October 1, 1966) is an American college basketball coach (of Greek and Irish heritage) and the current head men's basketball coach at Siena College. 
Patsos earned his B.A. from Catholic University in 1989. There, he played basketball under Jack Bruen, who later coached Colgate University to a couple of NCAA tournament appearances in the 1990s. 
Early Career.
Patsos served on the coaching staff of Gary Williams at the University of Maryland for 13 years, beginning as a volunteer assistant in 1991. Patsos took over at Loyola after they suffered a 1–27 season under former coach Scott Hicks. 
Patsos was the 20th head coach of Loyola men's basketball. In his first season as coach in 2004, he guided them to a 6–22 record. In his second season, they reached 15–13, the first time they had a winning record since the 1993–94 season, the year they reached the NCAA Tournament under Skip Prosser.
On Dec. 22, 2009 a Patsos led Loyola team recorded the greatest regular season win in program history defeating the Indiana Hoosiers 72–67. The Hounds led by as many as 22, before the Hoosiers rallied to take a late lead. Senior Guard Brett Harvey led the Hounds back scoring 9 points in the final 3 minutes.
He has guided the Greyhounds to multiple 3rd place MAAC finishes, finishing with 18 wins in 2006–07 and a tied a school record with 19 wins in 2007–08.
Patsos has sought local talent in his coaching staff. Former players from Maryland, Terrell Stokes and Matt Kovarik are former assistants at Loyola.
On his staff, Patsos currently has G.G. Smith, son of Minnesota Coach Tubby Smith, former Greyhound Greg Manning, and Luke D'Alessio, former head coach at Division II school, Bowie State.
Patsos received a contract extension from Loyola on July 9, 2008. Per Loyola policies, details of the contract were not released.
On November 25, 2008, Patsos and the Greyhounds double-teamed Davidson All-American Stephen Curry for the entire game, leaving his other three players to face the 24th ranked Wildcats in a four on three game. Davidson won by 30, while Curry stood in the corner during most possessions. Commenting afterwords, Patsos said: "We had to play against an NBA player tonight. Anybody else ever hold him scoreless? I'm a history major. They're going to remember that we held him scoreless or we lost by 30? I know the fans are mad at me, but I had to roll the dice as far as a coach goes. I'm not some rookie coach," said Patsos, a former longtime assistant at Maryland. "I won a national title as a top assistant coach to Gary Williams. For 13 years I spent on Tobacco Road. I coached a couple of No. 1 picks in the draft. And we scored 48 points. That's the problem that Loyola basketball had today." (implying that his team's offense cost them the game, not their defense).
Siena Saints.
After nine seasons at Loyola, Patsos agreed to replace Mitch Buonaguro in a similar capacity at Siena on April 2, 2013.
2013-2014.
On November 19, 2013 Patsos recorded his first win at Siena a 72–70 triumph over St. Bonaventure at the Times Union Center. 
In his first season at the helm, Patsos guided the Saints to their first winning season since 2010 as the program capped off a 20-18 year which ended in a CBI championship. The title was the program's second ever national postseason championship (1950 National Catholic Invitational). After starting the season 7-12 Siena finished the regular season strongly with an 11-9 conference record and fifth place finish before losing in the MAAC Quarterfinals to Canisius 71-65. 
The Saints were selected to play in College Basketball Invitational. Siena defeated Stony Brook 66-55 in the first round. The Saints then won a thriller beating Penn State from the Big 10 conference 54-52 in the Quarterfinals. After a 61-49 win over Illinois State in the semifinals; Siena defeated Fresno State in the best-of-three CBI championship series. Siena won game one on the road 61-57 after rallying from 12 down in the second half. The Bulldogs would tie the series before the Saints would clinch the title with an 81-68 victory in game three. Siena finished the season winning nine of their final 11 games. 
On June 18th Patsos agreed to a contract extension that will take him through the 2018-2019 at Siena. 
Controversies.
On November 19, 2008 Jimmy Patsos became one of the only coaches ever to coach from the stands during his teams game in an attempt to avoid being ejected by the referees.
On November 25, 2008 Patsos was roundly criticized for appearing to prefer holding Davidson player Stephen Curry scoreless over winning the basketball game by double-teaming Curry while he stood in the corner while Davidson played 4 on 3 against the remaining players. In his post-game press-conference, Patsos justified his strategy by stating that “We had to play against an NBA player tonight. Anybody else ever hold him scoreless? I’m a history major. They’re going to remember that we held him scoreless or we lost by 30?”
Personal life.
His sister, Terri Stanley is the host and producer of Style Boston and his brother, Chris, owns the Newport Gulls a premier summer college baseball team.
Patsos has eclectic taste including being an avid fan of The Grateful Dead.
In 2011 he married his wife Michele.

</doc>
<doc id="9878288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878288" title="Equality Colony">
Equality Colony

Equality Colony was a United States socialist colony founded in Skagit County, Washington by a political organization known as the Brotherhood of the Co-operative Commonwealth in the year 1897. It was meant to serve as a model which would convert the rest of Washington and later the entire United States to socialism.
Brotherhood of the Co-operative Commonwealth.
The colony's origins lay in ideas of New England reformers in the mid-1890s. Norman Wallace Lermond, a journalist and farmer in Warren, Maine, and Ed Pelton had been intrigued by an idea originally suggested by Socialist Labor Party member F.G.R. Gordon that a series of socialist colonies be established in a single western state. (Gordan suggested Texas.)
Lermond and Pelton started a vigorous letter-writing campaign to notable reformers such as Henry Demarest Lloyd advocating the plan and suggesting that the socialist colonists would be able to initiate the collective ownership of the means of production in the state by voting in a socialist government. Lermond envisioned an organization of many local unions ("L.U.s") that would provide the colonists with financial, material, and moral support, coordinated by a national "center or union" controlled by seven trustees. His immediate model was the New England Emigrant Aid Company, which colonized Kansas with abolitionists prior to the U.S. Civil War in order to make the territory a free state. Lloyd gave the plan modest financial backing 
Lermond started the first local union in Warren on October 18, 1895, and Pelton established the second in Damariscotta Mills, Maine that winter. In December 1895, Lermond issued a call for the creation of more local unions in the pages of the New York "Commonwealth" and the "Coming Nation". In the spring of that year he announced he was setting up an "organizational meeting" to create a "National Union of the Brotherhood of the Co-operative Commonwealth" scheduled to be held in St. Louis on July 24–26, 1896, congruent with that year's Populist party national convention, to which he was a delegate. A formal "call" for this convention was published in "Coming Nation" July 11 and 18, and was endorsed by Henry Demarest Lloyd, Eugene Debs, Frank Parsons, William D. P. Bliss and Eltweed Pomeroy.
This convention, however, did not materialize. Lermond could not get away from the Populist convention, and Imogene Fales attended a National Co-operative Congress that created a new American Co-operative union with her as secretary. The Brotherhood of the Co-operative Commonwealth was officially organized through a mail referendum conducted through the "Coming Nation", which was quickly becoming the movement's semi-official newspaper. On September 19, the "Coming Nation" announced the adoption of a constitution and the election of seven officers: Lloyd as president, Lermond as secretary, B. Franklin Hunter as treasurer, Frank Parsons dean, Morrison I. Swift organizer, I. E. Dean master workman and A. S. Edwards, of the "Coming Nation" editor.
The constitution's preamble committed the organization to three broad goals: "1. To educate the people in the principles of Socialism; 2. To unite all socialists in one fraternal association; 3. To establish co-operative colonies and industries in one state until that state is socialized." Each of the eight elected trustees would head a department of the organization. The president would theoretically head an executive department to generally supervise the group, but the most important position was secretary, which would head the colonization department charged with planting socialistic colonies. There were also departments for education (headed by the dean), organization, which would create new local unions, exchange, industry (headed by the Master Workman) and finance.
Not all of these positions were filled, however. Lloyd and Hunter declined their positions, and the post of distributor was apparently unfilled. In new elections held in January 1897, Myron Reed was elected president and Eugene Victor Debs national organizer. However, Debs' conception of what the colonization scheme meant was different. He had envisioned it as an outlet for the blacklisted and unemployed members of the American Railway Union.
Meanwhile, Victor Berger and his group were urging him to create a new socialist political party, committed to political action and not colonization. Lermond, Parsons and Reed attended the June 1897 convention of the ARU which created the Social Democracy of America, but the BCC did not join the new organization, rejecting its "class struggle" thesis with a vision of a colony that would include middle-class professionals and "everybody who believes in co-operation" and not just "the laboring classes so called". Weakened by the loss of Debs and the defection of some of its membership to the new SDA, the BCC set out to start its first colony.
Equality colony.
By mid-1897 the BCC had about 2200 members in 130 local unions. After short tours in Tennessee and Arkansas, Lermond announced that August that Washington would be the most likely state for colonization. The southern states were already well settled and faced the "Negro question", while Washington had a small, sparse population with liberal inclinations and a Populist governor who was rumored to be sympathetic to the BCC. There were also a number of local unions already in the state, seven of which had sites available.
On September 1, 1897 Ed Pelton left Maine for the Pacific Northwest to secure land for the colony. After visiting several sites, on October 15 he made a down payment of $100 to Mathias Decker, a conservative Skagit County farmer, for of land located 2 miles northwest of the hamlet of Edison. Additional purchases and contributions were made until the colony reached an area of by the summer of 1898.
The first fifteen settlers arrived on November 1, 1897 and named the colony "Equality" after Edward Bellamy's new book. By the time that the national board, their families and others arrived in March, the first building, Fort Bellamy, was finished and several others were in progress. However most members of the BCC board stayed in nearby Edison, where they leased a "national headquarters" for the brotherhood. By that summer membership had reached 3,000 members and 18 states had organizers. Through the organization department and the group's newspaper, "Industrial Freedom" (which began in May), the Brotherhood maintained its "national character".
However, dissension developed between the colonists at Equality and the BCC leaders at Edison. The colonists resented that their money was being used to keep the administration in town, while they lived in the crude, unfinished buildings at the colony site. They also objected to the administration's emphasis on the creation of a national organization and other colonies, feeling that the more immediate goal should be the completion of Equality. In early April, at a contentious meeting of the two factions, a plan to start an additional colony at Edison of the administrators was defeated and the Equality colonists proposed an amendment giving the colony complete independence in internal affairs, which passed by a vote of 298 to 176.
That August Lermond resigned from the BCC and returned to Maine, where he founded a new group, the Industrial Brotherhood. By the end of the year, most of the board members had left. In January 1899, a new slate of officers favored by the colonists was elected, and that February BCC headquarters was moved to Equality. From that point membership in the BCC fell to nearly 300, material support and new members from the outside dried up and "Industrial Freedom" circulation plummeted. The Brotherhood of the Co-operative Commonwealth as an organization was subsumed by Equality. While lip service was given to the idea of planting new colonies and socializing Washington for the next few years little was actually done toward those objectives and were eventually forgotten.
The colony flourished for a few years, building two large apartments, a barn, a dining room and kitchen, a school house, a public hall, a store room, a printing office, a saw mill, a root house, a blacksmith and copper shop, an apiary, a bakery, a cereal and coffee house, and a milk house. Its population fluctuated, but was about 100 by the spring of 1903, when only the "die hards" remained. Harry Ault, who would later play a role in the Seattle general strike of 1919 as editor as the "Seattle Union Record," arrived with his family at age 14 in April 1898 and began to learn journalism and printing by working on "Industrial Freedom". He eventually became its editor, until the publication folded in December 1902. He also started "Young Socialist" in 1899 for the colony's children.
In 1900 and 1901 some colonists left Equality to found a new community on Whidbey Island called the Free Land Association, or Freeland. This colony should not be confused with Equality in its later stages which was sometimes referred to as Freeland Colony.
Freeland.
In autumn 1904 the colony was visited by Alexander Horr, a proponent of Theodor Hertzkas "Freeland" concept. He returned next year with more of his followers and soon the colonys' population grew by 30%. By the summer of 1905 Horr was able to change the BCCs constitution drastically to adhere to the Freeland concept. A new "local union" was established in New York, and five others in the near vicinity. The changes were not appreciated by the colony's older residents who started to resist the conversion of the colony to the new scheme in late 1905 and the colony became bitterly divided between the two factions, sometimes resulting in violence.
The final factor in the demise of the colony occurred February 6, 1906, when an unknown person or group of people set fire to several buildings at night. The worst loss was the barn, which burned completely to the ground, killing most of the colony's cattle. The perpetrator was never identified, but each factions blamed the other for the arson. The colonists voted to dissolve the colony and the BCC went into receivership; its history ended when its land was sold for 12,500 dollars to John J. Peth on June 1, 1907. A few families stayed in the area on plots of land that they owned individually.

</doc>
<doc id="9878309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878309" title="Mark Phillips (footballer)">
Mark Phillips (footballer)

Mark Ian Phillips (born 2 September 1982, Lambeth) is a professional footballer who plays for AFC Wimbledon.
Career.
Phillips was signed as a youth player for Millwall in July 2000, and first appeared with the senior team in September 2001. He suffered from frequent injuries and notched up just 67 league appearances during his seven years at Millwall. He was released at the end of the 2007–08 season.
Phillips signed a one-year deal for Brentford on 14 August 2008, after a successful trial spell and played regularly for the first team following James Wilson's loan had expired. He ended up being an important member of the Brentford League Two winners squad and consequently was offered a new contract at the conclusion of the 2008–09 season.
He was released by Brentford on 11 May 2010, along with three other players.
Phillips trialled with League Two side Southend United in July 2010. On 31 July, Phillips signed a pre-contract agreement for Southend United. On 4 August 2010, Southend's transfer embargo was lifted and Phillips signed a two-year contract.
Phillips started Southend's first game of the season against Stockport County on 7 August 2010 and on 14 August 2010 against Aldershot Town. Since then Phillips has been plagued by groin injuries which required surgery. In January 2011 Phillips returned to full training.
In 2011–12, Phillips regained his place in the starting 11 for Southend, and formed a solid partnership at centre back with club captain Chris Barker. Despite a few small injuries, Phillips has remained a permanent fixture in the Blues back four, and was named captain for the abandoned game against Aldershot on Boxing Day 2011. At the end of the 2011–12 season, Phillips was named Player of the year down to his frequent strong performances.
On 27 March 2014, Phillips joined Conference side Aldershot Town on loan for the remainder of the 2013–14 season.
On 23 June 2014, Phillips joined AFC Wimbledon on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="9878315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878315" title="Route nationale 22">
Route nationale 22

The Route nationale 22 (RN22) is a highway in southern France, connecting l'Hospitalet-près-l'Andorre to Pas de la Casa in the Principality of Andorra. On the French side of the border at Pas de la Casa, the RN22 also connects to the Envalira Tunnel (Catalan: Túnel d'Envalira), which is an alternative route into Andorra avoiding the Envalira Pass (Catalan: Port d'Envalira).
The road is a branch of the N20, and runs parallel to the RN320 which crosses "Col de Puymorens". The roads follow the same route for a few kilometers.
This road has only been called the RN22 since 1975 when there was a general downgrading of the road network, before which it was called the NR20b. Formerly, RN22 was a section of the current trunk road N11 between Mauzé-sur-le-Mignon with the La Rochelle and a section in La Rochelle to the Port de la Pallice and the landing stage of the ferry to the L'île de Ré.
In winter, avalanches sometimes close the continuation of the road below "Col de Puymorens" — the N20.

</doc>
<doc id="9878322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878322" title="Tom Banks (American football)">
Tom Banks (American football)

Thomas Banks (born August 20, 1948 in Birmingham, Alabama) is a former American football center who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals. He later played with the Birmingham Stallions of the United States Football League in 1983 and 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9878334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878334" title="Schwarzgrätli">
Schwarzgrätli

Schwarzgrätli is a mountain ridge near to the village of Kandersteg in Switzerland. It stands at 2383 metres above sea level and has a signpost along with a fantastic view.
Prior to walking this ridge there is another ridge around 2 feet wide with a sheer rock face up to the right and an 800-metre drop to the left with only a steel cable to hold onto.

</doc>
<doc id="9878342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878342" title="Sun Channel">
Sun Channel

Sun Channel Tourism Television is a cable channel based in Venezuela. It specializes in tourism and traveling, similar to channels like Travel Channel and Discovery Travel and Living Latin America. 
Sun Channel Tourism Television, is a Venezuelan cable television network. Its programming is oriented to entertain and inform TV viewers by offering different options about choosing a traveling destiny across Latin America and the rest of the world. The programming content includes themes related with traveling and tourism: destination, gastronomy, culture, history, entertaining, sports, shopping and adventure, are among of the subjects that can be enjoyed by the Sun Channels programming.
Abroad.
Sun Channel Tourism Television can be viewed in almost all American continents and in some European countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9878346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878346" title="Kabinettskriege">
Kabinettskriege

Kabinettskriege (English: "Cabinet Wars", singular "Kabinettskrieg") is the German expression referring to the type of wars which affected Europe during the period of absolute monarchies, from the 1648 Peace of Westphalia to the 1789 French Revolution. It is also known as "war between princes." Such wars involved small armies, noble officer corps, limited war goals, and frequently changing coalitions among the belligerents. 
The terms of "Kabinettskriege" plays on "Kabinettsregierung" (Cabinet government), "Kabinettsjustiz" (Cabinet law), etc. In contrast with precedent wars of religions, and 20th century total wars or revolutionary people's war, "cabinet wars" had limited goals. Clausewitz theorized this in "On War" by stating that "war was the continuation of politics by other means," thus placing the military under civilian control.
The Thirty Years' War, based on religious conflict, had been marked by wild plunders and marauding armies. Order was reestablished by the 1648 Treaty of Westphalia, which formulated the rules of international relations for the next centuries, in particular respective to the laws of war ("jus ad bello" and "jus in bellum"). During the Age of Enlightenment and under the direction of the "enlightened despots," wars became more regulated, although the civilian population was still a current victim of mercenaries. Such scenes as the 1572 St. Bartholomew's Day massacre became exceptional. Thus, Berlin was not plundered during the Seven Years' War of 1756-1762, despite having fallen into enemy hands not once but twice.
Cabinet wars, which mostly took place between 1650 and 1792, included the:
The invention of the "levée en masse" (mass conscription) during the French Revolution put an end to cabinet wars. Further wars were not simply due to conflict between princes, but involved nationalism and conflicts over the boundaries of nation-states. Thus, the Peninsular War was called by Spanish the "independence war"; this conflict also led to the first guerrilla warfare, against the regular Napoleonic army. The Crimean War (1854-1856) could be classified, however, among the "cabinet wars," as it was conducted with limited goals and released only moderate passions from the people of the involved belligerent states.

</doc>
<doc id="9878366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878366" title="Christy Doyle">
Christy Doyle

Christy Doyle was an Irish footballer who played for Shelbourne FC from 1957-1961, scoring 36 goals in 60 League of Ireland appearances.
Doyle helped Shelbourne to their FAI Cup victory in 1960 as they defeated Cork Hibernians 2-0 in the final at Dalymount Park.
Doyle won two caps for the Republic of Ireland B national football team scoring on both appearances (against Iceland and South Africa) and won a single cap for the senior team against Czechoslovakia. He also won two inter-league caps against the Irish League (scoring) and the English Football League.
He was the nephew of Jimmy Dunne.

</doc>
<doc id="9878372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878372" title="Login">
Login

In computer security, a login or logon refers to the credentials required to obtain access to a computer system or other restricted area. Logging in or on and signing in or on is the process by which individual access to a computer system is controlled by identifying and authenticating the user through the credentials presented by the user.
Once a user has logged in, they can then log out or log off when access is no longer needed. To "log out" is to close off one's access to a computer system after having previously logged in.
Procedure.
Logging in is usually used to enter a specific page, which trespassers cannot see. Once the user is logged in, the login token may be used to track what actions the user has taken while connected to the site. Logging out may be performed explicitly by the user taking some actions, such as entering the appropriate command, or clicking a website link labelled as such. It can also be done implicitly, such as by the user powering off his or her workstation, closing a web browser window, leaving a website, or not refreshing a webpage within a defined period.
In the case of web sites that use cookies to track sessions, when the user logs out, session-only cookies from that site will usually be deleted from the user's computer. In addition, the server invalidates any associations with the session, making any session-handle in the user's cookie store useless. This feature comes in handy if the user is using a public computer or a computer that is using a public wireless connection. As a security precaution, one should not rely on implicit means of logging out of a system, especially not on a public computer, instead one should explicitly log out and wait for the confirmation that this request has taken place.
Logging out of a computer when leaving it is a common security practice, preventing unauthorized users from tampering with it. There are also people who choose to have a password-protected screensaver set to activate after some period of inactivity, requiring the user to re-enter his or her login credentials to unlock the screensaver and gain access to the system. There can be different methods of logging in that may be via image, fingerprints, eye scan, password (oral or textual input), etc.
Etymology.
The noun "login" comes from the verb "(to) log in", which was formed by analogy with the verb "to clock in". The expressions may also have a more literal origin — computer systems tend to keep a record, called a "log", of users' access to the system; hence, to log in is to prompt an entry into the system's log by accessing the system. Signing in connotes the same idea, in that providing the credential that authenticates a user's right to entry is akin to a signature.
The terms began to enter common usage among computer users with the origin of the computer Bulletin Board System (BBS) in the 1970s.
References.
It was those days when I was in school. I had my summer vacations, the best time of the year when we travel to a new place. This time we were going to visit Pipliya a remote village in Madhya Pradesh for meeting Nanaji.
After we reached there my Nanaji planned to take me somewhere early next morning as they had some surprises planned for me.
We woke up at 5 in the morning. It was dawn time. The Sun was still below the horizon, birds were chirping as if welcoming the Sun. We have to get to the top of that hill which appears at the other side of the ground, affirmed he.
I was gasping for air as the path to the top was not easy and it took all my stamina to even stand still. Come on my boy we have almost made it, exclaimed he. I could see a 60 year old standing at the top and motivating a 14 year young champ to take those remaining steps. That day it was very much clear , why my Nani used to say that people in villages have tremendous stamina and that it was all because they loved nature and were very close to it in all aspects.
When I reached top I was completely tired and out of my senses, but suddenly a gust of cool breeze touched my face, blowing my hair. What I saw next was phenomenal, tiny extravagant shades of orange and pink appeared in the sky. Shortly after a fiery ball enhancement started to make it’s way beyond the mountain ranges at a distance. Sky was filled with colours of unexplainable magnificence that had no known name. I felt like I am on top of the world with nature charming me with all its elements.
http://www.elle.com/beauty/makeup-skin-care/2010-perfume-guide

</doc>
<doc id="9878385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878385" title="Ralph Ingersoll (PM publisher)">
Ralph Ingersoll (PM publisher)

Ralph McAllister Ingersoll (December 8, 1900, New Haven, Connecticut – March 8, 1985, Miami Beach, Florida) was an American writer, editor, and publisher. He is best known as founder and publisher of the short-lived 1940s New York City left-wing daily newspaper that refused to accept advertising "PM".
Ingersoll went to Hotchkiss School, graduated from Yale University's Sheffield Scientific School and became a mining engineer in California, Arizona and Mexico. In 1923 he went to New York with the intention of becoming a writer.
He worked as a reporter for the "New York American" from 1923 to 1925, and then joined the "The New Yorker" where he was managing editor from 1925 to 1930. He had been hired by the "New Yorker" founder and editor Harold Ross a few months after the magazine commenced publication; Ross inadvertently spilled an inkwell on Ingersoll's new light suit (various sources claim it was either white or pale gray) during the job interview, then, in embarrassment, offered him the job. As Ingersoll left his office, he heard Ross mumble to his secretary: "Jesus Christ, I hire anybody." According to his biographer, Roy Hoopes, Ingersoll "was one of the original guiding spirits of "The New Yorker". He held it together during its first five years."
In 1930 Ingersoll went to Time Inc. as managing editor of Time-Life publications, and devised the formula of business magazine "Fortune", eventually becoming general manager of the company. One of his most important assignments at "Fortune" was a detailed history of "The New Yorker" and its business. The scrutiny that Ingersoll gave his former "New Yorker" boss Harold Ross and his employees, which included mention of their foibles and salaries, initiated a feud between "Time" and "Fortune" publisher Henry Luce and culminated in a famed profile by Ross of Luce by Wolcott Gibbs that ran in "The New Yorker" in 1936, which lampooned both Luce and "Timestyle", the inverted writing style for which "Time" was (in)famous. Luce retaliated by having caricaturist Al Hirschfeld draw an image of Joseph Stalin over a picture of Ross.
"PM" started on June 18, 1940 with $1.5 million of capital, a fraction of the $10 million that Ingersoll initially sought. Unlike in usual U.S. practice, "PM" ran no advertising, and editorials did not appear every day; when they did, they were signed by an individual, initially Ingersoll himself, instead of anonymously coming from the paper itself. Sometimes these editorials took over the front page. His first editorial took a forthright stand on World War II which was already under way in Europe: "We are against people who push other people around," he wrote, demanding material U.S. support for the nations opposing Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy.
The papers' first year was an overall success, although the paper was in some financial trouble: its circulation of 100,000–200,000 was insufficient. Marshall Field III had become the paper's funder; quite unusually, he was a "silent partner" in this continually money-losing undertaking.
The 41-year-old Ingersoll was drafted into the military; when he returned after the war, he found a paper that was less lively and well-written than it had been under his leadership, and with the pro-communist and anti-communist liberals writing at cross purposes. The paper never quite recovered and ceased publication in 1948, an early victim of the Cold War (and of Field's increasing interest in the "Chicago Sun" rather than "PM").
Ingersoll later wrote numerous books about his service in World War II.
It has recently been suggested, based on research, that Ingersoll may have been the originator, chief advocate and mission planner of the tactical deception unit formed by the US Army during the war and deployed in the European Theater of Operations known formally as the 23rd Headquarters Special Troops and colloquially as the Ghost Army of World War II.
In the 1950s Ingersoll acquired and managed several newspapers. His company, founded in 1957, was taken over by his son Ralph M. Ingersoll Jr. in 1982 after he had bought his father out in a deal that left them no longer on speaking terms.

</doc>
<doc id="9878390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878390" title="Paradise Valley Unified School District">
Paradise Valley Unified School District

Paradise Valley Unified School District #69 (PVUSD) is a school district serving northeast Phoenix, Arizona and Scottsdale, Arizona. The district serves students in kindergarten through grade 12 with 31 elementary schools (free, full-day kindergarten through grade six), eight middle schools (grades seven and eight), and six high schools (grades nine through 12). The district offers a variety of education choice programs, including K-12 International Baccalaureate, Core Knowledge, S.T.E.M.G2 (science, technology, engineering, mathematics and global Geography), Digital Learning Center, fine arts, career & technical education, before- after-school programs, sports and extracurricular activities for all ages.
The district is located in 98-square miles of northeast Phoenix and a portion of north Scottsdale. This area extends from 7th Avenue to Pima Road and is generally bordered on the south by Northern Avenue and the north by Jomax Road. With 33,500 students, it is the seventh-largest school district in Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9878401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878401" title="Etymology of Karnataka">
Etymology of Karnataka

Karnataka is an Indian state. Several etymologies have been suggested for the name Karnataka. The region was popularly referred to as 'Karnata desa' in Indian history. However, historically, the names "Karnatak" or "Carnatic" have been misapplied to refer to the regions in or beyond the Western Ghats (Kodagu and Kerala) as well as to a region in present day Andhra Pradesh (Telangana). The other accepted derivative comes from the Kannada words "karu" and "nādu" meaning "elevated land", or from the Kannada words "kal" and "nādu" meaning "rock country", referring to the rocky terrain of the state. Another etymological derivative of the name comes from "lear" or "black"—a reference to the black cotton soil of the region. Mysore state was renamed "Karnataka" in 1973.
References from Hindu texts.
The earliest known references to "Karnataka" are found in the "Sabha Parva" and the "Bhishma Parva" of Mahabharata, an ancient Indian epic. The "Matsya Purana", "Skanda Purana", "Markandeya Purana" and the "Bhagavata Purana" also make references to the name "Karnata".
In Canto 5 - Chapter 6 of the "Bhagavata Purana", "Karnata" is mentioned while narrating the life of Rishabhadeva. It is said in the "Bhagavata" that the Lord in Rishabhadeva's form ended his "avatara" in the "Kutakachala" hill in "Karnata" province. Kutakchala is a hill in present day Karnataka near Kollur in the Western Ghats.
Historical references.
Scholars Pāṇini ( 520–460 BCE), Mrichchakatika and Kathasaritsagara make references to "Karnataka" in their ancient works. Later, in the 5th century CE, the term "Karnataka" was used by the astrologer Varaha Mihira in his work "Brihatkatha" and the Birur plates of Kadamba Vishnuvarma call Shantivarma "The master of the entire Karnataka region". In the 7th century CE, Rashtrakuta inscriptions refer to the armies of Chalukyas of Badami as "Karnatakabala". The Tamil classic "Silappatikaram" of the same time period calls the people of present day Karnataka region as "Karunatakars"..The Kalingathu parani, a war poem written by jayangkondar in Tamil Literature calls a people of a region called 'Karunatiyar'. In the 9th century CE, the Kannada classic "Kavirajamarga" hails the entire region between the rivers Kaveri and Godavari as "Karnata". In the 13th century CE, Kannada poet Andayya's works use the same terminology. In the late 16th century, a Telugu work "Vasucharitamu" refers to Tirumala Deva Raya (1570 CE), the first of the Aravidu (Aravithi) line of rulers of the late Vijayanagar Empire as the reviver of the "Karnata Empire". All this clearly shows that the name "Karnataka" has been in usage consistently since ancient times.
alternate theories.
Karnataka's name may have originated from the two words "Kabbu Nadu", which means land of Sugarcane. This etymology might be possible as Karnataka is a huge Sugarcane-cultivating land.

</doc>
<doc id="9878402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878402" title="Data normalization">
Data normalization

Data normalization is the process of reducing data to its canonical form.
For instance, Database normalization is the process of organizing the fields and tables of a relational database to minimize redundancy and dependency. In the field of software security, a common vulnerability is unchecked malicious input. The mitigation for this problem is proper input validation. Before input validation may be performed, the input must be normalized, i.e., eliminating encoding (for instance HTML encoding) and reducing the input data to a single common character set.
Other forms of data, typically associated with signal processing (including audio and imaging), can be normalized in order to provide a limited range of values within a norm.

</doc>
<doc id="9878416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878416" title="Quail Springs Mall">
Quail Springs Mall

Quail Springs Mall is a super regional shopping mall and trade area located in far northern Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It contains four major department store anchors, a 24-screen AMC Theatre, and a total of 130 tenants comprising a total of approximately 1,128,000 square feet of gross leasable area. The mall is the focal point of a large area of recent residential and commercial development, and is located very close to one of Oklahoma City's most notoriously congested and difficult intersections, West Memorial Road and North Pennsylvania Avenue.
Architect William Pereira designed the original building. The mall underwent a multimillion-dollar renovation during 1998 that brought several exterior updates, completely redesigned the mall's interior style into an Oklahoma prairie theme, updated the lower-level food court to a 1950s drive-in design, plus added the 24-screen AMC Theatre adjacent to the food court.
The mall's anchor stores are Dillard's, JC Penney and Macy's. A fourth anchor, Sears was vacated in 2012, and is currently under construction to become a Von Maur (anchor store) in October, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9878428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878428" title="Tom Brahaney">
Tom Brahaney

Thomas Brahaney (born October 23, 1951) is a former American football center who played nine seasons in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals. 
He played college football at Oklahoma, where he was an All-American. Most notably in 1971 when he anchored the Sooners NCAA record breaking Wishbone offense that averaged over 472 yards per game and whose only loss was 35-31, to eventual national champion Nebraska in the Game of the Century. In 2007 he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9878430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878430" title="Francis Marmande">
Francis Marmande

Francis Marmande (born 1945) is a French author, musician and journalist for the French newspaper "Le Monde" since 1977. Marmande currently serves as the director of a modern literature laboratory ("Littérature au présent") at .
Marmande graduated in 1966 from the École Normale Supérieure in Saint-Cloud. A jazz critic, Marmande also plays double bass and has recorded with the Jac Berrocal Group. He was a contributor to "Jazz Magazine" from 1971 to 2000, which he also helped illustrate from 1976 to 1994.
Since 2006, he has had a regular column in "Le Monde", writing on topics such as jazz, bullfighting, and literature.

</doc>
<doc id="9878439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878439" title="Fort Dalles">
Fort Dalles

Fort Dalles was a United States Army outpost located on the Columbia River at the present site of The Dalles, Oregon, in the United States. Built when Oregon was a territory, the post was used mainly for dealing with wars with Native Americans. The post was first known as Camp Drum and then Fort Drum.
Construction.
In the fall of 1849 United States Army troops arrived in the new Oregon Territory. This Rifle Regiment established a military base at The Dalles on the Columbia River. Built in 1850, the log fort was constructed under the supervision of Major Tucker. Prior to the arrival of federal troops, the location had been used as a post by the militia of the Oregon Provisional Government under the command of Henry A. G. Lee during the Cayuse War and was named Fort Lee and Fort Wascopam. The post was built at the site of the former Wascopam Mission operated by the Methodist Mission.
New buildings were built from 1856 to 1858 under the direction of the commander Captain Thomas Jordan at a cost of nearly $500,000. In 1858, the log fort was torn down and a new fort was constructed under the command of Colonel George Wright. Wright was in command of the 9th Infantry. The site overlooked an encampment used by Lewis & Clark in October 1805.
Operations.
During the Yakima Wars Fort Dalles served as operational headquarters for the Army. The garrison had eight companies of troops assigned during this time. After these wars the post was downgraded to a quartermaster’s depot in 1861. A fire burned down the officer’s quarters in 1866. Fort Dalles was then abandoned in 1867.
Fort Dalles Museum.
The Fort Dalles Museum is located in the surgeon’s quarters built in 1856 during the Yakima Wars, and the only remaining officer's house from that period. Exhibits include arrowheads, military and pioneer artifacts, period antiques and photographs, tools, weapons, saddles, and information about the fort.
The Anderson Homestead includes the 1895 Anderson House, which is a Swedish log house, a granary and a barn. Tours are included with admission to the museum.
There is also a building housing antique horse-drawn wagons and carriages, early automobiles and other vehicles.
The Fort Dalles Surgeon's Quarters is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It is considered one of Oregon's finest examples of Gothic Revival architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="9878451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878451" title="House of Palatinate-Neumarkt">
House of Palatinate-Neumarkt

Palatinate-Neumarkt (German: Pfalz-Neumarkt) was a subdivision of the Wittelsbach dynasty of the German Palatinate. Its capital was Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz.
First creation.
This line divided after the death of Rupert of Germany in the year 1410 into four lines: Palatinate-Neumarkt, Palatinate-Simmern, Palatinate-Mosbach, and the electoral line with the capital in Heidelberg.
Palatinate-Neumarkt prospered under Rupert's son John (1383–1443). From his marriage with Catherine of Pomerania-Stolp, Christopher of Bavaria (1416–1448) was born, who governed the Kalmar union (Denmark, Sweden, and Norway). 
With Christopher's death, Palatinate-Neumarkt line expired, and its possessions fell to the line Palatinate-Mosbach, which became Palatinate-Mosbach-Neumarkt.
Second creation.
In 1524, a new apanage named Palatinate-Neumarkt was created for Wolfgang. When he died in 1558, it fell back to the Electoral Palatinate.

</doc>
<doc id="9878454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878454" title="Aaron Lemonick">
Aaron Lemonick

Aaron Lemonick (February 2, 1923 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – June 19, 2003 in Princeton, New Jersey) was a Princeton University physics professor and administrator who served as Dean of the Graduate School from 1969 to 1973, and as Dean of the Faculty from 1973 to 1989. Joseph Taylor, winner of the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physics, attributes his decision to study physics instead of mathematics to Lemonick's freshman physics course at Haverford. Princeton awarded him the President's Award for Distinguished Teaching when he retired in 1994, and he received an honorary degree in 2001.
Lemonick served in the Air Force during World War II, and later attended the University of Pennsylvania as an undergraduate. He began his association with Princeton as a graduate student in physics and received his Ph.D. in 1954. He taught at Haverford College and became chair of the physics department there in 1957, as well as working as a research collaborator at Brookhaven National Laboratory. He became a member of the Princeton faculty as an associate professor of physics in 1961.
Ruth Simmons, the current president of Brown, who worked under Lemonick as a Princeton administrator, cites him as one of the major influences on her career. He was also a force behind the foundation of Princeton's Women's Studies program, as well as its Molecular Biology department.

</doc>
<doc id="9878468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878468" title="Indira Gandhi Stadium">
Indira Gandhi Stadium

Indira Gandhi Stadium is located in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh and is also known as the Municipal Stadium. The stadium has hosted a solitary ODI Match between India and West Indies on November 24, 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="9878479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878479" title="Challenge Desgrange-Colombo">
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo

The Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was a season-long road bicycle racing competition between 1948 and 1958. Named after Henri Desgrange and Emilio Colombo, the competition was organised by the newspapers "L'Équipe", "La Gazzetta dello Sport", "Het Nieuwsblad-Sportwereld" and "Les Sports". It marked early co-operation between L'Équipe and La Gazzetta dello Sport which lasts to this day.
Riders' performances in the Tour de France, Giro d'Italia, Milan – San Remo, Paris–Roubaix, Tour of Flanders, La Flèche Wallonne, Paris–Brussels, Paris–Tours and the Giro di Lombardia counted towards the competition. The Tour de Suisse was added in 1949, Liège–Bastogne–Liège in 1951, the Vuelta a España in 1958.
The first winner was Belgian Alberic Schotte (winner of the 1948 Tour of Flanders and also World road race champion that year). The 1949 version was won by the Italian Fausto Coppi while 1950 went to the Swiss Ferdi Kubler and 1951 to Louison Bobet. Kubler won the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo three times (he added victories in 1952 and 1954) - a record equalled by Fred de Bruyne, who won from 1956 to 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9878486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878486" title="Freguesia (Jacarepaguá), Rio de Janeiro">
Freguesia (Jacarepaguá), Rio de Janeiro

Freguesia is a neighborhood in the West Zone of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In 2000, its estimated population was 54,010 inhabitants.
In the city of Rio, there is another quarter with the same name but located in Ilha do Governador administrative region. The neighborhood is considered a middle-class, and has lot of high classes villas.

</doc>
<doc id="9878503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878503" title="John Anderson, 3rd Viscount Waverley">
John Anderson, 3rd Viscount Waverley

John Desmond Anderson, 3rd Viscount Waverley (born 31 October 1949) is a British peer.
The son of the 2nd Viscount Waverley and his wife Lorna Ledgerwood, he was educated at Malvern College.
Lord Waverley was first married to Anne Suzette Davidson in 1969. He then married Ursula Helen Barrow in 1994
He succeeded to his father's titles in 1990. He is one of the ninety hereditary peers in the House of Lords elected to remain after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, sitting as a cross-bencher.
He takes a particular interest in the central Asian republics of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan, and works as a consultant to the Middle East Consolidated Contractors Company (CCC). He has been honoured with a Yoruba Chieftaincy in Nigeria and received State decorations from Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Colombia.
Lord Waverley has set up the website "Parliament Revealed", to explain the workings of the UK Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="9878505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878505" title="Mike Gent">
Mike Gent

Mike Gent (born September 17, 1971, New Jersey, United States) is an American songwriter, guitarist, and vocalist in The Figgs, which he has performed in since 1987. Gent also played with Graham Parker and Candy Butchers.

</doc>
<doc id="9878506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878506" title="Laurence Ginnell">
Laurence Ginnell

Laurence Ginnell (c. 9 April 1852 – 17 April 1923) was an Irish nationalist politician, lawyer and Member of Parliament (MP) of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party for Westmeath North at the 1906 UK general election, from 1910 he sat as an Independent Nationalist. At the 1918 general election he was elected for Sinn Féin.
Early life.
Ginnell was born in Delvin, County Westmeath in 1852. He was self-educated and was called to the Irish bar as well as the England bar. In his youth he was involved with the Land War and acted as private secretary to John Dillon.
The last great social and agrarian campaign of the home rule movement – the Ranch War (1906 and 1909), was largely led and organised by Ginnell from the central office of the United Irish League. Ginnell was elected an MP in 1906 and on 14 October of that year, launched the "war" at Downs, County Westmeath.
The purpose of the war was to bring relief to the large numbers of landless and smallholders, particularly in the West, who were relatively untouched by the Wyndham Land Purchase Act (1903) and by the larger policy of purchase. The strategy that Ginnell pursued was the Down's Policy, or cattle driving, a proceeding designed to harass the prosperous grazier interests, whose 'ranches' occupied large, under populated and under worked tracts. The 'Down's Policy' was also meant to draw public attention to the scandalous inequalities that survived in the Irish countryside. The conservatives within the Home rule leadership were understandably suspicious about the revival of agrarian disturbances, but the mood of the party organisation was hardening in the aftermath of a disappointing devolution bill in May 1907, from the new Liberal government, so that it seemed logical to turn to the traditional mechanism for reactivating the national question: agrarian agitation.
Ginnell's cattle-drives began to tail off after the summer of 1908, and the agitation was finally dissolved with the passage of a 1909 Act by the Liberal Chief Secretary Augustine Birrell that allowed the transfer to the Land Commission of farmland by compulsory purchase, which was hailed by the national movement as an historic victory. In reality, the Ranch War involved an implosion within sectors of the Irish Party, as its leadership had not facilitated the working of the Wyndham Land Purchase Act in the first place, because John Dillon and his like wanted conflict above victory.
In 1909 Ginnell was expelled from the Irish Parliamentary Party (IPP) for the offence of asking to see the party accounts, after which he sat as an Independent Nationalist. During this time he was addressed frequently as "The MP for Ireland. " In Westminster he was highly critical of the British Government for holding executions of certain participants in the Easter Rising of 1916. On 9 May he accused the British Prime Minister H. H. Asquith, of "Murder", and was forcibly ejected from the assembly. He visited many of the prisoners who were interned in various prisons in Wales and England and smuggled out correspondence for them.
Sinn Féin.
In 1917 he campaigned to try to ensure the election of Count Plunkett in the Roscommon North by-election in which he defeated the IPP candidate on an abstentionist platform. Following the victory of Éamon de Valera in East Clare, while standing for Sinn Féin, on 10 July 1917, Ginnell resigned his seat in the House of Commons and joined Sinn Féin. At the Sinn Féin Ard Fheis that year, at which the party was re-constituted as a Republican party with de Valera as President, Ginnell and W. T. Cosgrave were elected Honorary Treasurers. In the 1918 general election, he was elected as a Sinn Féin MP for the Westmeath constituency, comfortably defeating his IPP challenger, and attended the proceedings of the First Dáil. He and James O'Mara were the only TDs ever before to sit in a parliament. He was one of the few people to have served in the House of Commons and in the Oireachtas. Ginnell was appointed Director of Propaganda in the Second Ministry of the Irish Republic.
After spending a year as a Republican campaigner in Chicago, he was appointed the Representative of the Irish Republic in Argentina and South America by de Valera. He carried out his propaganda work here to distribute copies of the Irish Bulletin and to provide the Sinn Féin version of the conflict during the War of Independence. On 16 August 1921 he returned home to attend the first meeting of the Second Dáil. He travelled back to Argentina some months later to serve as the Representative of the Republic there.
Anti-Treaty opinion.
He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty that was ratified by the Dáil in January 1922, and was elected as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election on the eve of the Irish Civil War.
On 9 September 1922, Ginnell was the only anti-Treaty TD to attend the inaugural meeting of the Provisional Parliament or Third Dáil. Before signing the roll Ginnell said: ""I want some explanation before I sign. I have been elected in pursuance of a decree by Dáil Éireann, which decree embodies the decree of 20 May 1922. I have heard nothing read in reference to that decree, nothing but an Act of a foreign Parliament. I have been elected as a member of Dáil Éireann. I have not been elected to attend any such Parliament. Will anyone tell me with authority whether it is …"". He was at this point interrupted but resumed saying he would sign the roll and take his seat in the Assembly if the Assembly was Dáil Éireann. He was informed he was not allowed raise any such question until a Ceann Comhairle had been elected. He continued to ask questions regardless to which he got no answer including his question: ""Will any member of the Six Counties be allowed to sit in this Dáil?"". W. T. Cosgrave moved at this point that he be excluded from the House, Ginnell protested, and he was dragged out by force. His lawyerly sophistry was not appreciated, given that hundreds of people had already been killed in the civil war.
De Valera later appointed him a member of his "Council of State", a 12 member body set up to advise him on the deteriorating situation in the civil war.
He returned to the United States soon after this to serve as the Republic's envoy in the country. He ordered Robert Briscoe and some of his friends to take possession of the Consular Offices in Nassau Street in New York City, then in the hands of the Free State Government, so as to obtain the list of the subscribers to the bond drive in the United States to help the struggle in the War of Independence. At the time a court case was ongoing to decide on who had the right to the funds, the newly installed Provisional Government or de Valera, as one of the three trustees and those who opposed the Treaty. Laurence Ginnell died in the United States on 17 April 1923 aged 71 years, still campaigning against the Anglo-Irish Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="9878518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878518" title="Faneromeni School">
Faneromeni School

Faneromeni School (Greek: Παρθεναγωγείο Φανερωμένης, Turkish: Faneromeni Okulu), founded by Archbishop Makarios I in 1857, was the first all-girls school in Cyprus.
The founder of the School, Archbishop Makarios I, was instrumental in the establishment of many other schools throughout the island of Cyprus in order to combat illiteracy. 
The School is located in the historical Faneromeni Square, situated in the centre of the capital and within the Venetian medieval walls of Nicosia. 
The School building features predominantly Greek neoclassical architectural traits, as well as, local Cypriot elements.
The Marble Mausoleum on the eastern side of Faneromeni Church is situated on the front of the building and was built in memory of four clerics executed by the Ottoman governor in 1821, following the Cypriot revolt due to the newly declared Greek War of Independence.
Today it is a co-ed school and the same building houses a nursery, primary and high schools. IN 2014 it was announced that the building will be leased to house the University of Cyprus' school of Architecture. 
History.
The school was founded in 1852 after many efforts from the Greek Orthodox Church and especially the Faneromeni church which is situated right in front of the school. Primarily it was used as “parthenagogeio” which means a Girls Only School (G.O.S.). The school had 115 students but only one teacher. The only way she could teach all these children was by using the help of older children as teachers-assistants for the younger ones. 
As from 1903 Faneromeni School was also used for the training of the female teachers. The school took its΄ present form in 1924 with financial assistance from the Faneromeni Church. Nowadays the school is a public school for boys and girls. Within the same building there is a nursery school, a primary school and a high school.

</doc>
<doc id="9878520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878520" title="Chang Yu-sheng">
Chang Yu-sheng

Chang Yu-sheng (; June 7, 1966 - November 12, 1997) was a Taiwanese male pop singer, as well as a composer and producer. His major accomplishment as a producer may have been the pop singer A-mei. While driving fatigued on October 21, 1997, he was fatally injured in a car accident and fell into a coma. He never regained consciousness and died on November 12 at the age of 31 after weeks of hospitalization.
He is known for his high vocals, capable of hitting notes such as the A above high C(A5) and the D# above Soprano C(D#6). without using falsetto. His lowest note is the E below the E below middle C (E2.)
Discography.
2007.11.12 ：the unpublished DEMOs and Best Hits of his life as a pop-singer:《如燕盘旋而来的思念》

</doc>
<doc id="9878529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878529" title="John Carmichael-Anstruther">
John Carmichael-Anstruther

John Carmichael-Anstruther may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9878542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878542" title="John Zook">
John Zook

John Eldon Zook (born September 24, 1947 in Garden City, Kansas). Attended and played high school football at Larned, Kansas. He was a defensive end who played 12 seasons in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Atlanta Falcons. Zook played college football for the University of Kansas.
Zook was a three-year letterman, was picked twice for all-conference honors, anchoring one of the top defensive units ever taking the field at KU. He was an honorable mention All-American in 1967 and was a consensus All-America honors as the Jayhawks' defensive standout on the 1968 Orange Bowl-bound team, the year KU was named No. 6 by the Associated Press. Zook had 202 total tackles during his career, putting him at No. 4 on KU's all-time defensive line list. KU Coach Pepper Rodgers said Zook "never played but full speed from snap one to snap hundred. He was the most full-speed player on every snap that you could imagine." He was also chosen the KU All-Time team by the Lawrence Journal-World.
Zook was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the 4th round (99th overall) of the 1969 NFL Draft. He was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles and then by the Eagles to the Atlanta Falcons, where began his NFL career in 1969. Zook played 144 games in the NFL and was a Second-team All-Pro selection in 1973. He had been a Second-team All-NFC selection in 1972 and 1973 and was voted to the 1973 Pro Bowl. Zook was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals in 1976 and finished his career there.

</doc>
<doc id="9878549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878549" title="Asteriidae">
Asteriidae

The Asteriidae are a family of Asteroidea (sea stars) in the order Forcipulatida.
Genera.
The World Register of Marine Species lists these genera within the family Asteriidae:

</doc>
<doc id="9878560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878560" title="Factual relativism">
Factual relativism

Factual relativism or epistemic relativism is a mode of reasoning that extends relativism and subjectivism to factual matter and reason. In factual relativism the facts used to establish the truth or falsehood of any statement are understood to be relative to the perspective of those proving or falsifying the proposition.
Viewpoints.
One school of thought compares scientific knowledge to the mythology of other cultures, arguing that it is merely our society's set of myths based on our society's assumptions. For support, Paul Feyerabend's comments in "Against Method" that "The similarities between science and myth are indeed astonishing" and "First-world science is one science among many" (from the introduction to the Chinese edition) are sometimes cited, although it is not clear if Feyerabend meant them to be taken entirely seriously.
The Strong program in the sociology of science is (in the words of founder David Bloor) "impartial with respect to truth and falsity". Elsewhere, Bloor and Barry Barnes have said "For the relativist as us there is no sense attached to the idea that some standards or beliefs are really rational as distinct from merely locally accepted as such." In France, Bruno Latour has claimed that "Since the settlement of a controversy is the "cause" of Nature's representation, not the consequence, we can never use the outcome – Nature – to explain how and why a controversy has been settled."
Yves Winkin, a Belgian professor of communications, responded to a popular trial in which two witnesses gave contradicting testimony by telling the newspaper "Le Soir" that "There is no transcendent truth. [...] It is not surprising that these two people, representing two very different professional universes, should each set forth a different truth. Having said that, I think that, in this context of public responsibility, the commission can only proceed as it does."
The philosopher of science Gérard Fourez wrote in that "What one generally calls a fact is an interpretation of a situation that no one, at least for the moment, wants to call into question."
British archaeologist Roger Anyon told the "New York Times" that "science is just one of many ways of knowing the world... The Zuni's world view is just as valid as the archeological viewpoint of what prehistory is about." 
Critics.
This view has been criticized by many analytic philosophers and scientists. However recently cosmologist Stephen Hawking in "The Grand Design" has advocated model-dependent realism, which bears close resemblance to a relativist position, as a means of reconciling apparent inconsistencies between different iterations of M-Theory.
Larry Laudan's book "Science and Relativism" outlines the various philosophical points of view on the subject in the form of a dialogue.

</doc>
<doc id="9878563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878563" title="Türkiyemspor Berlin">
Türkiyemspor Berlin

Türkiyemspor Berlin is German association football club from Berlin. The club began in 1978 as a loose association of young footballers playing recreationally as "Kreuzberg Gençler Birliği" (Kreuzberg Youth Union), named after the Berlin district of Kreuzberg. The club was formally registered as "BFC İzmirspor" in 1983 and was named for the city of İzmir, Turkey where many of the club members had roots.
History.
In its first season of play in 1983–84 in the C-class amateur league the team captured the division title and they continued to enjoy other successes that would lead to their promotion to fourth division play in the Landesliga Berlin in 1986, followed immediately by a climb into the third division Amateur Oberliga Berlin the next season. Small businesses within the Turkish immigrant community in Berlin have played an important role in supporting the club throughout its history and in 1987 the team changed its name, becoming "Türkiyemspor Berlin" in order to broaden its appeal.
The club would field competitive sides in the third division (known variously as the Amateur Oberliga Berlin, the Amateur Oberliga Nordost-Mitte, and Regionalliga Nordost through this period) from the late 80s and on into the mid-90s. They also captured three consecutive Paul Rusch Cups (today's Berlin Cup) from 1989 to 1991 while making cup final appearances in 1988, 1993, and 1995. Those wins put them into DFB-Pokal competition: they were put out in the first round in each of their first two appearances and advanced only as far as the second round in the 1991–92 tournament.
The club suffered a devastating blow in the 1990–91 season when they missed an opportunity for promotion to the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga when they were sanctioned for the use of an ineligible player. The club was leading its division in a close race with Tennis Borussia Berlin when an arbitrator ruled that the transfer to Türkiyemspor of player Piotr Podkowik was illegal under league rules. Prior to this the BFV (Berliner Fußball-Verband or Berlin Football Federation) had approved the use of the player by the club. The president of the federation apologized, indicating that the league had made a mistake and that the club was blameless. By the time the unexpected decision had come down, Podkowik had already appeared in seven matches with the team and they were ordered to replay three of these games. The division title came down to the final game of the season against TeBe with Türkiyemspor needing only a draw to advance: instead they went down to a stinging 0–5 defeat and so failed to advance. Since then the team has seen a dramatic decline in the number of spectators attending their matches.
By the mid-90s the team found itself overmatched and slipped to fourth tier play in the Amateur Oberliga Nordost-Nord after a last place finish in 1995. Türkiyemspor fell to the Verbandsliga Berlin (V) in 1998 and spent two seasons there before returning to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV) on the strength of a division championship in 2000. They continue to compete at this level, earning uneven results at or just below the mid-table. They finished NOFV-Oberliga Nord as 3rd in 2007–08 season and became one of the North Group of Regionalliga founders. They finished 15th Regionalliga in 2008–09 season and normally relegated to Oberliga Nord. However, they remained in Regionalliga after Kickers Emden's forced relegation from 3. Liga to the Oberliga due to financial problems.
The club went into administration in December 2011 and withdrew their first team from the 2011–12 NOFV-Oberliga a month later.
Impact of the club on German football.
Türkiyemspor is recognised as being among the most successful clubs spawned within Germany's immigrant communities. They have contributed to creating a positive image for their community and helped set a confident example for Turks in the country with many other ethnically-Turkish clubs following in their footsteps. The name Türkiyemspor is now also used by clubs in Moenchengladbach, Wuppertal, Breuberg, Amsterdam, Australia, and the United States.
The club is actively involved several community-oriented programs built around anti-racism, intercultural understanding, a campaign against violence in families, and a campaign for respect for homosexuals known as "Respect-Gaymes".
Working with the German Football Association Türkiyemspor paved the way for teams rooted in the country's various immigrant communities (Migrantenvereine) to participate in first and second division football in Germany. Normally, league rules limit the number of foreign players permitted in a team's squad. Türkiyemspor squads typically included many players without German citizenship from families of long-term migrant workers in the Turkish community. League rules were modified to exempt players without citizenship who could show that they had played several years of youth football in Germany.
Famous players.
More than forty players have gone on to professional careers after getting their start with Türkiyemspor. The most widely recognized of these is Ümit Karan who joined the Turkish club Gençlerbirliği before moving on to Galatasaray. Other former Türkiyemspor players currently active professionally in Turkey include Cemil Mengi at Çaykur Rizespor, Serkan Birtan at Istanbul club Eyüpspor, and Deniz Aydoğdu at İzmir club Karşıyaka.
Michael Fuß set a Verbandsliga goal scoring record with 66 tallies in 1999–2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9878611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878611" title="Rainey Endowed School">
Rainey Endowed School

Rainey Endowed School,known colloquially as "The Rainey", is a voluntary grammar school in Magherafelt, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. The school was founded in 1707 and has an enrolment of approximately 700 pupils. The school borders three counties and draws its students from each of County Londonderry, County Antrim and County Tyrone. It offers the Northern Ireland curricula up to the age of 16 and a range of AS and A2 courses at post 16. The school is also a member of a local inter-school program which shares it's A-level classes with other schools in the local area
History.
Establishment.
Rainey Endowed School was founded by Hugh Rainey, an iron smelter and wealthy merchant in the Magherafelt district . He was an elder in the Presbyterian Congregation of Castledawson, which at that time included Magherafelt. As a result of a vow made to God for his protection and favour he, by his will dated 11 April 1707, devoted one half of his estate to fund a charity school for 24 boys: "sons of parents who were of good report and reduced to poverty". After three years instruction the boys were to be given a suit of clothes, £2.50 for an apprentice fee.
In his Will, Hugh Rainey wrote "that what I have left may not only be for a generation or two, but that it may be for many not yet born ", and so 'The Rainey' was founded.
Development.
Hugh Rainey died in 1707 and the task of building the school fell to his only child, Elizabeth, and her husband. The school was built in 1713 on land leased from the Salters' Company, and is still on that site today.
In 1863 negotiations with the Salters' Company resulted in the development of a new building. On 21 January 1863 the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, confirmed a new scheme of management. In 1864 the Salters' Company built a teachers' residence and a single schoolroom in Rainey Street Magherafelt. Girls were permitted into the school at the end of the 19th century. 
The school motto, taken from the Salters Company, is "Sal Sapit Omnia", translated as "Salt savours all ".
Background.
As of the academic year 2008-2009 pupils on roll were marked at 697 with four classes in each year. Teachers were numbered at male 21 and female 27. More than 20 subjects at Key Stage 4. Over-subscribed, with 1.4 applications per place. 
Heavy emphasis on extra-curricular activity, including drama, public-speaking, choirs, orchestras, Scripture Union. Sport is a dominant feature, especially rugby, hockey, tennis, and athletics; 1st XV won subsidiary bowl of Schools' Cup; winners of North Easter seven-a-side rugby competition. The Rainey Under 14 hockey team won the Junior Cup beating Friends School, Lisburn in the final 2008/09. 
Strong musical traditions, with choirs and orchestras; also traditional Irish musical groups and encouragement of solo performance; drama productions. More than 100 pupils take part in Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme; 25 raised £35,000 for Gold Expedition in Kenya, with half of the money given to charitable organisation that funds primary education in Nairobi. Recent emphasis by sixth form on charity fundraising; large amounts raised for tsunami appeal, Leukaemia Research, and Cystic Fibrosis Trust. 
Plans were announced in April 2004 for a new £14.3 million school to be built.

</doc>
<doc id="9878630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878630" title="Justice at Stake Campaign">
Justice at Stake Campaign

Justice at Stake is a Washington, D.C.-based non-partisan group that focuses on keeping courts in the United States fair, impartial, and independent. The group focuses on a range of issues including judicial nominations, diversity on the bench, the U.S. Supreme Court, civil liberties and national security, court funding, and other issues impacting the administration of justice on the federal level. At the state level, Justice at Stake advocates methods of judicial selection that serve to mitigate the effects of money and politics in the courts.
Retired U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor is Justice at Stake's first Honorary Chair.
Background.
Founded in 2000, Justice at Stake is a 501(c)(3) organization governed by a board of directors. The chair of the board is Mark I. Harrison, former president of the State Bar of Arizona (1975–76) and the Arizona Bar Foundation (1991). JAS does not support or oppose individual judges seeking election or nomination to the bench.
The group runs a website that compiles resources and news links, as well as a daily blog, "Gavel Grab," and two other platforms: "Our Courts America," an educational partnership, and "Court Funding Matters," designed to draw attention to the impact of court funding.
In conjunction with the Brennan Center for Justice, Justice at Stake publishes "New Politics of Judicial Elections" reports regarding their issues, and the organization has also commissioned polls showing that many Americans believe these expenditures could affect the ability of judges to rule neutrally in cases involving campaign contributors.
Partners.
Justice at Stake has partnered with a number of different legal and advocacy groups, including the Brennan Center, the American Bar Association, and the League of Women Voters.

</doc>
<doc id="9878646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878646" title="Captura recomendada">
Captura recomendada

Captura recomendada is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878652" title="El Cielo en las manos">
El Cielo en las manos

El Cielo en las manos is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9878657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878657" title="Afsar Bahini">
Afsar Bahini

Afsar Bahini (also known as "Afsar Battalion") was a sub group within Mukti Bahini during the Bangladesh Liberation War. Major Afsaruddin Ahmed organized independence fighters in Mymensingh to form this battalion. This battalion collected arms from the Pakistan occupation army and developed liberated area in the region. Major Afsaruddin Ahmed was the Chief of Command of this group.

</doc>
<doc id="9878665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9878665" title="La culpa la tuvo el otro">
La culpa la tuvo el otro

La Culpa la tuvo el otro is a 1950 Argentine film.

</doc>
