<doc id="9846378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846378" title="The Rebel (2007 film)">
The Rebel (2007 film)

The Rebel () is a 2007 Vietnamese martial arts film directed by Charlie Nguyen and starring Johnny Tri Nguyen and Dustin Nguyen. It premiered on April 12, 2007 at the Vietnamese International Film Festival in Irvine, California. It was released on April 27, 2007 in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City and played as the Closing Night film at the 2007 VC FilmFest in Los Angeles.
Plot.
Vietnam in 1922 is under colonial French rule, and anti-French rebellions by peasants have emerged all over the country. In response, the French have activated units of Vietnamese secret agents to track and destroy the rebels. One agent is Le Van Cuong. Although branded with a perfect track record, Cuong's inner conscience is troubled by the sea of Vietnamese blood he has spilled. Following an assassination of a high-ranking French official, Cuong is assigned to seek and kill the notorious leader of the resistance. Cuong encounters Vo Thanh Thuy, a relentless revolutionary fighter and the daughter of the rebel leader. She is captured and imprisoned by Cuong's cruel superior, Sy. Cuong suspects that Sy knew about the attack on the French official before it happened, and could have prevented it. Suspicious, he warns Thuy that her organization has a mole, helps break her out of prison and becomes a fugitive himself. Her fiery patriotism inspires Cuong, and he develops feelings for the young woman as well. Meanwhile, Sy is tracking Cuong and Thuy, knowing the pair will lead him to Thuy's father.
Production.
"The Rebel's" cast and crew shot for 80 days in Vietnam, whose film industry is still playing catch-up with Hollywood's and Hong Kong's. They had to deal with a number of obstacles, including crew members who got sick, actors who got hurt, and cultural police officers who monitored every move. In an interview with Johnny Tri Nguyen, he states that one of the hardest problem in making the film was finding the right actress for the main female character.
Parts of the film, mainly street scenes in the first half of the film, were shot in the old port town of Hội An (standing in for Hanoi).
Reception.
The film has been released in Vietnam, where it proved to be very popular (actual ticket sales are not easily tracked in Vietnam). According to sources, it is the most expensive Vietnamese film with a budget of $1.5 million. Originally scheduled for a release on August 26, "The Rebel" was released in the United States on a two-disc DVD on September 30, 2008 (from Dragon Dynasty). Johnny Nguyen, Dustin Nguyen, and Ngo Thanh Van not only provide an audio commentary, but also dubbed their own characters for the films English language track. It was also featured at the 2007 Bangkok International Film Festival, the Austin Film Festival, the Hawaii International Film Festival, and was the Opening Night screening at the 2007 Mammoth Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9846448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846448" title="Georgian Bay Line">
Georgian Bay Line

The Georgian Bay Line is the popular name of the "Chicago, Duluth and Georgian Bay Transit Company". From 1913 until 1967, the Georgian Bay Line (GBL) provided transit service and cruise voyages to passengers on North America's Great Lakes.
History.
Formation.
The company was founded by Robert Chenault Davis, who for many years was employed by the Goodrich Line in Chicago. Mr. Davis envisioned a fleet of ships dedicated exclusively to passengers rather than the passenger and freight ships that plied the Great Lakes. The initial board consisted of Mr. Davis and four other Chicagoans:
The company was capitalized initially with $250,000 in preferred stock from about 35 investors located mostly in Chicago and Detroit.
Profitable operations.
The Georgian Bay Line began operation in 1913 with the "SS North American", which was launched on January 16, 1913. Due to a very profitable first season, the company launched the "SS South American" on February 21, 1914. Built of steel, these ships were almost sister ships. The North American had an overall length of 280 feet (85 m) while the South American was 321 feet. They carried passengers between Chicago, Mackinac Island, Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, Duluth, Georgian Bay, Detroit, Cleveland, and Buffalo, and sometimes intermediate ports. In the 1940s, the Georgian Bay Line acquired a third vessel, "SS Alabama", a refugee from the bankrupt Goodrich Transit Company where Mr. Davis had begun his career. The three ships tied up at the foot of 16th Street in Holland, Michigan, each winter and until they were permanently assigned elsewhere. 
Up until World War II vessels like those operated by the Georgian Bay Line were an essential part of the transportation infrastructure of the Great Lakes. The line sold large quantities of point-to-point tickets to revenue passengers who paid publicly tariffed rates to be moved from one port to another. After the war, with increasingly inexpensive motor fuel and reliable, paved roads, point-to-point passenger volume declined and the Georgian Bay Line shifted its emphasis to the cruise ship trade.
Both vessels advertised weeklong cruises through the upper Great Lakes, with the "South American" traditionally visiting Lake Superior and the "North American" taking the Lake Michigan run. Mackinac Island, in the Straits of Mackinac, was the division point where the Y-shaped arms of the Georgian Bay Line's service territory came together.
Shutdown.
The Georgian Bay Line's long-term viability was compromised by the seasonal nature of Great Lakes cruise trade. The boats were traditionally fitted out each spring in May and mothballed each fall in late September. After the invention of the passenger jet airplane in the 1950s, North American tourists found themselves able to fly to ports in locations, such as the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean, where twelve-month cruising was possible. In addition, cruise ships operating in international waters could hire crews from the Third World and did not have to obey U.S. or Canadian labor laws. 
The Georgian Bay Line lost money in the 1960s. In 1963, after the GBL retired the "North American", the "South American" and the Greene Line's "Delta Queen" were the last two long-distance cruise ships sailing under the U.S. flag. Neither vessel could meet modern fire-safety standards. In 1966, citing the danger to passengers of a catastrophic fire, Congress passed a law ordering both passenger vessels to tie up to the docks permanently. A series of temporary exceptions were carved out for the "Delta Queen", but not for the "South American". In 1967, the final Georgian Bay Line boat made its last trip. 
The "North American" sank while under tow to what would have been a new life as part of a merchant marine academy, and the "South American" was scrapped in 1992. The "Alabama" was cut down to a barge in 1946 and was still afloat as of 2005.
References.
Mary A. Dempsey, "Remembering the Georgian Bay Line", "Michigan History Magazine" Jan/Feb 1997, pages 28–37.
Richard Braun, "The Georgian Bay Line", Ships and the Sea magazine August 1952, pages 10–15
Manitowoc Maritime Museum, Georgian Bay Lines collection
The Marine Historical Society of Detroit North American South American

</doc>
<doc id="9846472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846472" title="Constantin Floros">
Constantin Floros

Constantin Floros (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Φλωρος) (b. Thessaloniki 4 January 1930) is a Greek musicologist. He studied law at the University of Thessaloniki (1947–1951) and then composition and conducting at the Vienna Music Academy. At the same time he studied musicology with Erich Schenk at Vienna University as well as art history (with C. Swoboda), philosophy and psychology. In 1955 he obtained the doctorate in Vienna with a dissertation on Campioni. He continued his musicological studies with Husmann at Hamburg University (1957–1960), where in 1961 he completed his Habilitation in musicology with a work on the Byzantine kontakion. In 1967 he became supernumerary professor, in 1972 professor of musicology and in 1995 professor emeritus at the University of Hamburg. He received the honorary doctorate from the University of Athens in 1999.
He is the co-editor of the "Hamburger Jahrbuch fur Musikwissenschaft" and in 1988 he founded and became president of the Gustav Mahler Vereinigung, Hamburg. In 1992 he was elected a member of the Erfurt Akademie der gemeinnützigen Wissenschaften and in 1999 was made an honorary member of the Richard Wagner-Verband, Hamburg.
Floros' interests include the origin of Gregorian neumes, various aspects of Byzantine music, connections between the music cultures of East and West, the semantic meaning of the 18th and 19th century symphony, the music of the Second Viennese School etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9846502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846502" title="Wilhelm Mauritz Klingspor">
Wilhelm Mauritz Klingspor

Wilhelm Mauritz Klingspor (1744 in Fluxerum - May 1814 in Stockholm) was a Swedish noble military officer and one of the Lords of the Realm. He is probably best known from his time as field marshal of Finland during the Finnish War and for participating in the coup that dethroned Gustav IV of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="9846529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846529" title="Lydia (singer)">
Lydia (singer)

Lydia Rodríguez Fernández (born 1980 in Madrid), better known as Lydia, is a Spanish pop singer.
Career.
When Lydia was 16 years old, she released her first album, "Lydia", which went platinum in Spain. She became famous after dedicating a song to her musical idol Alejandro Sanz. In 1998 she released her second album, that became gold in Spain. In 1999 she represented Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "No quiero escuchar" ("I don't want to listen"), finishing last with one point. Her colorful dress, designed by Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada, attracted much attention and critics from the Spanish media and spectators. In 2002 she released her last album as solo singer. In 2007, she starred in the musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" in several Spanish cities and other projects. In 2008, she replaced Sole Giménez as singer for the Spanish multi-platinum band Presuntos Implicados. The first album that she released with this band, "Será" ("It will be"), was nominated to the Latin Grammy Awards 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9846557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846557" title="Darren Burns">
Darren Burns

Darren Burns (born 17 May 1974, in Sydney, Australia) was an Australian rugby league player for the Western Suburbs Magpies, South Sydney Rabbitohs, Sydney Roosters and the Brisbane Broncos over his seven-year career in the Australian National Rugby League competition. 
His position of choice was usually at lock-forward.
He is best remembered for his part in helping Warrington Wolves escape relegation in 2002, and in particular his performance in the 29-14 victory over Castleford at Wilderspool. That performance led to a statue being erected on the old Brian Bevan Island site on the five-year anniversary of the game in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9846566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846566" title="Vik Adhopia">
Vik Adhopia

Vik Adhopia is a Canadian journalist who reports from Newfoundland and Labrador for CBC Radio.
He attended Port Credit Secondary School in Mississauga, Ontario. After graduating from the University of Toronto with an Honours Bachelor of Arts in political science and from Ryerson University with a Bachelor of Applied Arts in journalism, Adhopia joined the CBC in 1995 where he reported from Toronto, Canada. He later moved on to Iqaluit.
A report from Prince George, British Columbia about the doctor shortage won him a Jack Webster Award in 2001. In addition, he was awarded Radio and Television News Directors Association Awards in 2004 for his reports on flooding in British Columbia and in 2008 for his coverage of the Newfoundland Breast Cancer Scandal.
In 2009, Adhopia was presented the Canadian Association of Journalists award for faith and spirituality along with fellow CBC journalists including Curt Petrovich and Frank Koller for their work on CBC Radio's Where is God Today?.
He worked as a reporter in CBC's Vancouver radio newsroom before moving to Newfoundland and Labrador.

</doc>
<doc id="9846589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846589" title="St. Martin's Episcopal School">
St. Martin's Episcopal School

Notable alumni.
The school's alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="9846655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846655" title="Why Bother? (album)">
Why Bother? (album)

Why Bother? is the third studio album from the Detroit band ADULT. All tracks are written and produced by Adam Lee Miller and Nicola Kuperus. Sam Consiglio, a contributor to the band's previous album, "Gimmie Trouble", did not return to record this album for undisclosed reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9846672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846672" title="Loopy (film)">
Loopy (film)

The film Loopy was written and directed by Seth Michael Donsky and released in 2004. It is an adaptation of a short story by Ruth Rendell. "Loopy" screened at the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films, the Cinequest Film Festival and the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival. "Loopy" currently airs in rotation on the Independent Film Channel. The tagline for the film is "A sheep in wolf's clothing!"

</doc>
<doc id="9846674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846674" title="Lebanese FA Cup">
Lebanese FA Cup

The Lebanese FA Cup is the top knockout tournament in Lebanese football. The most successful team is Al-Ansar, winning 13 titles.
Finals.
The winners are:
Champions and Runners-up.
The number of national championships that clubs in Lebanon have attained.

</doc>
<doc id="9846712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846712" title="Birches Bridge">
Birches Bridge

Birches Bridge is an area of Codsall, Staffordshire. It is situated to the north-west of Wolverhampton between Bilbrook and Codsall.
Name and origins.
Birches Bridge takes its name from The Birches, a large estate first mentioned in court rolls of 1716 and in a Codsall Parish Register of 1730. The estate stood between the present day Birches Road and Lane Green Road. "Birch" coming from old English "braec" or "brec", meaning a newly cultivated piece of land.
Shops and amenities.
Birches Bridge is home to Bilbrook railway station and Birches Bridge Shopping Centre, which features a HSBC branch, a Co-operative supermarket and an Esso petrol station amongst other shops and eateries.
Transport links.
The area is serviced by the number 5 Wolverhampton to Codsall National Express West Midlands bus service, and Bilbrook railway station on the Wolverhampton to Shrewsbury line. The railway station was originally known as Birches.

</doc>
<doc id="9846719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846719" title="Too Many Girls (musical)">
Too Many Girls (musical)

Too Many Girls is a Broadway musical comedy and a 1940 film version of the show, starring Lucille Ball.
Broadway version.
"Too Many Girls" opened October 18, 1939, with music by Richard Rodgers, lyrics by Lorenz Hart and book by George Marion Jr. After a full restoration by The Rodgers & Hammerstein Organization, Lyric Stage presented the first revival since the original production closed on Broadway in 1940. The revival featured a 32 piece orchestra playing Hans Spialek's original orchestrations and a cast of 30 singing Hugh Martin's original vocal arrangements. Steven Jones, producer; Ann Nieman, director/choreographer; Jay Dias, music director/conductor. www.lyricstage.org.
Film version.
Arnaz and Bracken repeated their roles in the 1940 RKO Radio Pictures movie version. 
This was Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz's first film together. The two had previously met at the RKO studio commissary while Lucy was filming "Dance, Girl, Dance". At that time, Lucy was costumed as a burlesque dancer who had recently been in a fight. Desi initially dismissed her as a "tough broad" who could never play an innocent college girl.
The popular song "I Like to Recognize the Tune" did not appear in the film version, but it did appear in a later Lucille Ball film, "Meet the People" (MGM, 1944). 
Van Johnson, who was an understudy to all 3 male leads in the theatrical version of 1939, makes an uncredited appearance in the film version in which he yells: "We won the game, so help me!"
Reception.
The film recorded a loss of $170,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9846732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846732" title="Dale L. Walker">
Dale L. Walker

Dale L. Walker (born 1935), an award-winning American writer, was born in Decatur, Illinois, but has spent most of his life in El Paso, Texas. The author of twenty-three books, he has also served as a television reporter, editor, news and information officer, university press director, freelance writer, biographer, and historian. He is past president of Western Writers of America (WWA).
Biography.
As a boy growing up in the farm town of Decatur, Illinois, Walker was inspired by the writings of Jack London, and has written extensively about the author. Walker began his writing career by working for his high school newspaper, and found various journalistic jobs throughout his youth. He enlisted in the navy at 18 and upon discharge visited his father, a career army sergeant, at Fort Bliss, Texas, and subsequently enrolled at the University of Texas at El Paso where he earned his degree in journalism within three years. By then he had married Alice McCord, fathered the first of five children, and earned a number of freelance publishing credits.
Writing career.
Walker's freelance writing career began in earnest in 1960 while a college student working part-time at a television reporting job in El Paso. He wrote frequently for newspapers and magazines. His work, close to 2,000 published pieces, has appeared in 130 periodicals.
His first big break came in 1967 when his mentor, the late Richard O'Connor, invited him to collaborate on a biography of radical journalist John Reed. Harcourt, Brace and World published the work as "The Lost Revolutionary," which was reviewed by "The New York Times". Walker waited 36 years for his second "New York Times" review, this one for his gold rush book, "Eldorado," in 2003.
Walker has also written pre-Civil War history as well as western and military history. His book, "Mary Edwards Walker: Above and Beyond" (2005) is a biography of the Civil War, his "The Boys of '98: Theodore Roosevelt and the Rough Riders" (1998) has received high praise as has his "Bear Flag Rising: The Conquest of California" (1999), which tells of events that led to the annexation of California in 1846 when the territory was a Mexican province, and Pacific Destiny: The Three-Century Journey to the Oregon Country" (2000), which won a Spur Award from Western Writers of America, as have three additional Walker works.
The historian-biographer states that his best writings have been biographies such as "Januarius MacGahan The Life and Campaigns of an American War Correspondent" (1988), which he regards as his best book.
Walker is a member of the Texas Institute of Letters and the Author's Guild as well as Western Writers of America, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9846798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846798" title="Vivaro-Alpine dialect">
Vivaro-Alpine dialect

Vivaro-Alpine (English name) or Vivaroalpenc, Vivaroaupenc (native name) is a Romance language variety spoken in southeastern France (namely, around the Dauphiné area) and northwestern Italy (the Occitan Valleys of Piedmont and Liguria). It in turn belongs to a broader category known as the Occitan language along with other forms of speech in the south of France such as Provençal and Gascon. There is also a small Vivaro-Alpine enclave in the Guardia Piemontese, Calabria, where the language is known as gardiol. It belongs to the Northern Occitan dialect block, along with Auvergnat and Limousin.
Naming and classification.
"Vivaro-Alpine" had been considered as a sub-dialect of Provençal, and named "provençal alpin" (Alpine Provençal) or Northern Provençal.
Its use in the Dauphiné area has also lead to the use of "dauphinois" or "dauphinois alpin" to name it. Along with Ronjat and Bec, it is now clearly recognized as a dialect of its own.
The "UNESCO Atlas of World's languages in danger" uses the "Alpine Provençal" name, and considers it as seriously endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="9846800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846800" title="Otto Julius Klotz">
Otto Julius Klotz

Otto Julius Klotz OLS, DLS, DTS (March 31, 1852 – December 28, 1923) was a Canadian astronomer and Dominion Surveyor. 
He was born in Preston (Cambridge), Upper Canada, the son of Otto Klotz and Elise (Elizabeth) Wilhelm, Klotz was educated at Galt Grammar School, and later headed to University of Toronto, and finished his degree in 1872 in Civil Engineering at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
At 14 years of age, Klotz received a foolscap diary in which he recorded every day of life, except for two days when he crossed the date line. The personal and professional records are entered into the National Archives of Canada.
In 1885, Klotz was the first person to be officially designated as astronomer in the Dominion of Canada. He had been assigned chief of astronomical observations to be conducted in British Columbia and the North West. He worked on the British Columbia Railway Belt Survey from 1885 to 1890, and was assigned the task to resolve the United States and Canada boundary dispute during the 1890s. Klotz also worked on the Alaska boundary survey in 1893-1894. While in London, England in 1898, he discovered an important cache of Foreign Office correspondence, much of which pertained to the North American Boundary Commission, some of whose Royal Engineer members were photographers.
Klotz was appointed one (1908 as Assistant Chief Astronomer) of two employees of the Dominion Observatory, the nation's first astronomical observatory. In 1916 he was appointed Dominion Astronomer.
His other claims to fame include the oversight of the All Red Cable Route connecting Australia and Canada in 1902, and he has been called the father of the Public Library in Ottawa University Club. He was also a member of the Astronomical Association of Mexico and of New Zealand Institute. During his work in British Columbia he was the first to determine the heights of principal mountain peaks along the railway and named many of them.

</doc>
<doc id="9846802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846802" title="Laginha">
Laginha

Laginha (Capeverdean Crioulo, ALUPEC or ALUPEK: "Lajinha", also in the São Vicente Crioulo) is a beach and a neighbourhood located about 2 km north of the downtown area of Mindelo on the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde. It is one of Mindelo's northernmost neighbourhoods Laginha has a population of about 5,000. It is situated by the Mindelo Bay. Laginha is linked with the avenue named Avenida 9 de Setembro? and several roads.
Geography.
Laginha features a beach which is the city's only beach in which it attract swimmers especially some from outside Cape Verde. Its length is approximately 800 m and from 5 to 20 m wide. It is also used for boats in which fishing is common. Several trees are near the shoreline and the avenue. Weighlifting and exercises are also used in the beach and are placed by the concrete wall.
The Avenida 9 de Setembro has a factory located to the east. Laginha has a two-lane road and other roads, one serving road to a promontory named João Ribeira. A cargo centre which contains buildings and an entrance is to the north.
A small hill dominates the southwest and is like a peninsula with grasslands and bushes, the mountains cover the northern part and the hills to the east.
Residential areas dominate the area and into the northern part and the eastern parts, a school is to the southern part as well as a secondary school.
History.
Residential buildings were first built in the mid-20th century, the area did not boom residential houses until after independence especially the 1980s and the 1990s and continue. A cargo shipyard was added in the 1980s and the 1990s. A school and a high school were added.
Other.
Laginha has a few schools, a secondary school, churches, banks and a few squares.
Panorama.
Its panorama includes the southwestern and the eastcentral portions of the island and only the southern part can see the island of Santo Antão.

</doc>
<doc id="9846838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846838" title="Glan Afan Comprehensive School">
Glan Afan Comprehensive School

Glan Afan Comprehensive School (in Welsh: "Ysgol Gyfun Glan Afan") is a mixed comprehensive school, which has served the town of Port Talbot, Wales, and its surrounding areas for over 110 years.
History.
Glan Afan was originally the County Grammar School, also known as Port Talbot County Boys' School. It then became Glan Afan comprehensive school in the early 1960s, taking pupils up to the age of 18. At that time the school's name was written as "Glanafan" rather than "Glan Afan". The sixth form was moved to Afan College during the 1980s. From 1974-96, it was administered by West Glamorgan County Council. In 1996, the Neath Port Talbot County Borough Council was formed, and the school is currently administered by Neath Port Talbot's LEA.
The School Curriculum.
The school delivers the National Curriculum at Key Stage 3, (years 7, 8 and 9), and Key Stage 4 (Years 10 and 11).
Key Stage 3.
At Key Stage 3 the following subjects are studied:
English, Mathematics and Science (the core subjects). In addition the following foundation subjects are studied: History, Geography, RE, French, Welsh, Art, Music, Technology, ICT, Games, PSE and PE, Drama is offered as part of the skills module. In years 7 and 8 pupils have the opportunity to obtain the Key Skills qualifications of Communication, Application of Number and Working with Others at Level 1.
The curriculum is organised in order to give a broad and balanced experience meeting the needs of all pupils including those with Additional Learning Needs. All pupils have the opportunity to study Welsh culture within individual subjects. The school also organises an annual Eisteddfod and participates successfully at Local and National Urdd Eisteddfoda.
Key Stage 4.
At Key stage 4 pupils follow a compulsory curriculum of English, Mathematics, Science, Games, RE, Welsh, PSE and ICT Course. Pupils then choose from a variety of subjects organised into option groups. Pupils can choose from GCSE, Vocational GCSE and BTEC vocational courses which are linked with Neath Port Talbot College or other providers.
All Year 10 and 11 pupils will follow a Personal and Social Education Course, and a programme of Careers Guidance. During year 10 they will
participate in a week of work experience. At Key Stage 4 the school actively monitors and targets pupils to identify underachievement and
provides Learning Coach support and mentoring to help pupils with their GCSE studies.
School Uniform.
School uniform is compulsory at Glan Afan.
Boys - White shirt, school tie, black trousers, black V neck pullover with embroidered school badge. Black shoes and suitable socks.
Girls - White shirt, school tie, black skirt or trousers, black V neck pullover with embroidered school badge. Black low heeled shoes, suitable socks or black tights.
Extra-curricular Activities.
The school runs several clubs, either during lunchtime or after school, including clubs for sports, such as Football, Hockey, Gymnastics, Tag Rugby, Basketball, Netball and Dodgeball, and curriculum-based clubs including Clwb Urdd, Computer Club, English ‘Shooting Stars’, Choir, Eco-committee and Art club. The school also runs a community group called Glan Afan Silver Surfers for senior citizens from the local community every Monday from 3.30 - 5pm. The Silver Surfers group have been recognised by the High Sheriff of West Glamorgan and the Wales Volunteer of the Year Awards.
Clubs offered in Music and Drama, are Junior Choir, Senior Choir, Guitar Club, Orchestra and Samba Band.The school orchestra have recently booked on a tour to Belgium. The creative arts departments also put on a full school musical every year, which pupils are encouraged to take part in, and a drama club.

</doc>
<doc id="9846848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846848" title="Phoenix Wright (character)">
Phoenix Wright (character)

Phoenix Wright, known as in original Japanese language versions, is a fictional defense attorney in Capcom's "Ace Attorney" video game series. As of , the series has sold 3 million copies and is Capcom's 11th best-selling series of all time. Phoenix has been featured as the main protagonist in the first three games of the series, appeared as a playable character in the and appears as the main protagonist again for the . The character has also appeared in a manga adaptation of the series, a Japanese series of musicals, and crossover video games such as "" and "Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3".
Conception and creation.
The idea of a lawyer was conceived when director Shū Takumi was searching for ideas for a game in which the player could discover lies or contradictions in statements.
Phoenix Wright's Japanese given name, Ryūichi, alludes to the mythical dragon with its use of . His Japanese surname, Naruhodō, references the Japanese expression , which equates to the English "I see". This phrase is often used in Japan to express attentiveness to the subject at hand. Shū Takumi chose the phrase to highlight Wright's inexperience; even though his name reads "I see", he may not in fact understand what is happening, something which may also be true of people using the phrase. It is also commonly used in mystery novels when investigating, a core gameplay concept of the series. 
In English versions, Wright's name was localized to present a similar meaning to English-speaking audiences. His first name is also a mythical reference: to the phoenix, known for "rising from the ashes", an allusion to his almost impossible comebacks, or "turnabouts", during trials. In fact, the fifth case in the American version of the first game is titled, "Rise from the Ashes." His surname is a pun, allowing for wordplay (such as "Right, Wright?"). Early brainstorming suggestions for Phoenix's name included "Cole" and "Wilton", but "Phoenix" was chosen as a name that would "stand out". The nickname "Nick" was chosen based on its believability and similarity to the sound of "Phoenix".
Characteristics and backstory.
At the time of "", Phoenix is a rookie defense attorney, who usually accepts murder cases, attempting to exonerate his clients when there is seemingly incontrovertible evidence and testimony against them. Described as "goofy and single-minded", he often encounters unusual situations. Rather than simply arguing his case, Phoenix uses detective skills to gather relevant evidence and investigate the crime scene.
When he was in grade school, he was accused of stealing Miles Edgeworth's lunch money, and since he was in a small school, there was a class trial. During the trial, Larry Butz and Miles Edgeworth stood up for Wright, saying the teacher and students had no evidence of Wright's guilt. The class trial was dismissed and the three students became best friends until Edgeworth moved away after the murder of his father. It was later revealed that Larry Butz stole Edgeworth's $38 when Butz offered Edgeworth an envelope containing $38. While Wright was surprised, Edgeworth gave the appearance as if he knew all along Butz stole his money.
When he was in Ivy University, he found himself a murder suspect in which he was successfully defended by a defense attorney named Mia Fey. After growing up, Phoenix became a defense attorney himself under Mia's law firm. After Mia was murdered, Phoenix takes over the law firm, naming it Wright and co., and also takes Mia's little sister, a spirit medium named Maya, under his wing. As the years passed, Phoenix took on several cases to prove the innocence of those wrongly accused of murder. However, in one case, he inadvertently presented forged evidence to the court and was forced to turn in his badge. Adopting a young girl named Trucy Enigmar as his daughter, Phoenix set up the Wright Anything Talent Agency, hiring the talents of a rookie defense attorney named Apollo Justice after he successfully defends him in court. Phoenix continued to work behind the scenes, helping to implement a jury system to the fictional justice system.
After clearing his name, he retook the bar exam. In the fifth main game of the series, "", Phoenix regains his badge, and is once again a defense attorney. He has also retained Apollo Justice as a protegé, and takes newcomer Athena Cykes under his wing as the newest junior attorney for the Wright Anything Agency.
Appearances.
"Ace Attorney" video games.
In the first game "", Phoenix must contend with the loss of his mentor and fellow defense attorney Mia Fey. Throughout the game, Phoenix is hired to defend various people of murder, including his friend Larry Butz. The game culminates with Phoenix defending rival prosecutor Miles Edgeworth, and the conviction for murder of Robert Hammond, an old defense attorney.
In "", Phoenix defends Maya Fey, the younger sister of his former mentor, and faces the prosecutor and daughter of Manfred von Karma, 18-year-old legal prodigy Franziska. In the game's climax, Maya is kidnapped by a hitman, forcing Phoenix to make the true killer admit his guilt. In the course of the game, Phoenix receives a magic Magatama that is able to reveal whether a person is hiding a secret in their mind.
In "", it is revealed that Phoenix was framed for the murder of his girlfriend's ex-lover while in college. He was defended by Mia Fey, who hadn't taken a case since her first one against Edgeworth the year before. Mia exposes the true murderer; Phoenix's girlfriend, Dahlia, who is later executed. Phoenix must also contend with the mysterious Godot, a prosecutor who appears to harbor a grudge towards him.
During a case seven years prior to the events of "", two months after "Trials and Tribulations", he was forced to forfeit his attorney's badge after presenting evidence that, unbeknownst to him, was forged. Two weeks later, he adopted Trucy Enigmar after her father, his client Zak Enigmar, became a fugitive. Trucy then renames his office the "Wright Talent Agency", becoming its CEO and one half of the represented talent, with Phoenix being the other half. At the time "Apollo Justice" takes place, he works as a pianist and plays poker at the Borscht Bowl Club. After being accused of murder himself and being successfully defended by rookie defense attorney Apollo Justice, he hires Apollo, reopening his law office as the "Wright Anything Agency". Wright uses the "MASON System" computer program to assist the player in piecing together the evidence from both past and present for the game's final case, where the circumstances regarding the day he was disbarred are fully explained.
Wright returns as the main protagonist in the fifth mainline installment of the series, "". He works together on cases with both Apollo Justice and Athena Cykes, striving to put the "Dark Age of the Law" to an end once and for all.
Other appearances.
Phoenix Wright appears in a Japanese manga adaptation of the series, written by Kenji Kuroda, illustrated by Kazuo Maekawa and published by Kodansha. The series is currently being published in the United States by Kodansha USA. An additional manga, published by Del Rey Manga, was released in the United States.
The developers of the crossover fighting game, ', had wanted to include Phoenix along with Franziska von Karma as a character on the roster, but had trouble designing additional moves besides his finger-pointing gesture. Though they had come up with an attack that used his catch-phrase "Igiari!" ("Objection!" in English), with the letters themselves used to attack the opponent, they found that localization would have changed the four-character phrase (in kanji) to a nine-letter word and would have unbalanced the game. Phoenix was also considered for inclusion as a playable fighter in ', appearing alongside Miles Edgeworth as a cameo in She-Hulk's arcade mode ending. He appears as a playable character in "Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3". His fighting style sees him gather evidence on the field which he can use to either attack his opponent or save for a powerful courtroom confrontation.
Within his own series, Phoenix makes a cameo appearance in ', a game starring his longtime rival Miles Edgeworth, along with his assistant Maya Fey and her cousin Pearl. They appear on a boat during the third case of the game. Phoenix and Maya also makes a cameo appearance in "Gyakuten Kenji 2". He also stars alongside "Professor Layton" in the 2012 Nintendo 3DS title, ', developed by Level-5. 
Phoenix, along with Franziska von Karma, Mia Fey and Miles Edgeworth, appear as cards in the game "".
Reception.
Phoenix Wright has generally been praised by critics for being a likeable character with a realistic profession. However, the older Phoenix Wright seen in "Apollo Justice" has been criticized as "aloof and inscrutable", with "his character's development...lost along the wayside." GameDaily called him the eighth greatest Capcom character, citing how he perseveres in the face of hardships. They also named him 20th on their "Top 25 Gaming Hunks." They included his hairstyle in the list of "weirdest hairstyles in gaming." "Nintendo Power" listed Phoenix as their 10th favourite hero, stating that while lawyers get a bad rap, Phoenix is one who defends the innocent. In 2009, GameSpot chose him as one of the characters to compete in their poll for the title of "All Time Greatest Game Hero". His appearance in "Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3" was also positively received, with "Metro" GameCentral describing him as "the star of the show." In 2012, GamesRadar ranked him as the 55th best hero in video games while UGO Networks ranked him as the 57th best hero in entertainment in 2010. GamesRadar also included him in a list of "The 30 best Capcom characters of the last 30 years", remarking that he has no power, and "isn't even that good of a lawyer when he starts out, but watching him grow is part of why we love him.".
A Japanese musical based on the series, staged by the all-female troupe, Takarazuka Revue, cast actor Tomu Ranju as Phoenix Wright, using the English name rather than the Japanese "Ryūichi Naruhodō". A sequel, "Gyakuten Saiban 2 - Truth Resurrected, Again", was produced after the first musical sold out on the first day.
Phoenix Wright's signature mannerisms, such as finger-pointing and cries of "Objection!", have become well-known, and were parodied in episodes of anime such as "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya", "Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt", and "Maria Holic".
Additionally, Battler Ushiromiya in the visual novel "Umineko no Naku Koro ni" often extends a pointed finger when making accusations or pointing out contradictions, similar to how Phoenix does when he calls out objections.

</doc>
<doc id="9846861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846861" title="Mark Corvo">
Mark Corvo

Mark Corvo (born 17 June 1973 in Canberra, Australia) was an Australian rugby league player for the Canberra Raiders, Adelaide Rams and the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition. His position of choice was usually at prop-forward.

</doc>
<doc id="9846918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846918" title="The Negotiation">
The Negotiation

"The Negotiation" (originally titled "Labor Negotiation") is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series "The Office". 
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In this episode, Roy Anderson (David Denman) tries to attack Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) for kissing Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) on Casino Night, only to be pepper-sprayed by Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson). Jim repeatedly tries to thank Dwight for his actions, but each attempt is rejected. Meanwhile, with Roy fired, Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) asks for a raise and is astounded when he learns that this raise would cause him to be paid more than his boss, Michael Scott (Steve Carell).
It first aired on April 5, 2007 on NBC as a longer, "super-sized" episode. It was written by Michael Schur and directed by Jeffrey Blitz, and featured the end of Roy's plot arc to win back Pam, his former fiancé. The episode also included the return of actor Ed Helms, who portrays Andy Bernard. The episode was first screened at Paleyfest in early 2007. According to Nielsen Media Research, it was viewed by an estimated audience of 6.7 million people and earned a 3.2/10 ratings share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. The episode received generally positive reviews, with television critics in particular praising the Dwight–Angela storyline. Schur received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, but lost to fellow "Office" writer Greg Daniels for his work on "Gay Witch Hunt".
Synopsis.
Roy Anderson (David Denman) enters the office and attacks Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) for kissing Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer), his former fiancé, but Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) subdues him with pepper spray. Roy is fired, and Jim, feeling guilty about all of his pranks over the years, tries to show his appreciation to Dwight for saving him, but each gesture is coolly rejected, as Dwight believes he only acted in the line of duty and is undeserving of any special praise.
Pam apologizes to Jim that Roy attacked him but her assurance that her relationship with Roy is over for good is met with polite skepticism. Roy picks up his last paycheck, apologizes to Jim for threatening him during their previous encounter, and asks Pam to join him for coffee. Their meeting at a local diner is awkward and ends with their relationship (and even friendship) appearing to be over; they hug and Pam wipes a tear from her face. Roy does not understand his long-time fiancée, especially her choice to not pursue Jim.
Angela Martin (Angela Kinsey) interviews people from the office repeatedly to hear the tale of Dwight's heroics. Believing themselves to be alone at the end of the day, the two kiss passionately. Jim sees them and decides that keeping their relationship secret will be his gift to Dwight to make things "even." Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) returns from anger management, and Dwight, unprovoked, subdues him with pepper spray. Toby Flenderson (Paul Lieberstein) confiscates the rest of Dwight's arsenal, previously hidden in various locations in the office.
Meanwhile, Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) asks Michael Scott (Steve Carell) for a 10 percent raise due to the extra workload resulting from Roy's absence. When he discovers that the raise would make him higher-paid than Michael, Darryl goads Michael into going to Corporate to negotiate his own raise. Jan Levinson (Melora Hardin) initially tries to keep their romantic relationship out of the negotiations but ultimately gives Michael the maximum 12% raise that was authorized despite his continued inability to negotiate properly.
Elsewhere, Toby becomes considerably annoyed with Ryan Howard (B.J. Novak) and Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling)'s constant making out and arguing in the cubicle next to his.
Production.
"The Negotiation" was written by supervising producer Michael Schur and directed by Jeffrey Blitz. It featured the end of the story arc featuring Roy Anderson's attempt to win back Pam, his former fiancé. Roy's portrayer, David Denman, reported he was "really grateful" that executive producer Greg Daniels allowed his character to develop, "where all of a sudden, he wasn’t just a complete idiot but felt bad for being a bad boyfriend and wanted to try to get the girl back. It’s so rare to have that on a television show, because so often everyone wants you to be the same character every week. It was quite refreshing creatively to get to do that." Referring to Jim and Pam, Denman felt it was "inevitable that Romeo and Juliet had to get together" and end the series' love triangle. "Otherwise," he explained, "it gets kind of tiring and old. I think it was the appropriate time leave, and I had such a great experience working with all those guys." Denman also added that Daniels' decision stemmed from a desire to advance the Jim-Pam storyline "to the next stage," rather than having anything to do specifically with Denman himself. Denman briefly returned in the series' fifth, seventh, and ninth seasons.
Actress Kate Flannery, who plays Meredith Palmer, attributed her love of the episode to Craig Robinson, because the two shared an enjoyment of singing together ever since the first season episode "Basketball". She explained, "We sing on the set and in the hair and makeup trailer. We sound good together, but sometimes people are not in the mood to hear our amazing duets, mostly from the '80s." Flannery believed that Robinson's performance in the episode was "very funny," as his character served as a "great foil for Michael Scott." "The Negotiation" featured the return of character Andy Bernard, who had last been seen in the episode "The Return", as he was attending anger management classes. At the time "The Return" aired, no one was certain Helms would be returning, but in early February, NBC confirmed Helms had been hired on as a series regular for the rest of the year.
In early 2007, the first half of "The Negotiation" was screened before fans at Paleyfest, along with its preceding episode, "Cocktails". According to Eric Goldman of IGN, "the crowd reacted gleefully to watching the series in the group setting, with many females... laughing uproariously at the never ending stream of terrifically funny material." Part of "The Negotiation" involved Michael Scott reading the Wikipedia entry on negotiations for advice in his attempt to fend off Darryl's request for a pay raise. This scene triggered a plethora of activity around that particular article, as viewers added their own thoughts on the subject. It was ultimately placed into "semi-protection" mode by Wikipedia administrators to discourage false information and vandalism among anonymous IP users. One hundred edits were added before the security protection was added.
Reception.
"The Negotiation" first aired on April 5, 2007 in the United States on NBC as a "super-sized" episode, a term used by the network and media outlets to indicate an unusually long episode. According to Nielsen Media Research, it was viewed by an estimated 6.7 million people and earned a 3.2/10 ratings share among adults aged 18 to 49, the highest of the night. This means that it was seen by 3.2 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 10 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. 
The episode received generally positive reviews from television critics. IGN's Brian Zoromski rated "The Negotiation" 9.7 out of 10, an indication of an "amazing" episode. He opined that it "had something for everyone -- uncomfortable moments, laugh-out-loud ridiculous situations, and scenes progressing various ongoing storylines." Writing for AOL TV, Jay Black sympathized with Roy's actions but faulted the writers for "just treading water" with the Jim-Pam relationship. Though he called the episode a "let down", Black did find some episode highlights, such as Angela "lusty" responses to Dwight's defense of Jim. Television Without Pity graded the episode with an A.
In her review for Give Me My Remote, Kath Skerry wrote that the episode "left me satisfied and smiling," partly attributing this to Roy's attack as a "way to make a very heavy, not do funny moment hysterical." She again expressed her dislike for Karen, but thought it "was a fun episode for my two favorite Dunder Mifflin couples: Ryan & Kelly and Dwight & Angela." "Entertainment Weekly" columnist Abby West enjoyed the Dwight-Angela scenes, asserting that "some of the best moments on screen are when those two let their freak flags fly." For his work on this episode, Michael Schur received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series, but lost to Greg Daniels for his work on "Gay Witch Hunt".

</doc>
<doc id="9846924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846924" title="Voices in the Wind">
Voices in the Wind

Voices in the Wind is the follow-up to Bogguss's platinum-selling "Aces". It earned her a second straight gold record and her highest-charting single ever, the #2 cover of John Hiatt's "Drive South."
"Letting Go," a single from "Aces" which was co-written by Bogguss's husband Doug Crider, peaked at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart not long before the release of "Voices in the Wind". In an effort to capitalize on the single's success, it was included on the later album as well.
Certifications.
RIAA Certification

</doc>
<doc id="9846939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846939" title="Carnivorous Erection">
Carnivorous Erection

Carnivorous Erection is the second full length album by goregrind band Regurgitate. It was released on October 20, 2000 by Relapse Records. The picture LP version was released in 2001 by Morbid Records. The album cover was named one of the worst album covers of all time by the staff of Pitchfork Media.

</doc>
<doc id="9846959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846959" title="List of streets in Athens">
List of streets in Athens

This article is a list of notable streets in Athens, Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="9846966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846966" title="Saudi Crown Prince Cup">
Saudi Crown Prince Cup

The Crown Prince Cup, officially known as (Arabic: كأس ولي العهد), is the top knockout tournament of the Saudi Arabia football. 
The King's Cup, officially known as (Arabic: كأس الملك), was a Saudi football tournament created in 1956. Due to time constraints, saturation and club pressure, the competition didn't last, being cancelled in 1990.
Winners.
King's Cup.
Source:
Performance by club.
1"including one title as Al-Thaghar"

</doc>
<doc id="9846983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846983" title="Marina Lima">
Marina Lima

Marina Correia Lima (, born September 17, 1955) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. She is a prominent female pioneer of Brazilian rock music.
Career.
From the age of five to twelve, Mas before achieving major success with the 1984 album "Fullgás", which included the hit singles "Fullgás", "Me Chama" (written by Lobão), "Veneno" and "Mesmo que Seja Eu".
In 1986 she released the first home video concert by a Brazilian artist, "Todas Ao Vivo" which chronicled the tour in support of her 1985 album "Todas" and included several of her previous hits as well as backstage interviews. The late 80s saw Marin".
Marina finally returned to prominence with the release of 2003's Acústico MTV (the Brazilian equivalent of the MTV Unplugged series), which spawned two top 10 hit singles (the new track "Sugar" and a reworked version of her 1984 hit "Fullgas") and became her best selling album in over a decade. The DVD (the first of her career) was also one of the year's best sellers. Her most recent album is 2006's Lá Nos Primórdios. Marina is currently working on the editing of the show's DVD, to be released in early 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9847000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847000" title="Isabella (grape)">
Isabella (grape)

The Isabella grape is a cultivar derived from the grape species "Vitis labrusca" or 'fox grape' which is used for table, juice and wine production.
Appearance and use.
The skin of Isabella when ripened is a dark purple, almost black with a tender green-yellow flesh. It has large well formed fruit clusters with thick bloom. It is a slip skin variety, meaning that the skin separates easily from the fruit. The grapes are used to make wine, most notably Uhudler and Fragolino. The Isabella being of the genus "Vitis x Labruscana" imparts a "foxiness" to the wine and because of this is thought to be objectionable, therefore it is not seen as a grape capable of making fine wines. For the table the flavour is good though with the astringent tough skin and "foxy" aroma is objectionable for some tastes.
The deciduous vine is very easy to propagate. When the vine is bare of leaves in winter, it is good to prune the vine back by about one-third. Save the branches that are 15cm long and pencil-thick. Cut straight across at the proximal end (nearest the root), and oblique at the distal end. Put a bundle of about 10 cuttings in potting mix, the flat ends down, and keep reasonable moist throughout winter. They will sprout leaves and roots in spring. Divide and plant out.
History.
Isabella, although popularly classified as being of "Vitis labrusca" parentage, is almost certainly a cross with an unknown "Vitis vinifera", illustrated by the susceptibility to mildew and black rot. It is thought that it resulted from random pollination when European "Vitis vinifera" grapes were attempted to be established in America. It was popularly thought to have been discovered by a Mrs Isabella Gibbs of South Carolina in 1816, however there is conflicting information with other sources stating it was found in Virginia, Delaware and Europe. Isabella vines were heavily imported into Europe in the early 19th century and it is said that it is probably that the "phylloxera" was introduced into Europe on the roots of Isabella — Isabella having a resistance to the "phylloxera".
Modern history.
Isabella is no longer a commercially important grape as it produces poor wines due to its "labrusca" inheritance and new plantings were banned in France after 1934, however as a high yielding grape capable of withstanding tropical and semi-tropical conditions, it has been planted in Portugal, Bali, Japan, and various locations in the southern hemisphere such as in Colombia and Brazil, where it is a leading grape variety, in the U.S. it is sparsely found in New York State. It is grown due to its phylloxera resistance and its cold hardiness. It was also brought to former Soviet nations of Georgia, Azerbaijan and Moldova from France through Odessa. That's one of the reasons this variety is also called "Odessa" among Georgians. Russian poet Osip Mandelstam had described Isabella as "fleshy and healthy like a cluster of night itself".
Aliases.
Isabella has over 50 aliases including: Albany Surprise, Alexander, Black Cape, Borgoña, Champania, Constantia, Dorchester, Fragola, Framboisier, Isabelle, Izabella, Odessa, Raisin De Cassis, Moschostaphylo, Kerkyraios,Tudum and Tzortzidika.

</doc>
<doc id="9847017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847017" title="Tiptoe Through the Tulips">
Tiptoe Through the Tulips

"Tiptoe Through the Tulips" is a popular song originally published in 1929. The song was written by Al Dubin (lyrics) and Joe Burke (music). 
Recording history.
‘Crooning Troubadour’ Nick Lucas’ recording of "Tip-Toe Through The Tulips" hit the top of the charts in May 1929. The song he introduced in the 1929 musical talkie "Gold Diggers of Broadway" held the #1 position for 10 weeks. Other artists charted the song in 1929, including Jean Goldkette (#5), Johnny Marvin (#11), and Roy Fox (#18).
The song was used in "Sinkin' in the Bathtub", the first Looney Tunes cartoon ever, in 1930. It is heard in the opening scene of the 1945 movie "The Confidential Agent".
The song was revived in 1967 by the California rock group The Humane Society and in 1968 by Tiny Tim, whose version charted at #17 that year. It was also covered by Uke til U Puke and The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.
In popular culture.
In the 1976 movie "The Pink Panther Strikes Again", Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) plays the song on the pipe organ as his super weapon destroys him and his castle hideout.
The song was sung by the Robot in "Lost in Space".
The song was mentioned in the book "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". Vernon Dursley was humming the song while he boarded up small cracks around the front and back doors of his house so he could stop letters from Hogwarts reaching his nephew. 
The song was featured in the 2011 horror film "Insidious" a number of times throughout, and in the thriller film "Wrecked" as a radiotune.
The song is played every year by the Holland High School marching band in the Tulip Time festival parades each May in Holland, Michigan.
Comedian Ilja Richter sang his own version, "Tip Tap in die Tulpen".

</doc>
<doc id="9847022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847022" title="Winifred Bonfils">
Winifred Bonfils

Winifred Sweet Black Bonfils (October 14, 1863, Chilton, Wisconsin – May 25, 1936, San Francisco, California) was an American reporter and columnist.
Career.
Bonfils wrote for William Randolph Hearst's news syndicate writing as Winifred Black, and for the "San Francisco Examiner" as Annie Laurie. She was one of the most prominent "sob sisters", a label given female reporters who wrote human interest stories. Her first husband was Orlow Black, and her second was publisher Charles Bonfils.
After writing to the "Chicago Tribune", she was hired for a short time then in 1890 she found work at the "San Francisco Examiner".
She is famous for staging a fainting on the street to test emergency services in San Francisco which were found wanting, resulting in a major scandal and institution of ambulance service. In 1900, she dressed as a boy and was the first reporter on the line at the Galveston Hurricane of 1900. She delivered an exclusive and Hearst sent relief supplies by train.
She covered the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and had a front row seat at the murder trial of Harry Thaw in 1907. Her coverage of the trial and descriptions of Thaw's wife Evelyn Nesbit earned her the label of "sob sister".
She reported from Europe during the First World War, later becoming a columnist.
She wrote a biography of Phoebe Apperson Hearst, "The Life and Personality of Phoebe Apperson Hearst".
The name "Annie Laurie" was a tribute to her contemporary Nellie Bly. Her funeral was nearly a state event in San Francisco. Her body lay in state at the city hall.
Family.
Bonfils was the daughter of Civil War General Benjamin Sweet.
She was married in June 1891 to Orlow Black, a fellow worker on a morning San Francisco newspaper. They had one son in 1892. On September 13, 1897, she filed for divorce, charging Black with cruelty. "The divorce complaint pictures Mrs. Black as the breadwinner of the family."

</doc>
<doc id="9847036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847036" title="GTP-binding protein regulators">
GTP-binding protein regulators

GTP-binding protein regulators regulate G proteins in several different ways. Small GTPases act as molecular switches in signaling pathways, which act to regulate functions of other proteins. They are "active" or 'ON' when it is bound to GTP and "inactive" or 'OFF' when bound to GDP. Activation and deactivation of small GTPases can be regarded as occurring in a cycle, between the GTP-bound and GDP-bound form, regulated by other regulatory proteins. 
Exchangers.
The inactive form of GTPases (GDP-form) are activated by a class of proteins called Guanosine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs). GEFs catalyse nucleotide exchange by encouraging the release of GDP from the small GTPase (by displacement of the small GTPase-associated Mg2+ ion) and GDP's replacement by GTP (which is in at least a 10-fold excess within the cell) . Inactivation of the active small GTPase is achieved through hydrolysis of the GTP by the small GTPase's intrinsic GTP hydrolytic activity. 
Stimulators.
The rate of GTP hydrolysis for small GTPases is generally too slow to create physiologically relevant transient signals, and thus requires another class of regulatory proteins to accelerate this activity, the GTPase activating proteins (GAPs).
Inhibitors.
Another class of regulatory proteins, the Guanosine nucleotide dissociation inhibitors (GDIs), bind to the GDP-bound form of Rho and Rab small GTPases and not only prevent exchange (maintaining the small GTPase in an off-state), but also prevent the small GTPase from localizing at the membrane, which is their place of action.

</doc>
<doc id="9847049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847049" title="Sickening Bliss">
Sickening Bliss

Sickening Bliss is the fourth full length album by Swedish goregrind band Regurgitate, released in 2006 by Relapse Records. For vinyl releases, there is the yellow splatter vinyl limited to 1000, red limited to 500, and clear limited to 100. There is also a censored cover that focuses on the womans face.

</doc>
<doc id="9847051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847051" title="Intercentre Lux">
Intercentre Lux

Intercentre Lux is a Transnistrian textile company producing clothing and other textile products. The company owns two factories in Tiraspol and one in Dubossary, as well as retail outlets in all major towns and cities of Transnistria. It was established in 1992.
The products of Intercentre Lux are exported to Austria, Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, and the USA[http://centrelux.com/?id=2&lang=en]. Among others, Calvin Klein clothing is produced in Transnistria by Intercentre Lux.

</doc>
<doc id="9847054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847054" title="Heart of Fire">
Heart of Fire

Heart of Fire is a 3-page comic written by John Ostrander. It was published in three parts from May through July 2001. The story is set in the "Star Wars" galaxy two years after the Battle of Naboo in ', and 30 years before the Battle of Yavin in '.
Synopsis.
After the events of "", Jedi Master Quinlan Vos recovers in the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. While in the Meditation Garden Master Vos is interrupted by a young female Twi'lek Padawan. Quinlan recognizes the girl as the one whose Master died by the hands of Aurra Sing: Xiaan Amersu. Xiaan asks about Aayla Secura and offers Quinlan a shiney stone called the Heart of Fire. This stone was once his, but he gave it to Aayla, and she passed it to Xiaan. Now Xiaan gives it back to Quinlan. She insists that Quinlan reads the images of the stone, and he does...

</doc>
<doc id="9847084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847084" title="Higher and Higher (musical)">
Higher and Higher (musical)

Higher and Higher is a musical comedy with music by Richard Rodgers, lyrics by Lorenz Hart, and book by Gladys Hurlbut and Joshua Logan and produced by Dwight Deere Wiman. It ran on Broadway for 84 performances in 1940. 
Production.
"Higher and Higher" premiered on Broadway at the Shubert Theatre on April 4, 1940 and closed on June 15, 1940 after 84 performances. It played a return engagement at the Shubert Theatre from August 5, 1940 to August 24, 1940.
It was directed by Joshua Logan, with choreography by Robert Alton, scenic design by Jo Mielziner and costume design by Lucinda Ballard. The cast starred Jack Haley, Marta Eggerth, and Shirley Ross, with Leif Erickson and Lee Dixon and included Vera Ellen and June Allyson.
A film based on the stage musical was released in 1943, starring Haley.

</doc>
<doc id="9847103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847103" title="Merv McIntosh">
Merv McIntosh

Mervyn Frederick "Merv" McIntosh (25 November 1922 – 3 May 2010) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) West Australian National Football League (WANFL). A brilliant ruckman, he was awarded the Sandover Medal as the fairest and best player in the league three times while playing with the Perth Football Club.
Playing career.
Merv McIntosh played 217 games for Perth (severely curtailed by the World War II years), plus 20 state games for Western Australia in the period 1939 to 1955. In a richly rewarded career he won three Sandover Medals, three Simpson Medals and a Tassie Medal (as the best player at the 1953 Adelaide National Football Carnival). He was named in the 1953 All-Australian Team.
His Simpson Medal winning performance in his last game, propelling Perth to a two-point victory in the 1955 grand final (Perth's first for 48 years), is legendary. At half-time, East Fremantle had a 34-point lead, but in the third quarter McIntosh led his side to get within two points at the last change. In the final quarter, kicking into the wind, Perth managed to get in front and hold East Fremantle at bay to win 11.11 (77) to 11.9 (75). McIntosh's strategy was to stay in the dead pocket and repeatedly knock the ball out-of-bounds.
He won seven best and fairest awards for his club. He is depicted in a Western Australian state guernsey in Jamie Cooper's painting "The Game That Made Australia", commissioned by the AFL in 2008 to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the sport.
Honours.
The Merv McIntosh Entrance to the Subiaco Oval is named in his honour.
In 1996, Merv McIntosh was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
In 2004, he was inducted into Legend Status in the West Australian Football Hall of Fame.
War service.
McIntosh enlisted with the Australian Army in 1941 and was discharged in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="9847150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847150" title="Irene D. Long">
Irene D. Long

Irene Duhart Long (born 16 November 1950) is an American physician and was an official at the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration. She was the first female Chief Medical Officer at the Kennedy Space Center.
Long was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the daughter of Andrew and Heloweise Davis Duhart. She graduated from East High School in Cleveland, and in 1973, she received her bachelor's degree in Biology from Northwestern University. In 1977, Long received her medical degree from the Saint Louis University School of Medicine followed by residencies at the Cleveland Clinic, Mt. Sinai Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio, and Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio, where she received her Masters of Science degree in aerospace medicine.
In 1982 Long went to work for NASA as a physician. In 1994, she was appointed director of the Biomedical Operations and Research Office at the Kennedy Space Center. In 2000, she was appointed as Chief Medical Officer and Associate Director of Spaceport Services at the Kennedy Space Center. She retired, and David Tipton assumed the duties as Chief Medical Officer in 2013.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="9847177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847177" title="-er">
-er

In English, the -er suffix can signify:

</doc>
<doc id="9847202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847202" title="Vincent Waller">
Vincent Waller

Vincent Waller (born September 30, 1960) is a writer, artist and animator. He was writer and director for "The Ren & Stimpy Show" (during the Spümcø era of the show), directing the popular episodes Rubber Nipple Salesmen and Big Baby Scam.
Waller produced and directed shorts for Fred Seibert's Oh Yeah! Cartoons. He also co-created What is Funny?, adapting the Harvey Kurtzman comic Hey Look!, as well as creating Pete Patrick Private Investigator (featuring Pete Patrick and his pal Persian Puss).
He was a storyboard artist and writer on a wide range of shows:
He has also worked as technical director on SpongeBob SquarePants for a season, and supervised the first season of Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law and also worked on The Oblongs as a director and later as re-take director.
He was also a sheet timing director for the unaired Nickelodeon pilot The Modifyers.
He is currently working as creative director on SpongeBob SquarePants Season 4-present, taking Derek Drymon's place.
He is also the creative director for The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9847218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847218" title="Agnieszka Osiecka">
Agnieszka Osiecka

Agnieszka Osiecka (October 9, 1936 in Warsaw, Poland – March 7, 1997) was a poet, writer, author of theatre and television screenplays, film director and journalist. She was a prominent Polish songwriter, having authored the lyrics to more than 2000 songs, and is considered an icon of Polish culture.
Life and career.
Agnieszka was the only child of Wiktor Osiecki, a pianist and composer, and Maria Sztechman-Osiecka, a scholar. She spent her early years in the small town of Zakopane in the Tatry mountains where Wiktor Osiecki used to play the piano at the Watra Restaurant. After World War II the Osiecki family moved to Warsaw and settled in the Saska Kępa borough. The small flat, number 3 at 25 Dabrowiecka St., soon became Agnieszka Osiecka’s favourite place to work. She lived there almost her entire life and a commemorative plaque has been placed on the building by the "Okularnicy" Foundation.
Agnieszka was exceptionally gifted. She completed her coursework much more quickly than other students and graduated from Marie Curie-Skłodowska High School in 1952. She trained as a swimmer at Legia Sports Club and studied journalism at the University of Warsaw (1957–1961) and film-directing at the prestigious National Film School in Łódź (1957–1961). She quickly realised that she possessed neither the organisational talent nor the ability to manage big groups. She preferred the outcome of her work to depend mostly on her own efforts so she dropped film-directing and started writing. Osiecka published essays and articles in the student press during her university years. She joined the famous Student Satirical Theatre (STS) in 1954 and wrote 166 political and lyrical songs for this company. She used to say "I am a journalist, that is why some of my songs are reports which rhyme." She served on the artistic board of the STS Theatre until it closed in 1972.
1962 two marked her debut on Polish National Radio. Renown Polish actress Kalina Jedrusik sang Agnieszka's lyrics to a hit song by Franciszka Leszczyńska called "My First Ball" ("Mój pierwszy bal"). One year later at the first National Festival of Polish Song in Opole in 1963 Agnieszka achieved a major success winning the main prize and six other prizes for her lyrics: „Piosenka o Okularnikach“ (music by Jarosław Abram), as well as „Białe małżeństwo,“ „Czerwony kapturek,“ "Kochankowie z ulicy Kamiennej,“ „Solo na kontrabasie“ and „Ulice wielkich miast.“
She was now recognised as a prominent young poet and the Polish National Radio offered her a job to create and lead a team to broadcast "The Radio Song Studio." There she met many talented composers and during the seven years of its existence the team managed to record and play 500 new songs and to introduce young upcoming singers who later became stars of the Polish music scene including Ewa Demarczyk, Maryla Rodowicz, Łucja Prus, Wojciech Młynarski, and the Alibabki and Skaldowie bands.
In addition to her song writing Agnieszka also worked on theatre and television productions. Together with composer Adam Sławiński she wrote a series called „Listy śpiewające“ ("Singing Letters“). Her first major theatre show „Niech no tylko zakwitną jabłonie“ ("Let the Apple-trees Bloom") was staged at the Ateneum Theatre and became an instant success. She liked to try different literary genres: monodramas, collages, musicals, novels, short stories, children stories, plays for children (including one opera for children), radio shows, poems and even advertising.
Agnieszka Osiecka’s lyrics were set to music by a number of outstanding Polish composers: Krzysztof Komeda, Seweryn Krajewski, Adam Sławiński, Zygmunt Konieczny, Katarzyna Gaertner, Jacek Mikuła and many, many more. The best singers and actors wanted her to write for them. Among her favorite performers were Maryla Rodowicz, Kalina Jędrusik, Magda Umer, Seweryn Krajewski and Krystyna Janda.
Agnieszka's incredibly complex and curious personality compelled her to travel, correspond with interesting people, and take photographs throughout her adult life. She was rather scared of stability never strove to achieve it. Agnieszka Osiecka and her partner, the famous journalist Daniel Passent, had their only child, a daughter, Agata Passent, in 1973.
The Masurian Lake District, especially the tiny village of Krzyże and the forester’s lodge in Pranie were among Agnieszka Osiecka’s favorite places in Poland. She liked to vacation there in the 1960s and 1970s with a group of upcoming Polish intellectuals and artists. The coast of the Baltic Sea was also an important place for her. As a student she worked there for one of the local newspapers and in the autumn of her life she wrote for the Atelier Theatre in Sopot. She was a frequent visitor to the Halama writers' retreat house in Zakopane, in the Tatry Mountains.
Agnieszka Osiecka published numerous books and released many records (see the full list at www.okularnicy.org.pl). She is considered one of the most important, prolific and gifted persons in postwar Polish culture and history. Agnieszka Osiecka died on March 7, 1997 after a few years of struggle with colon cancer and alcoholism. She is buried at the Powązki Cemetery in Warsaw.
The Agnieszka Osiecka Okularnicy Foundation was founded by her daughter shortly after the poet's death. The Okularnicy Foundation promotes Agnieszka Osiecka’s work, runs the Poet‘s Archive, organizes annual singing competition „Let us Remember Agnieszka Osiecka“, manages the Internet archive (www.archiwumagnieszkiosieckiej.pl), and publishes books.

</doc>
<doc id="9847219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847219" title="Eda Nemoede Casterton">
Eda Nemoede Casterton

Eda Nemoede Casterton (1877–1969) was an American painter known specifically for her portrait miniatures in watercolor, pastels and oil. She exhibited works at the Paris Salon and the San Francisco Panama-Pacific Exhibition of 1915, among others. Her works are at the Smithsonian American Art Museum and the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
She lived in Wisconsin as a child, Illinois during much of her active adult life, and Montana and California in her later years.
Personal life.
Eda Wilhelmina Nemoede was born in Brillion, Wisconsin on April 14, 1877 to Edward Carl Ludwig Nemoede and Maria Georgina Bastian of German ancestry. They had 11 children, eight of whom reached adulthood. Her father was a harness maker. Six of her elder siblings, from oldest to youngest, were Bertha, Agnes, Rudolph, Anna, Hattie and Herman. Bertha was 16 years older than Eda.
As a young girl she painted on the walls of her schoolhouse, to the dismay of her teacher and family. Although she had a desire to become an artist, her family thought it was more practical for her to study to become a stenographer, and she then worked for attorney Peter Martineau as a secretary.
Following the death of her father March 6, 1895 in Oconto, Wisconsin, Eda lived in Chicago with her mother. In 1900 she lived in Chicago with her mother Mary and sisters Hattie and Alma Caroline and worked as a stenographer. In 1910, Eda was the breadwinner for the household, working as an artist. With her were her mother and nieces, Eda L. and Aeta V. Nemoede.
On June 29, 1911 in Chicago, Illinois, Eda Nemoede married William John Casterton. Their first daughter, Jane was born in 1912. Two years later her mother, Mary Nemoede, died in the same city on December 8, 1914. Their second daughter, Virginia was born in February 1917.
William Casterton died February 9, 1948 in Evanston, Illinois. In 1952 she moved to Missoula, Montana where she continued to work as an artist and lived with her sister.
She died November 15, 1969, at Palos Verdes Estates, California, aged 92 years old.
She was a Christian Scientist.
Education.
Nemoede studied at the Minnesota or Minneapolis School of Fine Arts. She began studying the painting of miniatures at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago during her lunch hour as a stenographer. Of painting miniatures, she said that they were "small paintings painted in a big way." She studied at AIC with Virginia Richmond Reynolds, a noted artist in her own right and considered the most accomplished miniature American painter of the time. Once she was no longer applied as a stenographer, she took more classes and helped her teacher complete commissioned works of art.
An article in the "Chicago Chronicle", dated June 21, 1903, stated, "Eda Nemoede bids fair to become one of the greatest miniature painters of America and those who have seen her work praise it unstintingly."
She saved money so that she could study in Paris, where Nemoede studied with Henry Salem Hubbell during her years in France. Weeks after arriving in Paris, her work was exhibited at the Paris Salon and it received an honorable mention.
Career.
Artist and instructor.
Her works at that time were done in watercolor on thin sheets of ivory, like the portraits "Miss Goss" and "Little Girl". Her work was described in the article "When Small is Big", "Each is a well-realized, strongly modeled, carefully detailed portrait. They were praised for their poetic evocation of mood as well as fidelity to physical likeness. The skin tones are clear and delicate."
She enjoyed painting children, having said "I want to paint children in the sunshine, young girls out of doors with the wind in their hair and the sky's deep blue in their eyes."
In 1905, Nemoede went to Paris and received favorable attention from the Paris Salon. She exhibited several portraits and was on the Art Committee for the annual Art Institute of Chicago in 1907.
Casterton returned from Paris in 1908 and began teaching at the Art Institute of Chicago.
Once married, Eda Nemoede Casterton continued as an artist, creating art work in oil or pastels, as well as watercolor miniatures. In 1913 she exhibited a portrait of her daughter, Jane, at the annual Art Institute of Chicago exhibition. She exhibited "Mae Olson" (1906) at the City Art Museum of St. Louis in 1916. She exhibited four miniature portraits at the 1918 exhibition for the Chicago Society of Miniature Painters, including "Elizabeth Kennedy".
Even as miniature painting become less popular, she continued to work as successful painter and continued to received international recognition. She began making full-size portraits in the 1920s, including having used a miniature of a U.S. Army lieutenant during Thomas Jefferson's presidency. She continued to exhibit her works in solo and group exhibitions.
Recognition and memberships.
Casterton received Honorable Mention at the International Art Union (Paris) in 1907 and 1908, was awarded a Silver Medal at the Panama-Pacific International Exposition of 1915, and a Bronze medal at the Sesqui-Centennial Exposition at Philadelphia of 1926.
Casterton was a member of the American Society of Miniature Painters, British Royal Society of Miniature Painters, Royal Society of Miniature Painters, and the Pennsylvania Societies of Miniature Painters. In 1914 she was the vice president of the Chicago Societies of Miniature Painters. Between 1949 and 1951 she received awards at the League of the American Pen Women Exhibitions.
Collections.
Her works are held by the Smithsonian Institution, The Brooklyn Museum of Art and The John H. Vanderpoel Art Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9847249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847249" title="Alan Cardy">
Alan Cardy

Allan Cardy (born in Katoomba, NSW) was a representative of Australia in rugby union. He played for the Drummoyne club in Sydney before switching to other rugby code – rugby league in 1969. However his wing-threequarters career never reached any great heightd in rugby league after suffering a broken leg in the pre-season.

</doc>
<doc id="9847268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847268" title="Adam Sławiński">
Adam Sławiński

Adam Sławiński (born 27 November 1935, Leśniczówka) is a Polish composer.
In the years 1957–1962, he worked as an editor of music in Telewizja Polska. Then he composed music for television series and has written music for some 40 films and serials. In the years 1974–1975, he was deputy managing editor of the music of Polskie Radio and in the years 1990–1991, he was director of the Program 2 Polskiego Radia.
Sławinski also wrote many of Poland's popular songs.
Selected filmography.
Soundtracks: 

</doc>
<doc id="9847270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847270" title="The Financial Expert">
The Financial Expert

The Financial Expert is a 1952 novel by R. K. Narayan. It takes place, as do many other novels and short stories by this author, in the town of Malgudi. The central character in this book is the financial expert Margayya, who offers advice to his fellow townspeople from under his position at the banyan tree. He is a man of many aspirations and this novel delves into some level of psychological analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="9847291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847291" title="Charles H. Stockton Professor of International Law">
Charles H. Stockton Professor of International Law

The Charles H. Stockton Chair of International Law at the United States Naval War College has its origins in the Naval War College's oldest civilian academic post. The first civilian academic at the College, James R. Soley was appointed in 1885 to lecture on the subject of International Law. Dr. Freeman Snow of Harvard University gave lectures on the subject in 1894, but his death in the midst of the academic program led the College to appoint Commander Charles Stockton to complete his lectures and to publish them for the use of the Navy. Stockton prepared a new edition in 1898, teaching classes in the subject. In 1901, Professoe John Bassett Moore lectured on International Law and recommended that the College appoint Harvard University Law professor George Grafton Wilson as the visiting professor. Wilson lectured annually from 1901 to 1937. From 1946 to 1953, Professor Manley Hudson of Harvard regularly came from Cambridge to give the College's International Law lectures. 
On 11 July 1951, the Chief of Naval Personnel approved the formal establishment of a full-time professorship of International Law to replace the part-time position that had existed previously. In 1967, the Secretary of the Navy officially designated the academic post as the Charles H. Stockton Chair of International Law in honor of Rear Admiral Charles Stockton, a former faculty member and President of the Naval War College, who had been the U.S. Navy's first uniformed expert in International Law.

</doc>
<doc id="9847293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847293" title="List of USHL award winners">
List of USHL award winners

List of United States Hockey League award winners.
Player awards.
Curt Hammer Award.
2012-13 Ryan Siiro, Sioux Falls
2011-12 Mike Ambrosia, Youngstown
2010-11 Tommy Olvzyk, Sioux City
2009-10 Derek Arnold, Waterloo
2008-09 Mike Walsh, Chicago
2007-08 Joey Miller, Sioux City
2006-07 Zach Redmond, Sioux Falls
2005-06 Trevor Lewis, Des Moines
2004-05 Christian Hanson, Tri-City
2003-04 Topher Scott, Chicago
2002-03 Jake Taylor, Green Bay
2001-02 Nick Anderson, Chicago
2000-01 Corey McLean, Chicago
1999-00 Aaron Gill, Rochester
1998-99 Noah Clarke, Des Moines
1997-98 Shaun Winkler, North Iowa
1996-97 Mark Eaton, Waterloo
1995-96 Jeremy Bautch, Rochester
1994-95 Brad Frattaroli, Des Moines
1993-94 Nick Krueger, Des Moines
1992-93 Eric Rud, Des Moines
1991-92 Mike Figliomeni, Thunder Bay
1990-91 Brent Cary, Omaha
1989-90 Sean Marson, Sioux City
1988-89 Jay Ness, Rochester
Dave Tyler Junior Player of the Year Award.
2012-13 Taylor Cammarata, Waterloo Blackhawks
2009-10 Matt White, Omaha Lancers
2008-09 Andrew Miller, Chicago Steel
2007-08 Jack Connolly, Sioux Falls Stampede
2006-07 Jeff Petry, Des Moines Buccaneers
2005-06 Trevor Lewis, Des Moines Buccaneers
2004-05 Jeff Lerg, Omaha Lancers
2003-04 Joe Pavelski, Waterloo Black Hawks
2002-03 Ryan Potulny, Lincoln Stars
2001-02 NAHL-player
2000-01 Chris Fournier, Lincoln Stars
1999-00 Aaron Smith, Green Bay Gamblers
1998-99 Peter Fregoe, Des Moines Buccaneers
1997-98 Nate DiCasmirro, North Iowa Huskies
1996-97 Karl Goehring, Fargo-Moorhead Ice Sharks
1995-96 NAHL-player
1994-95 NAHL-player
1993-94 Jason Blake, Waterloo
USHL Player of the Year.
2012-13 Taylor Cammarata, Waterloo
2011-12 Kevin Roy, Lincoln
2010-11 Blake Coleman, Indiana
2000-10 Matt White, Omaha
2008-09 Andrew Miller, Chicago
2007-08 Jason Gregoire, Lincoln
2006-07 Phil DeSimone, Sioux City
2005-06 Trevor Lewis, Des Moines
2004-05 Jeff Lerg, Omaha
2003-04 Mike Howe, River City
2002-03 Ryan Potulny, Lincoln
2001-02 Bobby Goepfert, Cedar Rapids
2000-01 Chris Fournier, Lincoln
1999-00 Dan Ellis, Omaha
1998-99 Pete Fregoe, Des Moines
1997-98 Nate DiCasmirro, North Iowa
1996-97 Karl Goehring, Fargo-Moorhead
1995-96 Jeff Panzer, Fargo-Moorhead
1994-95 Scott Swanson, Omaha
1993-94 Jason Blake, Waterloo
1992-93 Eric Rud, Des Moines
1991-92 Peter Ferraro, Waterloo
1990-91 Gary Kitching, Thunder Bay
1989-90 Kurt Miller, Rochester
1988-89 Mark Karpen, North Iowa
1987-88 Mike O'Hara, Rochester
1986-87 Terry Menard, Thunder Bay
1985-86 Tim Ferguson, Sioux City
1984-85 Scott Shoffstall, Sioux City
1983-84 Jay Cates, St. Paul
USHL Rookie of the Year.
2012-13 Jake Guentzel, Sioux City
2011-12 Tayler Cammarata, Waterloo
2010-11 John Gaudreau, Dubuque
2009-10 Anders Lee, Green Bay
2008-09 Louis Leblanc, Omaha
2007-08 Jack Connolly, Sioux Falls
2006-07 Max Pacioretty, Sioux City
2005-06 Kyle Okposo, Des Moines
2004-05 Chad Rau, Des Moines
2003-04 Matt Ford, Sioux Falls
2002-03 Joe Pavelski, Waterloo
2001-02 Danny Richmond, Chicago
2000-01 Brandon Bochenski, Lincoln
1999-00 Troy Riddle, Des Moines
1998-99 Tyler Palmiscno, Sioux City
1997-98 Mark Cullen, Fargo-Moorhead
1996-97 Karl Goehring, Fargo-Moorhead
1993-94 Terry Jarkowsky, Waterloo
Forward of the Year.
2012-13 Taylor Cammarata, Waterloo 
2011-12 Kevin Roy, Lincoln
2010-11 Blake Coleman, Indiana
2009-10 Jaden Schwartz, Tri-City
2008-09 Andrew Miller, Chicago
2007-08 Jason Gregoire, Lincoln
2006-07 Phil DeSimone, Sioux City
2005-06 Trevor Lewis, Des Moines
2004-05 Dan Riedel, Lincoln
2003-04 Mike Howe, River City
2002-03 Ryan Potulny, Lincoln
2001-02 Vince Bellissimo, Topeka
2000-01 Chris Fournier, Lincoln
1999-00 Peter Sejna, Des Moines
1998-99 Pete Fregoe, Des Moines
1997-98 Nate DiCasmirro, North Iowa
1996-97 Mike Lephart, Omaha
1995-96 Jeff Panzer, Fargo-Moorhead
1994-95 David Hoogsteen, Thunder Bay
1993-94 Jason Blake, Waterloo
1992-93 Neil Donovan, Omaha
1991-92 Peter Ferraro, Waterloo
1990-91 Chris Ferraro, Dubuque
1989-90 Kurt Miller, Rochester
1988-89 Greg Johnson, Thunder Bay
1987-88 Bob Nardella, Des Moines
1986-87 Terry Menard, Thunder Bay
1985-86 Tim Ferguson, Sioux City
1984-85 Scott Shoffstall, Sioux City
1983-84 Jay Cates, St. Paul
Defenseman of the Year.
2012-13 Paul LaDue, Lincoln 
2011-12 Andy Welinski, Green Bay
2010-11 Nick Mattson, Indiana
2009-10 David Makowski, Green Bay
2008-09 John Moore, Chicago
2007-08 Blake Kessel, Waterloo
2006-07 Jeff Petry, Des Moines
2005-06 Nick Schaus, Omaha
2004-05 Brett Motherwell, Omaha
2003-04 Mike Hodgson, Sioux City
2002-03 Matt Carle, River City
2001-02 Brett Skinner, Des Moines
2000-01 Jamie Mattie, Sioux Falls
1999-00 Jeff Finger, Green Bay
1998-99 Tom Preissing, Green Bay
1997-98 Jason Basile, Des Moines
1996-97 Doug Schmidt, Waterloo
1995-96 Josh DeWolf, St. Paul
1994-95 Scott Swanson, Omaha
1993-94 Dave Dupont, Des Moines
1992-93 Eric Rud, Des Moines
1991-92 Andrew Backen, Thunder Bay
1990-91 Paul Koch, Omaha
1989-90 John Gruden, Waterloo
1988-89 Mark Peterson, St. Paul
1987-88 Chris Nelson, Rochester
1986-87 Darren Sheehan, Thunder Bay
1985-86 Kord Cernick, Dubuque
1984-85 Mike Castellano, Austin
1983-84 Doug Clagger, Dubuque
Goaltender of the Year.
2012-13 Kevin Lindskoug, Muskegon
2011-12 Ryan McKay, Green Bay & Zane Gothberg, Fargo
2010-11 Brady Hjelle, Cedar Rapids
2009-10 Steven Summerhays, Green Bay
2008-09 Mike Lee, Fargo
2007-08 David Reekie, Lincoln
2006-07 Drew Palmisano, Omaha
2005-06 Alex Stalock, Cedar Rapids
2004-05 Jeff Lerg, Omaha
2003-04 Phil Lamoureux, Lincoln
2002-03 Dominic Vicari, River City
2001-02 Bobby Goepfert, Cedar Rapids
2000-01 Jure Penko, Green Bay
1999-00 Dan Ellis, Omaha
1998-99 Tony Zasowski, Omaha
1997-98 Josh Blackburn, Lincoln
1996-97 Karl Goehring, Fargo-Moorhead
1995-96 Mike Correia, Omaha
1994-95 Aaron Vicker, Omaha
1993-94 Terry Jarkowsky, Waterloo
1992-93 Bob Petrie, Omaha
1991-92 Paul Sass, Des Moines
1990-91 Chris Burns, Thunder Bay
1989-90 Jeff Levy, Rochester
1988-89 Corey Chwialkowski, Rochester
1987-88 Mike O'Hara, Rochester
1986-87 Pat Sztrum, Thunder Bay
1985-86 Chad Meyhoff, Rochester
1984-85 Chad Meyhoff, Austin
1983-84 Craig Shermoen, St. Paul
All-USHL First Team.
2009-10 Matt White (Forward), Omaha Lancers
2009-10 Jaden Schwartz (Forward), Tri-City Storm
2009-10 Anders Lee (Forward), Green Bay Gamblers
2009-10 David Makowski (Defense), Green Bay Gamblers
2009-10 Bryce Aneloski (Defense), Cedar Rapids RoughRiders
2009-10 Steve Summerhays (Goalie), Green Bay Gamblers
All-USHL Second Team.
2009-10 J.T Brown (Forward), Waterloo Black Hawks
2009-10 Brock Montpetit (Forward), Waterloo Black Hawks
2009-10 Erik Haula (Forward), Omaha Lancers
2009-10 Anthony Bitetto (Defense), Indiana Ice
2009-10 C.J. Ludwig (Defense), Omaha Lancers
2009-10 Jeff Teglia (Goalie), Omaha Lancers
Staff awards.
Coach of the Year.
2012-13 Cary Eades, Sioux Falls
2011-12 Derek Lalonde, Green Bay
2010-11 Mark Carlson, Cedar Rapids
2009-10 Jon Cooper, Green Bay
2008-09 Dean Blais, Fargo
2007-08 Steve Poapst, Chicago
2006-07 P.K. O'Handley, Waterloo
2005-06 Kevin Hartzell, Sioux Falls
2004-05 Mark Carlson, Cedar Rapids
2003-04 Wil Nichol, Chicago
2002-03 P.K. O’Handley, Waterloo
2001-02 Mike Hastings, River City
2000-01 Steve Johnson, Lincoln
1999-00 Steve Johnson, Lincoln
1998-99 Mark Osiecki, Green Bay
1997-98 Dave Hakstol, Sioux City
1996-97 Mike Hastings, Omaha
1995-96 Steve Johnson, Fargo-Moorhead
1994-95 Bob Ferguson, Des Moines
1993-94 Scott Mikesch, Waterloo
1992-93 Mike Guentzel, Omaha
1991-92 Mike Guentzel, St. Paul
1990-91 Dave Siciliano, Thunder Bay
1989-90 Bob Ferguson, Sioux City
1988-89 Dave Siciliano, Thunder Bay
1987-88 Scott Owens, Madison
1986-87 Dave Siciliano, Thunder Bay
1985-86 Bob Ferguson, Sioux City
1984-85 Frank Serratore, Austin
1983-84 Kevin Hartzell, St. Paul
General Manager of the Year.
2012-13 Jim Montgomery, Dubuque
2011-12 P.K. O'Handley, Waterloo
2010-11 Jim Montgomery, Dubuque
2009-10 Jon Cooper, Green Bay
2008-09 Jon Cooper, Green Bay
2007-08 Mike Hastings, Omaha
2006-07 Mike Hastings, Omaha
2005-06 Regg Simon, Des Moines
2004-05 Mike Hastings, Omaha
2003-04 Bliss Littler, Tri-City
2002-03 P.K. O’Handley, Waterloo
2001-02 Mike Hastings, River City
2000-01 Steve Johnson, Lincoln
1999-00 Bob Motzko, Sioux Falls
1998-99 Scott Owens, Des Moines
1997-98 Scott Owens, Des Moines
1996-97 Mike Hastings, Omaha
1993-96 No Award
1992-93 Bob Ferguson, Des Moines
1991-92 Bob Ferguson, Des Moines
1990-91 Bob Ferguson, Des Moines
1989-90 Frank Serratore, Rochester
1988-89 Bob Motzko, North Iowa
1987-88 Mark Janes, Rochester
1986-87 Scott Owens, Madison
1985-86 Bob Ferguson, Sioux City
1984-85 Frank Serratore, Austin
1983-84 Ron Woodey, St. Paul
1982-83 Jack Barzee, Dubuque
Organization of the Year.
2012-13 Fargo Force
2011-12 Green Bay Gamblers
2010-11 Cedar Rapids RoughRiders
2009-10 Omaha Lancers
2008-09 Fargo Force
2007-08 Indiana Ice
2006-07 Waterloo Black Hawks
2005-06 Sioux Falls Stampede
2004-05 Waterloo Black Hawks
2003-04 Tri-City Storm
2002-03 Waterloo Black Hawks
2001-02 Sioux Falls Stampede
2000-01 Tri-City Storm
1999-00 Lincoln Stars
1998-99 Des Moines Buccaneers
1997-98 Des Moines Buccaneers
1996-97 Lincoln Stars
1995-96 Green Bay Gamblers
1994-95 Des Moines Buccaneers
1993-94 Omaha Lancers
Distinguished Service.
2004-05 Ron Woodey, Twin Cities; Jack Barzee, NHL Central Scouting
2003-04 David Tyler, USA Hockey; Ed and Billie Hanes, North Iowa; Ellis Moose, III, Des Moines
1997-98 Stanley Hubbard, Twin Cities; Ted Carlson, Sioux City

</doc>
<doc id="9847311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847311" title="Kevin White">
Kevin White

Kevin White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9847327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847327" title="Bath Community Academy">
Bath Community Academy

Bath Community Academy formerly Culverhay School is a mixed gender Secondary Academy located in the Odd Down area of Bath, England.
History.
including boys in years 7 to 11 and a co-educational sixth form. The school was scheduled to close, with new admissions ceasing in September 2012. However; this decision was revoked and the school is to become a co-educational establishment in 2012.
In 1956, the original buildings were completed when West Twerton School at The Hollow moved to Rush Hill as a 'Secondary Modern', and changed name to Westhill Boys School, administered by Bath Education Authority.
In 1966, sufficient funding was raised by the efforts of staff, pupils and the local community to enable an indoor swimming pool facility to be built within the school grounds. The pool measures and is from deep. It has been equipped with facilities for disabled users, and is open evenings and weekends, manned by Aquaterra.
In 1973, Culverhay School was formed when the City of Bath reorganised secondary education by merging grammar schools and secondary modern schools to form comprehensive schools. Westhill Boys Secondary Modern School and City of Bath Technical School were merged.
In 2004, Culverhay was awarded specialist status in Mathematics and Computing.
In 2006, the school received one of four prizes in the national "Sport Relief" programme's competition for schools. The prize was awarded for a plan devised by the pupils to raise money for the program by travelling by running, swimming, cycling and kayaking. Swimmer Sharron Davies visited the school to award the prize.
Culverhay has been awarded the International School Award in recognition of its links with schools abroad, providing opportunity for students to visit different countries and learn about their cultures. It achieved the Healthy Schools Award for its work in pupil health education. Extra curricular activities encourage children to extend their academic interests into the local community. It was awarded the Gold Sportsmark in 2008 for its commitment to sport training.
In 2006, Ofsted judged the school to be satisfactory on a four point scale of outstanding, good, satisfactory, and poor.
Some aspects of the school were rated as good, but the sixth form was given an overall rating of poor.
In 2009, Ofsted inspected the school again and upgraded its rating to good.
The sixth form also received the same good rating.
The report, which praised the school's improvement since the previous inspection, did note that Culverhay has a higher than average number of pupils with learning difficulties and disabilities, and that the number of pupils with a statement of special educational needs was almost double that of other schools.
In 2009, Culverhay was the worst performing school in Bath and North East Somerset, with 38% of pupils achieving five or more GCSE passes at grade C including mathematics and English.
In 2010, the pass rate dropped to 31%, again the lowest in the area.
In 2010, the school was identified for closure by Bath and North East Somerset council due to the large reduction in pupil intake.
At the time of the school's Ofsted inspection in May 2006, the school had 476 pupils.
When the school was again inspected by Ofsted in May 2009, the roll had fallen to 401.
A consultation period on the school's closure took place in September and October.
Despite 74% of respondents in the consultation saying they were against Culverhay School closing,
the council backed the closure, so no new pupils will be admitted from September 2012.
In December 2010, the council's scrutiny committee backed the closure decision.
In September 2011 the decision to close the school was revoked after an independent assessment was made that the school was sustainable as a co-educational establishment. £700,000 in funding will be provided by the local council for the necessary alterations. The school will remain financially viable in future as it is proposed to make a reduction in pupil intake levels as well.
In October 2011 government approval was received for Culverhay to become a Sponsored Academy run by Cabot Learning Federation.
Present day.
Subjects taught at the academy include Art, Dance, Design Technology, Drama, Childcare, English, Geography, History, Computing, Maths, Modern Foreign Languages, Music, Physical Education, Religious Education and Science. The Academy has its own radio station called Phoenix Radio. Two pupils from the station were named as best male presenter at the Sony Radio Awards for Schools in 2009. and then again in 2012. Holiday play clubs are also run at BCA for children aged 5 to 13.
Bath Community Academy uses a learning resource called Iamlearning for homework / independent learning

</doc>
<doc id="9847378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847378" title="Sworn to Secrecy">
Sworn to Secrecy

Sworn To Secrecy: Secrets of War (aka Secrets of War) is a 65-hour documentary television series about military history and the secrets of war of the 20th century. It is edited as 65 episodes. The series premiered on the History Channel in September 1998 where it prevailed in the 8 o'clock Sunday evening slot for over two years. The series was co-created by Supervising Producers John Corry and Chip Proser. Alan Beattie and Chris Chesser served as Executive Producers.
Narrated by Charlton Heston, the series details facts and information derived from rare archival footage, formerly classified documents and messages, coupled with interviews with experts, authors and eyewitnesses from all over the world.
Production notes.
The series was originally conceived as a 26-hour production. The first 13 hours concentrated on World War II, and the vast amount of unknown history kept secret by the British Official Secrets Act and finally revealed from 1975 to the 1990s. The second 13 hours focused on other
conflicts of the 20th century. After the success of the first season, Documedia proceeded to expand the series comprehensively to address other wars, battles and intrigues, including many colour present-day shows on topics as diverse as chemical weapons and spy planes, and theme-oriented episodes like prisoners of war and code breakers.
The series interviewed key participants in all of the important conflicts of the 20th century, including prominent authors with unique perspectives of the clandestine aspects of war. The creators of "Sworn To Secrecy" worked with the top spies of the era: former Directors of the CIA James Woolsey, Richard Helms and Dr. James Schlesinger; former Chairmen of the KGB Generals Vladimir Semichastny and Alexander Shelepin (Russia); as well as former directors of the MOSSAD Meir Amit and Isser Harel.
As "Sworn To Secrecy" gained notoriety, other VIPs who usually avoided commenting on the topics explored by the series participated in this unique documentary production, including: Henry Kissinger, Robert McNamara, Dan Quayle, John H. Sununu, James A. Baker III, Jack Valenti, Howard K. Smith, John K. Singlaub, David Eisenhower, Dr. Sergei Khrushchev, Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. and Senator John McCain. Each one-hour episode tells a strong, specific and factual story, backed up by interviews, rare footage, 3D graphics, on-location shooting, historical retracing shots and extensive reenactments.
"Sworn To Secrecy" is, among many documentary series of its kind, used in the classrooms of the United States Naval Academy and United States Air Force Academy, and the only military series that American Forces Network (formerly the Armed Forces Radio and Television Service) licenses for American Service men and women on military bases and ships worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="9847392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847392" title="Young and Restless (Australian band)">
Young and Restless (Australian band)

Young and Restless (sometimes abbreviated to Y + R or Y & R) were a band from Canberra, Australia.
Biography.
Young and Restless were formed in 2005, and won the 2006 Triple J Unearthed competition to play at the Homebake Festival 2006. The band formed in early 2005 when Karina Utomo and Ash Pegram (who were old high school buddies) combined with Ross Paxman, Mark Falkland and Nugie Utomo. Early names of the band were '...Wolves' and then 'The I Hate Yous' before settling on the current name. They started playing shows in Canberra before slowly playing interstate shows. They recorded initial demos in Canberra before recording their first single "Satan" with Christopher Colonna from past Unearthed winners The Bumblebeez. The track was given to James Ford from Simian Mobile Disco to mix and master and the result was sent off to radio, blogs and industry people. Triple J quickly caught on to the single, giving it considerable airplay.
Split-based between Canberra and Melbourne since 2007, they have played with the likes of The Mint Chicks, Erase Errata, Suicide Girls, Die! Die! Die! and Cansei de Ser Sexy.
It was announced in August 2007 that founding members Mark Falkland and Ash Pegram would be leaving the band.
In November 2007, the band took the QANTAS Spirit of Youth Award in the music category, the prize included a mentorship with legendary music producer Nick Launay. Other finalists in the category included Mercy Arms and Bridezilla.
In December 2007 the band were announced as winners of the inaugural 2007 Unearthed J Award.
In 2008, Josh Weller was announced as the new guitarist.
On 17 August 2009, the band posted a blog on their MySpace stating that the band would be breaking up. Young And Restless played their final show on 21 August at the Arthouse in Melbourne.
Karina Utomo and Ash Pegram are now in HighTension, a new outfit also featuring members of The Nation Blue.
Debut album.
The band's debut album, "Young and Restless", was released on 14 July 2007 through Dot Dash Recordings, produced by Tom Larkin of New Zealand band Shihad.
When it came time to recording their album, a few notable producers were interested including Dean Turner of Magic Dirt, Phil McKellar and Pelle Henricson of Refused fame. Tom Larkin was chosen purely on his understanding of the band's influences (which include Hot Snakes, Suicide and Sleater-Kinney). The album was done over a period of 6 months in Larkin's studio in Brunswick. The drum and bass tracks of all songs were recorded straight onto tape reels to give them warmth and depth. Peter Saladino of Canberra band Brisk was brought it on assist on "My Knives" and Tom Lyncolgn of Nation Blue was also enlisted with "Testestrogen". The album was partly mixed by Magoo and partly by Larkin in the studio. The meaning of the songs is unknown with a few exceptions. "Satan" has been seen as a pisstake on the two genres in alternative music that were popular at the time - hardcore and dance. "I Pointed at You and You Burst Into Flames" recalls a conversation Karina overheard where a woman yelled at two foreigners for speaking another language other than English.
Break Up.
They announced their breakup on their Myspace page on 17 August 2009 a few weeks after the release of their new single Creeps.
"Hi friends,
Young And Restless has now been a band for four and a half years and consumed large parts of our lives. We never expected to make it as far as we have and we have been honoured and excited by all the interest and support from our friends, family, fans and fellow bands. Through relocating interstate, lineup changes, touring and recording we have all had our share of amazing times, but in the last few weeks it has become clear that this is the end of the road for our band. We will be playing ONE final show at the ARTHOUSE in Melbourne THIS FRIDAY 21/08/09 - if you can make it, please come down and get messy with us one last time.
Thank you to all who have come to shows, listened to our music and helped us along the way. We'll see you soon.
YOUNG AND RESTLESS"

</doc>
<doc id="9847402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847402" title="Glassboro High School">
Glassboro High School

Glassboro High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Glassboro, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Glassboro Public Schools.
On June 19, 1986, President Ronald Reagan became the first sitting president to speak at a high school graduation when he spoke at the Glassboro High School commencement ceremonies.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 610 students and 52.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.62:1. There were 175 students (28.7% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 33 (5.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 231st-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 188th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 197th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 242nd in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
Glassboro High School participates in the Tri-County Conference, which operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
The 1972 field hockey team completed an undefeated season en route to a state championship. In 2007, the field hockey team won the South Jersey, Group I state sectional championship with a 3-2 win over St. Joseph High School in the tournament final.
The 1993 boys' cross country team went undefeated.
The varsity football team won the 2007 and 2008 South Group I State Championships with a 24–7 win over rival Paulsboro High School in 2007 and a 28–8 win over Penns Grove High School in 2008, as part of a season in which the team finished with a perfect 12-0 record.
Sam Laspata won the 1988 state championship at 140 lbs., becoming the school's only state wrestling champion, in a season in which he won all 34 of his matches. He is a member of the Glassboro High School Sports Hall of Fame and was inducted in 2006 to the Gloucester County Hall of Fame.
Marching band.
The school's marching band was Tournament of Bands Chapter One Champions in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="9847406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847406" title="Christopher Janney">
Christopher Janney

Christopher Janney (born 1950) is an American composer/artist/architect known for his work on the interrelation of architecture and music. Sometimes he attempts to make architecture more like music as in his sound sculptures titled "Urban Musical Instruments" of which "Soundstair" (musical stairs)and "Sonic Forest" are examples. Other times, he develops performance projects which make music more like architecture as in his "Physical Music" series which includes "HeartBeat," a piece danced by Mikhail Baryshnikov. Much of Janney's permanent work has sought to create "permanent participatory soundworks for public spaces," including installations for airports in Dallas, Boston, Miami and Sacramento, Atlanta and the New York City Subway. 
Janney has toured his "Sonic Forest" in both the US and Europe at major music festivals including Bonnaroo and Coachella as well as Glastonbury and Hyde Park Calling in the UK. 
A book on his work, titled "Architecture of the Air" was released in February, 2007.
He currently lives in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Biography.
Janney grew up in Washington, D.C.. He received a B.A. degree (1973, Magna cum Laude) from Princeton University (where he studied with Michael Graves, James Seawright and Rosalind Krauss). After graduation, he studied percussion and music at the Dalcroze School of Music (see Eurhythmics) and Mannes College of Music in New York, performed jazz and worked with various artists and dance companies (including Merce Cunningham Dance and Sara Rudner 18th St. Company, Jack Youngerman, Claes Oldenburg). 
He received an MS (1978) in Environmental Art at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; his thesis (under Otto Piene) was titled "SOUNDSTAIR: The Nature of Environmental/Participatory Art". 
While also a Research Fellow at MIT, Janney developed his own multi-media studio, PhenomenArts, Inc., in 1980, combining his interests in music and architecture. He has created numerous permanent interactive sound/light installations and performances, including "Harmonic Runway" at the Miami Airport and "REACH:NY", 34th St. Subway in New York, "HeartBeat:mb" with Sara Rudner and Mikhail Baryshnikov, and "Soundstair" (musical stairs),most recently at the Boston Children's Hospital.
He has been awarded the Gryorgy Kepes Price from MIT (1986), "Sound Designer of the Year," by LDI/Theater Arts Magazine (1985) and the Edison Award from General Electric for Innovation in Design (1996).
His work has been profiled on CBS Sunday Morning, HGTV, "Architectural Record," "Metropolis Magazine," "The New York Times," in a 30-minute award-winning documentary titled "Drum of Time" and, most recently "What Is A Heart?" Directed by Ted Bogosian.
Janney lectures widely on his work. He has been a visiting professor at both The Cooper Union School of Architecture and Pratt Institute School of Architecture, where he has taught his seminar "Sound as a Visual Medium".
He currently serves as Vice-President for the Institute for Performance Sculpture, Inc. and is President/Artistic Director for PhenomenArts, Inc which specializes in Environmental Arts and Design with studios in Lexington, MA and London, UK.
Christopher Janney’s website- www.janneysound.com - provides information on where to find the latest events.
Sonic Forest.
Part of Christopher Janney’s series of “Urban Musical Instruments,” Sonic Forest consists of a number of cylindrical aluminum columns, each 8 feet high. Each column contains a series of photo-sensors, audio speaker, LED cone-light and star-strobe. By strolling among the columns, people trigger the photo-sensors, activating the light and an ever-changing “sound score” of melodic tones, environmental sounds and text.
At times, Sonic Forest will perform on its own with a "ghost." The entire installation will sound the time of day each hour or be triggered randomly for short intervals when no one has passed through it. To provide an added level of interaction, the work often incorporates a "riddle," which is written on a nearby board. The answer to the riddle is a specific path through the columns. Follow the path and Sonic Forest will respond with a "dance of its own."
“Christopher Janney's 'Sonic Forest' which has really made the rounds at festivals offers continual aural and visual surprises to those with a healthy curiosity. It provided a totally unique delivery of a once-high-art concept of interactive random cut-ups that would do Marcel Duchamp proud.” --URB.COM
"Sonic Forest is the greatest thing ever," said comedian Aziz Ansari on his 2009 album track "Bonnaroo."
SoundStair: The Nature of Environmental/Participatory Art..
The original installation, his MIT thesis, Soundstair ©1978 is a permanent piece in the Boston Museum of Science. 
Other permanent locations of Soundstair (the musical stairs):

</doc>
<doc id="9847434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847434" title="Fairhaven, Saskatoon">
Fairhaven, Saskatoon

Fairhaven is a neighbourhood in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. It is close to both Catholic and public elementary schools. A strip mall is within the Fairhaven subdivision. The Confederation Suburban Centre is to the north. According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home as of 2013 was $248,908.
History.
Fairhaven first appeared on a 1913 map compiled by City Commissioner Christopher J. Yorath that plotted out a number of proposed communities along the periphery of Saskatoon, many of which were never developed. The community of Fairhaven first officially appeared on city maps circa 1971, in the same location as on the Yorath map, and the layout of streets in the community underwent several revisions before development began in earnest in the mid-1970s, with most construction in the area complete by 1985, however there remained undeveloped lots on the east side of the community that in the early 2010s were filled with the relocation of six-plex homes from the former McNab Park neighborhood.
Sarah Shatwell Pendygrasse arrived from England in 1887 and was awarded a dominion land grant patent at SE section 20 township 36 range 5 W of the 3rd meridian, Saskatchewan provisional district, North West Territories on December 12, 1892. Her son Harold L. S. Pendygrasse homestead at NE Section 20 township 35 Range 3 W of the 3rd meridian. At 1919 St. Henry Avenue, Exhibition subdivision the Pendygrasse Home built by Harold Pendygrasse in 1910 has been declared a municipal heritage site. It is built on the banks of the South Saskatchewan river east side of Saskatoon.
When Fairhaven first appeared on the maps, the street names all had one thing in common: they all started with the letter F. When the community was re-plotted in the mid-1970s, this was abandoned (except for Fairlight Drive and Fairmont Drive) and most other streets in the area were named for prominent city officials of the past, such as former city councillors S.E. Bushe, E.H. Crimp, G.A. Forrester, J.J. Olmstead, and James Priel.
When the community of Parkridge was first planned to the west of Fairhaven, it was identified on maps as "Fairhaven II" or "Fairhaven West" until a unique name was given to the area.
Transportation.
City transit.
Fairhaven is serviced by the City Transit Bus Route Saskatoon Transit.
Layout.
Fairmont Drive provides the eastern boundary of Fairhaven (residences and businesses to the east of Fairmont are actually within the adjacent Confederation Suburban Centre. Fairlight Drive arcs above to the north as well as the western edge. Lochrie Crescent and Barber Place, Terrace, and Court are connected to Pendygrasse road and are included within the southern perimeter of Fairhaven. The Canadian Pacific Railway delimits the southern edge. Prior to the construction of the Circle Drive and 22nd Street interchange, motorists were able to access the Meadowgreen neighborhood via Clancy Drive through a signalized grade crossing intersection at 18th Street and Circle Drive. When the initial plan called for the interchange having no access to eastbound 22nd Street from southbound Circle Drive, a re-drawing saw the western leg of Camponi Crescent and northbound Fairmont Drive become part of the interchange with access to 18th Street via Clancy Drive ceasing to exist, the signalized grade crossing intersection at Circle Drive and Clancy Drive remains as it was reconfigured to a layout similar to that of the intersection of Circle Drive & Laurier Drive following the closure of 18th Street; southbound traffic on Circle encounters a traffic signal, but northbound traffic is freeflow. However if an overpass is proposed at Circle & Clancy, 18th Street could possibly be reconnected.
Life.
Fairhaven Community Association provides recreational activities at both St. Mark and Fairhaven school, as well as using the common green space between them provided by Herbert S. Sears Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9847458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847458" title="The Villager">
The Villager

The Villager is a weekly newspaper serving Downtown Manhattan. It was founded in 1933 by Walter and Isabel Bryan. In 2001, 2004 and 2005, "The Villager" won the Stuart Dorman Award, honoring New York State's best weekly newspaper, in the New York Press Association's Better Newspaper Contest.
The Villager has also been called better than "The New York Times" by "New York" magazine. In 2005, in its "123 Reasons Why We Love New York Right Now," "New York" dubbed "The New York Times" Reason #51, "because our hometown paper is still the greatest in the world," the magazine said...before adding, #52, on the facing page: "...next to The Villager."
The Villager is part of the NYC Community Media newspaper group. Other papers in the group include the "Downtown Express", "Gay City News" (formerly "LGNY"), "Chelsea Now", and the "East Villager/Lower East Sider". Community Media is owned by Jennifer Goodstein.

</doc>
<doc id="9847475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847475" title="Episode 1.6 (Primeval)">
Episode 1.6 (Primeval)

Episode Six of the ITV sci-fi drama "Primeval" was broadcast in the UK on 17 March 2007. The storyline involves the opening of a new anomaly, when the team find themselves in an intense battle with a highly evolved predator, not from the past, but the future.
Plot.
Nick Cutter (Douglas Henshall) is practicing putting in his office using a thin animal femur a little over 3 feet long as a club. Claudia Brown (Lucy Brown) visits him, wanting to talk about Helen Cutter (Juliet Aubrey) and why she might have saved her (in episode 5). She also remembers that Nick kissed her (although she does not appear to be angry about it), causing Nick to miss his shot. Elsewhere Abby Maitland (Hannah Spearritt) helps Connor Temple (Andrew-Lee Potts) practise chat-up lines for prospective nights out, although he is clearly more interested in her. 
Another anomaly has appeared in the Forest of Dean in the same place as the Episode One anomaly, bringing with it a terrible predator that possesses human-like intelligence and amazing agility, and tracks its prey using sonar-like abilities, much like a bat. It breaks through the perimeter surrounding the Forest of Dean, and makes its way to Wellington Zoo. Here, it breaks into the lion den and kills a lion. It leaves no trace of itself or the lion, except a smear of blood on a leaf.
Abby has been called to the zoo because of the lions's disappearance, bringing Connor along. Connor takes a sample of this blood and has it tested, which shows it to be partly lion blood, and partly bat blood but with some weird differences in the DNA. The creature goes on to kill three people, including Abby's boss.
Meanwhile, Helen returns, taking Stephen Hart (James Murray) aside in the university grounds. She reveals that there has been another creature incursion, but refuses to say more until she meets Nick and Lester. However, she does indicate she was pleased to see Stephen again, and kisses him on the lips as she departs. Lester agrees to the meeting (reluctantly). He, Claudia, Nick and Stephen meet her, and she tells Nick and the others that it is a highly developed predator from the future, that came through an anomaly into the Permian period and then through another anomaly into our period. Helen insists she has no idea how the creature found its way through, and that she just came back to help, having learned it was on the rampage, and decides to stay at her old house - Nick's house.
At the house, Nick quizzes Helen as to her real motives. She reveals that the creature didn't come through on its own - she was observing it and it sensed her presence: in her haste to escape, she fled through the anomaly, and the creature followed her through to the present day. When Nick accuses her of causing the situation, Helen defends herself by saying she does still care enough to want to help stop it...and that she does still care about Nick.
Stephen and Connor puzzle on the creature in Nick's office. Connor mentions the disappearance of Abby's boss and the lion. Stephen realises that the Predator must be hunting in that area and leaves to find Abby, telling Connor to bring backup. Abby is safe at the zoo, but at that moment the creature appears. It is unable to detect them due to the seals in the tank next to them, and flees when Ryan's men arrive.
Realising the danger, Nick and Ryan's men hunt the creature in a search-and-destroy mission, using dogs to track it. The creature attacks them again, killing a soldier, then escapes into the trees. Connor notices that the dogs picked it up before they did, and concludes that it hunts by sound. The team concludes it is hunting by echolocation, and when Stephen and Connor mention the bat blood, they conclude it is a futuristic species of bat. Helen agrees to this, saying that 75% of all mammal species are bats or rats, and that possibly they are the species that becomes dominant.
Nick sends Connor to the pickup for a laptop oscilloscope that picks up and displays the sound waves caused by the creature. While Connor is in the pickup, the creature jumps on the pickup and tries to break into it, but Abby distracts the creature. As it prepares to attack her, Stephen shoots and wounds the creature; it escapes into the forest. Despite being unnerved, Connor refuses to give up, reasoning Han Solo would never give up: Nick agrees, although noting he always saw Connor as R2-D2 himself. Connor thanks Abby for saving him.
Using the oscilloscope, they find the den in an abandoned storage hut, and enter it. Inside they find that the creature has given birth to at least 5 young. Then the oscilloscope starts to react loudly, and the creature attacks, killing a soldier. Nick, thinking quickly, grabs an infant and runs into a nearby greenhouse. The creature follows and Nick shoots the glass above it, causing a shower of broken glass which reflects the creature's sound waves back at it, confusing its sonar sense. Taking advantage of the distraction, he shoots it in the head, killing it. 
Realising the creatures are too dangerous to stay in the present, and that they could wreak catastrophic damage on ecosystems in the past, Helen and Nick suggest using the infants to guide them to the anomaly leading from the Permian to the future: once they have found the anomaly into the future and make sure it closes, they will kill the infants, as they are too dangerous to be allowed to live, as well as stationing a permanent guard at the site of the future anomaly in case it reopens. Just before they enter the anomaly, Claudia kisses Cutter right in front of Helen, much to her surprise and to the disapproval of Lester. After Cutter and Helen have departed with the infants, Connor learns that an autopsy has shown that the creature was male: thus there is likely a female creature still at large. Almost immediately after, the female leaps through the anomaly, although the team in the present don't realise due to its speed.
The landscape is conifer forest on hilly lava. A herd of "Scutosaurus" are on a hill opposite beyond a valley. Nick takes a picture of Helen as a souvenir. He then realizes that they were creating their own past and that that picture is the picture that they found in Episode One. Then he remembers the skeleton they found, and works out what is going to happen. Nick then realises Helen has been using him - she didn't care about him, she just wanted to find the future anomaly.
The female creature catches up with them and attacks them. It attacks and kills all of Ryan's soldiers. Captain Ryan runs after the creature and shoots it twice but fails to deliver a fatal kill-shot to the creature. With his position now exposed, the predator attacks and mortally wounds Ryan. The predator turns towards the others but before it can attack Nick, a gorgonopsid appears, charging and briefly stunning the adult creature. Nick attends to Ryan, as the adult creature recovers - to see its young being eaten by the gorgonopsid. The two predators battle; the gorgonopsid loses an eye and suffers wounds in the process. Despite this, the gorgonopsid emerges victorious as it rears and falls over backwards, crushing the creature beneath its weight. The gorgonopsid roars in victory and then retreats with the creature's body.
Nick aids Captain Tom Ryan (Mark Wakeling), who had also worked out that the skeleton in Episode One was his own, before dying. Helen confirms that none of the creature's young have survived, and she and Nick bury the dead men in the Permian and return through the anomaly, despite Helen's pleas that they could stay in the past and find the future anomaly. Unseen by the group, two of the baby future predators are left climbing a tree as the group retreats to the present.
Helen and Nick sadly tell the others that Captain Ryan didn't make it and that all his soldiers died as well. Nick then says that no-one else is to go through the anomaly. Helen immediately reveals she is not staying. Trying to avoid going back alone, Helen reveals that before she disappeared she had an affair with Stephen, much to Nick's fury. However, Stephen refuses to go with her. Helen then walks back through the anomaly.
Nick asks where Claudia is, and to his shock finds that no-one there knows of any Claudia Brown. He realizes that the last time-jump has changed the past and thus changed the evolution of the earth causing some modern end-results. As he tries to take this in, the anomaly begins to fluctuate behind him...
Creatures.
Future Predator
Gorgonopsid
Scutosaurus
Coelurosauravus
Production.
The battle between the gorgonopsid and the Predator was completely ""created in a digital environment, we were able to go down to the cutting room and decide where we were going to put the cameras and essentially direct it ourselves as if we were on location. It was great to be able to offer that flexibility to the director. The result is some of the best television work we've ever done."" The directors stated ""We thought it would be fun to have it so just as he (Nick) started to like her (Claudia) she would disappear into thin air.""
Reception.
This episode gained a final viewing figures of 6.52 million. TV Times gave this episode 4 stars in their review. This episode was also reviewed by TV critic Charlie Brooker in the final episode of his BBC Four show Screenwipe, and gave it a rave review saying that it was ""far better than Torchwood for instance."" ""Unashamedly Saturday night populist viewing for the masses"" with ""some of the best special effects I've ever seen in a British TV Show"". Some fans complained that there were too many Star Wars references in this episode and the creators have claimed that they were fine with that.

</doc>
<doc id="9847488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847488" title="Austin Ant">
Austin Ant

__NOTOC__
The Austin Ant (development code ADO19) was a small four-wheel drive vehicle designed by Sir Alec Issigonis for the motor manufacturer British Motor Corporation (BMC). Although the Ant is widely regarded as a military vehicle, some sources suggest it was conceived with civilian use in mind as well. In its military rôle it was a potential successor to the military version of an earlier Issigonis design, the Mini Moke.
The Ant was cancelled in 1968 before full-scale production began, during the period when BMC became part of the British Leyland (BL) conglomerate; the merger caused several overlaps in model ranges, and the Ant was regarded as too close a competitor for the Land Rover range.
The Ant used an A-Series engine, tranverse mounted and tilted slightly backward to allow greater ground clearance and suspension movement. The main gearbox was placed in the engine sump, as on the Mini. A reduction gearbox took power from the main gearbox to the rear axle via a propshaft. The same layout was used 30 years later (with a K-Series engine) on the Rover Group's Land Rover Freelander. 

</doc>
<doc id="9847506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847506" title="Miss USA 1998">
Miss USA 1998

Miss USA 1998, the 47th Miss USA pageant, was held in Shreveport, Louisiana in March, 1998. The preliminary competition was held on 6 March 1998 and the final competition on 10 March 1998. The event was won by Shawnae Jebbia of Massachusetts, who was crowned by outgoing titleholder Brandi Sherwood of Idaho.
The pageant was held in Shreveport, Louisiana for the second consecutive year; unusually Shreveport would also host the Miss Teen USA pageant later the same year. Owner Donald Trump had initially suggested that the event would be moved to New York City, however an agreement was reached in November 1997 for the pageant to stay in Louisiana. During the two weeks that the delegates were in Shreveport the city and local companies benefitted from the extra business generated by the pageant and by the publicity offered by three minutes of promotion during the live broadcast. The expected worldwide audience for the pageant was 300 million people.
The pageant was hosted by "The Young and The Restless" star J. Eddie Peck for the only time, and Ali Landry, Miss USA 1996 and Julie Moran, co-host of "Entertainment Tonight", offered colour commentary. She Moves provided entertainment during the competition. Executive producers Susan Winston and Dan Funk were chosen to produce the live telecast, broadcast on CBS.
During the competition, in a pre-taped segment, Halle Berry, Miss Ohio USA 1986 and first runner-up to Christy Fichtner at Miss USA 1986, was awarded a Distinguished Achievement Award for her achievements in acting.
Delegates.
The Miss USA 1998 delegates were:
Crossovers.
Eleven delegates had previously competed in either the Miss Teen USA or Miss America pageants.
Delegates who had previously held a Miss Teen USA state title were:
Delegate who had previously held a Miss America state title were:
Delegate who competed at Miss World 1998:
References.
11. "Thoughts of Miss USA 1998." Tom's Page of Miss Universe Mania. <http://www.tpmum.com/usa98th.html>.

</doc>
<doc id="9847508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847508" title="Battle of Đông Khê">
Battle of Đông Khê

The Battle of Dong Khe (September 1950) was a major battle of the First Indochina War fought at Đông Khê.
The fight took place in Dong Khe, in the Province of Tonkin, from September 15 to September 18, 1950, ending with a Viet Minh victory. As the Colonial Route 4 was a vital supply line that provided the Viet Minh with weapons and ammunition from China, the commander of the Viet Minh forces, Vo Nguyen Giap, wanted to hang on to this important route at whatever cost. Thus, in order to avoid a future French attack aimed at blocking this vital supply line, he deemed necessary to capture the French outpost of Dong Khe. When more Chinese weapons and communist troops had arrived in Tonkin through the border of northern Vietnam, Nguyen Giap decided to launch an assault on the French Dong Khe fortress on September 15, 1950. After three days of ferocious fighting, Dong Khe fell in communist hands on September 18.
Having been defeated at the battle of Dong Khe, the French joint Chiefs of Staff wanted to protect the French forces at the Cao Bang outpost. So, they ordered the commander of the French unit deployed there, Colonel Charton, to withdraw 100 km southwards to the town of That Khe. To protect and support their withdrawal, a Foreign Legion battalion, commanded by Colonel Lepage, was sent to the area to meet Charton’s men. On the way back, both units were constantly under attack from Viet Minh and Chinese forces, suffering severe casualties in the process. 

</doc>
<doc id="9847523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847523" title="Margaret E. Lynn">
Margaret E. Lynn

Margaret E. Lynn (April 28, 1924 - June 11, 2002) formalized U.S. Army entertainment, beginning in Korea in the 1950s. Building on the tradition of Civil War camp shows, and a military show Yip Yip Yaphank created by Irving Berlin as a soldier in World War I, she eventually developed the U.S. Army Entertainment program [http://www.armymwr.com/portal/recreation/entertainment/history.asp], inspiring, supporting and coordinating theatrical and music programs at Army bases world wide.
Biography.
Born Margaret Linskie, in Dallas, Texas, earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Southern Methodist University in 1942. In 1965, she was named the University's Distinguished Alumni Award [http://www.smu.edu/alumni/reunion/daa/pastdaa_I_O.asp] as the "Woman of Achievement" for the decade of the 1940s. She earned a Master's degree in Speech and Drama at Catholic University of America in Washington DC in 1943, studying with the renowned Rev. Gilbert V. Hartke, O.P.
Under her stage name, Margaret Lynn, she was a dancer and dance captain with the Radio City Rockettes in New York City, and appeared in seven Broadway shows, including "Oklahoma!", "Carousel", and Mike Todd's "Mexican Hayride". She played the ingenue lead as well as understudying Ethel Merman in "Something for the Boys".
In 1945, she was chosen by Peggy Wood and Paul Green to be among the first civilian "actress technicians" employed by the U.S. government to work with troops overseas following World War II. Under commanding officer and stage director Joshua Logan, she worked on dozens of productions for the military. She continued to conceive and direct shows during the Korean War, bringing entertainment, sometimes under artillery fire, to military personnel of various United Nations units involved in that conflict.
Achievements.
Lynn was eventually put in charge of soldier show entertainment at Army Headquarters in Washington, DC, where she organized companies of service personnel touring shows. In time she organized and supported a network of some 200 full-time civilian directors on military bases around the world. She obtained production and musical performance rights, created "How To" handbooks complete with scene designs and music. She set up worldwide Army Entertainment competitions, sending theatre professionals to bases to adjudicate shows, give support and feed-back to post entertainment directors, and select the best musical performers, who were then brought to Washington for a public showcase which she directed. The Washington Post observed that she had created "the largest producing organization of theatre and music in the world."
In addition to "soldiers entertaining soldiers," Lynn stressed the benefits of including dependent wives and children actively in the performing arts, and the desirability of involving civilians from nearby towns as an antidote to the social isolation of service personnel working far from home. Under her guidance, numerous workshops, showcases, worldwide competitions and scholarships were established to discover and encourage talented members of the military.
Under Lynn's ambitious inspiration, dedicated music rehearsal facilities, proscenium stages, "black box" theatre studios and dinner theatres were established in unused army movie houses, barracks and other surplus facilities, where colonels, corporals, and civilians created theatre together. Not content with makeshift "soldier shows," her directors produced themed variety bills, Broadway musicals, comedy, serious drama, and occasionally Shakespeare. She loved to recount the great success of one of Father Hartke's Shakespeare productions from Catholic University, for which she arranged a tour of military bases. Enormous crowds cheered the comedy erroneously announced to troops stationed all over the Far East as "Love, Labor and Lust."
With her protégé Donn B. Murphy she established summer workshops at Georgetown University to which she brought Army Entertainment Directors from all over the world who met with civilian theater directors, producers and teachers.
The caliber and breadth of the army music and theatre activities from the 1950s into the 1980s are a tribute to Lynn and to the many professionals and amateurs whom she involved, inspired and supported at installations at home and overseas. Extensive documentation on this work is preserved in the Margaret E. Lynn Army Music and Theatre Collection, 1967-1978 at the New York Public Library Performing Arts Research Center at Lincoln Center [http://catnyp.nypl.org/record=b6567580].
In 1971 she assisted in arrangements for the debut of the Walt Disney World Symphony Orchestra, which brought together 145 musicians from 66 countries to perform concerts in New York at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and to celebrate the opening of Walt Disney World In Florida.
In 1982, Lynn left the Department of the Army and formed her own company, called Creative Consultants. She was simultaneously named general manager of the World Showcase Festival Program for the Disney organization. She brought more than 1,100 dancers, singers and other performing artists from 23 countries to Orlando for the opening of EPCOT Center at Walt Disney World on October 1, 1982. The groups, including Moroccan dancers and drummers, Italian Flag Twirlers and members of Canada's Royal Mounted Police, performed in the park's World Showcase area. Lynn also coordinated the gathering of water from rivers in far-flung parts of the globe, which were ceremoniously poured into the Fountain of Nations in the Future World section of EPCOT. Later in life she taught evening theater classes for adults in Virginia, and organized theater-going experiences for them which involved play-going in Washington and after-show meetings with actors and directors, as well as trips to New York with Broadway shows and lunches at Vincent Sardi's famous theater restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="9847558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847558" title="Baby Jay">
Baby Jay

Baby Jay is one of the mascots of the University of Kansas's sports teams. She and fellow mascots Big Jay and Centennial Jay are Jayhawks. Baby Jay was created by student Amy Sue Hurst and "hatched" at half-time of KU's Homecoming victory in football over Kansas State University on October 9, 1971, and has served as a mascot ever since.
History.
In 1970 Amy Hurst saw a Jayhawk bumper sticker depicting Big Jay and hatchlings which inspired her to create a new mascot. After talking to a co-worker who was a Big Jay and getting approval from the KU Alumni Association she created Baby Jay.
Baby Jay made her official debut October 9, 1971 during the half-time of KU's homecoming game against in-state rivals Kansas State University. In front of 55,000 fans Big Jay hauled a large egg to the 50-yard line of Memorial Stadium. A few moments later Baby Jay "hatched" from the artificial egg and has served as an ambassador of KU at events across the country ever since.
The original costume weighed 30 pounds, consisted of chicken wire, fiberglass, and felt. The total cost was $53. In 2003, Amy Hurst, the original Baby Jay, started a fund to help cover the cost of the now $5,000 costume that is replaced every two years.
All About Baby.
Address: 3rd Floor of Allen Fieldhouse aka "The Nest" 
Height: Half the size of Big Jay! 
Weight: Quite a bit (I haven't lost all my Baby fat…) 
Jersey Number: #1/2 
Favorite Movie: Lion King (Zazu makes me giggle but Scar scares me!) 
Favorite Activities: Playing with all my friends & Big Jay, Blowing bubbles, Drawing with chalk (Rock Chalk!) 
Favorite Food: Veggies (keep me strong & my feathers fluffy!) 
Favorite Band: University of Kansas Marching Band 
Favorite Song: I'm a Jayhawk 
Favorite Books: "The Three Little Jayhawks" & "Max & the Jayhawks"
Selection process.
The selection process to become Baby Jay is generally during the spring semester. Though they cannot legally only pick females, traditionally, Baby Jay is a female. The student applicant must create an original skit when trying out to be the mascot. The student must also meet several physical conditions. To be able to fit into the Baby Jay costume the student must be between 4' 11" and 5' 1" tall. The auditioning process may also include 20 minutes of running, performing an entrance and exit routine, emotion and reaction exercises. 
To apply you must turn in a packet of information that you must get from either the mascot coach or spirit squad director. This includes a video, a physical and student information.
Duties.
The primary duty of Baby Jay is to be an ambassador of KU, roaming the sidelines at football and basketball games giving hugs to youngsters. Baby Jay, being smaller than Big Jay, is often involved in entertaining children. Baby Jay is also present at most major university events such as athletic competitions, Tradition Night, Band Spectacular, and graduation. 
Baby Jay is also seen in the community attending weddings, opening the Godzilla film festival, or even lobbying legislators to fund higher education.
In return for these services Baby Jay receives a $300 scholarship per semester.
Requesting an Appearance.
Big Jay and Baby Jay can be requested for appearances. They have made appearances at birthday parties, weddings, store openings and many more. There are guidelines that must be met that are stated on the University of Kansas's website found here with the request form:
http://www.kuathletics.com/ot/kan-mascot-form-08.html

</doc>
<doc id="9847563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847563" title="Pleasantville High School (New Jersey)">
Pleasantville High School (New Jersey)

Pleasantville High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from the City of Pleasantville, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Pleasantville Public Schools, an Abbott District.
Students from Absecon attend the district's high school for grades 9-12 as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Absecon Public School District.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 796 students and 91.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.75:1. There were 508 students (63.8% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 65 (8.2% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
In 2004, the Try-Math-A-Lon Team won the National Championship at the National Society of Black Engineers Conference (NSBE) in Dallas, Texas.
The school was the 267th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 299th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 309th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 281st in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school as 363rd out of 376 public high schools statewide in its 2010 rankings (a decrease of 6 positions from the 2009 rank) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Pleasantville High School Greyhounds compete in the National Division of the Cape-Atlantic League, an athletic conference consisting of both parochial and public high schools located in Atlantic County, Cape May County, Cumberland County, and Gloucester County, operating under the aegis of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 591 students in grades 10-12, the school is classified by the NJSIAA as South Jersey Group II, a category that includes schools with enrollment of 529 to 794.
Sports offered at Pleasantville High School include the following.
All sports compete at the Varsity and Junior Varsity level. Some sports may offer a freshman team.
In 2010, the cross country team won the Cape-Atlantic League conference championship undefeated with a record of 10-0.
In 2011, Pleasantville's track and field won two state titles at the Group I indoor track and field championships at the Bennett Center in Toms River.
The school has always had a longstanding sports rivalry with Atlantic City High School. The best known is between the basketball teams of both schools, this event is referred to as "Battle By The Bay" which started in 1994. Atlantic City High won 13 games and Pleasantville has won 6. The cheerleading battle between both schools is considered to be one of the highlights of the event.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="9847565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847565" title="Autoclave tape">
Autoclave tape

Autoclave tape is an adhesive tape used in autoclaving (heating under high pressure with steam to sterilise) to indicate whether a specific temperature has been reached. Autoclave tape works by changing color after exposure to temperatures commonly used in sterilization processes, typically 121°C in a steam autoclave.
Small strips of the tape are applied to the items before they are placed into the autoclave. The tape is similar to masking tape but slightly more adhesive, to allow it to adhere under the hot, moist conditions of the autoclave. One such tape has diagonal markings containing an ink which changes colour (usually beige to black) upon heating.
It is important to note that the presence of autoclave tape that has changed color on an item does not ensure that the product is sterile, as the tape will change color upon exposure only. For steam sterilization to occur, the entire item must completely reach and maintain 121°C for 15–20 minutes with proper steam exposure to ensure sterilization.

</doc>
<doc id="9847566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847566" title="Initiative 200">
Initiative 200

Initiative 200 was a Washington State initiative to the Legislature promoted by California affirmative-action opponent Ward Connerly and filed by Scott Smith and initiative entrepreneur Tim Eyman. It sought to prohibit racial and gender preferences by state and local government. It was on the Washington ballot in November 1998 and passed with 58.22% of the vote. It added to Washington's law (but not its constitution) the following language:
(1) The state shall not discriminate against, or grant preferential treatment to, any individual or group on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity, or national origin in the operation of public employment, public education, or public contracting.

</doc>
<doc id="9847577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847577" title="Sutherlandia">
Sutherlandia

Sutherlandia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="9847587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847587" title="Kenneth H. Keller">
Kenneth H. Keller

Kenneth Harrison Keller (born October 19, 1934) serves as Director of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies' (SAIS) Bologna Center in Bologna, Italy.
Dr. Keller most recently held the position of Charles M. Denny, Jr., Professor of Science, Technology and Public Policy at the University of Minnesota’s Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs, where he founded the Center for Science, Technology & Public Policy. His distinguished career at the university spanned nearly 35 years, culminating with his role as the university's 12th president from 1985 to 1988. He also served as vice president for Academic Affairs from 1980 to 1985 and before that held other leadership positions.
A New York City native and Columbia University graduate, Keller earned his master’s degree and Ph.D. in chemical engineering from the Johns Hopkins University and has been a member of the Whiting School of Engineering’s National Advisory Council and the Department of Chemical Engineering’s Board of Visitors. In 1996, he received JHU’s Distinguished Alumnus Award.
On July 1, 2010, the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Building at the University of Minnesota was renamed Kenneth H. Keller Hall, honoring him for his dedication to science and technology as the 12th president of the University.

</doc>
<doc id="9847601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847601" title="Herbie Matthews">
Herbie Matthews

Herbie Matthews (20 November 1913 – 8 June 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. He was recruited from suburban Fairfield under the League's "father and son" rule. His father, 'Butcher' Matthews, partnered the great Roy Cazaly in South Melbourne's ruck combination of the early 1920s. Although he was smaller and slighter in build than his ruckman father, he was a strong mark and showed a ferocious drive for possession of the football. He was recruited by South Melbourne at the age of 17 in the face of determined approaches from Collingwood and his local VFA club, Northcote.
A centreman/wingman with great pace, stamina and skills, he was awarded the Brownlow Medal in 1940 and was runner up on another two occasions. He won his club's Best and Fairest award 5 times and captained them from 1938 until 1945
In 1997 Matthews was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame and in 2003 was named on the wing in South Melbourne's official 'Team of the Century'.

</doc>
<doc id="9847619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847619" title="Something Up My Sleeve">
Something Up My Sleeve

Something Up My Sleeve is the fifth studio album by the American country music singer-songwriter Suzy Bogguss, released in 1993 on Liberty Records. "Something Up My Sleeve" produced two Top 10 singles: "Just Like the Weather" and "Hey Cinderella", which Bogguss co-wrote with Grammy-nominated songwriters Matraca Berg and Gary Harrison. Two other singles, "You Wouldn't Say That to a Stranger" and "Souvenirs", were less successful, both failing to make Top 40.
The UK release included the bonus track "Take It to the Limit," which Bogguss recorded for the Eagles tribute album, "".
Certifications.
RIAA Certification

</doc>
<doc id="9847620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847620" title="Nils Hasselmo">
Nils Hasselmo

Nils Hasselmo (born July 2, 1931) was the thirteenth president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1988 to 1997. He went on to become the president of the Association of American Universities from 1998 to 2006.
Background.
Hasselmo was born in Köla parish in Värmland County, Sweden. He completed undergraduate and graduate degrees in Scandinavian languages and literature at Uppsala University, and did his military service in the Royal Signal Corps, including officer's training. As a scholarship student in the United States in 1956-57, he received a B.A. at Augustana College, Rock Island, Illinois. He finished a Ph.D. in linguistics from Harvard University in 1961.
Biography.
After teaching at Augustana and the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Hasselmo joined the faculty of the University of Minnesota in 1965. During the next 18 years at Minnesota, he served as chair of the Department of Scandinavian Languages and Literature and director of the Center for Northwest European Language and Area Studies, associate dean and executive officer of the College of Liberal Arts, and vice president for administration and planning. In 1983, he left Minnesota to serve for five and a half years as senior vice president for academic affairs and provost at the University of Arizona. He returned to the University of Minnesota as its 13th president in December 1988.
Hasselmo's scholarly work has focused on the study of bilingualism and language contact, including books and articles on the Swedish language in America. He was a Fulbright-Hays scholar in Sweden and Iceland in 1968-69, and has lectured and served in visiting appointments at Scandinavian universities.
Hasselmo has served as chair of the National Association of State Universities and Land-Grant Colleges, the Big Ten Council of Presidents, and the Minnesota Higher Education Advisory Council. He has been president of the Society for the Advancement of Scandinavian Study and the Swedish-American Historical Society, and chairman of the Swedish Council of America, an umbrella organization with 300 affiliates. He has served, or serves, on the board of the National Merit Scholarship Corporation, the Universities' Research Association, the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, the Council on Library and Information Resources, The American-Scandinavian Foundation, and a number of other scholarly, educational, civic, and cultural organizations.
Hasselmo has been the recipient of honors such as the Royal Order of the North Star by the King of Sweden, 1973; King Carl XVI Gustaf's Bicentennial Medal in Gold, 1976; and the Sandburg Medal, 1989; he was selected as Swedish-American of the Year by the Swedish government and the Vasa Order of America in 1991. He has been elected to membership in several Swedish scholarly societies, and holds honorary doctorates from Uppsala University, Augustana College, and North Park University.
Nils Hasselmo Hall.
Following his retirement as President of the University of Minnesota, the Basic Sciences and Biomedical Engineering Building was renamed the Nils Hasselmo Hall. 
Nils Hasselmo Papers.
The papers of Nils and Patricia Hasselmo, covering the period 1960s-1997, are located in University of Minnesota Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="9847625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847625" title="Round the corner kicking">
Round the corner kicking

Round the corner kicking is the generally required method of kicking in rugby union today.
History.
Round the corner kicking was an innovation in the 1940s of Willie Horne, the Barrow, Lancashire, England and Great Britain captain and rugby league player. His distinctive round the corner style of kicking enabled him to kick over 100 goals in the 1945–46 season and then he scored more than 700 goals for his club Barrow before his retirement in 1969. He is regarded as the original inventor of this system of kicking and the soft-toed boots he used at the time reflected his alternative to the toe-end style of kicking which was then prevalent in both league and union throughout the world before he revolutionised place kicking for all time.
The first global exponent of the 'round the corner' style was Barry John. It led to a significant increase in the number of 'round the corner' style players in the 1970s- Andy Irvine, Phil Bennett, Gerald Bosch. In New Zealand, they held onto the 'straight up & down', or 'toehack' as it was called down under, with such players as BG Williams, Bevan Wilson, Steve Watt until Alan Hewson came on the scene, the glove wearing kicker who kicked the last minute penalty at Eden Park in 1981, in an South Africa - New Zealand game. (CLA)
Advantages.
The proponents of Round The Corner kicking which is the generally required method of kicking in rugby union today argue that greater accuracy and range can be obtained by this method compared to the Toe Kick method.
It can be argued that:
Disadvantages.
The disadvantage of round the corner may be that it is more difficult to aim the ball especially when kicking from the side of the field, this requires greater accuracy to get the ball between the poles.
Players using this method do carefully measured steps to put them in the right position to kick the ball in the desired direction.
Nevertheless some older players that used the Toe Kick method in the seventies argue that there is little difference between Round The Corner and Toe Kicking and that Round The Corner Kicking is just a fad.

</doc>
<doc id="9847632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847632" title="Madeleine Ennis">
Madeleine Ennis

Madeleine Ennis is a pharmacologist and researcher at Queen's University in Belfast, Northern Ireland. She generated controversy by publishing results that seemed to show that ultra-dilute solutions of histamine, diluted to the levels used in homeopathic remedies, could affect cells just as the controls did. Her report said, "We are unable to explain our findings and are reporting them to encourage others to investigate this phenomenon", though she remains sceptical.
A team of scientists failed to replicate these results. These experiments were conducted by reputable scientists under protocols set by the James Randi Educational Foundation under its One Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="9847653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847653" title="Global atmospheric electrical circuit">
Global atmospheric electrical circuit

The global atmospheric electrical circuit is the continuous movement of electrical current between the ionosphere and the earth's surface. This flow is powered by thunderstorms, which cause a build-up of positive charge in the ionosphere. In fair weather this positive charge slowly flows back to the surface.
History.
Atmospheric electricity has been studied since 1750, when Benjamin Franklin and Thomas-François Dalibard began their famous thunderstorm experiments. In 1752, Louis-Guillaume Le Monnier observed electrification in fair weather. Various others performed measurements throughout the late 18th century, often finding consistent diurnal variations. During the 19th century, several long series of observations were made. Measurements near cities were heavily influenced by smoke pollution. In the early 20th century, balloon ascents provided information about the electric field in the upper atmosphere. Important work was done by the research vessel Carnegie, which produced standardised measurements around the world's oceans (where the air is relatively clean).
C.T.R. Wilson was the first to present a theory of a global circuit in 1920.
Mechanism.
Thunderstorms generate an electrical potential difference between the earth's surface and the ionosphere, mainly by means of lightning. Because of this, the ionosphere is positively charged relative to the earth. Consequently, there is always a small current transporting charged particles between the ionosphere and the surface. Since air is a good insulator, this current is carried by a small number of ions present in the atmosphere (generated mainly by cosmic rays in the upper atmosphere, and by radioactivity near the surface).
The voltages involved are significant. At sea level, the typical potential gradient in fair weather is 120 V/m. Nonetheless, since the conductivity of air is limited, the associated currents are also limited. A typical value is 1800 A over the entire planet.

</doc>
<doc id="9847661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847661" title="Feadship">
Feadship

Feadship is a cooperative venture between two shipyards (Royal van Lent and Royal De Vries) and maritime engineering company De Voogt Naval Architects.
History.
Feadship can trace its roots back to 1877, when the Akerboom family bought a small shipyard off the coast of the Netherlands to build and repair boats. They joined with the Van Lent family in 1927, and then in 1949 they founded Feadship together with the De Vries, another family-based shipyard, to form Feadship.
Feadship has three shipyards in Aalsmeer, Makkum and Kaag and one design and engineering center, De Voogt Naval Architects. 
After World War II the market for the previously successful industry was left in ruins. Even after four years of peace, there remained little money or inclination in Europe for ordering pleasure yachts. Encouraged by the Dutch government's export incentives, Feadship (First Export Association of Dutch Shipbuilders), was founded by naval architect Henri de Voogt in 1949 as an export association with the intention of selling to American clients. Several ship yards were members in the beginning:
Feadship was officially launched at the 1951 New York Boat Show of 1951, which show cased the use of steel, a yacht technology unused then in North America for yachts. With orders now flowing for both steel and aluminum, by the mid-1950s Feadship stopped building yachts in wood. This started a series of mergers, leading to just three yards within the agreement by 1966.
The 1960s as a whole witnessed steady growth - both in the organization's reputation and the size of the vessels it built. 85–90 ft, 100–110 ft, 120 ft with fully raised wheelhouses, trans-Atlantic capabilities; various milestones in construction history were reached and surpassed. By the early 1970s however, Feadship's popularity had greatly increased, with several yachts being launched each year (see list below).
As the American economy boomed, Henry Ford and Malcolm Forbes were but two of a host of famous folk to take advantage of Feadship's custom-built yachts. 
In 1977, a separate entity was established in the US in place of the customary representative agent. Don Kenniston was Feadship America's first general manager, a position he held until 2008. The Americas office is now managed by Timothy Hamilton. 
LVMH acquired Royal Van Lent in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9847666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847666" title="Ahmed Refai Taha">
Ahmed Refai Taha

The Egyptian Refa'i Ahmed Taha () or Refa'i Ahmed Taha Musa or Ahmed Refa'i Taha, alias Abu Yasser al-Masri (
), is the former leader of a terrorist component of al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, having succeeded "The Blind Sheikh" Omar Abdel-Rahman in that role after the latter's arrest in 1993 and imprisonment for life in 1995. He was one of 14 people subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA prior to the 2001 declaration of a War on Terror.
The list of banned entities maintained by the US Treasury Department puts his date of birth at 24 June 1954, and lists additional aliases of his, including 'Issam 'Ali Muhammad 'Abd Allah, (
). He is named as an undicted co-conspirator in the current indictment of 21 members of al-Qaeda and affiliated groups, for various roles in the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Africa. Earlier in 1998, Taha was one of five people who signed, or are alleged to have signed, a threatening so-called "fatwa" against the United States and Israel and their civilians; the other signatories included Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri; see Fatāwā of Osama bin Laden. In 2000, Taha appeared in a video with bin Laden and al-Zawahiri which threatened a violence over the imprisonment of Omar Abdel-Rahman.
Taha was also wanted in his native Egypt, where he had been sentenced to death in the 1999 case of the Returnees from Albania. In October 2001 Taha was arrested at the Damascus airport (after fleeing the post-9/11 invasion of Afghanistan, quite probably) and quietly extradited to Egypt. Al-Qaeda claimed in 2006 that he is still alive and was in custody while some other al-Qaeda propaganda still holds up Abdel-Rahman (who is in prison, in ADX Florence) as the "spiritual" leader of the Egyptian side of that body. Official sources did not reveal where Taha is, or even whether he was still alive. However, it was revealed in 2012 that he was freed from prison after the fall of the regime of Hosni Mubarak, and was present at the protest in Cairo in front of the American embassy on 11 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9847695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847695" title="Stone Bridge (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)">
Stone Bridge (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

The Stone Bridge spans the Conemaugh River in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The bridge is a seven-arch stone railroad bridge located on the Norfolk Southern Railway mainline, built by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1887-88. Its upstream face was reinforced with concrete in 1929. This bridge survived the Johnstown Flood of 1889, but the bridge blocked debris, which subsequently caught fire and created an inferno covering . The bridge is visible from Point Park in downtown Johnstown.
Stone Bridge project.
The Stone Bridge, located on the edge of Johnstown’s downtown, is an arched bridge built by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1887. On May 31, 1889, its seven arches blocked tons of debris, including miles of barbed wire twisted through it from the destruction of a plant; all were carried by the waters of the Johnstown Flood, but the bridge withstood its force. An enormous fire broke out in the debris at the bridge, killing scores of people trapped within it, and burning for three days.
A Johnstown landmark, the three-track bridge is still used by the railroad. Now owned by the Norfolk Southern Railway, the bridge is located near Route 56, the most heavily traveled road in the region. It is highly visible from Route 56, downtown, the Johnstown Area Heritage Association's (JAHA) newly established Festival Park, and the restaurant and visitors center above the city at the Inclined Plane. The bridge needed restoration, as its stone façade had long since been covered with concrete, added when the bridge was expanded with a third track, and its general appearance was poor.
A bridge restoration project was developed by community leaders, to include cleaning and physical and aesthetic improvements, resurfacing of the south side, and new lighting with energy-efficient LED lighting adjustable to different colors and intensities. Estimated to cost $1.2 million, the project was initiated in 2008 as part of flood commemorative activities.
Michael Brosig, co-chair of the Stone Bridge Committee, said, 
"The significance of the Stone Bridge is that it stood its ground against the flood waters and altered the future of Johnstown completely and forever. It created the backdrop for the event that put Johnstown on the map. Restoring the South facade of that structure and casting LED lighting on it will certainly showcase the triumph of the human spirit in a spectacular style for all to see, enjoy and be proud of their heritage. Based on its strategic location, it is the lynchpin of the historic district of our city."
Consultants on the bridge restoration project included Shadowstone, Inc., of Clifton, New Jersey, for the lighting. For the bridge restoration and rehabilitation, the group worked with Pawlowski & Haman Architects, P.C., and H. F. Lenz Co., both of Johnstown.

</doc>
<doc id="9847702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847702" title="Malkinia">
Malkinia

Malkinia can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9847709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847709" title="List of B-29 Superfortress operators">
List of B-29 Superfortress operators

This is a list of B-29 Superfortress units consisting of nations, their air forces, and the unit assignments that used the B-29 during World War II, Korean War, and post war periods, including variants and other historical information
Delivery of the first YB-29 test aircraft (YB-29-BW 41-36954) to the USAAF was made in June 1943, being delivered to the 58th Bombardment Wing, 40th Bombardment Group. The first production B-29s began to roll off the production lines at Boeing-Wichita in September 1943, also going to the 58th BW.
The last B-29 was delivered by Boeing-Wichita (B-29-100-BW, 45-21872) in September 1945. 21872 was converted to a WB-29; being destroyed in a crash on 25 September 1953 near Eielson AFB, Alaska, when assigned to the 58th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron (Medium), Weather.
United States Army Air Forces.
Combat Groups.
Army Air Forces B-29 groups and squadrons assigned to operations as part of the Pacific War against the Japanese Empire, 1944–1945. Includes units assigned to the XX Bomber Command in the China-Burma-India Theater (April 1944-February 1945), and to XXI Bomber Command in the Pacific Theater of Operations (PTO) (March–August 1945). Also includes groups and squadrons deployed to Okinawa assigned to Eighth Air Force, in July/August 1945 but did not engage in combat operations.
Non-Combat Groups.
Army Air Forces groups which were assigned to Second Air Force for conversion B-29 training during the summer of 1945. These groups were returned to the United States from the European Theater of Operations (ETO) after the German Capitulation in May 1945, and were programmed to redeploy to the Pacific Theater of Operations (PTO) after their training was completed. However, the Japanese Capitulation and the end of combat in the PTO led to their inactivation after August 1945.
.* Note: The 472d Bombardment Group was a Second Air Force Operational Training Unit for initial B-29 crew training established in 1943; the 5th Bombardment Group was redesignated and reequipped as a B-29 unit by Far East Air Forces and assigned to Thirteenth Air Force in the Philippines in 1946 from aircraft and equipment of former XXI Bomber Command units which had inactivated. The 5th BG was a prewar bomb group assigned to Hawaii at the time of the Pearl Harbor Attack; its B-17s largely destroyed on the ground at Hickam Field. The unit was reformed into a B-24 Liberator heavy bomb group after the attack and was assigned to Thirteenth AF during the war; the 32d Composite Wing flew RB-29s for Far East Air Forces in the late 1940s, primarily as photo-mapping aircraft over China, Formosa, Indochina and Korea.
Strategic Air Command (Groups).
Army Air Forces B-29 bomb groups assigned to Strategic Air Command (SAC) after the command's establishment in March 1946. Includes groups were returned to the United States from the European Theater and were programmed to redeploy to the Pacific Theater of Operations (PTO) after their B-29 conversion training was completed. These units were retained on active service after the Japanese Capitulation in August 1945 and were assigned to Continental Air Forces (CAF). In March 1946 were transferred to SAC upon redesignation of CAF to SAC.
Many of these units and squadrons were undermanned and under-equipped due to the rapid demobilization of the armed forces in this period. In addition, frequent inactivations and activations were made, with older, prewar units being reactivated in place of younger, wartime units. Up until the end of the Korean War, SAC used tail markings that consisted of a combination of geometric shapes and letters. The shape would indicate the Numbered Air Force, with a triangle representing the Eighth Air Force; a circle for Fifteenth Air Force and a square for Second Air Force. This system was phased out in 1953.
United States Air Force.
Strategic Air Command (Wings).
The B-29 was the mainstay of Strategic Air Command after World War II until the Korean War. B-29 "Very Heavy" bomber units were redesignated "Medium" with the introduction of the B-36 Peacemaker into the inventory in 1948, with some units transitioning to the B-36/RB-36 beginning in 1949. The B-50 Superfortress, an advanced version of the B-29 was also introduced in 1949.
SAC deployed non nuclear-capable B-29 groups to Far East Air Forces in 1950 to conduct strategic bombardment missions over the skies of North Korea, however the aircraft was made obsolete by the development of Soviet jet-powered interceptors such as the MiG-15. The B-29 soldiered on for a more few years in the strategic bombardment role, but by 1955 was replaced by the B-47 Stratojet medium bomber.
In 1950, conversions of B-29s to KB-29P aerial tankers began to reach SAC squadrons. KB-29s were in service with SAC until being replaced by the KC-97 Stratotanker (which was itself based on the B-29) by 1955.
Tactical Air Command.
After the Korean War and the phaseout of the B-29/KB-29 from SAC, KB-29s were acquired by Tactical Air Command to serve as dedicated aerial refueling tankers for Tactical Fighter aircraft to give TAC a worldwide deployment capability separate from SAC. However, it was found that the KB-29 was totally unsuitable for the refuelling of jet fighters because they were too slow. The KB-29s were replaced beginning in 1956 with faster KB-50s.
Air Resupply And Communications Service.
During the Cold War, the Military Air Transport Service the controlling command for Air Commando units which performed special operations during the 1950s, including during the Korean War. As part of the equipment used by the Air Resupply And Communications Service (ARCS) were B-29s modified for special operations missions.
Air Weather Service.
Air Weather Service (part of Military Air Transport Service) received their first B-29s in various versions (B-29, RB-29, TB-29, WB-29) in 1946 AWS initially used B-29s in support of the 1946 Operation Crossroads atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll.
Weather reconnaissance duties required special variant of the B-29. Armament and related equipment was removed and in place of upper forward turret astrodome was installed. Additional radio and specialized meteorological equipment was installed and such refitted aircraft was redesignated WB-29. While the B-29's "public" mission was that of weather reconnaissance, the "covert" mission, that of atmospheric sampling for radiation debris, was perhaps the more critical task.
WB-29s soldiered on through the mid-1950s, providing critical data on tropical storms, nuclear tests, and many other routine but important reconnaissance tasks. But the airplanes were weary, and by 1956 were replaced by a modification of seventy-eight B-50Ds to WB-50 configuration.
NOTE: *Under operational control of Far East Air Forces flying combat weather reconnaissance missions over North Korea during the Korean War
Weapons Systems Development/Testing.
B-29-96-BW serial number 45-21800 was used as the "mother" aircraft for launches of the Bell X-1 rocket-powered research aircraft at Edwards AFB. On October 14, 1947, Capt Charles E. "Chuck" Yeager was dropped in his X-1 from the B-29 and was credited as the first human to pilot an aircraft faster than the speed of sound.
Several B-29s were modified for various experimental purposes under the designation EB-29. Perhaps the best known of these was the EB-29 used as the carrier aircraft for the McDonnell XF-85 Goblin parasite fighter in 1948. The rear bomb bay was modified to carry a special cradle from which the XF-85 could be launched and retrieved in flight.
Other B-29s flown at Eglin/Muroc/Edwards AFB were XB-29E fire control test model; XG-29G (44-84043) which served as a flying test bed for J-35, J-47 and J-73 jet engines mounted in the bomb bay; the YB-29H used for special armament testing; YB-29J used for services testing of improved engine designs; QB-29 target drones. The CB-29K was an experimental transport version.
Air Defense Command.
Beginning in 1954, the 4754th Radar Evaluation Squadron, Air Defense Command operated B-29s from various bases in the United States to provide ECM training and evaluation services to its radar site personnel. The B-29s contained an assortment of RADAR jamming devices to provide the required training of personnel.
The last B-29 (a TB-29 radar evaluation aircraft, B-29-15-MO serial number 42-65234) was retired from the USAF inventory at 2010 hours on June 21, 1960, when Major Clarence C. Rarick of the 6023d Radar Evaluation Squadron landed at Naha Air Base, Okinawa, bringing the era of B-29 Superfortress military service to an end.
United States Navy.
The United States Navy received four B-29s on April 14, 1947 and redesignated as P2B. Two of these aircraft were in standard configuration (P2B-1S), two another were equipped with test radar and additional fuel tank in bomb bay (P2B-2S).
Naval B-29s were used as test beds and as mother ships in various programs. One P2B-1S was extensively modified to carry the Douglas D-558-II Skyrocket supersonic rocket-powered research aircraft. The first Skyrocket launch took place on September 8, 1950. The Skyrocket exceeded Mach 2 for the first time on November 20, 1953 (piloted by Scott Crossfield). The last Skyrocket flight took place in December 1956.
P2B-1S BuNo 84029 was later transferred to NACA for continuation of high-speed flight tests and was redesignated as NACA-137. It was eventually sold to a civilian owner, a museum in Oakland, California. This was the only example of a flyable B-29 ever being sold to a civilian operator. This B-29 was flown on rare occasions under the civil registration N91329. After many years of inactivity, it was sold to the Kermit Weeks Aviation Museum of Miami, Florida. It was transported there disassembled in 1987. It was registered with the Weeks Museum as N29KW.
Allied nations.
The Royal Air Force urgently needed interim aircraft for their bomber squadrons briefly as a "stop gap" in the early 1950s, prior to the build up of the RAF Canberra jet bomber force. This was considered an excellent arrangement from the RAF’s point of view as it provided experience of operating relatively modern equipment without diverting any of the development effort and investment from the Canberra and the V bombers.
A formal agreement with the USA was signed on January 27, 1950 and the USAF loaned the RAF seventy B-29 bombers which received the serials "WF434"-"WF448", "WF490"-"WF-514" and "WF545"-"WF574". Later another 18 were delivered under serials "WW342"-"WW356" and "WZ966"-"WZ968". The aircraft received the service name Boeing Washington B.1 (B.1 from "Bomber Mark 1") with RAF Bomber Command from 1950 as a longer-range nuclear-capable bomber, pending the introduction of the English Electric Canberra in quantity.
Most of the airframes were taken out of USAF storage and many were virtually new, having been delivered at the end of the Pacific War, although a small number came from operational units. The first 4 aircraft were delivered to the Washington Conversion Unit at RAF Marham on March 22, 1950. All B-29s for the RAF were ferried by the crews of the 307th Bombardment Wing USAF. The first unit converted to Washingtons was No. 115 Squadron RAF which flown from USA in June 1950. Two RAF Washingtons took part in the Laurence Minot SAC bombing competition in 1951 alongside USAF B-29s.
Squadrons based at RAF Coningsby were converted to English Electric Canberra bombers in 1953. Squadrons from RAF Marham were converted a year later. Most Washingtons were returned to the United States, being flown by RAF crews to Dover AFB; then subsequently to the aircraft storage facility at Davis-Monthan AFB. A small number of Washingtons remained in the United Kingdom, being used by 192 Sq. for Electronic Intelligence operations until 1958; later being used as ground target airframes for RAF combat aircraft.
Two ex-RAF Washingtons ("WW354" and "WW353") (former USAAF 44-61963; 44-62049) were turned over by the RAF to the Royal Australian Air Force Aeronautical Research and Development Unit in late 1952 and conducted trials for the United Kingdom's Ministry of Supply. They were assigned the RAAF serials A76-1 and A76-2. Both aircraft were retired in 1956 and sold for scrap in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="9847719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847719" title="Hall Bartlett">
Hall Bartlett

Hall Bartlett (November 27, 1922 – September 7, 1993) was an American film producer, director, and screen writer.
Early life.
Hall Bartlett was born in Kansas City, Missouri, he graduated from Yale University Phi Beta Kappa, and was a Rhodes Scholar nominee. He served five years in Naval intelligence, then started his film making career when he began producing the documentary film "Navajo", the first contemporary picture to focus attention on the plight of the American Indian. Bartlett was also the first filmmaker to do a picture about professional football: his "Crazylegs" was the story of superstar Elroy Hirsch.
Film career.
His next film, "Unchained", was filmed inside the California Institution for Men at Chino, California. Bartlett spent six months living as an inmate while he wrote the screenplay. The film's musical theme, "Unchained Melody," became an international classic.
Bartlett then acquired the rights to the first novel of Arthur Hailey, "Zero Hour!", and made it into a suspense film. The film's plot was later used for "Airplane!", the 1980 spoof of disaster films.
"Drango", a study of the post American Civil War era, was based on the true story about a Union officer who returned to the land his fellow soldiers had ravaged to try to rebuild the South, as Abraham Lincoln had encouraged before his assassination.
"All the Young Men", starring Sidney Poitier was about a black man's struggle to achieve first class citizenship.
"The Caretakers" centered on the problems of mental health and was (at the request of President John F. Kennedy) the first film ever shown on the floor of the United States Senate. Two days after the screening, President Kennedy’s mental health bill was passed without a dissenting vote.
"A Global Affair", a story about the first baby ever born in the United Nations building in New York City, starred Bob Hope and Lilo Pulver.
Hall's film, "Sol Madrid", was made from the Robert Wilder novel, "The Fruit of The Poppy".
"Changes", a strongly personal examination of the younger generation, was filmed in college communities across the country to record honest insights into issues of the day. "The New York Times" called the film "one of the most imaginative, haunting and artistic movies yet made. It is a remarkable film and – more than that – a remarkable experience."
"The Sandpit Generals" received international acclaim and was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
Bartlett's film "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" was filmed entirely without human actors on screen, using only voiceovers, and before computer-generated effects were available. In order to make seagulls act on cue and perform aerobatics, Mark Smith of Escondido, California, built radio-controlled gliders that looked remarkably like real seagulls from a few feet away. The writer Richard Bach was so unimpressed with the treatment of the film that he sued the Paramount Pictures Corporation for negligence. Critics blasted the film, calling it "for the birds". Despite the criticism, the movie garnered praise from artistic and technical film professionals and earned Academy Award nominations for film editing (Frank P. Keller, James Galloway) and cinematography (Jack Couffer).
"The Search of Zubin Mehta" is a story of an extraordinary family, eminently making a high place of cultural achievement in the world.
"The Children of Sanchez" was written for the screen by Cesare Zavattini based on Oscar Lewis's book of the same title, a classic study of a Mexican family interpreted by Anthony Quinn, Dolores del Río and his wife Lupita Ferrer. This film is better known for its Grammy award winning musical score by Chuck Mangione. The film was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
"Love is Forever" is the true story of one of the most daring escapes in modern history. John Everingham rescued his Laotian fiancée under the watchful guns of the Pathet Lao Army, executing an unforgettable, exciting, dangerous, and life-risking plan. The plan demanded a year's careful training and study, after Everingham, a top reporter was imprisoned in Laos, then expelled from the country with a high price for his murder if he ever returned. Bartlett filmed "Love Is Forever" in Thailand. He is the first person to get permission to shoot on the Mekong River, two miles away from the Army of Laos.
Personal life and death.
Bartlett was heavily involved in the Los Angeles community as a founder of the Music Center, a director of the James Doolittle Theatre, a patron of the Art Museum, a patron of the American Youth Symphony, a board member of KCET, and organizer of the Los Angeles Rams Club and the Los Angeles Lakers Basketball Club.
At the time of his passing in 1993, Bartlett was finishing his second novel for Random House, "Face to Face". His first novel, "The Rest of Our Lives", was a best seller in 1988. Bartlett had partnered with Michael J. Lasky and developed a dozen projects for the eleven years prior to his death. One of these projects included the film "Catch Me If You Can". Bartlett and Lasky both wrote and drafted many scripts for the project with Hall positioned as the director and Lasky producing. The rights were eventually sold and produced/directed by Steven Spielberg, nineteen years after Lasky's first option. In his last days, they were working on a three-picture slate which included the re-mastering of "Jonathan Livingston Seagull". The production team grew to include Robert Watts, known for being one of the producers on a number of Spielberg and Lucas films.
Awards.
Bartlett's films have received ten Best Picture and Best director awards at international film festivals, seventeen Academy Award nominations, eight Hollywood Foreign Press Golden Globe Awards, and more than 75 national and international awards from publications and organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="9847769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847769" title="John D. Wiley">
John D. Wiley

John Duncan Wiley (born March 23, 1942 in Evansville, Indiana) is a faculty member and former chancellor of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Wiley was named the 28th Chancellor of the University on November 10, 2000, and assumed office on January 1, 2001. He stepped down as chancellor and returned to the faculty on September 1, 2008. From November 1, 2008 through November 2011, he served as interim director of the Wisconsin Institute for Discovery.
Career overview.
Wiley has had a long career with UW–Madison, with nearly 40 years of involvement as either a student, faculty member, or administrator. From 1994 to 2000, he served as Wisconsin's Provost and Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs. Prior to that, he was the University's Vice Chancellor for Research and Dean of the Graduate School and the Associate Dean for Research in the College of Engineering.
Research.
A research physicist by training, Wiley's academic work has focused on research in semiconductors and solid state physics. He received his bachelor’s degree in physics from Indiana University in 1964, and master’s and doctoral degrees in physics in 1965 and 1968 from UW–Madison on a National Science Foundation Fellowship. He returned to UW–Madison as a faculty member in the College of Engineering in 1975, after having worked with Bell Telephone Laboratories and at the Max Planck Institute in Stuttgart, Germany as an awardee of the Alexander von Humboldt Senior U.S. Service Award for Research and Training.
Chancellor tenure.
His tenure as Chancellor was distinguished by record-breaking fund-raising efforts and a strong emphasis on strategic planning. Wiley attracted alumni and institutional investment to several projects on campus, most notably the Wisconsin Institutes of Discovery. A number of new construction projects were begun during his tenure, including two new dormitories, a new Microbial Sciences Building, and major expansions to the Business and Medical Schools. He also commissioned an expansive Campus Master Plan that would guide physical development of the campus for the next decade. Central to this plan is the creation of an East Campus Arts Corridor, which will require the renovation or demolition of several existing campus buildings. Wiley was known as an avid patron of the arts, providing personal sponsorship and funding for a number of different performing and visual arts activities both on and off campus. As Chancellor, he sponsored a series of performances by artists across campus called "The Chancellor Presents . . . ".
Binge drinking on campus.
Wiley devoted considerable attention early in his chancellorship to curbing binge drinking on campus through a grant from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. "The RWJ Project", as it was called, sought to change the "drinking culture" of UW-Madison through education and the encouragement of dry events and substance-free programming on campus. Wiley (himself an avid oenophile) maintained that the aim was not to stop consumption of alcohol, but to end dangerous binge-drinking by students. Critics contended that heavy alcohol consumption was far too much ingrained in the state culture of Wisconsin to be effectively addressed by such a program.

</doc>
<doc id="9847796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847796" title="Elton Younger">
Elton Younger

Major-General Allan Elton Younger DSO OBE, (Tony Younger) (4 May 1919 – 5 July 2010) was a British soldier and author, Colonel Commandant of the Royal Engineers from 1974 to 1979. 
Background.
Younger's family has a long military tradition. His father was Brigadier Arthur Allan Shakespear Younger, and his grandfather was Colonel John Younger, Royal Artillery.
Education.
He was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, and Christ's College, Cambridge.
Career.
He was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1939 and saw active service in World War II, taking part in the Dunkirk evacuation, the Normandy Landings, then later in the Korean War.
In 1942, he took part in trials on the Scottish island of Gruinard to test the potential of anthrax as a weapon. He later said that its lethality compared with chemical weapons was like the difference between TNT and a nuclear bomb.
He served in Burma, 1946–1947, Malaya, 1948, and Korea, 1950-1951. At the start of the Korean War, Younger was given command of 55 Field Squadron, Royal Engineers.
From 1954 to 1957, he taught at Sandhurst, and from 1960 to 1962 commanded 36 Corps Engineer Regiment in the UK and Kenya.
He went on to become the Senior Army Member of the Directing Staff at the Royal College of Defence Studies from 1972 to 1975 and Colonel Commandant of the Royal Engineers between 1974 and 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9847823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847823" title="Gilded triggerfish">
Gilded triggerfish

The gilded triggerfish or blue-throated Triggerfish, "Xanthichthys auromarginatus", is a spotted gray triggerfish. Males of the species have blue cheeks and yellow-bordered white fins. They can grow up to in length. It is widely, but locally, distributed at islands in the Indo-Pacific.
In the aquarium.
Unlike most triggerfish, it is rarely aggressive towards other fish. It needs a minimum size tank of 75 gallons. When it gets settled it likes to swims in the open waters above rocky or sandy substrates. This triggerfish is the only triggerfish that will breed in the home aquarium. This fish should not harm any sessile invertebrates but may eat ornamental shrimps. Males have a blue throat patch and a bright yellow edge to the tail, dorsal and ventral fins.

</doc>
<doc id="9847834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847834" title="Damon Keating">
Damon Keating

Damon Keating (born 25 July 1974 in Brisbane, Australia) was an Australian rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition. His position of choice was usually at prop-forward. He later moved to England to play for the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in 2002.
While with the Brisbane Broncos, he also played for the Past Brothers in the Queensland Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9847836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847836" title="Tooban">
Tooban

Tooban is an Irish Townland in County Donegal in the north west of Rep of Ireland.
It was served by Tooban Junction railway station from 1864 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="9847848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847848" title="Linga, Victoria">
Linga, Victoria

"For other uses, please see Linga (disambiguation)"
Linga is a locality situated on the section of the Mallee Highway between Ouyen and the South Australian border in the Sunraysia region. The place by road, is situated about 8 kilometres east from Boinka and 11 kilometres west from Underbool. 
The name Linga is believed to be an invented derivative from the traditional Aboriginal name "Lar-gni" which meant "camp of ..." because as a place to camp it was a place to linger.
The Post Office (as a receiving office) opened on 15 July 1912 when a regular mail service was provided by the opening of the railway from Ouyen to Murrayville a month earlier. It was called Manpy until 1913 and closed in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9847849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847849" title="Miss USA 1997">
Miss USA 1997

Miss USA 1997, the 46th Miss USA pageant, was held at Shreveport, Louisiana in January and February, 1997. Delegates arrived in the city on January 19, the preliminary competition was held on February 2, 1997 and the final competition on February 5, 1997. The event, held at the Hirsch Memorial Coliseum was broadcast live on CBS. 
At the conclusion of the final competition, Brook Mahealani Lee of Hawaii was crowned by outgoing titleholder Ali Landry of Louisiana, becoming the fourth Hawaiian to win the Miss USA pageant. Three months later Lee won the Miss Universe 1997 pageant in Miami Beach, Florida, and first runner-up Brandi Sherwood of Idaho assumed the Miss USA title.
The pageant was held in Shreveport, Louisiana for the first time, having been held in South Padre Island, Texas the previous three years and in Wichita, Kansas the four years prior. The new location was announced in August 1996, and then reigning Miss USA, Louisiana native Ali Landry, was invited to attend the official contract signing. 
The pageant was hosted by George Hamilton for the only time, and Marla Maples Trump, soon-to-be ex-wife of pageant owner Donald Trump, offered colour commentary for the only time.Randy Newman provided entertainment during the competition. 
Just prior to the final event it was announced that broadcaster CBS had entered a partnership with Trump, becoming half-owners of the Miss USA pageant and the associated Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe competitions.
While the delegates were in Louisiana, over sixty corporate sponsors provided funding for events, which included dinners, receptions and cocktail parties. There were over three hundred volunteers involved. The delegates were involved in more than forty-five hours of rehearsals prior to the preliminary competition and final show.
This was the first year in which delegates were allowed to choose whether they wanted to wear one-piece or two-piece bathing suits for the preliminary and final swimsuit competitions. In previous years, the delegates were all assigned to only wear either one or the other.
Results.
Placements.
∞ Lee won Miss Universe 1997. Due to protocol, Lee resigns her title as Miss USA 1997. 1st runner-up, Brandi Sherwood, replaces her as Miss USA.
Scores.
Preliminary competition.
The following are the contestants' scores in the preliminary competition.
Delegates.
The Miss USA 1997 delegates were:
Crossovers.
Ten delegates had previously competed in either the Miss Teen USA or Miss America pageants. 
Delegates who had previously held a Miss Teen USA state title were:
Delegates who had previously held a Miss America state title were:

</doc>
<doc id="9847851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847851" title="Peter Faiman">
Peter Faiman

Peter Leonard Faiman (born 1944 in Melbourne), AM is an Australian television producer with experience in film, live television and events. He has had a long standing working relationship with the Nine Network.
Biography.
Faiman directed/produced the "Paul Hogan Show" and the Graham Kennedy and Don Lane shows for about six years of its eight-and-a-half-year run. He also produced a show hosted by Bert Newton and one by Ernie Sigley. In 1981 he was awarded the Member of the Order of Australia in the 1981 Queen's New Years Honours List for his services to the media, particularly in the field of television production.
Faiman was involved in several Rupert Murdoch projects, including in the UK as creative and management consultant for BSkyB, in the US on the Fox Network where he produced the Emmy Award winning news magazine program "The Reporters" and "A Current Affair" in New York. He went on to become Vice President Fox Circle Productions and later, President Programs and Production 20th Century Fox Television in Los Angeles. He guided the launch of the FX (TV network) in New York in 1994, and was the co-ordinating director for the opening and closing broadcasts of the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games on behalf of the Sydney Olympic Broadcasting Organisation (SOBO).
Faiman directed the 1986 blockbuster film ""Crocodile" Dundee", and the 1991 box office disappointment American comedy "Dutch". He also produced the animated feature "".
Since returning to Australia in 2002 he has been a program consultant for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, acting as a consulting producer on "Strictly Ballroom", "Spicks and Specks" and "The Pet Show". Faiman also helped conceptualise the Webby Award Winning multi-platform project SkillsOne.

</doc>
<doc id="9847901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847901" title="The Astounding Wolf-Man">
The Astounding Wolf-Man

The Astounding Wolf-Man is a comic book series launched by Image Comics on May 5, 2007. It ran until its final 25th issue in 2010. The series was created and written by Robert Kirkman with art by Jason Howard. The first issue of "The Astounding Wolf-Man" was given away for free as part of Free Comic Book Day. A "director's cut" edition of the first issue was released the same date as the second issue.
The story is that of Gary Hampton, a CEO who is mauled by a werewolf while on a family vacation. The story revolves around Gary's efforts to use his powers for good and to be a superhero, despite having an evil curse.
Plot.
The story begins when, while at Willow Creek Camping Ground in Montana, vacationing with his beautiful wife, Rebecca Hampton, and their loving daughter, Chloe Hampton, Gary was mauled one night and left near-dead by what his wife thought was a bear.
Attack & Aftermath.
One month later, Gary awoke from a coma he had been in because of the attack, apparently restored from his previously grievous injuries - it is soon found out that Gary has not only survived this attack that would have killed a normal human, but has gained the ability to transform into a werewolf; the same night he regained consciousness, Gary unknowingly transformed into a werewolf and rampaged through town and even went as far as (apparently) killing a man. An oblivious Gary continues with his life, struggling to keep his business working in the aftermath of his highly publicized attack and near-death. Ultimately, when he, Rebecca and their estate manager and Gary's closest friend, Dunford, check the security cameras - they discover a transformed Gary. No sooner is this discovered that Gary is confronted by a vampire, Zechariah, who offered his knowledge of werewolves and his help to control his newly discovered powers.
In a matter of three weeks, Gary had nearly full control of his beastly form - he debuts as a superhero during a city fire, and is dubbed and hailed as "Wolf-Man" by the media. Zechariah and Gary also set up his new superhero identity, putting together an outfit with Art, and constructing a secret underground base - Gary's superhero career has officially began.
Tension.
Gary quickly rose to prominence among existing superheroes, after he managed to help a group of super heroes called the "Actioneers" fight some form of slime beast (he quickly left, however, because he still felt too new to meet any real heroes). The next night he stayed home and while he was getting intimate with his wife his transformation was triggered but he could not control it, he fled his home, went into town, and he slaughtered Sergeant Superior, one of the heroes he had helped earlier.
Two weeks later we find Gary, looking depressed, sitting inside what appears to be the base that was being built. When Zechariah arrives Gary goes wolf and lunges at him. It's revealed that Zec has not been around for the last two weeks, ever since Gary killed Sergeant Superior. Zec explains everything and tells Gary it was supposed to happen just as severely as it had. Zec reveals that on the first day of every full moon Gary will become a feral werewolf holding only a very little part of his psyche inside that will protect anyone truly close to him. Gary apologizes and explains that he'll start patrolling again soon. When Gary returns home he is a bit unnerving and reinforces to his wife he still loves her and they'll be OK. The next day Gary returns to patrolling where we see the mysterious car in action driven by Zechariah. It manages to fling Gary into the air to catch a villain called Thrill Kill who kidnapped a woman. After Gary chases him across the rooftops, Thrill Kill tries to bargain with him by dropping the girl and forcing Gary to make a choice between defeating him and saving the girl. Gary lunges at him and they both fall off the roof, they battle in midair, and Gary manages to save the girl before they hit the ground. When they land the police try to arrest Gary which the woman defends him against while he exits. When Gary returns, he find the car damaged and Zec being held captive by a group of werewolves who call Gary "Elder Brood". He battles them and they run saying they were not prepared for an "Elder Brood". When Gary regroups with Zec he has many questions that Zec refuses to answer. The next day Gary tells his wife that he was fired and that some of the house keeping and luxuries they have will need to be cutback on. Dunford, Gary's butler, appears and explains that there are men had the door who are basically evicting Gary. Gary apologizes to his wife and says it's all falling apart.
New Home.
After the family moved out of their house they moved into Gary's secret underground base. When his daughter arrived he felt it was time to show her his new self. He wolfed out on her and she was shocked and speechless, Dunford helped her to her room while she was in shock. That night Gary and Zec went out again, just as Gary was acknowledging how quiet it was he got a whiff of trouble and the werewolf group from before attacked him. Gary accidentally killed one because he was so aggressive. He explained to the group but they were only concerned in how powerful he was and could become. They started to tell Gary of all the secrets Zec has been keeping and that Gary is on the wrong side. The lead wolf begins attacking Gary demanding him to reveal Zec's location. Gary is beaten to a pulp and then the lead wolf explains that if Gary knew the truth he would want to kill Zec as well. Zec shows up to protect Gary. He tells him to revert to human form than change back again. Zec and the lead wolf begin to argue, and after awhile it is revealed that Zec was once their friend until his blood lust drove him to killing a young female werewolf. Gary demands to know if the accusation is true and Zec confirms it but tries to give an excuse. The werewolf group begins telling Gary that Zec only trained him to be a bodyguard from them. Gary begins screaming at Zec asking him if he wanted his blood and saying how much he trusted him. Gary snaps and chops off Zec's head with his claws, seemingly killing him. The lead wolf, revealed to be named Jacobson, attempts to take the head as a trophy, but Gary insisted that, because it was his kill, he should dispatch the body. Jacobson commemorates him and says he has made a powerful ally in him. When the werewolf group leaves, Zec returns in a misted form. It turns out the death was ploy and Gary still believes in Zec despite what he's done and doesn't feel Zec has to prove himself. Zec thanks him for their friendship. The pair part agreeing to meet again tomorrow night.
The next night Gary stops Eruptor from killing people at the offices of The New Tribune, later that day Gary and Rebbecca are talking about what are they going to do the next full moon, meanwhile their daughter is still trying to deal with the fact that her dad is a werewolf. That night Zechariah explains why Jacobson called him "Elder Brood." Gary finds out that he was not attacked by not just any werewolf he was attacked by an elder werewolf. Which are the oldest, and most powerful werewolves alive. Zechariah explains that they don't attack just anyone they choose who they attack. Gary then battles Construct and with the aid of Kid Thor she is defeated and sent to jail. Gary and Zechariah agree to try to find the elder who turned him. The next night Chloe walks into a room where her father is locked up so he can't attack his family or anyone. Rebecca tells Chloe that her father will need to do this every mouth but it will get better. Chloe says "Will it ever get better, what if it keeps getting worse?"
One night while Gary and Zechariah were patrolling the city they noticed Capes, Inc. was under attack and he joined in the fight. Wolf-Man and Zechariah were captured. Wolf-Man was the only hero able to break out of his prison, he aided Invincible and Atom Eve in battle. Even with Zechariah's help all four heroes fell. When backup arrived, all the heroes were freed. After the fight Wolf-Man and Zechariah went back to work.
Shorty after, Wolf-Man joined Brit, Invincible, Tech Jacket, and Donald in an effort to stop The Emperor.
The Ultimate Team & Break-Up.
After the family got settled with their new home, Chloe continues with her life. Chloe is at a tennis match against one her rich friends named: Carly. Chloe lost the game to her and goes to congratulate her, but her kindness is met with the disgust for her. Carly doesn't care and is embarrassed just for playing against her. Treating her like she is a different species from her by saying: "Your Kind", all because everyone now knows that her family got kicked out of her house and are poor. Out of anger Chloe strikes down Carly with her tennis racket. Later, the family returns to " Wolf-Man's Lair" and Chloe immediately storms off to her room. Rebbecca goes to talk to her. Rebbecca finds out that Chloe is the laughing stock of her school and is now called the "Homeless girl". Chloe than says "I think I hate him" (Out of anger to her Father ). Gary is upset and leaves for the night. Gary (Now in Werewolf form) is running across a rooftop with Zechariah trying to talk to him. But Gary is just ignoring him and when Zech asks what's wrong, Gary says: "Blowing off some steam". Jumping off the rooftop Gary lands on a car, and totally destroys the front part of it, that appears to being chased by the cops. The man in the car flies through the front wind-shield and Gary catches him before he hits the ground. The man is a scientist and says: Not cops...Never running from the cops. Running from Him." A giant man appears leaping towards the scientist. Gary tries to protect and stay away from him as long as he can. Rebbecca is shown meeting a man named: Nathan, at a restaurant. She says: Nathan--Please. The Last thing in the world I came here to do is talk about Gary". Mecha-Maid is shown to be near the scene of Garys' fight. She tells the rest of the Auctioneer that she has located their target. Mecha-Maid comments on how the Giant man is a human battery. That he absorbed Kinetic energy to get stronger. Using her advanced technology she found a way to turn him off. The scientist returns with a bunch of men and he's ordering them to get him in the car, quickly. Kinetic finally appears at the scene and immediately attacks Gary, shouting: "MURDERER!". Gary punches her off of him and the rest of the Actioneers show up. Gary is trying to explain to them on what happened, but none of them will listen. Kinetic orders everyone back so she can have him, all to herself. Not giving Gary a chance to move she continues beating on him until the rest of the Actioneers start second guessing on what's happening. Than Sergeant Superior shows up. But he has become a vampire. Sergeant Superior gets the rest of the team to stop attacking him and he then escapes. He quickly meets Zechariah. Of course Gary is upset that Zechariah never told Gary that he brought Superior back to life and was somewhat upset he brought him back as a vampire. He tells Zechariah he never wants to see him again and wants him to stay out of his life.
Tragedy.
Gary returns to the base, and Rebecca informs him that his lawyers called with happy news - the embezzlement investigation against Gary has been closed; with him cleared of all charges. The family's assets have now been unfrozen and they can now move back in their home...which Rebecca wants to do so without Gary; explaining she wants to separate for some time. Gary is devastated by this.
Gary leaves the room and talks to Dunford about how he wishes he was never Wolf-Man, and how he thought it would be a good thing to be able to physically do some good after doing so much through charities. He promises Dunford his activities as Wolf-Man will end.
Gary tracks Rebecca down again, and after a short talk - Gary explaining he understands and accepts her request to be away from him for a time, but he will nevertheless try to put all that had happened right and make it up to her, Rebecca then kisses him, accepting his promise and reveals she still hopes things can work out between them.
As Rebecca is attending to her and Chloe's suitcases, Zechariah appears, wanting Rebecca's help in getting Gary to trust him again, so he can help him in his activities. Rebecca, however, is upset over what Gary previously told her and expresses her belief his appearance in Gary's life has been responsible for all the hardships he has suffered. When Zechariah grabs Rebecca's arm to make her listen, Rebecca scratches him across the face when she struggles to get free. Zechariah, momentarily overcome with fury that a human had struck him, back-hands her across the face so hard it breaks Rebecca's neck.
Zechariah begins to panic, guilty over what he did, and tries desperately to revive a fallen Rebecca by piercing her neck with his teeth and feeding on her blood, planning to revive her as a vampire. Gary walks in and charges at him, transforming in a fury and forcing Zechariah to stop - leaving Rebecca to bleed to death on the floor. Zechariah quickly tries to explain that due to feeding on Sergeant Superior's superhuman blood he was overcome with the need to feed and lost track of his senses for only a moment. With Gary not wishing to listen, Zechariah vanishes into mist.
Gary runs to Rebecca's dead body - upon finding her lifeless, Gary, cradling her, screams out in agony...and Chloe walks in, seeing her mother dead and Gary, transformed and now covered in blood, is shocked into silence and starts crying. Gary tries to reach out to his daughter, only for Chloe, collapsing in fear, pleadingly whispers for him not to kill her - Chloe, no doubt believing he killed her. Gary, stricken and knowing he cannot convince her otherwise and his old life is over, walks away. Dunford walks in, shocked by the scene, and Gary asks him to watch over Chloe. Gary then leaves; with a shocked Dunford, sobbing Chloe and dead Rebecca behind him.
Later, the Actioneers are found to have been butchered, torn to pieces and killed by Sergeant Superior - they then begin to rise again, now vampires, in Zechariah's home, and Superior address Zechariah, visibly consumed with grief at his actions with Rebecca, as "master".
Fugitive.
Days following Rebecca's death, it is now public knowledge Gary, now missing, is Wolf-Man - it is believed Gary to have committed the crime, instead of Zechariah, with the idea that Gary could not properly control his powers, snapped and then brutally murdered his wife, and then nearly killed Chloe before running away. Chloe, believing her father had lost his mind and was now out of control, resulting in her mother's death, plots revenge - after coping with attending her mother's funeral (attended beside Dunford, Gary and Rebecca's parents, Singleton and countless other mourners) by destroying all of her pictures of Gary, Chloe secretly hires Damien Darkblood to track down Zechariah, in an effort to be training and conditioned to kill her father, avenging her mother - all the while, not knowing it was in fact Zechariah who murdered her. Dunford, now Chloe's guardian with Rebecca dead and Gary a fugitive, tries his best to comfort and support Chloe through this time - to no effect.
Gary, meanwhile, has gone on the run - on the road with nothing to his name; gradually he makes his way back to Willow Creek Campground; the place where he was attacked and turned into a werewolf. It is here he discovers "The Elder" - the elder brood werewolf that gave him his powers; and, thirsting for revenge, demands to be trained so he can kill Zechariah (thus explaining his journey to Willow Creek). The Elder begins to train Gary to better use his powers. Meanwhile, Gary is still being hunted by Hunter; an immortal government agent.
Gary continues to run from the authorities; and soon other super-heroes, most notably the Guardians of the Globe, give chase. Invincible, at GDA Director Cecil Stedman's request, also tracks down and finds Gary to attack and capture him, though, after working together to beat Giant, a rampaging giant attacking Willow Creek forest, Invincible, after seeing how upset Gary is over Rebecca's death, realized that Gary was not a killer and didn't kill his wife; however the Guardians of the Globe didn't believe him and they fought them both to capture Gary; who, with help from Invincible, he escaped back to the Elder.
Imprisonment.
Gary was finally caught when, even though he was granted partial protection and support from Stedman, who now believed Gary's innocence due to Invincible's actions, he was still unable to overcome his grief for Rebecca and, going alone, visit Rebecca's grave - upon which he breaks down, crying uncontrollably. This lasts until dawn - when his powers are in-active - and Hunter and a team of agents, who were monitoring the site of Rebecca's grave in the hopes Gary would come - confront him at gunpoint. Remembering the martial arts skills he received from the Elder, Gary fights them and tries to escape, but Hunter intercepts and defeats Gary - finishing him by smashing his head against Rebecca's gravestone.
Meanwhile, Dunford finally confronts Chloe about her behaviour - and goes into length about much of a kind and generous man her father is - Chloe, however, doesn't disagree with any of his words, as, by this point, she has come to the belief her actual father is dead, and the identity of Wolf-Man is the "deranged, inhuman beast" he became is what she is angry at and believes killed her mother. Upon hearing of Gary's arrest, Chloe leaves home to continue her training with Zechariah, who provided it so that she can take her revenge on her father. However she still isn't powerful enough to kill him so Zechariah, manipulating her from the beginning and playing along with her belief her father is guilty, has been feeding her his blood; which only gives her temporary powers as, seemingly displaying the regret he has towards what he has done to Gary, he is not willing to turn her into a true vampire, no matter what.
After the long and well-publicized "Hampton Trial", Gary is ultimately found guilty of Rebecca's murder - based entirely on circumstantial evidence (namely that the teeth markings on Rebecca's neck; the wounds that caused her to bleed to death, never matched Gary's in human or wolf form, but the prosecution successfully argued the bite could have occurred in "mid"-transformation, explaining this discrepancy) and Chloe's testimony, though he avoids the death penalty, as Hunter wished he would receive - Gary is sentenced to life in Stronghold Penitentiary, a super-prison, and is taken there alongside Eruptor, Thrill Kill and Construct (who were recently beaten by the Elder when they searched for Gary in the Elder's forest). After Thrill Kill kills a guard protecting Gary, he is beaten by the enraged guards. Later, Gary is brought to see "The Face" - a powerful criminal inside the prison who has de facto control of the entire prison through its corrupt warden and guards. The Face confidently demands Gary's immediate loyalty, explaining he has big plans to strike against the country upon escaping from prison, in revenge for his incarceration, and Gary, because of his prior international business success, would surely have access to such means of travel to a safe location to begin his revenge efforts, potentially making him a valuable asset to his plans. Face incentives Gary to accept, pointing out if he did not, things in prison would get so bad for him he would surely die within days, as by this point Gary is despised by the entire world; who see him as yet another supervillain. Gary flatly refuses, deciding to take his chances with the guards.
Gary's stance changes when Dunford comes to visit - and says Chloe is gone; Dunford explains to an outraged Gary that Chloe left after his conviction and, despite the police investigating and private investigators being hired, no-one can find her. Later, Gary is brought back to Face; faced with the choice of either accepting his offer or face the wrath of the guards again. Gary, a broken man, promises Face to do whatever he wants if he helpds him find his daughter. Delighted, Face has Gary's power draining collar removed, to see his powers in action - this proves a mistake, as, due to the Moon Rage suppressed through Gary's arrest, trial and initial imprisonment, Gary transforms uncontrollably and kills many attacking guards. Later, Gary explains this to Face, who had initially thought Gary had tried to betray and kill him. Face begrudgingly accepts his explanation and relations between them are restored.
Unknown to Face, Gary had secretly brought all of Face's plans to Stedman's attention - who arranged to have Gary's collar modified to Gary could secretly access his abilities. Stedman confirms he is still trying to exonerate Gary and locate Chloe; and the two agree for Gary to go along with Face following his escape to better understand and stop his plans.
Attack on Stronghold.
Finally, Zechariah, Chloe and the vampire Actioneers attack the prison, hoping to kill Gary. Zechariah goes toe to toe with Wolf-Man; the first time since Rebecca died - with Gary screaming that Zechariah killed his wife. Due to Gary's training with the Elder, he can now better fight Zechariah, and the two have a brutal battle, which is soon joined by the Guardians of the Globe, GDA reinforcements and the prison guards on one side, and escaing supervillains, including Face, on the other. Gary badly handicaps Zechaiah by chewing off one of his arms (after sucking it into his mouth while it was in mist form; a trick, among others, that the Elder taught him). Wolf-Man and Zechariah's fight finally goes Gary's way, and he manages to stake Zechariah to the ground with a broken piece of wood; binding him to the earth itself and leaving him to die with the imminent sunrise. Gary ignores Zechariah's claims the Elder has more malicious intentions for him in the future.
Suddenly a voice screams out to them from the distance - a horrified Gary recognises it - it's Chloe; who leaps into the fray and beats down and holds her father at swordpoint, screaming he has to die for killing her mother. Gary, rather than defend himself, tries to explain what really happened with Rebecca, and finally reveals what Zechariah had done. This news shocks Chloe into silence, and Gary, overriding Zechariah's attempts to make Chloe not listen to him, pours his heart out to Chloe, saying he is still her father and still loves her and Rebecca, and would never harm them. Gary goes to hug her, and Chloe embraces him...and then, still not entirely believing him, stabs him through his chest with her sword.
Return to Grace.
Gary calmly takes the sword out of his chest, and tries to give it back to a stunned Chloe; saying he won't fight her, and that if his death will help her, he would offer his life for her to take. Succumbing to his injury, Gary collapses in front of his daughter. After a few moments Chloe, seeing her father apparently dead on the ground, and remembering how much he had tried to make her believe him, finally sees the truth and runs to her father's side; a tearful Chloe apologizes to Gary, saying she thought she had lost both him and her mother, and begs him not to die.
They are both attacked by Thrill Kill and Kursk; Gary, regenerating from his injuries, fights beside Chloe to beat the two, but the Actioneers are still fighting with the prisoners and guards. Gary, following through with his plan to stop Face, parts ways with Chloe - the two now reconciled. Gary, pretending he helped arrange the attack with Mecha-Maid, escapes Stronghold with Face, Eruptor, Construct and a captive Mecha-Maid; who was hurt in the fight.
The fight ends, and Cecil arrested the Actioneers and even found a still living Zec and arrests him. He also takes Chloe with him to keep her safe. Meanwhile Gary and Mecha-Maid are flying with the Face and his people. He asks Gary to use his contacts to go to the next part of his plan. Meanwhile he is being watched by another werewolf.
Conclusion.
Robert Kirkman ended The Astounding Wolf-Man in 2010 with the story arc 'Legacy'. Although Wolf-Man's own series was concluded and all loose ends tied up, Kirkman pointed out that characters from Wolf-Man's universe would still cross over into his other characters' lives as they inhabit the same universe [http://www.comicbookresources.com/?page=article&id=23378] - Wolf-Man himself appeared in the Invincible series several times, notably in a two part storyline (Invincible Universe #8-9) sent as part of an extraction squad consisting of Popper, Mantis, Best Tiger, and Claire Voyant to capture a Brazilian super-criminal known as Redeye. Wolf-Man is momentarily distracted by the presence of Davi, Redeye's ward, and captured. Weakened due to his injuries and lack of moonlight, Wolf-Man seems to confuse Davi with Chloe. Davi aids Wolf-Man's escape as Best Tiger destroys Redeye's prison. As the prisoners and townspeople, left bloodthirsty following Redeye's depowerment, Wolf-Man, still weak, is unable to stop the riot and becomes separated from Davi. Fearing he has again failed to save to save a child, Wolf-Man returns to base unaware that Davi has escaped harm and now possesses Redeye's powers.
Collected editions.
The series is being collected into trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="9847902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847902" title="Chauncey Simpson">
Chauncey Simpson

Chauncey Simpson (December 21, 1901 – April 20, 1970) was the interim head football coach at Missouri from 1943 to 1945 while Don Faurot, the standing head coach, served in the Navy during World War II. He compiled a 12–14–2 record including a 40–27 loss to Texas in the 1946 Cotton Bowl Classic. During that time, he also served as the school's track coach. He himself, was a football player at Missouri. With Faurot's return in 1946 Simpson reverted to his pre-war position as an assistant football coach. He was also the institution's long-time golf coach before retiring in the 1960s. Simpson's record as Missouri's head football coach was 12 wins, 14 losses and 2 ties.

</doc>
<doc id="9847905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847905" title="Charles W. Dullea">
Charles W. Dullea

Charles W. Dullea (May 30, 1889 – 1966) was the Chief of Police in the San Francisco Police Department from 1940 to 1947. 
Dullea attended Franklin Grammar and Lowell High Schools. After service in the Marine Corps, Dullea joined the San Francisco police force in 1914. By 1929, he was Captain of Inspectors under William J. Quinn. He served during Prohibition until after the end of World War II. Dullea was appointed Chief in 1940 by Mayor Angelo Rossi. During the war years, he presided over a police force diminished by conscription and organized auxiliary citizens to assist his depleted ranks.
Upon retirement from SFPD Dullea was appointed to the State Adult Authority by his good friend, Earl Warren who was then governor of California. In 1955, Dullea left the Adult Authority and became an executive with the Walkup Merchant Drayage firm. He was vice-president at the time of his death.
He was married and Charles and Winifred had three sons, the Reverend Charles W. Dullea Jr, at one time president of the University of San Francisco, Reverend John S. Dullea of San Jose and attorney Edward D. Dullea.
Dullea died of a brain hemorrhage in 1966 en route to the South End Rowing Club for his daily handball workout. A mass at Saint Ignatius Church was held followed by interment at Holy Cross Cemetery, Colma, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9847907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847907" title="Kapatid (band)">
Kapatid (band)

Kapatid was a Filipino rock supergroup fronted by Karl Roy, the brother of Kevin Roy of Razorback. He was also the vocalist of bands Advent Call and P.O.T.
The band was originally composed of Nathan Azarcon (of Rivermaya, Bamboo and Hijo) on bass, J-Hoon Balbuena (of Kjwan) on drums, Ira Cruz (of Passage, Bamboo and Hijo) on rhythm guitar and the late Chico Molina on lead guitar. The band was managed by Pam Lunar. They went on to release their first self-titled LP with hit songs "Prayer", "Pagbabalik ng Kwago", and "Visions" among others, in 2003.
Recent career.
Joined by Karl Roy was veteran musician and bassist Philippe Arriola (of The Weed), guitarist Anjones Elemos, and drummer Paolo Rosal (of Queso, formerly Cheese). Together they recorded their second album "Luha", with carrier songs "Doon", "Psycho Love", and "Sunday Shining" (included in the "Pinoy Blonde" soundtrack), released in February 2006 and distributed by Sony Records.
Death of Karl Roy.
On March 13, 2012, Roy, the band's lead vocalist, died due to cardiac arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="9847916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847916" title="Hermann Brück">
Hermann Brück

Hermann Alexander Brück (15 August 1905 in Berlin, Germany – 4 March 2000 in Edinburgh, Scotland) was a German-born astronomer who spent the great portion of his career in the United Kingdom.
Education.
Hermann Brück's father was Hermann Heinrich and his mother, Margaret. Hermann junior was educated at the Kaiserin Augusta Gymnasium in Berlin-Charlottenburg, a school specialising in the Classics (Latin and Greek), where he also had excellent teachers in mathematics and physics. Brück, from 1924 to 1928, was educated at the University of Kiel, the University of Bonn, and the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich. His doctoral work on the wave mechanics of crystals was under the supervision of Arnold Sommerfeld. His interest in astronomy was gained early in life, and he turned his attention to astronomical spectroscopy. He was granted his Ph.D. at Munich in 1928.
Career.
Upon graduation from Munich, Brück followed his friend Albrecht Unsöld to the Potsdam Astrophysical Observatory; Unsöld had earned his doctorate the year before, also under Sommerfeld. While there, he participated in the physics colloquium at the Humboldt University of Berlin with the physicists Max von Laue and Albert Einstein and the astronomer Walter Grotrian. With growing difficulties under National Socialism, Brück left Germany in 1936 to take a temporary research assistantship at the Vatican Observatory. In 1937 he moved to the University of Cambridge to join the circle of the modern astrophysicists around Arthur Eddington. In time, Brück became Assistant Director of the Observatories and John Couch Adams Astronomer, specializing in solar spectroscopy. Under his tenure, he taught a course in classical astronomy and started the student astronomical society, which fostered the careers of many astronomers.
In 1947, at the invitation of Éamon de Valera, Brück moved to Dublin to direct the Dunsink Observatory, which was part of the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies, where he associated with Erwin Schrödinger. In 1950, the Observatory, along with the Royal Irish Academy, hosted the first meeting of the Royal Astronomical Society. In 1955, the International Astronomical Union held their triennial Assembly in Dublin. At this gathering, the Observatory demonstrated photoelectric equipment for photometry, which had been developed by M. J. Smyth, who had been Brück’s student in Cambridge. Also displayed was the UV solar spectroscopy which extended the Utrecht Atlas and formed part of the revised Rowland tables of the Solar spectrum; Brück’s wife, Dr. Mary Brück (née Conway), was a leading figure in this work.
In 1957, Brück moved to the University of Edinburgh. With his vision and drive, he transformed the Royal Observatory into an internationally-ranked center of research. He put together a team of astronomers and engineers headed initially by P. B. Fellgett and later by V. C. Reddish. This team created the automated instrumentation for scanning stellar and intergalactic images. This technology enabled spectra to be reduced in minutes rather than months, which gave astronomers time to focus on other activities. The team also advanced the technology for the remote operation of telescopes. In addition to his scientific duties, he expanded the teaching of astronomy with a new honors degree in Astrophysics, which started in 1967. On arrival at Edinburgh, he started the student astronomical society and gave it access to the Observatory. For a period, Brück served as Dean of the Faculty of Science.
Brück retired in 1975. At this time, his wife and colleague, Mary, initiated an historical study of nineteenth century astronomy, which resulted in the publication of a book on Charles Piazzi Smyth, one of Brück’s predecessors. Their work also resulted in a book on the history of Edinburgh Astronomy, and a paper in "Vistas in Astronomy" on Lord Crawford’s Observatory in Dunecht, which was the parent to the nineteenth century rebirth of the Royal Observatory in Edinburgh.
Throughout his career, Brück served as a member and councilor of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9847946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9847946" title="A Hard Day's Night (Grey's Anatomy)">
A Hard Day's Night (Grey's Anatomy)

"A Hard Day's Night" is the pilot episode of the American television medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", which first aired on March 27, 2005 on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC). The episode introduces main characters and surgical interns Meredith Grey, Cristina Yang, Izzie Stevens, Alex Karev and George O'Malley. Other main cast members include Derek Shepherd, Miranda Bailey, Richard Webber and Preston Burke. These five interns become faced with what their future holds as they enter the realm of surgery at Seattle Grace Hospital.
The episode was watched by an American audience of 16.25 million, and received positive reviews from television critics.
Plot.
The first 48-hour shift for the surgical residents is chronicled, in which Meredith (Ellen Pompeo) meets surgeon Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) after a one-night stand the night before, only to discover he's her boss. All the interns are introduced to their resident in charge, Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson), nicknamed "The Nazi" for her controlling personality and ability to terrify interns. They are also introduced to the Chief of Surgery Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr.) and the head of cardiothoracic surgery Preston Burke (Isaiah Washington), who catches the eye of Cristina (Sandra Oh). Meredith has trouble with her first case; a teenage girl who's having seizures. George (T.R. Knight) earns the nickname "007" after all of his very first patients are pronounced dead. Izzie (Katherine Heigl) dislikes Meredith as she thinks she's trying to "get ahead" by sleeping with an attending surgeon; it is revealed Izzie had a past career in modeling and that is how she put herself through medical school, and she is teased by Alex (Justin Chambers).
Meredith is the daughter of acclaimed surgeon Ellis Grey (Kate Burton), who evidently had an affair with Richard years prior while married to Meredith's father, Thatcher. It is revealed Ellis is now battling Alzheimer's disease and Richard is a frequent visitor of hers.
Production.
The voice-over starting the episode did not originally appear in the episode; Rhimes said: "In the editing room, it felt like a piece was missing, so we added it."
Reception.
ReviewStream.com gave positive reviews regarding the pilot episode, due to the undeniable chemistry between Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey from the series' first scene. Regarding Miranda Bailey's appearance in the pilot, ReviewStream.com stated "She's such a small woman but wait until she speaks". HomeTheaterInfo.com, however, had a mixed perspectives on the pilot, noting that the storylines were similar to fellow ABC series "Desperate Housewives", but also "brilliantly written, extremely well acted and directed to near perfection". "New York Daily News" named "Grey's Anatomy" a "winner" in response to its first season, whereas Newsday expressed a positive opinion by stating "You simply can't stop watching."

</doc>
<doc id="9848000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848000" title="Stevensburg, Virginia">
Stevensburg, Virginia

Stevensburg is a small rural unincorporated community located at the intersection of Route 3 and Route 663 in Culpeper County, Virginia, United States. Stevensburg is about 6.9 miles east of Culpeper. Stevensburg's ZIP code is 22741. The post office is headquartered in a building approximately 10 by 15 feet, thereby making it one of the smallest post offices in America.
History.
In about 1742, Salubria, a large brick Georgian manor house, was built about one half mile southeast of the village now known as Stevensburg. Salubria was the birthplace of Admiral Cary Travers Grayson, personal physician to President Woodrow Wilson. In October 2000, Salubria was donated by the Grayson family to the Germanna Foundation for historic preservation.
Stevensburg was originally called York by the Quakers that lived in the area. During this time period, travelers often camped in the small ravines in the area, known as "bottoms." One ravine, ½ mile east of the village on the south side of present-day Route 3, gained considerable notoriety for "lewd behavior" (according to the Quakers), and came to be known as "Wicked Bottom."
During the winter of 1863 through 1864, Hansbrough's Ridge, a ridge about one mile east of the village, hosted the Union Army winter encampment.

</doc>
<doc id="9848006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848006" title="William H. Calbreath">
William H. Calbreath

William H. Calbreath (July 29, 1850–May 26, 1944, age 93) claimed to have been the model for the Cream of Wheat trademark, one of the most enduring images in the history of American advertising.
Early years.
Calbreath was born in Detroit, Michigan, to a former slave who had been freed about 15 years before the outbreak of the Civil War. Several years after the war, he took a position as a cook at a Detroit restaurant. From there, he served as a chef at Put-in-Bay, Mackinac Island, the Detroit's Star Island clubhouse. His skills as a chef also earned him a stint at New York City's famed Delmonico's.
Contested claim.
Calbreath claimed that he served as the model for the original "Cream of Wheat" trademark, which was used by the company from the early 1900s to about 1925. At that point, the original trademark was modified. Calbreath's claim has never been officially confirmed, though it has been widely reported in newspapers in northeastern Ohio, where he settled later in life.
Later years.
Calbreath spent his last years in Struthers, Ohio, a town located near the industrial center of Youngstown. Until his retirement, he was employed as a coal dealer. Calbreath died at the age of 93, surviving his wife, Addie, and a daughter, Mrs. B. Graves, of Detroit.

</doc>
<doc id="9848024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848024" title="Le Funk">
Le Funk

Le Funk is the second EP by the Louisville-based band VHS or Beta. Originally released in 2002 by ON! Records, it was reissued in 2005 by Astralwerks with three bonus remixes and is now widely considered to be their first album.
Track listing.
All songs written by VHS or Beta
bonus tracks from the 2005 reissue:

</doc>
<doc id="9848026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848026" title="W. J. Monilaw">
W. J. Monilaw

William James Monilaw (July 22, 1874 - July 20, 1960) was a head football coach at Drake University, and at the University of Missouri. Every year he coached, his teams posted a winning record.
Coaching career.
Drake.
Monilaw got his first coaching job as the seventh head coach for his alma mater, the Drake University Dragons located in Des Moines, Iowa for two seasons, from 1903 until 1904.
His coaching record at Drake was 10 wins, 7 losses, and 0 ties. This ranks him 11th at Drake in terms of total wins and fourth at Drake in terms of winning percentage.
Missouri.
From 1906 to 1908, he coached at the University of Missouri Tigers in Columbia, Missouri where he compiled an 18-6-1 record. Monilaw was the 12th head coach for Mizzou and is ranked eighth at Missouri in total wins and sixth at Missouri in winning percentage.
Personal life.
Molina attended Cedar Rapids High School in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and was later accepted into Drake University.

</doc>
<doc id="9848033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848033" title="Stuart Kelly">
Stuart Kelly

Stuart Kelly (born 4 February 1976 in Taroom, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league player. He played for the Gold Coast Seagulls, Parramatta Eels and the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian first grade premiership competition. His position of choice was usually at centre or wing.
Having won the 2000 NRL Premiership, the Broncos travelled to England to play against 2000's Super League V Champions, St Helens RLFC for the 2001 World Club Challenge, with Kelly playing at centre in Brisbane's loss.

</doc>
<doc id="9848049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848049" title="Beirut Stock Exchange">
Beirut Stock Exchange

The Beirut Stock Exchange (or BSE) is the principal stock exchange of Lebanon. Located in Beirut, it is a public institution run by a committee including a Chairman, a Vice-Chairman and eight members appointed via a decree issued by the Council of Ministers, in accordance with a proposal by the Minister of Finance. All BSE members are Lebanese Joint stock companies (SAL) with a capital above 500,000 Lebanese Pounds and registered at the secretariat of the Commercial Register in. Members include holding companies and offshore companies. The BSE authorizes Brokerage firms the operation and trade in securities listed on the BSE according to the Bourse trading system and also lists the issuing companies (called "Listed companies") that have any of their stocks or other financial instruments listed.
History.
Beirut Stock Exchange, the second oldest market in the region, was established in 1920 by a decree of the French commissioner. Trading at that time was concentrated on gold and currency transactions, however in the 1930s there was an inflow of French, Syrian and local Lebanese investment which made it possible for the BSE to flourish, especially with the establishment of mixed Lebanese-French joint stock companies that were quoted simultaneously on the Paris and Beirut Stock Exchanges. The activity in the 1950s and 1960s increased with the enlisting of various banking, industrial and services companies along with an amount of 50 listed bonds.
During the Lebanese Civil War trading activity halted in 1983. After 11 years a new administrating committee (in collaboration with the "Bourse de Paris") re-launched the BSE with a new internal bylaw, re-structured and streamlined mechanisms and trading systems. A new automated brokers system was introduced, based on the fixing price instead of the traditional OTC voice brokers. On November 22, 1996, the BSE officially re-launched the trading activity in its hall. The BSE and "Bourse de Paris" signed a cooperation agreement in June 1999 and the new European NSC-UNIX–Euronext system was set. In 2000, new forms of securities were listed such as GDR (Global Depository Receipt), investment funds shares, preferred stocks, priority shares and any other tradable derivatives. In late 2006, the BSE launched a new Remote Trading System, allowing the brokers to trade with the securities listed on the BSE "remotely" from their own offices.
In 2008, Arab Finance Corporation sal (AFC) launched the AFC BeirutTrader™, the first (and until now sole) Direct Market Access trading platform for the Beirut Stock Exchange.
Hours.
The exchange has pre-trading sessions from 09:00am to 09:30am and normal trading sessions from 09:30am to 12.30pm on all days of the week except Saturdays, Sundays and holidays declared by the Exchange in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="9848055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848055" title="Patterned ground">
Patterned ground

Patterned ground is the distinct, and often symmetrical geometric shapes formed by ground material in periglacial regions. Typically found in remote regions of the Arctic, Antarctica, and the Australian outback, but also found anywhere that freezing and thawing of soil alternate; patterned ground has also been observed on Mars. The geometric shapes and patterns associated with patterned ground are often mistaken as artistic human creations. The nature of patterned ground had long puzzled scientists but the introduction of computer-generated geological models in the past 20 years has allowed scientists to relate the formation of these features to phenomena associated with frost heaving, which refers to expansion that occurs when wet, fine-grained, and porous soils freeze.
Types of patterned ground.
Patterned ground can be found in a variety of forms. Typically, the type of patterned ground in a given area is related to the prevalence of larger stones in local soils and the frequency of freeze-thaw cycles.
Polygons.
Polygons can form either in permafrost areas or in areas that are affected by seasonal frost. The rocks that make up these raised stone rings typically decrease in size with depth. In the northern reaches of the Canadian Boreal forests, when bogs reach a eutrophic climax and create a sedge mat, Tamarack Larch and Black Spruce are often the early colonists within such a polygonal climax sedge mat.
Circles.
Circles range in size from a few centimeters to several meters in diameter. Circles can consist of both sorted and unsorted material, and generally occur with fine sediments in the center surrounded by a circle of larger stones. Unsorted circles are similar, but rather than being surrounded by a circle of larger stones, they are bounded by a circular margin of vegetation.
Steps.
Steps can be developed from circles and polygons. This form of patterned ground is generally a terrace-like feature that has a border of either larger stones or vegetation on the downslope side, and can consist of either sorted or unsorted material.
Stripes.
"Stripes" are lines of stones, vegetation, and/or soil that typically form from transitioning steps on slopes at angles between 2° and 7°. Stripes can consist of either sorted or unsorted material. Sorted stripes are lines of larger stones separated by areas of smaller stones, fine sediment, or vegetation. Unsorted stripes typically consist of lines of vegetation or soil that are separated by bare ground.
Formation of patterned ground.
In periglacial areas and areas affected by seasonal frost, repeated freezing and thawing of groundwater forces larger stones toward the surface as smaller soils flow and settle underneath larger stones (see "Cryoturbation"). At the surface, areas that are rich in larger stones contain much less water than highly porous areas of finer grained sediments. These water saturated areas of finer sediments have a much greater ability to expand and contract as freezing and thawing occur, leading to lateral forces which ultimately pile larger stones into clusters and stripes. Through time, repeated freeze-thaw cycles smooth out irregularities and odd-shaped piles to form the common polygons, circular, and stripes of patterned ground. 
Patterned ground occurs in alpine areas with permafrost. For example on Mount Kenya permafrost is a few centimetres (inches) below the surface in places. Patterned ground is present at to the west of Mugi Hill. These mounds grow because of the repeated freezing and thawing of the ground drawing in more water. There are blockfields present around where the ground has cracked to form hexagons. Solifluction occurs when the night temperatures freeze the soil before it thaws again in the morning. This daily expansion and contraction of the soil prevents the establishment of vegetation.
Frost also sorts the sediments in the ground. Once the mantle has been weathered, finer particles tend to migrate away from the freezing front, and larger particles migrate through the action of gravity. 
Patterned ground forms mostly within the active layer of permafrost.

</doc>
<doc id="9848057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848057" title="List of Ancient Greek poets">
List of Ancient Greek poets

This Assortment of Ancient Greek poets covers poets writing in the Ancient Greek language, regardless of location or nationality of the poet. For a list of modern-day Greek poets, see List of Greek poets.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9848060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848060" title="Johann Baptist Straub">
Johann Baptist Straub

Johann Baptist Straub (1 June 1704 (baptism) – 15 July 1784) was a German Rococo sculptor.
Biography.
Straub was born in Wiesensteig, into a family of sculptors. His father Johann George Straub and his brothers Philipp Jakob, Joseph, and Johann Georg Straub were also sculptors, as was his nephew Franz Xaver Messerschmidt. J. B. Straub studied in Munich with the court sculptor Gabriel Luidl and then went to Vienna, where he worked from 1726 to 1734.
In 1734 Straub returned to Munich. In 1737 he was appointed by Elector Karl Albrecht from Bavaria as the court sculptor. In the same year Straub married a daughter of the court engraver, Franz Xaver Späth.
Straub worked primarily in Upper Bavarian churches and monasteries, frequently alongside some of the greatest Baroque artists of the day: the architect Johann Michael Fischer, the painter Johann Baptist Zimmermann, the Asam Brothers, the Tyrolian painter Johann Jacob Zeiller, and the stuccoists Franz Xaver and Johann Michael Feuchtmayer, among others. Usually Straub's figures are carved in simple white, with very little gold trim.
Important works by Straub are in the Residenz in Munich as well as in Schloss Nymphenburg. His best-known church works are the altars of the monastic churches of Andechs and Schäftlarn as well as St. Michael's Church in Berg am Laim, a borough of Munich.
Straub died in Munich, where his workshop was the most important of its day. The most famous artist to study there was Ignaz Günther.

</doc>
<doc id="9848076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848076" title="Roger Maddux">
Roger Maddux

Roger Maddux (born 1948) is an American mathematician specializing in algebraic logic.
He completed his B.A. at Pomona College in 1969, and his Ph.D. in mathematics at the University of California in 1978, where he was one of Alfred Tarski's last students. His career has been at Iowa State University, where he fills a joint appointment in computer science and mathematics.
Maddux is primarily known for his work in relation algebras and cylindric algebras, and as the inventor of relational bases.
His Erdős number is 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9848099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848099" title="Paul Joyal">
Paul Joyal

Paul M. Joyal (born 1954) is an American security analyst and media commentator who frequently comments on political and security matters concerning Russia and former Soviet countries. A critic of the administration of Russian president Vladimir Putin, in late February 2007 Joyal told "Dateline NBC" that the murder of former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko served as a warning to all critics of the Putin government.
A few days later, on March 1, Joyal was shot and wounded outside his home in Adelphi, Maryland. The "Washington Post" reports that the attack is under investigation by the FBI. Earlier that evening, Joyal had dined with former KGB general Oleg Kalugin; Kalugin (whom the Russian Government accused of being a US agent) later told the "Washington Post" that he was not sure whether the attack was politically motivated.
Joyal holds a master's degree in international relations from The Catholic University of America He was a staff member for the U.S. United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
In 1991 Joyal founded a security consulting company, Intercon International USA Inc., which published a weekly newsletter about security affairs in the former Soviet bloc. He later became a vice president at, and currently serves as managing director at National Strategies Inc.
He has been cited as an expert source by many news outlets, including "Time Magazine" and PBS "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer". His published works include the book "Fifteen Years of Espionage" (ISBN 0935067140) and "Singling out Arab-Americans," the January 21, 1991, editorial in the "Washington Post" 
He has close ties with the government of the Republic of Georgia: in 1998 he acted as the country's first lobbyist to the U.S. Government, and he is listed as the contact for the 501(c)(3) charitable organization founded by former Georgian president Eduard Shevardnadze. In 2005 he spoke at the Georgian Embassy in Washington, DC, at the memorial service for Zurab Zhvania, the former speaker of the Georgian Parliament.
In Nov. 2012, over five years after the shooting, his attackers had not been found.

</doc>
<doc id="9848101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848101" title="Ras-GRF1">
Ras-GRF1

Ras-GRF1 is a guanine nucleotide exchange factor. Its function is to release guanosine diphosphate, GDP, from the signaling protein RAS, thus increasing the activity of RAS by allowing it to bind to guanosine triphosphate, GTP, returning it to its active state. In this way, Ras-GRF1 has a key role in regulating the RAS signaling pathway. Ras-GRF1 knockout mice have been shown to have learning and memory deficits associated with dysregulation of this pathway. Ras-GRF1 has also been shown to be upstream from IGF1, allowing it to control growth in mice. Although it is sometimes known as CDC25, it should not be confused with Cdc25. Ras-GRF1 is a paternally expressed imprinted gene, meaning that only the paternal allele of the gene is translated into protein. Disruption of this epigenetic imprinting also produces learning and memory deficits in neonatal mice.

</doc>
<doc id="9848119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848119" title="Lõputu päev">
Lõputu päev

Lõputu päev (""Endless day"") is the debut album by Estonian rock band Terminaator released in 1994. It is only released on cassette and is by now very rare and wanted by fans. Jaagup Kreem has said, that the title symbolizes immortality.

</doc>
<doc id="9848141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848141" title="Nasau Park">
Nasau Park

Nasau Park is an all-purpose grassy area, sports field and parade ground located in the town of Levuka on the island of Ovalau in Fiji. It is the home ground of the Levuka F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="9848174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848174" title="Mile Oak Rovers &amp; Youth F.C.">
Mile Oak Rovers &amp; Youth F.C.

Mile Oak Rovers & Youth F.C. was a football club based in South Tamworth, Staffordshire, England. The club was established in 1958 and folded in 2010.
History.
The club was formed in 1958 and run from the Mile Oak hotel. The club played at various grounds until 1967, when it moved to Price Avenue. Mile Oak Rovers played in various leagues and reached the Southern Football League in the early eighties. This proved to be a disastrous move and the club decided to return to the Midland Football Combination.
In 1993–94 they dropped to the Birmingham AFA due to severe financial pressures upon both the club and the team. The club returned to the Midland Football Combination for the 1998–99 season. The club did well but a lack of backroom staff forced the Rovers to fold at the end of the 2001–02 season. The club restarted in the 2003–04 season in the Midland Football Combination but folded again in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9848178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848178" title="South Lake Union Streetcar">
South Lake Union Streetcar

The Seattle Streetcar—South Lake Union Line is a streetcar line, covering a total route, connecting the South Lake Union neighborhood to Downtown Seattle, Washington. Service began on December 12, 2007. Currently it is the only operational line of the developing Seattle Streetcar Network.
History.
The Seattle Electric Railway and Power Company laid streetcar tracks on Westlake Avenue, along which the present service primarily runs, in 1890. In April 1941, the Seattle Municipal Street Railway converted its last two streetcar routes - 19 Eighth Avenue Northwest and 21 Phinney Avenue - to buses (now numbered 28 and 5, respectively); both used Westlake Avenue to reach the Fremont Bridge from downtown.
Restoration of rail service on Westlake Avenue was originally envisioned by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen to help improve the South Lake Union neighborhood, in which his venture capital company, Vulcan Inc., is heavily invested. Allen's main supporter from the beginning was Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels, but he was not universally supported by the Seattle City Council, which was concerned about the lack of public support for the line and questioned if it should be moved ahead of Seattle's other transportation needs.
After heavy lobbying by South Lake Union businesses, including Vulcan, the Seattle City Council approved the development of the neighborhood into a biotechnology and bio-medical research center. Included in that plan was funding to investigate a , US$45 million streetcar line. The line was approved in 2005 at a cost of $50.5 million, with $25 million paid by property owners along the streetcar's route and the remainder paid by federal, state, and local funds. The final cost was $56.4 million; additional costs were mostly utility work needed after the line opened.
The majority of property owners along the alignment supported the project, despite being asked to pay increased taxes to fund its construction. Only 12 of 750 affected property owners formally objected to the proposed "Local Improvement District" tax. The project was modeled after the Portland Streetcar, a similar modern-streetcar system that had opened in Portland, Oregon, in 2001. Construction began in July 2006.
Some local residents and business owners opposed to the streetcar claimed that it was originally called the "South Lake Union Trolley", which abbreviates to S.L.U.T. While there is no evidence that this name was ever used as an official name, the acronym's popularity has caused it to become an unofficial one.
Service was inaugurated on December 12, 2007, and all rides were free until the end of the month. Streetcars run every fifteen minutes, seven days a week. The line uses three 2007-built Inekon 12-Trio three-section articulated streetcars: one red, one orange and one purple, internally numbered 301, 302 and 303, respectively. There were minor collisions with motor vehicles and several service stoppages when the Seattle Streetcar first began service.
In 2009, election candidates in local Seattle politics, including almost all for city council and both candidates for mayor, said the streetcar was a bad idea. The City Council President, Richard Conlin, was an exception, and wants to expand the line through Fremont to Ballard and use stronger traffic signal preemption (as is used with Central Link) to allow the streetcar to move quickly through traffic.
Operation.
The system is owned by the City of Seattle, but currently is operated by King County Metro (Metro Transit) under a contract with the city government. King County Metro Transit contributes 75% of the operating costs, net of farebox revenue. Seattle Department of Transportation (SDOT) pays the remaining 25%. The city retains sponsorship revenue and Federal Transit Administration funds.
During its inaugural period, December 12, 2007 to December 31, the streetcar was free to ride. The fare was then increased to US$1.50, was later increased to $1.75, and is $2.50 per trip as of December 2011. The streetcar was again free to ride in the latter half of December 2008.
In May 2011, increasing ridership led the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Group Health Cooperative, UW Medicine and Amazon.com to underwrite a third streetcar to operate during peak commuting hours, reducing headways from 15 minutes to 10.
Ridership.
Streetcar ridership started off slowly and has consistently risen as the redevelopment in South Lake Union has progressed. After an initial free ride period in December 2007, the city predicted 950 riders per day, 7.5% of the system's capacity of about 12,600 per day., which was met within the first year of operation. During the summer months, good weather and tourism boost streetcar usage. Ridership increased substantially as Amazon.com moved into its new campus beginning in 2010. In June 2011, the streetcar recorded its highest-ever ridership level of 2,812 riders per weekday.
Ridership statistics are provided in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="9848225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848225" title="Lake Pleasant, Massachusetts">
Lake Pleasant, Massachusetts

Lake Pleasant is a village in Montague, Massachusetts, United States, and the site of an early and prominent American Spiritualist campground. It claims to be the oldest continuously-existing Spiritualist community in the United States.
Lake Pleasant was founded in 1870 as a "campmeeting grounds" with 75 tent lots, and by 1872 was popular with Spiritualists for summer tenting. In 1874 the New England Spiritualist Campmeeting Association (NESCA) was organized by Henry Buddington and Joseph Beals, and in 1879 formally incorporated. The village rapidly expanded to 90 small cottages, and around the lake were divided into many more camping lots. At its peak, circa 1900, Lake Pleasant contained 196 homes and cottages, swelling in August to as many as 2,000 residents. Lake Pleasant was one of a couple dozen Spiritualist camp meetings in the Northeast during this time, including Onset Bay, Grove in Wareham, Massachusetts, Queen City Park in Burlington, Vermont, and Lily Dale, outside Jamestown, New York.
Emma Hardinge Britten, one of the many invited speakers at Lake Pleasant, painted this portrait of the community in 1880:
Lake Pleasant's decline began in 1907 with a fire that destroyed 130 homes, and its fate was sealed when the lake itself became a public water supply off limits to recreation. As property values fell, many buildings were acquired by the water department for demolition. From 1913 to 1976, Lake Pleasant was home to two competing Spiritualist organizations, each with its own temple and followers, namely the original NESCA, affiliated with the National Spiritualist Association of Churches, and the National Spiritual Alliance (TNSA) established in 1913. The two groups differed on questions of reincarnation. The NECSA temple burned down in 1955, and NECSA itself disbanded in 1976.
Today Lake Pleasant still shows strong traces of its origins, with a dense pattern of Victorian cottages on small camping lots. TNSA with its Thompson Temple continues as an active organization.

</doc>
<doc id="9848231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848231" title="George Sanford">
George Sanford

George Sanford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848246" title="Jim Young (American football coach)">
Jim Young (American football coach)

Jim Young (born April 21, 1935) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Arizona (1973–1976), Purdue University (1977–1981), and the United States Military Academy (1983–1990), compiling a career college football record of 120–71–2. Young was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1999.
In addition to achieving a bowl game record of 5-1 (.833); Young was the interim coach for the Michigan Wolverines during the 1970 Rose Bowl, as Bo Schembechler was hospitalized following a mild heart attack.
Purdue (1977-81).
In December 1976, Purdue University hired a 41-year old, Young away from Arizona. When Young arrived at Purdue, he named true freshman, Mark Herrmann as the team's starting quarterback, and the freshman lived up to expectations, throwing for 2,041 yards through the team's first eight games. Herrmann would break the NCAA record for passing yards (2,453) and passing touchdowns (18) for freshman. In 1978, Young would lead Purdue to a 9-2-1 record, and a victory over Georgia Tech in the 1978 Peach Bowl. Young was named the Big Ten's Coach of the Year, the first Boilermaker head coach to ever win the award. Throughout his career, Herrmann would break the Big Ten's all-time career passing yards (6,734) and passing touchdowns (48) before his senior season. After a disappointing 1981 season, Young resigned from his position as head coach at Purdue, citing his desire to concentrate on athletic administration. 

</doc>
<doc id="9848259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848259" title="Jessica Robinson">
Jessica Robinson

Jessica Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848261" title="John McLean (athlete)">
John McLean (athlete)

John Frederick McLean (January 10, 1878 – June 4, 1955) was an All-American college football player, track and field athlete, and coach. He won a silver medal in the 110 metre hurdles at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris with a time of 15.5 seconds. He was also selected as an All-American football player in 1899 while playing for the University of Michigan. He went on to coach the Knox College and University of Missouri football teams in the 1900s. He was dismissed from his coaching position at Missouri in January 1906 after being accused of paying money to a player.
Athlete at Michigan.
McLean's hometown was Menominee, Michigan, a lumber town located in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. He enrolled in the University of Michigan where he became a star athlete in American football, track and field, and baseball. He played as a substitute on Michigan's 1897 football team and played left halfback for the 1898 and 1899 teams. McLean was also a member of Michigan's track and baseball teams. In May 1899, McLean set the University of Michigan school record in the 120-yard hurdles with a time of 16-1/5 seconds. On the same day, he also broke a western intercollegiate record in the running broad jump by clearing 23 feet.
In 1898, McLean played on Michigan's first Western Conference (as the Big Ten Conference was then known) championship football team. The Wolverines won the championship with a 12–11 victory over Chicago—a game that inspired Louis Elbel to write the University of Michigan's fight song, "The Victors." McLean contributed to the win over Chicago with a kick return to the 50-yard line and a second kick return for 35 yards.
In November 1899, McLean led the Wolverines in a game against eastern football power, the University of Pennsylvania at Franklin Field in Philadelphia. The Wolverines lost the game 11–10, but McLean's play at left halfback drew praise in newspaper accounts carried across the country. McLean made several long runs, principally on end runs. Michigan scored its first touchdown "wholly on a series of runs by McLean, around Pennsylvania's left end." The score came on a 22-yard end run that "set the Michigan rooters fairly wild." "The New York Times" reported that even the Penn fans showed their appreciation for McLean -- "his brilliant sprinting around Pennsylvania's ends often brought applause from the followers of the Quakers."
McLean's final game for Michigan was a November 1899 match against the University of Wisconsin played in front of 17,000 fans in Chicago. Newspaper accounts reported that Michigan's "crack halfback" McLean "made one of his end runs" with ten minutes to play—a forty-yard run for a touchdown. Another newspaper described McLean's final touchdown as follows: "the premier halfback, receiving the ball on the forty-yard line, bounded past the Badgers' left end, and at a high speed struck out for the goal line."
After the season ended, McLean received acknowledgement with his selection as a first-team All-American, including All-American selections by "The Philadelphia Inquirer" and "The Fort Wayne News."
Olympic athlete.
McLean competed for the United States in track and field events at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris. He won the silver medal in the 110 metre hurdles with a time of 15.5 seconds. Alvin Kraenzlein took gold with a time of 15.4 seconds.
McLean also took sixth place in the long jump with a distance of 6.655 metres, not making it into the top five who qualified for the final, as well as the triple jump, in which he did not place in the top six, and the standing triple jump, in which he did not make the top four.
Coaching career.
Knox College.
In 1901, McLean became the head football coach at Knox College, a private liberal arts college located in Galesburg, Illinois. He compiled a 15–5–3 record as football coach at Knox from 1901 to 1902. McLean turned Knox into an elite football program in 1902, leading to speculation that he was recruiting ringers. McLean denied the allegation, insisting that every man on the team was "a bona fide student of the college." McLean won fame "by coaching little Knox college into a high place in western football."
University of Missouri.
In 1903, McLean was hired as the head football coach at the University of Missouri. He coached the Missouri Tigers for three years (1903–1905) and compiled an overall record of 9–17–1. In 1906, McLean became involved in a scandal that resulted in his dismissal as Missouri's head coach. Evidence was presented that Akerson, the star fullback on Missouri's 1904 team, was a professional who had been "hired" to serve on the team. Akerson had previously played at Knox and went on to become "one of the best individual players who was ever a member of a Tiger team." McLean paid Akerson $250 out of his own pocket, and several alumni from Kansas City were to have shared the expense. However, the others "welched," and when McLean wrote to them requesting that they pay their share, they turned over the correspondence to the university's athletic director. The news created "a real sensation" that resulted in McLean's being "dismissed in disgrace." A Nebraska newspaper called it "the biggest scandal in the history of Missouri athletics," and some even called for the abolition of football at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="9848270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848270" title="Phillip Lee (rugby league)">
Phillip Lee (rugby league)

Phillip Lee (born 12 February 1977 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. He played for the South Queensland Crushers and the Brisbane Broncos, usually in the forwards. 
Playing at hooker, Lee scored a try for the Broncos in their victory at the 1998 NRL Grand Final over the Canterbury Bulldogs.
Brisbane won the 2000 NRL Grand Final but Lee did not play. However he did travel to England with the Broncos for the 2001 World Club Challenge, playing at lock forward in the loss to St Helens RLFC.

</doc>
<doc id="9848279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848279" title="Strain insulator">
Strain insulator

A strain insulator is an electrical insulator that is designed to work in mechanical tension (strain), to withstand the pull of a suspended electrical wire or cable. They are used in overhead electrical wiring, to support radio antennas and overhead power lines. A strain insulator may be inserted between two lengths of wire, to isolate them electrically from each other while maintaining a mechanical connection, or where a wire attaches to a pole or tower, to transmit the pull of the wire to the support while insulating it electrically. Strain insulators were first used in telegraph systems in the mid 19th century.
Description and use.
A typical strain insulator is a piece of glass or porcelain that is shaped to accommodate two cables or a cable shoe and the supporting hardware on the support structure (hook eye, or eyelet on a steel pole/tower). The shape of the insulator maximizes the distance between the cables while also maximizing the load-bearing transfer capacity of the insulator. 
In practice, for radio antennas, guy-wires, overhead power lines and most other loads, the strain insulator is usually in physical tension.
When the line voltage requires more insulation than a single insulator can supply, strain insulators are used in series: A set of insulators are connected to each other using special hardware. The series can support the same strain as a single insulator, but the series provides a much higher effective insulation.
If one string is insufficient for the strain, a heavy steel plate effectively bundles several insulator strings mechanically. One plate is on the "hot" end and another is located at the support structure. This setup is almost universally used on long spans, such as when a power line crosses a river, canyon, lake, or other terrain requiring a longer than nominal span.
Strain insulators are typically used outdoors in overhead wiring. In this environment they are exposed to rain and in urban settings, pollution. As a practical matter, the shape of the insulator becomes critically important, since a wetted path from one cable to the other can create a low-resistance electrical path.
Strain insulators intended for horizontal mounting (often referred to as Dead-Ends) therefore incorporate flanges to shed water, and strain insulators intended for vertical mounting (referred to as Suspension Insulators) are often bell-shaped.
Collectors.
Other than their industrial use for which they are produced some people collect insulators, especially antique ones.

</doc>
<doc id="9848301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848301" title="Weldon Springs State Recreation Area">
Weldon Springs State Recreation Area

Weldon Springs State Park is a state park located near Clinton, Illinois. It centers on Salt Creek and the impoundment of a tributary, Weldon Springs, to form Weldon Spring Lake, a reservoir. It is supervised by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources.
Geology and ecology.
Weldon Springs is an unusual spring in the relatively flat "Grande Prairie" of central Illinois. The spring is a local reminder of the former presence of an immense buried river valley, the Teays River, once as large as the Mississippi River. Glacial till left behind during the Ice Age buried the valley and its bedrock bluffs below the current earth surface, but much later flows of groundwater were forced by this buried geological feature to the surface. Weldon Springs became a wetland with some of the northernmost bald cypress trees in Illinois.
History.
In the 1800s, Weldon Springs was the fishing camp of a leading local citizen, Judge Lawrence Weldon. In 1900, Judge Weldon leased the springs to the "Weldon Springs Company", which raised $7,500 to redevelop the springs as a Chautauqua. From 1901 until 1921, Weldon Springs - which was served by a branch line of the Illinois Central Railroad - was a recognized stop on the Chautauqua circuit; for ten days annually, inspirational speakers and entertainers took top billing on the spring garden's outdoor amphitheatres. National leaders who appeared at Weldon Springs included William Jennings Bryan, Helen Keller, Carrie Nation, the Rev. Billy Sunday, and President William Howard Taft.
With the increasing availability of personal motor vehicles and distribution of movies, the Chautauqua circuit collapsed in the early 1920s. The Weldon family donated the springs to the county seat of Clinton in 1936, and the parcel moved to state ownership in 1948. It is the heart of what is now Weldon Springs State Recreation Area.
Today.
When nearby Logan County, Illinois built its first-generation pioneer public schools in the 1860s, one of the one-room schools was named the "Union School" (1865). The name signifies the side Illinois took during the American Civil War at the time. After the Union School was consolidated about 1950, the building was moved to Weldon Springs and restored as the state park museum and visitor center.
From the Union School and parking lot, more than 7 miles (11 km) of trails fan out. Local hikers will find the largest trees in the Salt Creek bottoms, including the largest tree in the park, a silver maple. The 1.3-mile (2.1 km) Schoolhouse Trail accesses a restored tallgrass prairie which provides habitat for more than 30 different species of butterflies. More than 80 birdhouses are maintained to provide homes for bluebirds.
The spring-fed Weldon Spring Lake is managed for largemouth bass and channel catfish, with panfish also present. There is a power limit on the lake, with gasoline-powered motors not allowed.
The campgrounds and amphitheaters used during the spring complex's Chautauqua days continue in readiness for use.
2008 closing.
Weldon Springs State Park was one of eleven state parks slated to close indefinitely on November 1, 2008 due to budget cuts by then-Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich. After delay, which restored funding for some of the parks, a proposal to close seven state parks and a dozen state historic sites, including Weldon Springs, went ahead on November 30, 2008. After the impeachment of Illinois Governor Blagojevich, new governor Pat Quinn reopened the closed state parks in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9848324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848324" title="Galleria dei dipinti antichi della Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena">
Galleria dei dipinti antichi della Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena

The Galleria dei dipinti antichi della Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena or the "Gallery of Antique Art of Cesena's Savings and Loan" is a small, but publicly exhibited collection of artists mainly from Emilia-Romagna, amassed by a private financial house of Cesena, Italy. The collection spans works from the 15th century to the 19th century, and was accumulated mostly over the last 2-3 decades. Since 1991, it has been displayed in the former monastery of the Celestines, now also the central offices of the bank. 

</doc>
<doc id="9848332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848332" title="...So Goes the Nation">
...So Goes the Nation

...So Goes The Nation is a 2006 political documentary that follows the 2004 United States presidential election between John Kerry and George W. Bush, concentrating on the battleground state of Ohio. The film interviews campaign workers on both sides and analyzes the outcome of the results. The name comes from the saying that "As Ohio goes, so goes the nation". In 2004 Ohio itself swung the election, and in fact no Republican has ever won the White House without Ohio.
The documentary focused heavily on the rural-urban divide in Ohio, and the corresponding cultural and moral issues which, according to the documentary, played a pivotal role in the election.

</doc>
<doc id="9848347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848347" title="Michael Ryan (rugby league)">
Michael Ryan (rugby league)

Michael Ryan (born 9 May 1981 in Brisbane, Australia) was an Australian rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition. His position of choice was usually at hooker.

</doc>
<doc id="9848356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848356" title="George Sanford (political scientist)">
George Sanford (political scientist)

George Sanford is a former professor of politics at the University of Bristol, England. He specializes in Polish and East European studies. On several occasions he has been interviewed on Polish affairs in the mass media.
Sanford's study (2005) of the Soviet massacre of Polish prisoners of war in Spring 1940, based on authoritative Soviet documentation, provides a dispassionate and comprehensive account of the planning and implementation of the whole NKVD action - a flagrant breach of International Law. About 14,6000 PoWs(officers including educated reservists, soldiers, policemen and border and prison guards)were transported from three camps at Starobelsk, Ostashkov and Kozelsk to be shot in NKVD prison cellars in Kharkov and Kalinin (now Tver)as well as in the Katyn forest near Smolensk. Another 7,300 were killed by the NKVD as part of the same action in Belarus and the Ukraine. German Nazi revelation of the Katyn part of the massacre in April 1943 was a cynical attempt to split the Western Allies and the Polish Government-in-Exile in London from the Soviet Union. Sanford goes on the show how the truth about the 1940 massacre was sacrificed to realpolitik considerations of maintaining allied unity and defeating the Nazis. In particular, British Foreign Office (FO) and American records confirm that both Churchill and Roosevelt were fully informed of the real truth about the 1940 massacre and took conscious political decisions to lie about it to defend their respective national interests. This explains why the struggle to establish the truth about the 1940 massacre proved so tortuous and long drawn out. Only with Gorbachev's admission of Soviet guilt in 1990 and the publication (mostly in Polish and Russian) of the relevant and detailed NKVD documents made available by Yeltsin in the early 1990s was it possible to ascertain the definitive truth, especially about the non-Katyn aspects of the massacre. Sanford examines in detail how the British Foreign Office repeatedly reconfirmed its 'open verdict'line,from 1943 until Gorbachev's admission, notably when the official FO Historian's Rohan Butler 1972 review did so in the face of mounting evidence to the contrary. The 1940 massacre was a key episode in the history of the Second World War with crucial implications for Russo-Polish relations; but it also now raises central issues about international law and morality and how these can constrain historically dominant realpolitik considerations of power politics, including the prevention of genocide and massacre.
Publications.
George Stanford has published several books and numerous articles and books chapters. His book publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="9848357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848357" title="Kōdai-ji">
Kōdai-ji

, formally identified as , is a temple of the Rinzai school of Zen Buddhism in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto, Japan—the largest subtemple of the Kennin-ji branch. It was established in 1606 by Nene (often known by the title Kita no Mandokoro, and who had taken the name Kōdai-in), the widow of Toyotomi Hideyoshi, to pray for her late husband. The principal image is a statue of Shaka.
The gardens of Kōdai-ji are a nationally-designated Historic Site and Place of Scenic Beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="9848369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848369" title="Jessica Robinson (country singer)">
Jessica Robinson (country singer)

Jessica Robinson is a country music singer from Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada. Her first album, "Hummingbird", was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9848403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848403" title="Bachman's sparrow">
Bachman's sparrow

Bachman's Sparrow "(Peucaea aestivalis)", is a small American sparrow that is endemic to the southeastern United States. This species was named in honor of Reverend John Bachman.
Adults have rufous brown upperparts and crown with grey and black streaking on the nape, back and primaries. The face is gray with a rufous brown eyestripe. It has buff colored breast and whitish belly. These are mid-sized New World sparrows, measuring and weighing .
Their breeding habitat is open pine forests. The domed nest is usually built on the ground near a clump of grass or a bush. Females lay 3–5 eggs.
Bachman's Sparrow is primarily a non-migratory resident, but it may retreat from some of the most northerly territories. The species is mainly a granivore, but it will also take some insects.
This bird is considered Near Threatened, with habitat loss one of the major factors often cited in its decline. Habitat degradation due to later stages of forest succession has also been attributed to the decline of this species. Prescribed forest burns may assist in recovery.
The song begins as a clear whistle, followed by a short trill.
Distribution.
Bachman's sparrows occur primarily in the southeastern United States from the central region of peninsular Florida north to limited areas of extreme southern Virginia and west through portions of Tennessee, Kentucky and Missouri to eastern Oklahoma and eastern Texas. Bachman's sparrows may rarely occur in more northerly areas that were part of their historic breeding range, including most of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia and parts of Pennsylvania and Maryland.
Among the three subspecies of Bachman's sparrow, "Peucaea aestivalis aestivalis" breeds furthest east, from southeast South Carolina to peninsular Florida. "Peucaea a. bachmanii" occurs west of "P. a. aestivalis" to Mississippi and north to Kentucky. "P. a. illinoensis" occurs in the westernmost region of the species' range.
Timing of major life events.
Migration.
Reviews and a field guide summarize the limited information available on Bachman's sparrow migration. Bachman's sparrows in the southern portion of the range are resident, while those in Missouri, Arkansas, eastern Oklahoma, Tennessee, Virginia, parts of North Carolina, and extreme northern Mississippi and Alabama migrate south during winter. Because of their secretive nature in winter, determining the presence of Bachman's sparrows is difficult. However, records of Bachman's sparrow occurrence on breeding grounds and specimens of subspecies collected outside their normal breeding range suggest that spring migration occurs from mid-March to May and fall migration occurs from late August through to late October.
Breeding.
Bachman's sparrows' breeding season typically begins in April and continues through August. The earliest date for Bachman's sparrow eggs in Florida is 14 April and the latest date is 4 August. The earliest Bachman's sparrow nest found during a study in longleaf pine habitat of South Carolina was 10 April, while the latest nest found was early in the incubation stage on 5 August. In a study of Bachman's sparrow reproduction in shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations of Arkansas, egg laying started as early as 17 April and continued until 26 August. However, 85% of clutches were started in May, June, or July.
Bachman's sparrows typically raise 2 broods per breeding season and will renest after failed attempts. In shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations of Arkansas, the average time between fledging of the 1st brood and starting the second brood was 12.3 days. This was not significantly (p=0.39) different from the 9.7-day average period between a failed nest and a subsequent nest attempt. On average, females attempted 3.1 nests per season. The maximum number of attempts per season was five. The maximum number of nests attempted in longleaf pine habitat of South Carolina was also five. After two successful nests, a female attempted three times to raise a third brood. Limited evidence suggests that three broods per season may occur occasionally.
Bachman's sparrow nests are constructed on the ground by females and are primarily made of grasses. All nests (n=71) found in a study in shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations of Arkansas were built on the ground. Most nests (70%) were built at the base of bluestem clumps, although nests were found at the base of small trees, forbs, and other grass species. On the same study site, only 7% of nests were not either partially or completely domed. Most nest entrances were oriented to the north.
Clutch size varies from 3 to 5. Average clutch size on a site in Arkansas was 3.9, while in a longleaf pine community in South Carolina mean clutch size was 3.6. Both of these studies found significant (p≤0.02) decreases in clutch size as the breeding season progressed. On a dry prairie site in Florida (n=9) average clutch size was 3.44 and on another (n=5) it was 3.6. In shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations of Arkansas, females laid an average of 11.6 eggs (n=20) over the course of the breeding season.
In shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations in Arkansas, females incubated eggs for 13 to 14 days. The average nestling period was 9 days, and the average period between fledging and independence was 25 days. Both parents care for the young during these periods. A review suggests that Bachman's sparrows probably breed the year after hatching.
Bachman's sparrows exhibit some fidelity to breeding sites. Over a 2-year period in shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations of central Arkansas, 6 of 34 adults returned to areas where they had a territory in a previous year. This varied across years, with a 29% return rate of adult birds banded in 1983 and none of the adults banded in 1984 returning to the site in 1985. No juveniles (n=60) returned to the site.
Nesting success.
Values of nest success reported for Bachman's sparrows vary. Daily nest survival rate of Bachman's sparrow ranged from 0.89 to 0.96 across sites and years in the dry prairie of central Florida. On average 3.13 birds were fledged per successful Bachman's sparrow nest. Estimates of productivity ranged from 1.21 to 4.16 offspring per pair per year across sites and years. In a South Carolina longleaf pine community, daily survival rate of Bachman's sparrow nests in 1995 was 0.952, which was significantly (p=0.04) higher than the 1996 daily nest survival rate of 0.889. Earlier nesting attempts (before June 15, n=15) had significantly (p=0.05) higher survival rates than those started later in the year (n=11). Daily nest survival rate was 0.922 during incubation and 0.973 during the nestling stage. In central Arkansas, daily success rate during the incubation period was 0.965, while in the nestling period it was 0.919. In the glades of south-central Missouri, 8 female Bachman's sparrows fledged an average of 1.5 young per season over 2 years. Predation accounted for 80% of egg loss on study sites in Arkansas and 94% of nest failures on sites in central Florida. Information on Bachman sparrow nest predators can be found in the Predators section of this summary. Cowbirds and nest abandonment were the other known causes of nest failure.
Survival.
Survival of Bachman's sparrows during the breeding season has been investigated in a South Carolina study area dominated by longleaf pine. Recapture of banded birds resulted in a monthly survival rate during the breeding season of 0.94. Using radio telemetry, average survival of Bachman's sparrows from 20 April to 26 July was 80.0%. In another radio telemetry study, four mortalities out of 38 Bachman's sparrows were documented over two years. The overall breeding season survival rate was estimated as 0.893. According to a literature review, Bachman's sparrows have been captured that were at least three years old.
Preferred habitat.
Bachman's sparrows inhabit areas with a dense layer of ground vegetation and open mid-stories with scattered shrubs and saplings, including young clearcuts and open pine ("Pinus" spp.) forests.
Habitat characteristics.
Bachman's sparrows' need of a dense layer of herbaceous vegetation is widely documented. Vegetation density was greater below 3 feet (0.9 m) than above 3 feet (0.9 m) and percent ground cover and percent grass cover were consistently higher (>58%) on sites occupied by Bachman's sparrow than unoccupied sites in Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, South Carolina and North Carolina. In 17- to 28-year- old slash pine plantations of northwestern Florida that had been burned within 4 years, Bachman's sparrow abundance was significantly (p=0.043) correlated (r=0.46) with relative volume of grass. In longleaf and loblolly pine stands of varying ages and under different management in South Carolina, areas occupied by Bachman's sparrows consistently had high vegetation volumes ≤3 feet (1 m) above ground. Sites occupied by Bachman's sparrows in longleaf pine woodlands of Florida managed for the red-cockaded woodpecker ("Picoides borealis") had significantly (p=0.007) higher vegetation densities ≤ 2 feet (0.5 m) than unoccupied sites in the study area. Grass density, primarily bluestems ("Andropogon" spp. and "Schizachyrium" spp.) ≤ 2 feet (0.5 m) above ground, was also significantly (p=0.004) greater on occupied compared to unoccupied sites. Bachman's sparrows were significantly (p≤0.01) more abundant in mixed pine-grassland restoration stands in Mississippi, which had greater understory, grass, and forb cover, than traditionally managed stands. In 1- to 6-year-old loblolly pine stands of eastern Texas, herbaceous ground cover (p=0.003) was greater in study areas occupied by Bachman's sparrows. In south-central Missouri, glades occupied by Bachman's sparrows had significantly more grass (p=0.03) and forb cover (p=0.0005) than unoccupied glades. However, vegetation densities below 3 feet (0.9 m) and percent ground and grass cover in areas occupied by Bachman's sparrow did not differ significantly (p>0.05) from unoccupied areas of loblolly and shortleaf pine plantations in Arkansas.
Factors such as the patchiness of vegetation and species composition of the ground layer may affect habitat suitability by influencing foraging success and the availability of food and nesting material. In Georgia, Bachman's sparrows did not occur in open areas with uniformly dense herbaceous vegetation, despite these sites having a similar volume of vegetation ≤3 feet (1 m) above ground as recently burned pineland sites that were occupied by Bachman's sparrow. Although measurements were not taken, observations of Bachman's sparrow in clearcuts in eastern Texas suggest they may favor tall grass in clumpy rather that uniform distribution. In loblolly and shortleaf pine plantations of Arkansas, explanations suggested for a lack of evidence of ground layer features influencing selection of breeding territories included importance of habitat characteristics that were not measured, such as patchiness of the herbaceous layer and species composition. In a predominantly longleaf pine forest in Georgia, Bachman's sparrows were significantly (p=0.04) more abundant in areas where ground cover was primarily Beyrich threeawn ("Aristida beyrichiana"), compared to relatively disturbed communities of bluestems ("Andropogon" spp.) and silkgrass ("Pityopsis" spp.).
Amount of litter and debris on a site may influence Bachman's sparrow habitat selection. Percent litter cover was consistently high (>58%) on sites occupied by Bachman's sparrow in Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, South Carolina and North Carolina. Although statistical significance was not tested due to small sample size, Bachman's sparrows occurred at higher densities in control plots (1.5 territories/40 ha) than plots that had downed coarse woody debris >4 inches (10 cm) in diameter removed (0.4 territories/40 ha) in a loblolly pine forest of South Carolina. Haggerty suggests that litter may provide habitat for Bachman's sparrow prey, but that too much litter could interfere with foraging. In loblolly and shortleaf pine plantations of Arkansas, litter cover (78%) and depth (0.5 inches (1.2 cm) on sites occupied by Bachman's sparrows were significantly (p≤0.01) lower than litter cover (88.9%) and depth (1.6 inches (4.2 cm)) on unoccupied sites.
Bachman's sparrow inhabits areas with open overstories. In sites in eastern Texas of varying age since clearcutting, study areas occupied by Bachman's sparrows had significantly (p<0.01) fewer short (≤ 10 feet (3m)) and tall (>10 feet (3m)) trees than unoccupied study areas. In longleaf and loblolly pine stands of varying ages and under different management in South Carolina, plots occupied by Bachman's sparrows consistently had low volumes of vegetation from 7 to 13 feet (2–4 m) above ground compared to unoccupied sites. In middle-aged and mature forests of Georgia composed primarily of loblolly pine, Bachman sparrow densities were negatively associated with tree/shrub volume and vegetation volume from 7 to <16 feet (3 to <5 m). In loblolly and shortleaf pine plantations of Arkansas, Bachman's sparrow breeding areas had significantly lower percent canopy cover (p<0.001), shorter woody vegetation (p≤0.01) and fewer trees (p<0.001) and shrubs (p≤0.05) than unoccupied sites. In south-central Missouri, Bachman's sparrows occurred in glades with less than 30% woody cover, and occupied glades had significantly (p≤0.05) lower percentages of deciduous and coniferous saplings, deciduous and coniferous trees, and total woody vegetation. Mid-story density was marginally (p=0.055) greater on unoccupied sites, and Bachman's sparrow abundance was significantly (p=0.043) negatively correlated (r= –0.446) with mid-story density in longleaf pine woodlands of northwestern Florida. However, relative abundance of Bachman's sparrows was not significantly (p=0.107) associated with canopy cover and there were no significant (p=0.133) differences in canopy cover between occupied and unoccupied sites.
There is evidence that Bachman sparrow may prefer sites with some tall vegetation. In north-central Florida, densities of Bachman's sparrows in young (2–4 years) slash pine plantations with artificial snags added (n=3) was 31.4 pairs/km², while in similar vegetation without snags (n=3) Bachman's sparrow density was 22.3 pairs/km² . In an area in South Carolina composed of longleaf and loblolly pine, Bachman's sparrow occurred at significantly (p=0.002) higher density in clearcuts than middle-aged (22–50 years) stands, while in another area clearcuts had relatively low densities of Bachman's sparrows. Vegetation differences between the 2 sites are likely to explain the difference. The site with relatively low densities of Bachman's sparrows had been drumchopped, which resulted in a lower volume of vegetation from 3 to 7 feet (1–2 m) above ground. The authors suggest that the lack of vegetation in this height range may have limited perches, resulting in fewer birds on the site. An investigation of Bachman's sparrow habitat characteristics in 1- to 6-year-old loblolly pine stands of eastern Texas led to recommendations that 2 to 5 tall (>39 feet (12 m)) trees/100 ha remain on a clearcut for Bachman sparrow singing perches. In Georgia, the lack of vegetation from 10 to <16 feet (3 to <5 m) was suggested as a possible reason for the absence of Bachman's sparrows from open field vegetation. However, across the southeast, vegetation density from 3 to 6 feet (0.91–1.8 m) above ground varies widely on sites occupied by Bachman's sparrows, suggesting their requirements for the density of this vegetation layer are comparatively flexible.
In the dry prairie of central Florida, Bachman's sparrows used clumps of saw-palmetto that had "natural" burrows significantly (p<0.001) more than would be expected based on availability. The authors suggest that Bachman's sparrows in prairie habitat use burrows as areas of refuge from predators.
Landscape level effects.
Several studies have investigated the importance of landscape attributes on Bachman's sparrows. For a discussion of the possible importance of patchiness of vegetation within a site see the habitat characteristics section.
The ability of the Bachman's sparrow to detect and colonize areas before they are no longer suitable may depend on the size and isolation of the habitat. In south-central Missouri, only glades ≥ 29 acres (11.7 ha) were occupied by Bachman's sparrows. The probability of Bachman's sparrow occupying pine-grassland restoration stands in Mississippi increased as size of areas with long burning rotations, short-harvest rotations, and no removal of hardwoods decreased (p=0.05) and as the perimeter to area ratio of these areas increased (p=0.02). In South Carolina, distance from source populations significantly (p≤ 0.05) influenced the ability of Bachman's sparrows to colonize recent clearcuts in both years on one study area and in 1 of 2 years in another study area. The authors suggest that the presence of corridors in the latter study area may have resulted in distance being less influential.
Bachman's sparrows' association with edge habitat is uncertain. In eastern Texas clearcuts with relatively abundant loblolly pine, sites with Bachman's sparrow territories were significantly (p<0.01) closer to the edge of the study area and the number of Bachman's sparrows was significantly (p<0.05) correlated (r=–0.22) with distance to edge. However, in dry prairie of central Florida the difference in Bachman's sparrow densities in edge and core habitat was not significant (p≥0.36), and both edge and core habitat were considered population sinks.
Territory and density.
Territory size of Bachman's sparrows varies. In Missouri glades, reports of average Bachman's sparrow breeding territory range from 1.5 acres (0.62 ha, n=13) to 7 acres (2.9 ha, n=7). In loblolly and shortleaf pine plantations of central Arkansas, mean home range size (n=25) during the breeding season was 6 acres (2.5 ha). In on a south-central Florida site with saw palmetto and scrub palmetto (Sabal etonia) interspersed amongst threeawn ("Aristida" spp.), Bachman's sparrow territories (n=6) averaged 12.5 acres (5.1 ha). In winter (November–January), the average home range size of 8 Bachman's sparrows was 1.6 acres (0.65 ha) in the dry prairie of central Florida.
Bachman's sparrow density during in the breeding season has been estimated in several habitats. On clearcuts of various ages with relatively abundant loblolly pine in eastern Texas, maximum Bachman sparrow density was 1.9/10 ha. In South Carolina, Bachman's sparrow densities ranged from 0 to 0.48/ha across sites of different ages and management regimes. In Georgia, Bachman sparrow densities ranged from 0 to 0.92 birds/ha on sites ranging from an open field to middle-aged and mature forests composed primarily of loblolly pine. In a south-central Florida community composed of saw palmetto, scrub palmetto, and threeawn, Bachman's sparrow density averaged 1 male/33 ha. In dry prairie of central Florida, Bachman's sparrow densities varied from 0.92 to 3.24 territories/10 ha across sites and years. Bachman's sparrow densities calculated from breeding bird censuses in longleaf pine forests was >15 territories/40 ha, while densities from winter bird population studies were from 6 to 10 individuals/40 ha.
Food habits.
Bachman's sparrows forage on the ground for plant seeds and arthropods. In a predominately loblolly and shortleaf pine habitat of eastern Texas, all Bachman's sparrow foraging observations were on the ground and a literature review states that Bachman's sparrows rarely forage in shrubs.
Reviews and an investigation of the Bachman sparrow's diet in eastern Texas summarize the species that comprise the Bachman's sparrow's diet. A variety of grass seeds such as panicgrasses, bristlegrasses ("Setaria" sp.), crowngrasses ("Paspalum" spp.), and threeawns are eaten by Bachman's sparrows as well as seeds of several other taxa, including blueberries ("Vaccinium" spp), pines, and sedges ("Carex" spp). Arthropods in the Bachman's sparrow's diet include grasshoppers and crickets ("Orthoptera" spp.), spiders (Araneae), beetles ("Coleoptera" spp.), caterpillars ("Lepidoptera" spp.), wasps (Hymenoptera), and leafhoppers (Cicadellidae). Insects comprise more of the Bachman's sparrow diet in spring and fall than in winter. Stomach contents of Bachman's sparrow collected in eastern Texas in summer (n=5) and fall (n=11) had a greater abundance of insects than those collected in winter (n=4).
Predators.
Data demonstrating which species prey on Bachman's sparrow are lacking. However short-tailed hawks ("Buteo brachyurus") and possibly American kestrels ("Falco sparverius") prey on adult Bachman's sparrows. Species responsible for nest predation are not generally known. Evidence in 2 studies suggest mammalian predators. and snakes eat Bachman's sparrow nestlings.
Bachman's sparrow nests are occasionally parasitized by brown-headed cowbirds ("Molothrus ater"). In shortleaf and loblolly pine plantations of central Arkansas, 5% of 38 nest failures were due to brown-headed cowbird parasitism.

</doc>
<doc id="9848404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848404" title="Ketsumeishi">
Ketsumeishi


</doc>
<doc id="9848414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848414" title="Stadel bei Herrieden">
Stadel bei Herrieden


</doc>
<doc id="9848443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848443" title="Isaiah W. Lees">
Isaiah W. Lees

Isaiah W. Lees (1830 – 1902) was a detective with the San Francisco Police Department. He served as Chief of Police from 1897 to 1900 and later served as Police Commissioner. He originally arrived in California during the Gold Rush.

</doc>
<doc id="9848445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848445" title="Ayatollah (disambiguation)">
Ayatollah (disambiguation)

Ayatollah may refer to: 
More specifically the most notable "Ayatollah"s are:
The most senior ayatollahs are described as "Grand Ayatollah" or "Marja"'.
Details of specific ayatollahs may be found under
Ayatollah may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848446" title="ArcMap">
ArcMap

ArcMap is the main component of Esri's ArcGIS suite of geospatial processing programs, and is used primarily to view, edit, create, and analyze geospatial data. ArcMap allows the user to explore data within a data set, symbolize features accordingly, and create maps.
Functionality.
ArcMap users can create and manipulate data sets to include a variety of information. For example, the maps produced in ArcMap generally include features such as north arrows, scale bars, titles, legends, etc. The software package includes a style-set of these features.
The ArcGIS suite is available at three license levels: Basic, Standard, or Advanced (formerly ArcView, ArcEditor, or ArcInfo). Each step up in the license provides the user with more extensions that allow a variety of querying to be performed on a data set. ArcInfo is the highest level of licensing, and allows the user to use such extensions as 3D Analyst, Spatial Analyst, and the Geostatistical Analyst.
Maps created and saved within ArcMap will create a file on the hard drive with an .mxd extension. Once an .mxd file is opened in ArcMap, the user can display a variety of information, as long as it exists within the data set. At this time the user will create an entirely new map output and use the customization and design features to create a unique product. Upon completion of the map, ArcMap has the ability to save, print, and export files to PDF.
The geographic information that is loaded into ArcMap can be viewed in two ways: data view and layout view.
In data view, the user can interact with the geographic information presented, and the map elements are hidden from view. Most projects begin in this view, and continue to the layout view for final editing and production. While in the layout view, the user can incorporate a number of useful features such as scale bars and legends. These elements are crucial to map-making, and provide clients with appropriate reference information.

</doc>
<doc id="9848451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848451" title="Fecto Sugar Mills Limited">
Fecto Sugar Mills Limited

Fecto Sugar Mills Limited is a Public Limited Company and is listed at Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Stock Exchanges and is a part of Fecto Group of Industries.
The Sugar Mill was acquired in 1975 by the Fecto Group. It received Award of Top Companies of 1982 by The Karachi Stock Exchange Ltd.
The Mill is located in Darya Khan, Bhakkar District in the province of Punjab, and is spread over an area of . Initially the production capacity was 20728 tonnes which was later enhanced through BMR in 1996 to 40800 tonnes.
References.
[http://www.fecto.com/fecto_sugarmills.shtml]
[http://wikimapia.org/16431318/FECTO-SUGAR-MILLS-LIMITED]

</doc>
<doc id="9848468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848468" title="Schaefer Head">
Schaefer Head

Schaefer Head is a mountain in the Allegheny Mountains of Pennsylvania. It is one of the peaks that make up the Blue Knob massif, an isolated group of mountains that stand apart from the Allegheny Front. Schaefer Head is the third highest of these peaks behind Blue Knob 3,146  feet (959 m),and Herman Point 3,034 feet (925 m). Schaefer Head is also the highest point in Blair County.
Shaefer Head is conspicuous because of its cone shaped profile. There are no roads to the summit and the only way to the top is to bushwhack.

</doc>
<doc id="9848473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848473" title="William Cummings (athlete)">
William Cummings (athlete)

William J. Cummings (June 10, 1858–July 13, 1919) was a Scottish professional runner who held the record for the mile in the 19th century and is perhaps best remembered for a series of races against Walter George, a top amateur runner who turned professional in part to challenge Cummings.
Early professional career.
Cummings decided, by the time he turned 18 in 1876, to take up the uncertain life of a professional "bagtagger," as runners were known at the time. His first professional race came soon afterwards.
He ran the mile in 4:28½ on 9 June 1877 and ran 4:25 the next year, as well as a two-mile race in 9:20½. His times were impressive enough to race for the Champion's Belt at Lillie Bridge on 1 July 1878. A long-shot, he won the race in 4:28 to become that year's Champion of England.
He won a mile race in 4:18¼ later that year in Glasgow and again in 4:19½ two weeks later, and was considered to be at the top of pedestrianism.
The next few years were ones of mixed fortunes as he raced often and did not always win. He ran four miles in 19:57¼ in 1879, but lost his mile title to E. Dickenson who ran 4:20. He regained the Champion's Belt in 1880 with a 4:22 and won the 10 mile Belt with a 51:47 performance. Then he set a world record for 1½ miles with 6:43½, but lost late that year in the mile to William Duddle who ran 4:19½.
Chastened by his defeats, Cummings was determined to regain his dominance in 1881. He beat Duddle over 1,000 yards on 30 April with a world record 2:17, then he regained the Championship Belt on 14 May, setting a mile record of 4:16 in the process. The previous record had stood for 16 years. He beat Duddle two more times over the mile that year, and dipped under 4:20 twice in December. As a result of his dominance, professional running started to die.
That soon changed with the emergence of Walter George, an amateur runner who set records in distances from 3/4 mile to 10 miles in 1882. After George had run 4:19 on 3 June of that year, thus setting a new amateur record for the mile with only three professionals faster at the distance - including, of course, Cummings - he challenged him to race, but was denied permission by the amateur authorities.
But by 1885, George had conquered all comers as an amateur and sought new challenges as a professional. Being badly in debt was also a factor in this decision to shed his amateur status.
The 1885 challenge mile.
The long-awaited mile challenge race was held on 31 August 1885 at Lillie Bridge, witnessed by some 30,000 spectators. Crowds of people angry they had been denied entry broke through the closed entry gates and ended up completely encircling the running track both inside and out.
Cummings arrived at 5:30 pm and walked two laps of the track. George, caught in traffic, arrived shortly before 6:00 pm and climbed over the crowd with a ladder as the risk of injury pushing through the crowd was too great. Nevertheless, both runners had to force their way through the crowds with their handlers.
Betting was heavy, with Cummings favoured over George. At the gun, George dashed ahead, with Cummings close behind, in a steady rain. Cummings, who had won the coin toss, had chosen the third-of-a-mile rectangular cinder track at the site over the favoured quarter-mile cycling track. At the quarter mile point of the race, hindered by the slow track with sharp corners, George led with 58, a torrid pace which the crowd enthusiastically cheered.
But Cummings was close enough to be able to touch George's heels with his fingertips. At the half-mile point, they were at 2:01, and the crowd went delirious. At 1,000 yards, Cummings pulled even. At the three-quarter mark, George was at 3:07½, only half a second slower than the world record pace.
Instead of slowing, George kept the pace, and Cummings struggled to keep up. Halfway through the final lap, Cummings gave up and started to walk, and since winning was the main concern today, George slowed to a walk when he was far enough ahead. Cummings, urged by his boosters, started to run again, which caused George to start to run again. He beat Cummings by some 65 yards in a time of 4:20, remarkably fast given his leisurely last lap.
Cummings got revenge later in 1885 by badly defeating George in a four-mile challenge race at Powderhall Grounds in Edinburgh, and in a 10-mile challenge soon after that back at Lillie Bridge.
The 1886 challenge mile.
Their most famous encounter occurred in 1886, in a rematch of their 1885 mile challenge. On 23 August, again at Lillie Bridge, the two runners raced each other in front of 20,000 spectators.
The starting gun was fired by former two-mile record-holder Jack White and George, as he did the year before, led off. The first lap was in 58¼. Cummings followed closely, looking relaxed. At the half, George was at 2:01¾. As they completed the third lap, neither runner looked weak. As they passed three-quarters in 3:07¾, Cummings pulled up alongside George and the crowd went wild.
Cummings launched a kick with 350 yards to go and opened an eight-yard lead. George held back, sure that Cummings could not hold the pace. Sure enough, George closed the gap, came even and then pulled ahead by two yards. Then, Cummings collapsed and George coasted to the finish.
The spectators, in contrast to the congratulatory mob which surrounded George the previous year upon his victory, waited silently for the time to be written on the blackboard. When the time was written down—4:12¾—pandemondium broke out. Cummings' record was gone. And George's mark would not be surpassed for almost 30 years.
Cummings got some revenge on George by defeating him in a four-mile challenge race, but George lapped him in a 10-mile challenge and was forced to drop out. In 1888, Cummings defeated George in a 3/4 mile race and two one mile races, though neither time was faster than 4:30.

</doc>
<doc id="9848489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848489" title="Baba Farid Sugar Mills Limited">
Baba Farid Sugar Mills Limited

Baba Farid Sugar Mills Limited is located in Okara District, Pakistan. The mill was founded in 1978 and is named after the well-known Sufi Pakpattan Baba Farid Shakarganj (Rehmatullah Alleh). Company is now in the acquisition of Pattoki Sugar Mills Management.
Overview.
Baba Farid Sugar Mills is a public quoted ISO 9001:2000 certified company and its shares are quoted on the Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad stock exchanges.
It's also a member of Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and Pakistan Sugar Mills Association. The net annual production capacity of the mill is 27,200 tonnes. 
own by Sulaiman

</doc>
<doc id="9848493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848493" title="The Pablo Freire Method">
The Pablo Freire Method

The Paolo Freire's Method consists of a proposal for the alphabet of adults developed by the educator Paolo Freire, who criticized the traditional system that used Cartilha’s teachings as central tool of the didactics for the education of the reading and the writing. Cartilhas taught the method of repetition of untied words or bred phrases of form "forçosao" (that ordinarily it is called as language of Cartilha, for example Eva saw the grape, the ox dribbles, the bird flies, amongst others.
Application of the method.
Freire applied his method in the five following ways
History.
Freire publicly applied the method for the first time in the Center of Culture Olegarinha Owner, a Circle of Culture for the Movement of Popular Culture. It was applied initially with 5 pupils, of which three had learned to read and to write in 30 hours, others two had given up before concluding. Based in the experience of Angicos, where in 45 days 300 workers were taught to read in write, Goulart João, president at the time, called Paolo Freire to organize a National Campaign of education. This campaign objective was to teach 2 million people, in 20,000 circles of culture, it counted on the participation of the community - in the state of the Guanabara (Rio de Janeiro) if they only inscribed 6,000 people. But with the Blow of 64 all this social mobilization was restrained, Paolo Freire was considered subversive, imprisoned and later was exiled. Thus, this great project unhappily was abandoned. In its place the MOBRAL appeared, an education initiative, however, viscerally distinct of the freirianos ideals.
Notes and references.
São Paulo, Brazil, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9848523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848523" title="James Waddell Alexander II">
James Waddell Alexander II

James Waddell Alexander II (September 19, 1888 – September 23, 1971) was a mathematician and topologist of the pre-World War II era and part of an influential Princeton topology elite, which included Oswald Veblen, Solomon Lefschetz, and others. He was one of the first members of the Institute for Advanced Study (1933–1951), and also a professor at Princeton University (1920–1951).
Biography.
He was born on September 19, 1888. Alexander came from an old, distinguished Princeton family. He was the only child of the American portrait painter John White Alexander and Elizabeth Alexander. His maternal grandfather, James Waddell Alexander, was the president of the Equitable Life Assurance Society. Alexander's affluence and upbringing allowed him to interact with high society in America and elsewhere. He married Natalia Levitzkaja in 1917, a Russian woman, and they would frequently spend time, until 1937, in the Chamonix area of France, where he would also climb mountains and hills.
He was a pioneer in algebraic topology, setting the foundations for Henri Poincaré's ideas on homology theory and furthering it by founding cohomology theory, which developed gradually in the decade after he gave a definition of cochain. For this, in 1928 he was awarded the Bôcher Memorial Prize. He also contributed to the beginnings of knot theory by inventing the Alexander invariant of a knot, which in modern terms is a graded module obtained from the homology of a "cyclic covering" of the knot complement. From this invariant, he defined the first of the polynomial knot invariants.
With Garland Briggs, he also gave a combinatorial description of knot invariance based on certain moves, now (against the history) called the Reidemeister moves; and also a means of computing homological invariants from the knot diagram.
Alexander was also a noted mountaineer, having succeeded in many major ascents, e.g. in the Swiss Alps and Colorado Rockies. The Alexander's Chimney, in the Rocky Mountain National Park, is named after him. When in Princeton, he liked to climb the university buildings, and always left his office window on the top floor of Fine Hall open so that he could enter by climbing the building.
Towards the end of his life, Alexander became a recluse. He was known as a socialist and his prominence brought him to the attention of McCarthyists. The atmosphere of the McCarthy era pushed him into a greater seclusion. He was not seen in public after 1954, when he appeared to sign a letter supporting J. Robert Oppenheimer.
He died on September 23, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9848536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848536" title="Irene Pacheco">
Irene Pacheco

Irene Pacheco also known as Mambaco (born on March 26, 1971 in San Juan de Urabá, Antioquia) is a Colombian boxer former world champion in the IBF Flyweight category. 
Pacheco turned pro in 1993 and won the Vacant IBF Flyweight Title with a TKO of Luis Cox Coronado in 1999. During five years, "Mambaco" Pacheco successfully defended the belt against boxers such as Masibulele Makepula, Mike Trejo, and Alejandro Félix Montiel, before losing it to a controversial fight against Vic Darchinyan, by TKO in 2004.
He moved up in weight and took on Jhonny Gonzalez in March 2007, but lost via TKO, possibly signaling the end of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="9848546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848546" title="Joachim Król">
Joachim Król

Life and work.
Joachim Król was born in Herne. His father was a miner of Polish descent. He studied from 1981 to 1984 at the "Otto-Falckenberg-Schule" in Munich. He is best known as a film and television actor. In 1993, he starred in the film "No More Mr. Nice Guy". In the 1998 film, "Run Lola Run", Król portrayed the homeless man, Norbert von Au. He is also known for playing Hermann van Pels in the TV movie "" (2001). Despite the large television and cinema success, Joachim Król returns again and again to the stage. Several times he played in the "Bochumer Schauspielhaus" and the "Schauspielhaus Köln". He is married to Heidrun Teusner Król, with whom he has a son, Tom.

</doc>
<doc id="9848556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848556" title="1992–93 Azadegan League">
1992–93 Azadegan League

The final results of the 1992/1993 Azadegan League, Iran's top division league, are listed below.
First round.
Group A
1 On that time, Tehran did not have any teams in Iran Football's 2nd Division League. Therefore the teams from Tehran, who did not qualify for the next season of the Azadegan League, should have chosen between either Tehran Football League or a national competition called Iran Football's 3rd Division League for coming back to Azadegan League. Esteghlal decided to play the Iran 3rd Division competition.
Group B
Second round.
Semi-Finals:
Persepolis 2 - Keshavarz 0
Pas Tehran ? - Teraktor Sazi ? (First Leg)
Teraktor Sazi ? - Pas Tehran ? (Second Leg)
Final:
Pas Tehran 1 - Persepolis 1
Pas won in penalty shootouts.
The final standings of the 1992/1993 Azadegan League, 

</doc>
<doc id="9848588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848588" title="Bandwidth (radio program)">
Bandwidth (radio program)

Bandwidth is a Canadian radio program, which airs on most CBC Radio One stations in Ontario on Saturday afternoons. The program, produced by CBO-FM in Ottawa, airs in all Ontario markets except Toronto, where CBLA airs its own local production, "Big City, Small World", in the same time slot. The program also formerly aired in Nunavut, where it has since been replaced by "The True North Concert Series".
Hosted by Meg Wilcox, the program is an arts and culture magazine which profiles the music scene in the province, including album reviews, interviews with musicians, and live concert performances. Amanda Putz was the program's original host, but took a sabbatical from 2006 to 2009 to work for Radio Television Hong Kong and CBC Radio 3. Later hosts included Alan Neal and Adam Saikaley.
The producers of "Bandwidth" have also been associated with "Fuse", a concert series which aired across Canada on all three of CBC's radio networks.
See also CBC Radio One local programming.

</doc>
<doc id="9848623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848623" title="Virginia Algonquian">
Virginia Algonquian

Virginia Algonquian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848637" title="Gangstar">
Gangstar

Gangstar may refer:

</doc>
<doc id="9848704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848704" title="Walter George (athlete)">
Walter George (athlete)

Walter Goodall George (9 September 1858 – 4 June 1943) was a nineteenth-century British runner from Calne who after setting numerous world records as an amateur, went professional in part to challenge the mile record-holder William Cummings, defeating him in several highly publicized races. In one of those races on 23 August 1886, he set a mile record which was not surpassed for almost 30 years.
George's amateur career.
At 16, George was apprentice to a chemist and working long hours. Accordingly, he entered cycling and then walking races on weekends for exercise. Before turning 20 in 1878, he trained for three months and boasted, to his friends' amusement, that he would one day run a mile in 4:12. This was at a time when the amateur mile record was 4:24½ and the professional mile record was 4:17¼. He wrote in a notebook then the quarter-mile splits required to achieve such a time: 59s; 2:02; 3:08.
In his first race, he was given a 45-yard handicap and promptly won in 4:29, which caused the officials to withhold the prize money until they could determine whether he was a ringer. He never again was given a handicap.
His unorthodox training technique, necessitated by his apprenticeship, was to do what he called "100-up" which involved running in place with high knee lifts and springing, and to take baths in brine. He found quick success, winning the 1879 Amateur Championships of England in the mile (4:29) and in the four miles.
The next year, the first Amateur Athletic Association (AAA) championship was held and George won the mile in 4:28 and the four miles. Then, on 16 August at Stamford Bridge, London, George held his "ideal" pace for one lap - 59s - then slowed to 2:04½ and 3:14. Though he was disappointed to finish in 4:23, the time established a new amateur world record.
On the professional side of racing, William Cummings was also running impressive mile times, setting a professional record of 4:16 in 1881 while George spent most of that year injured.
But George responded in 1882 and ran another amateur world record in the mile on 3 June in 4:19, leaving only Cummings and two other professionals with faster performances. George applied to the AAA to race the professional Cummings, but was denied permission.
Travelling to America, George faced the top American miler Lon Myers over a series of three races in November 1882. A total of 130,000 attended these races at the Polo Grounds in New York City. In the first, Myers beat George 1:56 to 1:57 in the 880 yards. The next week, George led all the way in defeating his rival 4:21 to 4:27 in the mile. In the final 3/4 mile showdown, 60,000 watched George and Myers battle on a cold day on a bad track. George led narrowly with a 61 and 2:02¾ before Myers took the lead. But Myers staggered at the end and collapsed after crossing in 3:13 - behind George who won in 3:10½. Both fell unconscious after the race and George described it as "the most gruelling race I ever ran."
In 1883, George was ill and William Snook won the mile championship, though George recovered to lower his amateur record for 10 miles. The next year, George sought revenge on Snook, as they met on 21 June at the Astor Lower Grounds in Birmingham for the AAA championships. George prevailied in the race at 4:18, setting his third amateur mile record in the process.
That same year he won titles over the 4-miles, 10-miles, the 880 yards and in cross country. He additionally set world amateur records in the 2 miles (9:17), 3 miles (14:39), 6 miles (30:21½), 10 miles (51:20) and one hour (11 miles 932 yards).
George turns professional: The 1885 challenge mile.
With nothing more to prove in the amateur world, George turned professional in 1885 and challenged Cummings over the mile.
The long-awaited mile challenge race was held on 31 August 1885 at Lillie Bridge, witnessed by some 30,000 spectators. Crowds of people angry they had been denied entry broke through the closed entry gates and ended up completely encircling the running track both inside and out.
Cummings arrived at 5:30 pm and walked two laps of the track. George, caught in traffic, arrived shortly before 6:00 pm and climbed over the crowd with a ladder as the risk of injury pushing through the crowd was too great. Nevertheless, both runners had to force their way through the crowds with their handlers.
Betting was heavy, with Cummings favoured over George. At the gun, George dashed ahead, with Cummings close behind, in a steady rain. Cummings, who had won the coin toss, had chosen the third-of-a-mile rectangular cinder track at the site over the favoured quarter-mile cycling track. At the quarter mile point of the race, hindered by the slow track with sharp corners, George led with 58, a torrid pace which the crowd enthusiastically cheered.
But Cummings was close enough to be able to touch George's heels with his fingertips. At the half-mile point, they were at 2:01, and the crowd went delirious. At 1,000 yards, Cummings pulled even. At the three-quarter mark, George was at 3:07½, only half a second slower than the world record pace.
Instead of slowing, George kept the pace, and Cummings struggled to keep up. Halfway through the final lap, Cummings gave up and started to walk, and since winning was the main concern today, George slowed to a walk when he was far enough ahead. Cummings, urged by his boosters, started to run again, which caused George to start to run again. He beat Cummings by some 65 yards in a time of 4:20, remarkably fast given his leisurely last lap.
Cummings got revenge later in 1885 by badly defeating George in a four-mile challenge race at Powderhall Grounds in Edinburgh, and in a 10-mile challenge soon after that back at Lillie Bridge.
1886 challenge mile.
Their most famous encounter occurred in 1886, a rematch of their 1885 mile challenge. On 23 August, again at Lillie Bridge, the two runners raced each other in front of 20,000 spectators.
The starting gun was fired by former two-mile record-holder Jack White and George, as he did the year before, led off. The first lap was in 58¼. Cummings followed closely, looking relaxed. At the half, George was at 2:01¾. As they completed the third lap, neither runner looked weak. As they passed three-quarters in 3:07¾, Cummings pulled up alongside George and the crowd went wild.
Cummings launched a kick with 350 yards to go and opened an eight-yard lead. George held back, sure that Cummings could not hold the pace. Sure enough, George closed the gap, came even and then pulled ahead by two yards. Then, Cummings collapsed and George coasted to the finish.
The spectators, in contrast to the congratulatory mob which surrounded George the previous year upon his victory, waited silently for the time to be written on the blackboard. When the time was written down - 4:12¾ - pandemondium broke out. Cummings' record was gone. And George's mark would not be surpassed for almost 30 years.
Cummings got some revenge on George by defeating him in a four-mile challenge race, but in a 10-mile challenge George lapped Cummings, who was forced to drop out. In 1888, Cummings defeated George in a 3/4 mile race and two one mile races, though neither time was faster than 4:30.
George met Myers again in Australia in 1887, beating him in all but the 880 yards.
Though George's 4:12¾ was impressive, he ran some time trials in 1885 which were truly remarkable. In the first, two weeks before his professional debut against Cummings, he ran a 4:14½. Then, in Surbiton several days before the big race, he ran against some local runners with handicaps. His splits were 58, 1:58 and 3:07. He finished in a startling 4:10. Not believing their watches, the track was immediately measured. He had run six yards too far. No man would run the mile faster until 1931.
In 2010, he was inducted into the England Athletics Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9848716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848716" title="WTMA">
WTMA

WTMA (branded as 1250 WTMA: The Big Talker) is an AM radio station serving the Charleston market area with a News/Talk format. This station operates on AM frequency 1250 kHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
History.
WTMA began its broadcasting activities on June 16, 1939 as an NBC affiliate and is the Charleston, SC area's second oldest AM radio station, and of those two, the only one to maintain its current call letters. From the early '60s through 1981 it broadcast a Top 40 format but like many other AM Top 40 stations switched to an adult contemporary format until 1986 when FM became more popular. It tried a couple different formats including an R&B-flavored oldies format and country music until on June 1, 1989 it switched to a news/talk radio format. WTMA has since then maintained its news/talk format, as a Citadel Broadcasting Owned and Operated station, from ABC News and its own local team. It provides news for Columbia radio station WISW and receives weather from WCIV.
In May 1999, WTMA lost Rush Limbaugh and Dr. Laura to newcomer WSCC. Still, the station jumped from 13th to 7th in the morning and from 16th to 12th with 25-54 listeners. Program director Jason Wilmot said WTMA was still the number one station for news.
In 2002, it became the home of University of South Carolina Gamecock sports, and in November 2007, became the exclusive home of Gamecock sports in the Charleston area, as cluster-mate WNKT (which carried only the USC football games) was moved out to Eastover (in the Columbia market). WTMA broadcasts with 5,000 non-directional watts of power during the day, 1,000 directional watts of power at night. 
Citadel merged with Cumulus Media on September 16, 2011. 
Programming on the station includes Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, Geraldo Rivera and Mike Huckabee. Neal Boortz aired on the station prior to August 2012.
In 2012, Tara Servatius moved from WRNN-FM in Myrtle Beach to host "Tara on TMA", a morning show.

</doc>
<doc id="9848778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848778" title="Gold FM (Sri Lanka)">
Gold FM (Sri Lanka)

Gold FM is one of the retro stations in Sri Lanka. The station was launched in September 1998. Catering to a mature audience, Gold FM plays music from the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. Gold FM broadcasts live from the 35th Floor of the World Trade Center. The station broadcasts on 93.0 & 93.2 FM in Sri Lanka. Gold FM is a part of the ABC Radio Network.

</doc>
<doc id="9848785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848785" title="Muscat Securities Market">
Muscat Securities Market

The Muscat Securities Market (MSM, ) is the only stock exchange in Oman. It was established by the Royal Decree (53/88) issued on 21 June 1988, to regulate and control the Omani securities market and to participate, effectively, with other organizations for setting up the infrastructure of the Sultanate's financial sector.
After ten years of continuous growth, there was a need for a better functioning of the market. Thus MSM has been restructured by two Royal Decrees (80/98) and (82/98).
The Royal Decree (80/98) dated November 9, 1998, which promulgated the new Capital Market Law, provides for the establishment of two separate entities, an exchange, Muscat Securities Market (MSM), where all listed securities shall be traded, and the Capital Market Authority(CMA) - the regulatory. The exchange is a governmental entity, financially and administratively independent from the regulatory but subject to its supervision. Thus the securities industry in Oman was well established to enhance investors' confidence by developing and improving all the processes appertaining to the stock market.
As a continuing process in the development of the securities market, the MSM has developed its regulations to provide information and financial data relating to the performance of the Market and all listed companies directly to investors through a highly advanced electronic trading system. This will not only ensure transparency of dealings which is considered to be one of the main principles of fair trading, but will encourage investors to make the right investment decision at the right time.
The Market has developed its existing system of clearance and settlement, by introducing a new mechanism for ensuring stable dealings in securities, as well as providing a better environment attracting foreign investment into Oman.
The former settlement mechanism was involving only three parties in the clearance and settlement: MSM, Muscat Clearing and Depository Company (S.A.O.C) and the brokers. The newly introduced settlement formula is through a settlement bank (Central Bank) with a Settlement Guarantee Fund (SGF).
SGF has been established with the contribution of all intermediary companies. It aims to guarantee continuation of settlement processes among intermediaries. Where any of the intermediaries is unable to provide the settlement amount, the SGF would transfer the deficit to the settlement bank on behalf of the intermediary and then collect the same from the intermediary. Thus the settlement would be smoothly completed.
Market classification.
The regular market has strict listing requirements. For listing on this market, companies must have a solid record of profitability.
The parallel market has relatively fewer requirements, and is therefore easier for companies to list on, especially the newly established ones. The third market consists of companies that are facing financial difficulties.
Market sectors.
MSM listed companies are from three sectors: banking and investment, services and insurance, and industry.
Legislative structure.
From its inception, Muscat Securities Market has issued instructions and regulations as required to ensure that it attains its objectives and performs its duties and responsibilities with the utmost efficiency and fairness, and in conformity with technical platform of the new electronic trading system, with intensive working on solid infrastructure enabling trading through the Internet.
MSM-30 index.
Muscat Securities Market Index was established in 1992, and the base date was June 1990. The number of companies included in the index sample has changed overtime to reach currently 30 companies, the most liquid in the market.
The main objectives of the MSM 30 are to represent the price movement of the listed shares objectively and to be a benchmark for individual and institutional investors which guides them through their investment processes. To achieve these objectives, the MSM 30 has the following features:
1. Freely available shares for trading are included only. Any shares which fall under the following will be excluded:
Founders (exclusion ends when the company issues two balance sheets for two consecutive financial years);
Government holdings;
Strategic holdings (10% or more);
Locked-in shares, which are not tradable for at least 3 months. 
2. A 10% capping (CAP) is set to ensure wider representation of smaller companies in the index.
3. The free float and capping has been revised (re-set) on a quarterly basis. The revision is conducted quarterly, by end of March, June, September and December. The index sample amendment, on the other hand, takes place in the beginning of July of each year. The sample is selected based on the applicable selection criteria (market capitalization, liquidity, and earnings per share).
The MSM 30 index contains three-sub indices representing the three sectors (Banking & Investment, Industry & Services, and Insurance).
Technology.
In the area of information technology, the Market finalized the procedures with regard to the replacement of the present trading system, which has been operating since 1998, with a more efficient system from Atos Euronext France, which is a very sophisticated system used in many developed markets. The new system ensures provision of the data and information immediately for the supervisory authorities, to enable them activating the regulatory role in trading. The new system broadcasts the trading data immediately to all users and enables the market to add many investment instruments in the future and to make an easy link with the other stock markets in the GCC and other countries. The new system is also expected to make the information dissemination more efficient.
Certification.
Muscat Securities Market has been awarded certification for "Trading of Securities"
Muscat securities Market has been awarded certification for "INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM".
Hours.
Normal trading sessions are from 10:00 to 13:00 every day except Fridays, Saturdays and official holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="9848787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848787" title="WXTC">
WXTC

WXTC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848791" title="Fish counter">
Fish counter

Automatic fish counters are automatic devices for measuring the number of fish passing along a particular river in a particular period of time. Usually one particular species is of interest.
One important species studied by fish counters are Atlantic salmon. This species is of interest owing to its ecologically vulnerable status and anadromous lifestyles.
Methods of operation.
Fish counters can be divided into three principal types: resistive counters, optical counters, and hydroacoustic counters.
Resistive counters.
A resistive counter is associated with an in-river structure, such as a Crump weir. The resistivity of a fish is lower than that of water. So, as fish cross this barrier, they pass embedded electrodes, and the difference in resistivity disturbs the field established in the vicinity of the electrodes, altering inter-electrode resistance. With three electrodes these disturbances can then be measured by a Wheatstone bridge, or other means, to detect the size and direction of travel of the fish.
Fish counters of this type are used widely in Scotland to census populations of Atlantic salmon, where comparison with closed circuit television shows around a 97% detection rate.
Optical counters.
An optical counter is also associated with an in-river structure. However, rather than pass electrodes, in an optical counter the fish interrupt some of a number of vertically arranged beams of light. The pattern of beam-breaks can be used to determine the size, profile, and direction of motion of the fish.
Infrared light is used to minimize the disturbance of the fish as they won´t see the light when they pass through the counter. When a fish swims through the net of light beams, the resulting silhouette image is used to count and estimate the size of each fish. Each individual image is memorized in the control unit so that the counting can be verified afterwards.
Some systems such as the Riverwatcher use the infrared scanner to trigger a digital camera to capture between 1 and 5 photos or a short video clip of each fish. The computer then automatically links the images to other information contained in the database for that individual fish such as size, passing hour, speed, silhouette image, temperature etc.
The camera is installed in a special tunnel that contains both the camera and lights providing constant light and same distance from the camera for the fish. That way it is possible to get good images of the fish regardless of time of day.
The performance of optical counters has been determined by studies, under various conditions, to be greater than 90%. Optical counters can also distinguish the size of fish more accurately than other counter types and so are particularly useful where a mixture of species inhabit a river (for example rivers where salmon mix with sea trout).
The key disadvantage of optical counters is the small penetration of the beams through the water, restricting their use to narrow river features or in-river structures, such as fish ladders.
Hydroacoustic counters.
Hydroacoustic counters operate using the principles of sonar. A fish is insonified by a sound source, and reflections from the fish are detected by an underwater microphone. The reflection occurs because of the sudden change in impedance to sound waves within the fish, particularly at the swimbladder (90% of the reflection).
Hydroacoustic counters do not require in-river structures, but require skilled installation and operators. Without skilled installation at ideal sites hydroacoustic counters can be inaccurate. Studies typically indicate detection rates of 50% to 80%, though one study found detection rates as low as 3%. Careful planning and pre-siting study must be used to determine effectiveness.
The lack of a requirement for any in-river structure makes the counters an attractive proposition. Generally used for short-term or seasonal studies, some situations require a long-term count which is accurate in absolute terms, not only in relative change (for example, no hydroacoustic sensors are routinely used in the detection of Scottish Atlantic salmon). In these instances resistivity or optical sensors tend to be preferred. Such methods usually require significant habitat modification, such as construction of a weir to funnel the fish through the counter. 
Recent advances in automated hydroacoustic monitoring systems has allowed continuous monitoring for periods exceeding 18 months. These systems include intelligent monitoring and real-time data processing, ensuring proper operation and publication of status and results (e.g. fish counts) on a routine basis.
Siting counters.
In river structures.
Resistivity and (particularly) optical fish counters require in-river structures to direct the fish through the detection aperture of the counter. Fish ladders and Borland fish passes are effective structures for this purpose and occasionally a natural restriction within the river may be used for a similar purpose. However for most counters a custom in-river structure will be required. One of the most effective such structures is the Crump weir, a triangular profile weir designed to ensure rapid planar flow over the detector.
Siting within the river system.
When monitoring anadromous fish such as the Atlantic salmon it is important to remember that a species may return to a particular breeding ground throughout its life. This means that within the larger rivers a number of quite distinct populations may cross a counter together, in aggregate. A population which uses a particular tributary may collapse whilst the overall numbers are not clearly affected. Issues with the management of that particular tributary and population therefore go unnoticed. It is important in these situations, therefore, that counters are placed to count individual populations, rather than the species in aggregate, in order that population collapses and recoveries can be detected.
Alternative methods.
The results of automatic fish counters can be supplemented, confirmed, or replaced by a number of alternative techniques, varying in accuracy, cost, complexity, and skew effects.

</doc>
<doc id="9848805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848805" title="Bad Boys II (soundtrack)">
Bad Boys II (soundtrack)

Bad Boys II is the soundtrack to the 2003 action-comedy film "Bad Boys II", released on July 15, 2003 through Bad Boy and Universal Records. The album peaked at number one on the "Billboard" 200, selling 324,000 units in the first week, becoming one of few soundtracks to reach the position. On August 21, 2003, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the album platinum with over one million units shipped.
The first single, Jay-Z's "La-La-La", is a remix of "Excuse Me Miss" from his album "". The second single, "Shake Ya Tailfeather", by Nelly, P. Diddy, and Murphy Lee, reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and it won Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 46th Grammy Awards.
Background.
The soundtrack became the first album to be released under the Bad Boy Records and Universal Records partnership. As the album's executive producer, P. Diddy stated:
P. Diddy shared his views on the album, saying "it's not just one of those soundtracks where it's just a compilation record and it's not cohesive... These are all new songs. I've done a lot of work I've produced almost everybody that's on the soundtrack, or I've paired on a record with them before. I'm in constant contact with them. I think that everyone respected the fact that I wanted to do something that was special".
Reception.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. Allmusic noted that it is rare for a hip hop movie soundtrack to "be explosive and feel as if it's a solid cohesive album, rather than a showcase for various artists to use throwaway tracks". "Rolling Stone" concurred, saying "this is how to do a hip-hop soundtrack". "Blender" magazine observed that the record is "riddled with stars", "packed with production pyrotechnics", and called the album "pure Hollywood".
Credits.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="9848809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848809" title="The Human Operators">
The Human Operators

The Human Operators is the seventh episode of season five of the revived 1960s science-fiction television series "The Outer Limits". It is based on a science fiction short story by A. E. van Vogt and Harlan Ellison, first published in the January 1971 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It first aired on 12 March 1999.
Introduction.
A man is awakened by a starship's computer, to once again do its bidding.
Plot.
Humanity constructs advanced military spacecraft, but the ships learn to think for themselves. They kill their crews by disengaging the life support systems. However, they keep a small number of humans alive for repairs they cannot do themselves. 
One such ship, "Starfighter 31", carries a father and his son, but once the father discovers that he is nothing more than a slave, he attempts to cripple the ship's computer core and is killed in the process of successfully destroying one of several spheres that apparently are critical to the core systems; in that way the ship cannot deactivate its automated defenses. This is witnessed by his son through the hatch doors. 
Once the son reaches adulthood and is able to fix the core systems (so that ship can deactivate its defenses), "Starship 31" rendezvous with "Starship 88", whose single young female crew member is brought aboard in order to mate with him and conceive a child. The male is shown what to do by the ship through "tutorials" and with guidance from the female. He falls in love with her, and due to her effect on him, he finds himself angering the ship on numerous occasions. At one point, they are both "racked"; they are subjected to electric shocks, despite the risk of her having a miscarriage. When she becomes pregnant with a girl, she is told to return to her own ship. He is threatened with death in the rack if he attempts to keep her aboard. 
He eventually comes to the same realization as his father, that he is nothing more than a slave. He sabotages the rack because its circuitry is connected to the computer core. This gives him an excuse to gain access the computer core. He destroys the primary control systems, then straps himself in while the ship tries to kill him with extreme maneuvers. This destroys most of the ship's aged systems. 
Afterward the woman returns aboard her ship. Sometime in the past, her ship's computer core shut down, due to age or malfunction. While at first she was afraid that she was now all alone, she came to realize that she was free. She was able to repair her ship's drive and navigational systems, and fooled other starships into believing her craft was still "alive". She tells him that she left subtle clues as to how to free himself, as she did with three other crews on other craft, but he is the first to do so.
They return to what might have been Earth, based on a picture of a sunset the man had kept hidden in his communication device. They stand on a beach, with her visibly pregnant. The two of them decide to attempt to free the humans on the other ships after spending time together to enjoy their newfound freedom.
Connections to other episodes.
The starships that appear in this episode were originally built for the war against the Kyben, as detailed in the original series episode "Demon with a Glass Hand" (also written by Harlan Ellison).

</doc>
<doc id="9848815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848815" title="Motion to suppress">
Motion to suppress

In common law legal systems, a motion to suppress is a formal, written request to a judge for an order that certain evidence be excluded from consideration by the judge or jury at trial. In the United States, the term "motion to suppress" typically encompasses motions in criminal cases where the proposed basis for exclusion arises from the United States Constitution, a state constitution, or a specific statute permitting the exclusion of certain types of evidence (for instance, a complaint that police procedures in a given case violated the defendant's Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures).
A motion to exclude evidence where the proposed basis for exclusion arises from the rules of evidence is more commonly termed a motion in limine.

</doc>
<doc id="9848826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848826" title="Abraham Prescott">
Abraham Prescott

Abraham Prescott was a noted luthier, particularly of the double bass, who worked in Deerfield and Concord, New Hampshire during the 19th century. Prescott built his first double bass in 1819, building 207 over the course of his career.
Prescott and his apprentices also made hundreds of church basses in addition to violoncellos, violins, and keyboard instruments such as melodians.
Prescott basses are prized by professional musicians throughout the United States. One particularly famous Prescott bass was owned by jazz legend Scott LaFaro. The bass was damaged in the auto accident that killed LaFaro in 1961. It was later restored by Barrie Kolstein and is currently owned by Kolstein and Son, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="9848847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848847" title="Six Songs of Hellcity Trendkill">
Six Songs of Hellcity Trendkill

Six Songs of Hellcity Trendkill is an EP by the Finnish rock band Private Line. It was released in Finland in December 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9848866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848866" title="A Big 10-8 Place">
A Big 10-8 Place

A Big 10-8 Place is Negativland's 3rd album, which is a concept album released in 1983. This was the first album with the involvement of band member Don Joyce. The album's title is a reference to the radio ten-code "10-8", which means "back in service" or "available for next call" in the context of common CB radio usage. The lyrics and collage sound clips on the album make frequent reference to the CB radio hobby, as well as mischief like jamming.
The original release had unusual packaging, and included a small plastic bag of lawn clippings (or mulch), a "No Other Possibility" bumper sticker, and a map of Contra Costa county, where the band originated. Contra Costa county is frequently mentioned on the track "180-G, a Big 10-8 Place, Pt. Two."
The album was re-released by Seeland Records, then with distribution from Mordam Records, in 1994. It was re-released again in 2007 by Seeland, packaged with a DVD release of No Other Possibility, Negativland's 1989 video release. 

</doc>
<doc id="9848870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848870" title="Energy efficiency in transportation">
Energy efficiency in transportation

The energy efficiency of different types of transportation ranges from some hundred kilojoules per kilometre for a bicycle to several megajoules for a helicopter.
Efficiency can be expressed in terms of:
Transportation types.
For freight transport, rail and ship transport are generally much more efficient than trucking, and air freight is much less efficient.
Walking.
A person walking at requires approximately of food energy per hour, which is equivalent to 4.55 km/MJ. 1 US gallon (3.8 L) of gasoline contains about of energy, so this is approximately equivalent to .
Velomobile.
Velomobiles seem to have the highest energy efficiency in personal transportation. At a speed of the WAW manufacturer claims they need only 0.5 kW·h of food energy per 100 km to transport the passenger, which is around 1/5 (20%) of a normal bicycle, and 1/50 (2%) of an average fossil fuel or electric car. This corresponds to 4700 miles per US gallon (2000 km/L or 0.05 L/100 km). Other sources give a figure of 1/3.4 (29.5%) of the energy efficiency of a normal bicycle.
Bicycling.
A relatively light and slow vehicle with low-friction tires and an efficient chain-driven drivetrain, the bicycle is one of the most energy-efficient forms of transport. A cyclist riding at requires about half the energy per unit distance of walking: 43 kcal/mi, 27 kcal/km or per 100 km. This converts to about . This figure depends on the speed and mass of the rider: greater speeds give higher air drag and heavier riders consume more energy per unit distance.
A motorized bicycle such as the Velosolex allows human power and the assistance of a engine, giving a range of . Electric pedal-assisted bikes run on as little as per 100 km, while maintaining speeds in excess of . These best-case figures rely on a human doing 70% of the work, with around per 100 km coming from the motor.
Human power.
Including the human energy dramatically changes the efficiency of cycles quoted above. As with walking, this would include the increase in food consumption due to caloric efficiency of human muscle and cardiovascular efficiency. However, only the rise in food consumption above the diet of a non-cyclist should be considered.
To be thorough, a comparison must also consider the energy costs of producing, transporting and packaging of fuel (food or fossil fuel), the energy incurred in disposing of exhaust waste, and the energy costs of manufacturing the vehicle. This last can be significant given that walking requires little or no special equipment, while automobiles, for example, require a great deal of energy to produce and have relatively short lifespans. In addition, any comparison of electric vehicles and liquid-fuelled vehicles must include the fuel consumed in the power station to generate the electricity. In the UK for instance the efficiency of the electricity generation and distribution system is around 0.40.
Automobiles.
Automobile fuel efficiency is most commonly expressed in terms of the volume of fuel consumed per one hundred kilometres (L/100 km), but in some countries (including the USA, UK and India) it is more commonly expressed in terms of the distance per volume fuel consumed (km/L or miles per US or imperial gallon). This is complicated by the different energy content of fuels such as petrol and diesel. The Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) states that the energy content of unleaded gasoline is 115,000 BTU per US gallon (32 MJ/L) compared to 130,500 BTU per US gallon (36.4 MJ/L) for diesel.
A second important consideration is the energy costs of producing energy. Bio-fuels, electricity and hydrogen, for instance, have significant energy inputs in their production. Because of this, the 50-70% efficiency of hydrogen production has to be combined with the vehicle efficiency to yield net efficiency.
A third consideration to take into account is the occupancy rate of the vehicle. As the number of passengers per vehicle increases the consumption per unit distance per vehicle increases. However this increase is slight compared to the reduction in consumption per unit distance per passenger. We can compare, for instance, the estimated average occupancy rate of about 1.3 passengers per car in the San Francisco Bay Area to the 2006 UK estimated average of 1.58.
Finally, vehicle energy efficiency calculations would be misleading without factoring the energy cost of producing the vehicle itself. This initial energy cost can of course be depreciated over the life of the vehicle to calculate an average energy efficiency over its effective life span. In other words, vehicles that take a lot of energy to produce and are used for relatively short periods will require a great deal more energy over their effective lifespan than those that do not, and are therefore much less energy efficient than they may otherwise seem. Compare, for example, walking, which requires no special equipment at all, and an automobile, produced in and shipped from another country, and made from parts manufactured around the world from raw materials and minerals mined and processed elsewhere again, and used for a limited number of years.
It has been researched that driving practices and vehicles can be modified to improve their energy efficiency by about 15%, or so.,
Aircraft.
A principal determinant of energy consumption in aircraft is drag, which must be opposed by thrust for the aircraft to progress.
Passenger airplanes averaged 4.8 l/100 km per passenger (1.4 MJ/passenger-km) (49 passenger-miles per gallon) in 1998. Note that on average 20% of seats are left unoccupied. Jet aircraft efficiencies are improving: Between 1960 and 2000 there was a 55% overall fuel efficiency gain (if one were to exclude the inefficient and limited fleet of the DH Comet 4 and to consider the Boeing 707 as the base case). Most of the improvements in efficiency were gained in the first decade when jet craft first came into widespread commercial use. Compared to the most advanced turboprop aircraft of the 1950s, the modern aircraft is only marginally more efficient per passenger-mile. Between 1971 and 1998 the fleet-average annual improvement per available seat-kilometre was estimated at 2.4%. Concorde the supersonic transport managed about 17 passenger-miles to the Imperial gallon; similar to a business jet, but much worse than a subsonic turbofan aircraft. Airbus states a fuel rate consumption of their A380 at less than 3 l/100 km per passenger (78 passenger-miles per US gallon).
As over 80% of the fully laden take-off weight of a modern aircraft such as the Airbus A380 is craft and fuel, there remains considerable room for future improvements in fuel efficiency. The mass of an aircraft can be reduced by using light-weight materials such as titanium, carbon fiber and other composite plastics. Expensive materials may be used, if the reduction of mass justifies the price of materials through improved fuel efficiency. The improvements achieved in fuel efficiency by mass reduction, reduces the amount of fuel that needs to be carried. This further reduces the mass of the aircraft and therefore enables further gains in fuel efficiency. For example, the Airbus A380 design includes multiple light-weight materials.
Airbus has showcased wingtip devices (sharklets or winglets) that can achieve 3.5 percent reduction in fuel consumption. There are wingtip devices on the Airbus A380. Further developed Minix winglets have been said to offer 6 percent reduction in fuel consumption. Winglets at the tip of an aircraft wing, can be retrofitted to any airplane, and smooths out the wing-tip vortex, reducing the aircraft's wing drag.
NASA and Boeing are conducting tests on a "blended wing" aircraft. This design allows for greater fuel efficiency since the whole craft produces lift, not just the wings. The blended wing body (BWB) concept offers advantages in structural, aerodynamic and operating efficiencies over today's more conventional fuselage-and-wing designs. These features translate into greater range, fuel economy, reliability and life cycle savings, as well as lower manufacturing costs. NASA has created a cruise efficient STOL (CESTOL) concept.
Fraunhofer Institute for Manufacturing Engineering and Applied Materials Research (IFAM) have researched a shark skin imitating paint that would reduce drag through a riblet effect. Aircraft are a major potential application for new technologies such as aluminium metal foam and nanotechnology such as the shark skin imitating paint.
Propfan propulsors are a more fuel efficient technology than jets or turboprops, but turboprops have an optimum speed below about 450 mph (700 km/h). This speed is less than used with jets by major airlines today. However, the decrease in speed reduces drag. With the current high price for jet fuel and the emphasis on engine/airframe efficiency to reduce emissions, there is renewed interest in the propfan concept for jetliners that might come into service beyond the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350XWB. For instance, Airbus has patented aircraft designs with twin rear-mounted counter-rotating propfans. NASA has conducted an Advanced Turboprop Project (ATP), where they researched a variable pitch propfan that produced less noise and achieved high speeds.
Related to fuel efficiency is the impact of aviation emissions on climate.
Ships.
Queen Elizabeth.
Cunard states that the RMS Queen Elizabeth 2 travels 49.5 feet per imperial gallon of diesel oil (3.32 m/l or 41.2 ft/US gal), and that it has a passenger capacity of 1777. Thus carrying 1777 passengers we can calculate an efficiency of 16.7 passenger miles per imperial gallon (16.9 l/100 p·km or 13.9 p·mpg–US).
Emma Maersk.
Emma Maersk uses a Wärtsilä-Sulzer RTA96-C, which consumes 163 g/kW·h and 13,000 kg/h. If it carries 13,000 containers then 1 kg fuel transports one container for one hour over a distance of 45 km. The ship takes 18 days from Tanjung (Singapore) to Rotterdam (Netherlands), 11 from Tanjung to Suez, and 7 from Suez to Rotterdam, which is roughly 430 hours, and has 80 MW, +30 MW. 18 days at a mean speed of gives a total distance of .
Sailboats.
A sailboat, much like a solar car, can consume no fuel when sailing. The fuel efficiency of a single-occupancy boat is highly dependent on the size of its engine, the speed at which it travels, and its displacement. Due to the high viscosity of water, with a single passenger the equivalent energy efficiency will be lower than in a car, train, or plane.
Trains.
Trains can be an efficient means of transport for freight and passengers. Efficiency varies significantly with passenger loads and, losses incurred in electricity generation and supply (for electrified systems), and, importantly, end-to-end delivery, where stations are not the originating final destinations of a journey.
Actual consumption depends on gradients, maximum speeds, loading and stopping patterns. Data produced for the European MEET project (Methodologies for Estimating Air Pollutant Emissions) illustrate the different consumption patterns over several track sections. The results show the consumption for a German ICE high-speed train varied from around . The data also reflects the weight of the train per passenger. For example, TGV double-deck Duplex trains use lightweight materials, which keep axle loads down and reduce damage to track and also save energy.
Freight.
Energy consumption estimates for rail freight vary widely, and many are provided by interested parties. Some are tabulated below.
Passenger.
Considering only the energy spent to move the train, and taking as example the urban area of Lisbon, train seems to be on average 20 times more efficient than automobile for transportation of passengers, if we consider energy spent per passenger-km. Considering an automobile which has a consumptions of around of gasoline, the fact the on average cars in Europe have an occupation ratio of around 1.2 passengers per automobile and that one litre of gasoline amounts for about 8826 Wh, one gets on average per passenger-km. On the other hand, a modern urban train with an average occupation of 20% of total capacity, which has a consumption of about , one gets 21.5 Wh per passenger-km, 20 times less than the automobile.
Braking losses.
Stopping is a considerable source of inefficiency. Modern electric trains like the "Shinkansen" (the "Bullet Train") use regenerative braking to return current into the catenary while they brake. A Siemens study indicated that regenerative braking might recover 41.6% of the total energy consumed. The Passenger Rail (Urban and Intercity) and Scheduled Intercity and All Charter Bus Industries Technological and Operational Improvements - FINAL REPORT states that "Commuter operations can dissipate more than half of their total traction energy in braking for stops." and that "We estimate hotel power to be 35 percent (but it could possibly be as high as 45 percent) of total energy consumed by commuter railways." Having to accelerate and decelerate a heavy train load of people at every stop is inefficient despite regenerative braking which can recover typically around 20% of the energy wasted in braking. Weight is a determinant of braking losses.
Other references.
AEA study of road and rail for the United Kingdom Department for Transport: Final report
Rockets.
Unlike other forms of transportation, rockets are commonly designed for putting objects into orbit. Once in sufficiently high orbit, objects have almost negligible air drag, and the orbits decay so slowly that a satellite can be still orbiting decades after launch. For these reasons rocket and space propulsion efficiency is rarely measured in terms of distance per unit of fuel, but in terms of specific impulse which gives how much change in momentum (i.e. impulse) can be obtained from a unit of propellant.
NASA's space shuttle fires its engines for around 8.5 minutes, consuming 1,000 tons of solid propellant (containing 16% aluminium) and an additional 2,000,000 litres of liquid propellant (106,261 kg of liquid hydrogen) to lift the 100,000 kg vehicle (including the 25,000 kg payload) to an altitude of 111 km and an orbital velocity of 30,000 km/h. With a specific energy of 31MJ/kg for aluminum and 143 MJ/kg for liquid hydrogen, the vehicle consumes around 5 TJ of solid propellant and 15 TJ of hydrogen fuel.
Once in orbit at 200 km and around 7.8 km/s velocity, the orbiter requires no further energy: it has kinetic energy of about 3 TJ and potential energy of roughly 200 GJ. Given the energy input of 20 TJ, the shuttle is about 16% energy efficient at launching the orbiter and payload just 4% efficiency if the payload alone is considered.
If the Space Shuttle were used to transport people or freight from a point to another on the Earth, using the theoretical largest ground distance (antipodal) flight of 20,000 km, energy usage would be about 40 kJ/km/kg of payload.
International transport comparisons.
UK Public transport.
Rail and bus are generally required to serve 'off peak' and rural services, which by their nature have lower loads than city bus routes and inter city train lines. Moreover, due to their 'walk on' ticketing it is much harder to match daily demand and passenger numbers. As a consequence, the overall load factor on UK railways is 35% or 90 people per train:
Conversely, Air services work on point-to-point networks between large population centres and are 'pre-book' in nature. Using yield management overall loads can be raised to around 70-90%. However, recently intercity train operators have been using similar techniques, with loads reaching typically 71% overall for TGV services in France and a similar figure for the UK's Virgin trains services.
For emissions, the electricity generating source needs to be taken into account.
US Passenger transportation.
The US Transportation Energy Data Book states the following figures for
passenger transportation in 2009:
US Freight transportation.
The US Transportation Energy book states the following figures for freight transportation in 2010:
From 1960 to 2010 the efficiency of air freight has increased 75%, mostly due to more efficient jet engines.
1 US gal (3.785 l, 0.833 imp gal) of fuel can move a ton of cargo by barge, or by rail, or by truck.
Compare:
Canadian transportation.
Natural Resources Canada's Office of Energy Efficiency publishes annual statistics regarding the efficiency of the entire Canadian fleet. For researchers, these fuel consumption estimates are more realistic than the fuel consumption ratings of new vehicles, as they represent the real world driving conditions, including extreme weather and traffic. The annual report is called Energy Efficiency Trends Analysis. There are dozens of tables illustrating trends in energy consumption expressed in energy per passenger km (passengers) or energy per tonne km (freight).
Caveats.
<br clear = all>
Comparing fuel efficiency in transportation has several challenges:

</doc>
<doc id="9848889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848889" title="William J. Biggy">
William J. Biggy

William J. Biggy (died December 1, 1908 in the San Francisco Bay, near Alcatraz) was San Francisco Chief of Police 1907 - 08.
He was appointed Chief of Police by Mayor Edward Robeson Taylor. Upon elevation to the position of Chief, Biggy declared, as do most new chiefs in San Francisco, that he would "clean up" the department. Declaring a "shake-up" the department has not experienced in many years on his first day in office. One of his first acts was to demote his predecessor, Chief Jeremiah F. Dinan to the rank of patrolman. (New York Times, September 21, 1907 pg. 1)
The "San Francisco Examiner" published on June 15, 1908 the following news: To curtail speeders, San Francisco Police Chief William Biggy orders his mounted officers to lasso drivers who break the speed law and ignore the demand to "halt."
During the San Francisco graft prosecutions, Biggy was appointed Elisor by the court to hold Abraham Ruef in custody, which lasted more than a year, first in the temporary "little" Saint Francis Hotel and later in a house at 2849 Fillmore Street, after the sheriff and the coroner were disqualified.
After the non-fatal shooting of special prosecutor Francis J. Heney by an excused juror named Morris Haas, embarrassed by Heney as an ex-con during jury selection in the bribery trial of Abe Ruef, Chief of Police Biggy endured public criticism for negligence for the fact that Haas had a small derringer and committed suicide under police watch. Upon falling out with the men supporting the graft prosecution, Biggy was placed under surveillance by detectives employed by William J. Burns, a special agent to the prosecution.
Biggy went overboard from a police launch during a nighttime crossing of San Francisco Bay from Belvedere to San Francisco after discussing his resignation with police commissioner Hugo Keil. His body was found floating in the bay two weeks later. Because Biggy, a devout Catholic, was considered an unlikely suicide, the Coroner's Jury returned a verdict of accidental death although many people believed that he had committed suicide and the death remains unsolved.
Sources.
Walton Bean: "Boss Ruef's San Francisco" - UC Press 1952 CA

</doc>
<doc id="9848903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848903" title="Howard Theatre">
Howard Theatre

The Howard Theatre is a historic theater, located at 620 T Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C. Opened in 1910, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.</ref>
In its heyday, the theater was known for catering to an African-American clientele, and had played host to many of the great black musical artists of the early and mid-twentieth century. The Howard Theatre was billed as the "Theater of the People", and supported two theatrical organizations, the Lafayette Players and the Howard University Players. In September 2010 extensive renovations were started to restore the theater to its former glory. The theater reopened on April 9, 2012 to headline acts like Wanda Sykes, Blue Oyster Cult, and Chaka Khan, all appearing in the first month since reopening. 
History.
Constructed in 1910, the theater was founded and owned by the National Amusement Company, a white-owned group. When built, it had a capacity of more than 1,200. Designed by J. Edward Storck, the theater featured orchestra and balcony seats and eight proscenium boxes, with a lavishly decorated interior. No less extravagant was the exterior, which combined elements of the Beaux-Arts, Italian Renaissance, and neoclassical styles. The whole was surmounted by a larger than life statue of Apollo playing his lyre.
Andrew Thomas served as the theater's manager during its early years. Beginning in 1922 it was leased and run by actor, producer, and entrepreneur Sherman Dudley. It was taken over in 1926 by Abe Lichtman, the white owner of a chain of movie theaters that were frequented by blacks. With the onset of the Great Depression, the building became a church for a time under the direction of Elder Michaux. In 1931, as part of the venue's return to its original purpose, Duke Ellington appeared with his band at "the Howard," helping also to cement the theater's reputation as an entertainment hotspot. This rebirth was helped along by Shep Allen, the building's new manager. In the 1930s Allen introduced an amateur contest that was used as a springboard to stardom by Billy Eckstine and Ella Fitzgerald.
The Howard Theatre lost its original ornate facade in 1941 when it was redone in the then-fashionable Streamline style. Franklin Delano Roosevelt and his wife Eleanor would attend balls at the theater during World War II. These balls featured performers like Danny Kaye, Abbott and Costello and Cesar Romero, among others. Also in the 1940s, Pearl Bailey made her debut at the Howard Theatre.
The Howard Theatre turned into a house for rock 'n' roll and rhythm and blues during the 1950s and 1960s, when many important acts from both genres played there. Among the acts to grace the stage were Sarah Vaughan, Dinah Washington, Sammy Davis, Jr., James Brown, Lena Horne, Lionel Hampton, The Supremes, Stevie Wonder, and Dionne Warwick. 
The 1968 riots, which followed the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., caused the venue a great deal of harm. The riots, coupled with desegregation, contributed to the theater's difficulty in attracting patrons, and the theater closed in 1970. Three years later, in 1973, the Howard Theatre Foundation was organized to reopen the venue. It was this organization which succeeded, in 1974, in gaining the building historic landmark status. In April 1975, the New Howard Theatre Corporation presented an evening of entertainment to salute the re-opening of the theater. Redd Foxx and Melba Moore were among the acts featured at the theater's reopening. Later in the decade, go-go bands played the venue, and Chuck Brown and the Soul Searchers also performed at the Howard Theatre in the 1970s and 1980s. In 1980, the theater closed again. At the time it was the oldest venue in the country that featured black artists. 
The DC Preservation League listed the Howard Theatre as one of its Most Endangered Places in the city in 2002. In September 2010, groundbreaking for extensive renovations of the theater was held. The project's goals were to restore the Howard Theatre to 600 seats, along with complementing developments at the adjacent Progression Place. Martinez + Johnson Architecture and Marshall Moya Design were responsible for the restoration, architecture, and design of the theater.
After a $29 million renovation, the theater reopened for Community Day on April 9, 2012. The grand opening event was held on April 10. Since its opening, it has hosted a diverse lineup of well-known acts, including Anthony Hamilton, Raheem DeVaughn, Chrisette Michele, Tamia, Dianne Reeves, Gregory Porter, Esperanza Spalding, José James, The Roots, Slick Rick, Drake, Chaka Khan, Aaron Neville, and Sheila E.

</doc>
<doc id="9848919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848919" title="Ed Ward">
Ed Ward

Ed Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848924" title="Khartoum Stock Exchange">
Khartoum Stock Exchange

The Khartoum Stock Exchange is the principal stock exchange of Sudan. It is located in Khartoum and its name is abbreviated to KSE. The principal stock index of the KSE is the Khartoum Index.
The idea of KSE started in 1962 by Ministry of finance, bank of Sudan and International Finance Corporation (IFC). On 1964 a department for government bonds was established within the Bank of Sudan for issuing bonds. In 1966 the first government bonds were issued with a par value of 15 million Sudanese pounds and ten years life. 
The 1982 Act to establish KSE did not succeed. However, a serious step was taken in 1992 to establish KSE which led to the formation of KSE’s board. It was in 1994 that KSE gained it’s independent legal entity after the endorsement of KSE Act. In 1994 the primary market activities started and the secondary market stated early in 1995.
The classifications of listed companies began in 1999. In 2001 Shahama certificates were introduced in KSE. Khartoum index was declared in 2003. In 2007, KSE joined Africa Market Union.
While the KSE has been growing rapidly over the last few years and has 53 listed companies worth around 5 Billion dollars, the stock exchange is open only one hour per day, Sunday through Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="9848946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848946" title="Michelle Page">
Michelle Page

Michelle Laone Page (born January 19, 1987) is an American actress.
Acting career.
Page began her career in professional theater at the age of 8, appearing in numerous major theatrical productions in Dallas and Ft. Worth. In Thornton Wilder's "Our Town," Michelle garnered praise by theater critics opening night in her lead role as Rebecca Gibbs. At age 15, her parents moved to Los Angeles, and she made her film debut with Sandra Bullock in '. Since, Page has appeared in such films as "I Know Who Killed Me", "Together Again For the First Time", "Sublime", and "Sensored" opposite Robert Picardo. Her television appearances include "Ghost Whisperer", "Saving Grace", "Cold Case", "The Mentalist", "Castle", "Standoff", "Bones", "Crossing Jordan", and '. Page has also appeared in several national commercials, including AT&T, Leapfrog Educational Computers, Radio Shack (with Vanessa L. Williams and Ving Rhames), Clean & Clear, Secure Horizons, Taco Bell (with famed boxer Evander Holyfield), and an anti-meth campaign for the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy.
References.
http://parx-e.com/?p=1734 Parx-e Interview 3/15/2007
http://parx-e.com/?p=1781 Parx-e Interview 9/5/2006

</doc>
<doc id="9848965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848965" title="Out of My Head">
Out of My Head

Out of My Head may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9848996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848996" title="Preston Bassett">
Preston Bassett

Preston Rogers Bassett (March 20, 1892 – April 30, 1992) was an inventor, engineer, and pioneer in instruments for aviation.
Biography.
Preston Rogers Bassett was born in Buffalo, New York, son of urban planner Edward Murray Bassett and Annie Preston Bassett. Geologist Isabel Bassett Wasson was his sister. He received an A.B. from Amherst College in 1913 and attended the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn in 1913-1914. He received two honorary degrees, an M.A. and a D.Sc., from Amherst College, and an honorary LLD from Adelphi College. He married Jeanne Reed Mordorf in 1919 and had four children. Jeanne Reed Mordorf was born November 1, 1893 in Trenton, NJ, graduated from Vassar College in 1915. They were married in Brooklyn May 24, 1919. Their home from 1925-1952 was 104 Broadway, Rockville Center, NY.
Career at Sperry.
Bassett worked for the Sperry Gyroscope Company for his whole career, where he rose from research engineer (1914) to Chief Engineer (1929), Vice-President in Charge of Engineering (1932), General Manager (1944), and President (1945-1956). He was also Vice President of the merged Sperry Corporation (1950-1957). He held 35 patents awarded between 1920 and 1937, including several for improved high-intensity carbon arc lights used in anti-aircraft searchlights and movie projectors. He helped Albert A. Michelson use arc light and gyroscope technology to measure the speed of light at Mount Wilson in June, 1924. He also developed the first soundproofing systems for airplanes and worked closely with Sperry founder Elmer Ambrose Sperry on several flight instruments based on gyroscopes, especially the gyrocompass, crucial to flying safely at night and in bad weather. The first blind landing (now called an instrument landing) was made by aviation pioneer Jimmy Doolittle in 1929 using Sperry instruments.
Later life and work.
Bassett's many interests in addition to aviation included antique collecting, early technology, and history of Long Island and New England. He was President of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences (1947), Nassau Historical Society (1947-1954), Friends of Old Bethpage Village (1966-1970), and Keeler Tavern Preservation Society in Ridgefield, Connecticut (1968-1972). He served as Vice President of the Society for the Preservation of Long Island Antiquities (1962-1972) and New York State Historical Association in Cooperstown, New York (1964-1975). He served as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn (1952-1961). He was a director of Abilities, Inc., a company that employed the handicapped. He was a fellow of the American Physical Society, American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and Institute of Aeronautical Sciences. He was a member of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) from 1954-1958, when it became the present National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). He was a keen observer of atmospheric phenomena encouraging others to look skyward to see the optical effects of clouds, raindrops, and ice crystals. He painted still lives and landscapes. He wrote books and articles on topics ranging from Long Island Craftsmen to Shadow Bands and Searchlights. His lectures to local groups on these topics were very popular. In his eighties and nineties he embarked on an “uncollecting” program in which he gave antiques to the Smithsonian Institution, Henry Ford Museum, Mead Art Museum, Old Bethpage Village, Farmers' Museum, Keeler Tavern, and others, always encouraging the museums to put his antiques into historical context. He died on April 30, 1992 at the age of 100.

</doc>
<doc id="9849035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849035" title="Helle Klein">
Helle Klein

Helle Louise Klein (born July 9, 1966) is a Swedish journalist and political commentator.
Helle Klein was born in Enskede in southern Stockholm. She is the granddaughter of the physicist Oskar Klein and the great granddaughter of the rabbi Gottlieb Klein. Helle Klein served as political editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Örebro-Kuriren" from 1991 to 1995. In 1995, she started to work as an editorial writer for "Aftonbladet", the largest newspaper in Sweden, where she was political editor-in-chief from 2001 to 2007. She was ordained priest in the Church of Sweden in January 2008.
Klein is a former member of the board of the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League (SSU).

</doc>
<doc id="9849039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849039" title="Xavier Coppolani">
Xavier Coppolani

Xavier Coppolani was a French military and colonial leader, who was instrumental in the colonial occupation and creation of modern-day Mauritania.
Born to Corsican parents in French-ruled Algeria, he was transferred to Senegal to lead the expansion of colonial rule north of the Senegal river, where Moorish tribes held firm against French rule. Their tribal rivalries provided Coppolani with an opportunity, and in 1901, he drew up a plan for moving into the territory with a combination of military and political strategies.
Alliances were drawn up with two of the main marabouts of the territory, Shaykh Sidya Baba and Shaykh Saad Bouh, local leaders of Qadiriyya Sufi brotherhoods. They were promised a dominant role in the colonial administration and protection for their Zawiya tribes against the attacks of Hassane warriors. In return they would use their religious influence to persuade the local emirs to accept French rule. With military pressure applied, the strategy worked, and the emirates of Tagant, Trarza and Brakna all accepted French rule in 1903-04. The last emirate, in the northern zone of Adrar, proved combative. It was also backed by a third influential Qadiriyya marabout, shaykh Ma al-'Aynayn, himself in turn supported by the Sultan of Morocco.
Coppolani was preparing to march on Adrar when he was assassinated in 1905, by a member of the shaykh's Gudfiyya brotherhood. The emirate was eventually defeated and forcibly incorporated into Mauritania in 1912, by General Gouraud, but tribal revolts and raids persisted until 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="9849046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849046" title="Grand Trunk Bridge">
Grand Trunk Bridge

Grand Trunk Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9849057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849057" title="Human Proteinpedia">
Human Proteinpedia

Human Proteinpedia is a portal for sharing and integration of human proteomic data. It allows research laboratories to contribute and maintain protein annotations. Human Protein Reference Database, (HPRD) integrates data, that is deposited in Human Proteinpedia along with the existing literature curated information at the context of an individual protein. In essence, researchers can add new data to HPRD by registering to Human Proteinpedia. The data deposited in Human Proteinpedia is freely available for download. Emphasizing the importance of proteomics data disposition to public repositories, "Nature Methods" recommends Human Proteinpedia in their editorial. More than 70 labs participate in this effort.
What data can be shared?
Data pertaining to post-translational modifications, protein-protein interactions, tissue expression, expression in cell lines, subcellular localization and enzyme substrate relationships can be submitted to Human Proteinpedia - Proteomics portal
Experimental platforms.
Protein annotations present in Human Proteinpedia are derived from a number of platforms such as
This portal that allows adding of protein information was developed as a collaborative effort between the laboratory of Dr. Akhilesh Pandey at Johns Hopkins University and the Institute of Bioinformatics
FAQs.
Any investigator who fulfills the following criteria can contribute data:
i) provides experimentally derived data, and,
ii) is willing to share data, and,
iii) is willing to be listed as the 'contributor' of the data
Anonymous contributions are not allowed. Contributor details should be clearly presented while contributing data.
Predictions of any type are not allowed. Contributed data should be derived experimentally and should be accompanied with experimental evidence.
The data are not subjected to peer review and the actual experimental data (raw or processed) should be provided.
In cases where a given entry is documented as erroneous, we will consult with the contributing group(s) about deleting the entry.

</doc>
<doc id="9849076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849076" title="University of Tennessee Press">
University of Tennessee Press

The University of Tennessee Press is a university press associated with the University of Tennessee.
UT Press was established in 1940 by the University of Tennessee Board of Trustees.
The University of Tennessee Press issues about 35 books each year. Its specialties include scholarly lists in African American studies, southern history, Appalachian studies, material culture, and literary studies, as well as books on regional topics written for general readers. 
Notable books about Tennessee or Appalachia that were issued by the Press include: 
Six UT Press books related to Appalachia, including the "Encyclopedia of Appalachia", have won the Appalachian Studies Association's annual Weatherford Award. 
Four UT Press books in the field of material culture have won the Abbott Lowell Cummings Award:
Some other noteworthy books that UT Press has published are:
A major online publication project of the UT Press is the "Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture", created in cooperation with the Tennessee Historical Society. When it first appeared in 2002, this was the second online state encyclopedia ever produced. The UT Press continues to update and expand it. According to UT Press, its long-term plans include the creation of digital editions of the "Encyclopedia of Appalachia" and "The Dictionary of Smoky Mountain English".

</doc>
<doc id="9849081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849081" title="Temugin">
Temugin

Temugin is a fictional character from Marvel Comics. He is the estranged son of Iron Man's archenemy, the Mandarin. He first appeared in "Iron Man (volume 3)" #53 (2002). Temugin is named after his ancestor Genghis Khan, whose real name was Temujin (also spelled Temuchin, Temudjin; u also variates to ü). 
Fictional character biography.
As an infant, Temugin was delivered to a monastery in the Himalayas by his father, the Chinese warlord known as the Mandarin. Confident the monks would educate the boy, in the ways of the body and spirit, the Mandarin cut off almost all communication with his son. Temugin took to his studies with vigor and passion, seeking to bury his anger at his father for abandoning him. As a result of the martial-arts training and spiritual guidance provided by the monks, Temugin came to realize that the mightiest weapon of iron is nothing compared to the hand that wields it.
The mini-series, , reveals that after the Mandarin's first encounter with his great enemy Iron Man, he came back to the monastery to forcefully enlist Temugin via his mind control ring to shoot Tony Stark. Temugin enters the United States and becomes a low-level employee at Stark Enterprises. After witnessing Anton Vanko sacrifice himself for Iron Man against the new Crimson Dynamo, Temugin approached Tony Stark that night and shot him in the chest, finding his Iron Man chestplate underneath had protected him and deciphering who Iron Man really was. Stark saved himself by running into an elevator shaft and detonating the armor in his briefcase at his assailant. Temugin survived and escaped the building for the monastery. His father then called him a disappointment as Temugin renounced his father's ways. As the Mandarin proceeded to wipe Temugin's mind of the incident, the son took solace in the fact that the warlord would be erasing his only opportunity (at the time) to know his two great enemies, Tony Stark and Iron Man, were one and the same.
Many years later, Temugin's destiny arrived in a box at the monastery following the Mandarin's death in a battle against Iron Man. Inside were the severed hands of Temugin's father, still bearing the ten rings of power once wielded by the criminal. It was then that Temugin learned of Mandarin's last wishes. While Temugin harbored no animosity in his heart toward Iron Man, honor demanded he take Mandarin's place and succeed where the warlord had failed. Temugin must kill Iron Man, otherwise his father's spirit would never find peace.
Luring Iron Man to his father's fortress, Temugin proved more than a match for Iron Man's mechanically enhanced strength. The young warrior stood ready to deliver a killing blow when another of the Mandarin's enemies attacked, and the fortress erupted into flames.
After Tony Stark revealed a conspiracy for mass murder in his own ranks, Temugin appeared to have forgiven Iron Man for the death of his father and to have turned to more lofty pursuits, but recent events indicate the power of the rings have corrupted his soul.
Temugin later makes an appearance in "MODOK's 11" #4, wherein he has been contacted by the double-crossing Spot, who promptly hands over the weapon that MODOK had been planning to steal. In this appearance, Temugin speaks of the Mandarin as "My Late Father", and bears the Rings, one of which he uses to imprison Spot in another dimension with nothing but money. In the following issue, the Puma tears off at least one of his hands. However, it is possible that he retained at least half of the rings, as Nightshade who used the rings on his lost hand, was not seen with them at the end of the story.
However, much later he's seen among the "Agents of Atlas", appointed as a second in command, and possible replacement, for Jimmy Woo, current head figure for the "Atlas Foundation". Now sporting a bulky prosthetic, he initially comes into conflict with Jimmy Woo over what he perceives as cowardly behavior and pointlessly complicated planning on Woo's part. The two gradually become friends over the course of several battles, most notably versus Jade Claw.
Sasha Hammer is his paternal half-sister.
Powers and abilities.
Temugin has the ability to channel Chi into superhuman strength, speed, reflexes and enhanced resistance to injury. 
Temugin also briefly wore the ten rings of power given to him by his father, the Mandarin. 
These have since been reclaimed by his father.

</doc>
<doc id="9849090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849090" title="UT Press">
UT Press

UT Press can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9849094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849094" title="Lusaka Stock Exchange">
Lusaka Stock Exchange

The Lusaka Stock Exchange (abbreviated to LuSE) is the principal stock exchange of Zambia. Founded in 1993, it is located in Lusaka. The LuSE is a member of the African Stock Exchanges Association.
History.
The Lusaka Stock Exchange (LuSE) was established with preparatory technical assistance from the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and the World Bank in 1993. The Exchange opened on 21 February 1994. In its first two years of operations, the LuSE and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) were funded by the UNDP and Government of Zambia as a project for financial and capital market development in Zambia, under the multi-component private sector development program.
The formation of LuSE was part of the government’s economic reform program aimed at developing the financial and capital market in order to support and enhance private sector initiative. It was also expected to attract foreign portfolio investment through recognition of Zambia and the region as an emerging capital market with potentially high investment returns. Another important role of LuSE was to facilitate the divestiture of Government ownership in parastatals and realization of the objectives of creating a broad and wide shareholding ownership by the citizenry via a fair and transparent process.
The LuSE has made great strides since inception. It is now more than a platform for trading shares and bonds, as demonstrated by some companies from across the spectrum of industry that have used it to raise the public capital for expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="9849110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849110" title="House Combinations">
House Combinations

The Kat Club - House Combinations recorded at Rockin' Kat Ranch Studio, Chatsworth, California between 1993 and 1997. Produced by D.J.Peters.

</doc>
<doc id="9849150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849150" title="Dunmurry train explosion">
Dunmurry train explosion

The Dunmurry train explosion refers to the premature detonation of a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) incendiary bomb aboard a Ballymena to Belfast passenger train service on 17 January 1980.
The blast engulfed a carriage of the train in flames, killing three and injuring five others. One of the dead and the most seriously injured survivor were volunteers of the IRA. After the blast, the organisation issued a statement acknowledging responsibility, apologising to those who were harmed and stated that it was 'grave and distressing' but an 'accident' caused by the 'war situation'.
The explosion.
The train was a Northern Ireland Railways afternoon service carrying passengers between Ballymena railway station and Belfast Central railway station. The train was largely empty as it left Dunmurry railway station and entered the outskirts of Belfast, crossing under the M1 motorway on its way to Finaghy railway station shortly before 4.55 p.m., when a large fireball erupted in the rear carriage, bringing the train to a standstill and forcing panicked passengers to evacuate urgently as the smoke and flames spread along the train.
The survivors then moved down the track in single file to safety whilst emergency services fought the blaze. After several hours and combined efforts from fire, police and military services the blaze was contained . One fireman was treated for minor injuries. The two damaged carriages were transported to Queen's Quay in Belfast for forensic examination and were subsequently rebuilt. One remaining in service until 2012 and the other until 2006
Of the four persons occupying the carriage, three were killed with burns so severe that it was not possible to identify them by conventional means. Rail chief Roy Beattie described the human remains as "three heaps of ashes". The fourth, later identified as Patrick Joseph Flynn, was an IRA member and one of the men transporting the bombs. He suffered very serious burns to his face, torso and legs, and was reported to be close to death upon arrival at the hospital. Of the dead, two were eventually named as 17-year-old Mark Cochrane from Finaghy and the other a 35-year-old Belfast-based accountant and recent immigrant from Nigeria, Max Olorunda, who had been visiting a client in Ballymena. He left a wife and three children. The identity of the third was harder to ascertain, but it was eventually confirmed by the IRA by their statement that he was 26-year-old IRA member Kevin Delaney, father of one with a pregnant wife. In addition to the fireman, four people were injured, including Flynn, two teenagers treated for minor injuries and an older man who suffered much more serious burns.
Further bomb alerts were issued across the region and two similar devices discovered on trains, at York Road railway station in Belfast and at Greenisland railway station. Both were removed safely and control detonated. The devices were simple incendiary bombs similar to that which exploded south of Befast, consisting of a 5lb block of explosives attached to a petrol can with a simple time device intended to delay the explosion until the train was empty that evening. Later testimony indicated that Delaney had armed the first of two bombs and placed it beside him as he picked up the second one. As he armed this device, the first bomb suddenly detonated for reasons that remained unknown. Delaney was killed instantly and his accomplice, Patrick Joseph Flynn, was forced to leap from the train in flames. Flynn was guarded by police in hospital and arrested once his wounds had healed sufficiently.
Reactions.
The IRA released a lengthy statement about the event, terming it a 'bombing tragedy', blaming the Royal Ulster Constabulary for their 'sickening and hypocritical . . .collective activity of collaboration with the British forces' and stating:
"The explosion occurred prematurely and the intended target was not the civilians travelling on the train. We always take the most stringent precautions to ensure the safety of all civilians in the vicinity of a military or commercial bombing operation. The bombing mission on Thursday night was not an exception to this principle. Unfortunately the unexpected is not something we can predict or prevent in the war situation this country is in, the consequences of the unexpected are often grave and distressing, as Thursday night's accident shows.
In Britain, Conservative MP Winston Churchill called for the death penalty to be reinstated for terrorists as a result of this incident. The RUC responded to the IRA's announcement with a short statement stating that:
"The fact is that innocent people are dead and the Provisional IRA are responsible, as they have been on hundreds of other occasions. Once again they stand condemned in the eyes of the civilised world."
This was not the first occasion in which an IRA bomb on a train killed or wounded someone. On 12 October 1978 55-year old Letitia McCrory was killed by an IRA bomb explosion on the Belfast-Dublin line near Belfast Central station. The CAIN database indicates that in the 1978 explosion, an inadequate warning was given thus not allowing authorities time to evacuate the train completely before the device detonated.
Prosecution.
24-year-old Patrick Flynn was tried at Belfast Crown Court for double manslaughter and possession of explosives after his recovery from his injuries. Flynn was very severely disfigured and badly scarred from the extensive burns the incendiary device had inflicted upon him. The judge was asked and agreed to take this into account for sentencing after reviewing the evidence and finding Flynn guilty due to his proximity to the explosion, his known IRA affiliation and the discovery of telephone numbers for The Samaritans and Belfast Central station in his jacket, to be used to telephone bomb warnings. Mr Justice Kelly sentenced Flynn to ten years prison for each manslaughter as well as seven years for the explosives offences, to be served concurrently. He concluded by summing up with the words:
"I am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt you were one of the bombers. I am satisfied you and your associates did not intend to kill. Nevertheless, the explosion and fire caused the death of three people in most horrific circumstances. In sentencing you I am conscious you have suffered severe burns and scars, for the rest of your life which will be a grim reminder to you of the events of that day" 

</doc>
<doc id="9849169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849169" title="What the Buddha Taught">
What the Buddha Taught

What the Buddha Taught, by Dr Walpola Rahula, has been regarded as an important introductory book on Buddhism. Using extracts from the ancient texts, Rahula gives clear and readable explanations of Buddhism's essential teachings, including: the Four Noble Truths, the Buddhist mind, the Noble Eightfold Path, meditation and mental development, and the world today.
Dr Rahula has written extensively about Theravada Buddhism. His other books include "History of Buddhism in Ceylon", "Heritage of the Bhikkhu", "Zen and the taming of the Bull" and "Le Compendium de la Super Doctrine" (French). 
Dr Walpola Rahula (1907-1997) was a Buddhist monk and scholar, as well as a writer. In 1964, he became the Professor of History and Religions at Northwestern University, thus becoming the first bhikkhu to hold a professorial chair in the western world.

</doc>
<doc id="9849183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849183" title="Wien bridge">
Wien bridge

The Wien bridge is a type of bridge circuit that was developed by Max Wien in 1891. The bridge comprises four resistors and two capacitors.
Bridge circuits were a common way of measuring component values by comparing them to known values. Often an unknown component would be put in one arm of a bridge, and then the bridge would be nulled by adjusting the other arms or changing the frequency of the voltage source. See, for example, the Wheatstone bridge.
The Wien bridge is one of many common bridges. Wien's bridge is used for precison measurement of capacitance in terms of resistance and frequency. It was also used to measure audio frequencies.
The Wien bridge does not require equal values of "R" or "C". At some frequency, the reactance of the series "R2–C2" arm will be an exact multiple of the shunt "Rx–Cx" arm. If the two "R3" and "R4" arms are adjusted to the same ratio, then the bridge is balanced.
The bridge is balanced when:
The equations simplify if one chooses "R2" = "Rx" and "C2" = "Cx"; the result is "R4" = 2 "R3".
In practice, the values of "R" and "C" will never be exactly equal, but the equations above show that for fixed values in the "2" and "x" arms, the bridge will balance at some "ω" and some ratio of "R4"/"R3".

</doc>
<doc id="9849198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849198" title="Chesapeake people">
Chesapeake people

The Chesepian or Chesapeake were a Native
American tribe who inhabited the area now known as South Hampton Roads in the U.S. state of Virginia. They occupied an area which is now the Norfolk, Portsmouth, Chesapeake, and Virginia Beach areas. To their west were the members of the Nansemond tribe.
The main village of the Chesepian was called Skicoak, located in the present independent city of Norfolk. The exact location of Skicoak is unknown. It may have been near the junction of the eastern and southern branches of the Elizabeth River in downtown Norfolk. Other evidence suggests it was located in the Pine Beach area of Sewell's Point. At that location, a large Native American burial mound was discovered close to the 20th-century community named Algonquin Village.
The Chesepian also had two other towns (or villages), "Apasus" and "Chesepioc", both near the Chesapeake Bay in what is now the independent city of Virginia Beach. Of these, Chesepioc was known to have been located in the present Great Neck area. Archaeologists and other persons have found numerous Native American artifacts, such as arrowheads, stone axes, pottery and beads in Great Neck Point. Several buried remains of the indigenous people have been found in this area as well.
Although they were eastern-Algonquian-speaking, as were the thousands of members of the Powhatan Confederacy, the archaeological evidence suggests that the original Chesepian people belonged to another group, the Carolina Algonquian.
According to William Strachey's "The Historie of Travaile into Virginia Britannia" (1618), the Chesepian were wiped out by the Powhatan, the paramount head of the Virginia Peninsula-based Powhatan Confederacy, some time before the arrival of the English at Jamestown in 1607. The Chesepian were eliminated because Powhatan's priests had warned him that "from the Chesapeake Bay a nation should arise, which should dissolve and give end to his empire".
Due to Strachey's belief that these rumored prophesies indicated the Christian God's intervention on behalf of the Jamestown Colony against "The Devil's Empire", there is reason to remain skeptical of his account of the fate of the Chesapeake.

</doc>
<doc id="9849219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849219" title="Hamden Khalif Allah Awad">
Hamden Khalif Allah Awad

Hamden Khalif Allah Awad alias Ahmed the German (actually Egyptian) (August 13, 1970 - August 7, 1998) was one of the perpetrators of the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. He detonated the bomb in Tanzania, killing himself and 11 other people. In the 1998 indictment he is identified only as Ahmed the German. His real identity emerged later, from telephone calls made during this al-Qaeda conspiracy.

</doc>
<doc id="9849229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849229" title="Fecto Group of Industries">
Fecto Group of Industries

The FECTO Group of Industries is a business group in Pakistan. It was established in 1952. It is currently engaged in such areas of industrial enterprise as Sugar, Particle Board, Medium Density Fibre Board-MDF.
Fecto Group was founded by Ghulam Muhammad A. Fecto.
Directors.
The following are the Directors of the Group:
An engine of national economic growth.
From 1970 onwards, the group has diversified its activities form trading to industrial production. This started with the acquisition of Adamjee (now FECTO) Sugar Mills Limited in early 1975, followed by the establishment of another sugar mill in 1978.
Bolstered by its initial successes, the group ventured into progressive manufacturing of agricultural tractors and farm equipment including agricultural implements of various types.
Another major milestone in the group’s forward march was the establishment of a most modern and pollution-free cement plant with 2000 tons per day capacity. This also made way for the launching of such allied industries as two Paper Sack Units that are located not too far from the cement plant.
The Group manages two public-listed and Two private companies besides having substantial stakes in many other projects.
Major projects of the group.
The Group currently employs about 1500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="9849261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849261" title="Rashard Anderson">
Rashard Anderson

Rashard Anderson (born June 14, 1977 in Forest, Mississippi) is a former American football cornerback in the NFL who played for the Carolina Panthers. Anderson was selected by the Panthers in the first round (23rd overall) of the 2000 NFL Draft. In his first NFL season, he appeared in 12 games, recording 21 tackles. Anderson ended the 2001 season with 47 tackles and his only career interception in 15 games.
Anderson was suspended for a year by the NFL on May 23, 2002 for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy. The suspension was extended for the 2003 season after Anderson failed to meet the requirements for reinstatement. Anderson was finally reinstated by the NFL following the 2003 season, and the Panthers immediately released him.
In May 2005 Anderson signed a contract with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. However, Anderson was released in June 2005 when the Stampeders slashed their roster to the 40-player regular-season limit. 

</doc>
<doc id="9849264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849264" title="Kwong Wui Chun">
Kwong Wui Chun

Kwong Wui Chun (born abt. 1955) is chairman and founder of Asia Aluminum Group, and chairman of the Guangdong Nanhai Non-ferrous Metals Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9849298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849298" title="Miguel Kast">
Miguel Kast

Miguel Kast Rist (December 18, 1948 - September 18, 1983) was a German-born Chilean economist of the Chicago Boys group. He was most known for his role in public policies, where he promoted a greater focus of resources toward the needy.
Upon getting his Master in Economics at University of Chicago, Miguel Kast joined Odeplan (1973), the state agency that led many public policy and economic changes after 1973. At Odeplan, Miguel Kast focused most of his energies on creating the "map of extreme poverty", which would become the cornerstone of Chile's social development programs. In 1978 he became the head of Odeplan and used his position to involve young professionals in the struggle against poverty by making them join Odeplan and by sending them to the country's outer regions to get insight into the real problems of Chile.
In 1980 Miguel Kast became Labor Minister under the Military government of Augusto Pinochet and in 1982 he became Governor of the Central Bank of Chile. 
This was a complicated moment in Chile's economy; the exchange rate was fixed at 39 pesos per dollar and Chile's big economic groups had liabilities with their own banks. As a Central Banker he worked to reduce the level of related loans (loans made to the owners of the banks). He also created a mechanism called the "Portfolio Sale" through which the Central Bank could buy high risk credits to commercial banks. By keeping a fixed exchange rate of 39 pesos per dollar, Miguel Kast hoped to protect local companies that had liabilities in dollars. However the central authority saw it otherwise and on June 13, 1982 decided to devalue the peso. This brought a sharp loss of international reserves and Miguel Kast decided in August 1982 to completely free exchange rate thus further devaluing the peso and bringing a new intervention from the central authority. Under this new threat of instability, Miguel Kast resigned from the Central Bank.
Only few months after his resignation, in January 1983, Miguel Kast learned he had cancer. He died on September 18 of the same year.
In recognition to Miguel Kast work, the Atlas Economic Research Foundation created an award named after him to recognize the Latin American think tank which has made the most important contribution to help reduce poverty.
Sources.
Official webpage of Fundacion Miguel Kast
Miguel Kast: Pasíon de Vivir, by Joaquín Lavín, Santiago, Chile, ISBN 956-7252-05-X

</doc>
<doc id="9849306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849306" title="Methylenedioxyhydroxyamphetamine">
Methylenedioxyhydroxyamphetamine

3,4-Methylenedioxy-"N"-hydroxyamphetamine (MDOH, MDH) is an entactogen, psychedelic, and stimulant of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. It is the "N"-hydroxy homologue of MDA, and the "N"-desmethyl homologue of MDHMA. MDOH was first synthesized and assayed by Alexander Shulgin. In his book "PiHKAL" ("Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved"), Shulgin listed the dosage range as 100-160 mg, and the duration as approximately 3-6 hours. He describes MDOH as being very psychedelic and producing increased pleasure in beauty and nature. He also mentioned several negative side effects also seen with MDMA ("Ecstasy") such as difficulty urinating and internal dryness.

</doc>
<doc id="9849310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849310" title="The Young Slave">
The Young Slave

The Young Slave is an Italian literary fairy tale written by Giambattista Basile in his 1634 work, the "Pentamerone".
It is Aarne-Thompson type 410, Sleeping Beauty; other variants include "The Glass Coffin" and "Sun, Moon, and Talia".
Synopsis.
Girls competed to jump over a rose bush; at last Cilia, the baron's sister, did so, but she knocked off a rose petal. To pretend she had cleared it entirely, she swallowed the petal and became pregnant. She bore a daughter, named her Lisa, and gave her to fairies to raise. The fairies gave her gifts, but one twisted her ankle and cursed Lisa to die when she was seven, because her mother, combing her hair, forgot the comb in her hair. This happened, and the lamenting mother put her in seven crystal coffins and put them in a room. Her health failed. Before she died, she gave her brother the key to the room and make him promise not to open it.
He obeyed, but he married, and one day while he hunted, his wife opened the door. Jealous of the girl's beauty, she pulled her out by her hair, which knocked out the comb and brought her back to life. The woman beat her and made her a slave, telling her husband that her aunt had sent her a slave and warned her that stern measures were necessary with this perverse slave.
The baron went to the fair and asked everyone for what they wanted. Lisa asked for a doll, a knife, and some pumice-stone, and cursed him not be able to cross a river to return if he did not. He forgot them, but the river swelled, reminding him. Lisa took them to the kitchen and told her story to the doll, and then threatened to sharpen the knife on the stone and kill herself if the doll did not answer. The doll did.
After several days of this, the baron heard this and eavesdropped. When the girl began to whet the knife, he broke into the kitchen and took it from her. Then he put Lisa in the care of a relative, where she regained her health and beauty. The baron brought her to his own home, dismissed his wife back to her relatives, and in due course married off his niece.

</doc>
<doc id="9849345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849345" title="Onslaught (Transformers)">
Onslaught (Transformers)

Onslaught is the name of two fictional characters in the various Transformers universes. Both are leaders of the Combaticons who turn into missile launching vehicles.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Onslaught is a leader who prefers to formulate strategies and tactics to defeat his opponents rather than sheer brute force. However, when his plans fail, he can become a devastating force in battle, as his fury that his carefully laid out plans have been thwarted can inspire him to acts to violence. Joins with fellow Combaticons to form robot Bruticus.
Animated series.
Onslaught debuted in the second season episode, "Starscream's Brigade". In the episode, Starscream is banished from Decepticon Headquarters after his latest attempt on Megatron's life. He is sent to the island of Guadalcanal where he discovers old World War II vehicles. Starscream decides to use these to build his own army. He raids a Decepticon detention center on Cybertron and steals the personality components of several renegade Decepticons. Onslaught is placed in an old WWII troop transport truck and the body is reformatted into a modern missile truck.
Onslaught's abilities as commander would not be seen until the next episode. After Bruticus was defeated by Menasor, Megatron banished Starscream and the Combaticons from Earth and sent to a distant asteroid. Starscream abandons the Combaticons on the asteroid and flies off into space. Onslaught devises a plan to exact revenge on Megatron by causing Earth to crash into the Sun. Using his backpack, he alters the Space Bridge to change the orbit on Earth. However, disengaging his backpack left Bruticus' weak spot vulnerable, which the Autobots used to disable him. Onslaught and the Combaticons were later reprogrammed to obey Megatron.
Onslaught was later involved in a Decepticon plot to capture the Middle East oil fields. The Aerialbots arrived on the scene and the Decepticons use their new jet drones to attack them. These drones however proved to be no match for the Aerialbots, forcing the Combaticons to engage them as Bruticus. They were defeated again by Superion.
Onslaught made various other appearances as a member of the Combaticons, throughout the remainder of the series, as well as in the Japanese series .
Books.
Onslaught appeared in the 1986 Ladybird Books story "Decepticon Hideout" by John Grant.
Comics.
Dreamwave Productions.
Dreamwave Productions' 21st century re-imagining of the Generation 1 universe took its inspiration for the Combaticons from the original animated series, casting them as Decepticon prisoners who were reduced to protoform stasis because they were too dangerous to be released.
Onslaught, Brawl, Blast Off and Vortex originally appeared as part of Shockwave's attack on Iacon in the first War Within series. At the same time Swindle was with Starscream, Motormaster, Runabout and Runamuck after Starscream head sent Megatron and Optimus Prime down further into the depths of Cybertron.
Later, when Optimus Prime led a rebellion against Shockwave's domination of Cybertron in 2003, Starscream took the opportunity to form a power base, taking the protoform Combaticons to Earth and outfitting them with new alternate modes taken from an abandoned military base, then leading them in an attack on the Ark in order to acquire parts to make the Decepticon space cruiser, the Nemesis, spaceworthy. Confronted in battle by Brawn, Bruticus was caught in an explosion as Ratchet self-destructed the Ark, but he survived the conflagration, only to be knocked out by artillery fire from an incoming Autobot shuttle. After a battle with the evil clone, Sunstorm, Brawn opted to work out some of his stress on Bruticus's unconscious body, punching the gestalt about the head until his comrades yelled at him to stop. Bruticus would return, battling Sky Lynx for Starscream's amusement - until the Predacons appeared in their combined form of Predaking. The two gestalts battled as Starscream fled and Bruticus lost. The ultimate fate of the Combaticons in the Dreamwave universe was not revealed, due to the company's closure.
Onslaught's earth mode in the Dreamwave comics was toy accurate, and did not use the animated series redesign of his body.
Fun Publications.
Nine million years in the past on Cybertron, Onslaught is assigned as leader of the Elite Guard Combaticon unit, designed to seek out and stop the leadership of the Decepticon forces.
The Elite Guard Alpha Team and Strike Team did battle against a horde of ferrovorous bugs in one of Cybertron's city-states. Magnum then ordered the Strike Team to escort the Alpha Team to Space Port Bravo for their next mission. The Strike Team then reported to Magnum and Sentinel Major, who introduced them to the new Elite Guard Special-Ops Team, also called the Combaticons.
While on patrol Onslaught told Metalhawk the story of how his Elite Guard team captured Thunderwing. Metalhawk then told Onslaught about how his team captured Blue Bacchus. The teams of Elite Guardsmen then came across a Decepticon who was separated from his group. Brawl was able to get the location of a Decepticon base from the captive before he went offline. The Guard teams around the base and were able to kill Shadowcaster, the base's leader. Metalhawk's team reported to Magnum, but the Combaticons stayed to investigate, Onslaught thinking their victory was too easy. They were captured by Decepticons.
He later became a Decepticon.
Metalhawk and his Strike Team were searching for Decepticons when they ran into a crazy "empty" who ranted about the coming of the "brute". They received a distress signal from Sentinel Major ordering all Elite Guard units to return base. When Metalhawk's team arrived at the base Ricochet told them of a Decepticon attack. Among the attackers are the Combaticions, but when Sentinel Major orders them to surrender, they combine into Bruticus and crush Sentinel Major.
When most of the members of the Autobot Elite Guard confronted Bruticus they were nearly wiped out, with Bruticus killing most of the Guard. Dion was able to blind Bruticus, forcing it to separate into the Combaticons, but the Combaticons finished off most of the remaining Guard, including Metalhawk, who was killed by Onslaught. This left only Dion alive, buried in the rubble, and Thunderclash's team, which was off planet at the time.
IDW Publishing.
Onslaught commanded his team under the direction of Banzai-Tron in their attack on Garrus-9 penal facility, where they fought Arcee.
Banzai-Tron, Gutcruncher, Axer and the Combaticons help Arcee attempt to recapture Monstructor.
On Earth Onslaught and his team were captured by Skywatch on Earth, but they were recovered by Hot Rod's team.
Marvel Comics.
Onslaught made his comics debut in issue #63 of the Marvel U.K. comic, in the story "Second Generation". In this, the Creation Matrix gives Buster Witwicky a vision of the future of the Transformer race, where combining Transformers are common. When Optimus Prime joins him for one of his visions (which is also monitored by the Decepticons led by Shockwave), they see Onslaught leading the Combaticons into forming Bruticus to come to the rescue of Menasor, who is battling Defensor. This vision prompts the Decepticons to begin work on the Combaticons.
Onslaught debuted in the Marvel U.S. comic in issue #24, "Afterdeath". In this issue, Megatron and the Combaticons are battling Optimus Prime and Protectobots near a computer lab. A human named, Ethan Zachary convinced the robots to settle their dispute in a video game. They agreed on the condition that whichever side lost, their leader was destroyed in the real world. The object of the game was to destroy the leader of the enemy group. The Combaticons and Protectobots were sent to different levels of the game. In each scenario, the Combaticons would lose and the Protectobots would win. This allowed them to merge into Defensor and destroy the virtual Megatron. However, Megatron used a cheat code to reenter the game. Optimus defeated Megatron again, but this time he allowed innocent lives to perish. Feeling guilty, Optimus forfeited the game and ordered himself destroyed.
Onslaught and his Combaticons were often seen battling the Protectobots, but received little other major plot or character development. One notable assignment was the attempted destruction of Galvatron while he was entombed in a volcano following his failure to tap its power; this mission was embarrassingly thwarted by the combined efforts of Blaster, the Throttlebots, and three female human allies of Ultra Magnus who was likewise trapped within the volcano. However, Onslaught later found favour with sometime Decepticon commander Ratbat, who effectively promoted Onslaught to field commander for the assault on the Autobots on Earth's moon.
He was eventually killed by Jhiaxus' troops in the "" comic.
Transformers: Energon.
Onslaught was the Japanese name for Energon Barricade, who transformed into a missile truck.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Little is known about this version of Onslaught yet. The box describes him as leader of the Combaticons. The number "C5" refers to the original number code on the "Generation 1" Onslaught toy box.
Transformers: Prime.
Books.
Appears in the novel "Transformers: Exodus", as one of the Combaticons.
Games.
Onslaught appears in the 2010 video game "" as a downloadable character. He is a level boss in the version of the game for the Nintendo DS, while he is playable in the Decepticons version.
Onslaught is set to appear among the rest of the Combaticons in the 2012 video game "".

</doc>
<doc id="9849346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849346" title="List of Trinidad and Tobago women ODI cricketers">
List of Trinidad and Tobago women ODI cricketers

This is a list of Trinidad and Tobagan women's One-day international cricketers. Overall, 14 Trinidad and Tobagan women have played in at least one women's one-day international. A One Day International, or an ODI, is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status. An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won her first ODI cap. Where more than one player won her first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.
Notes
1 These players also played ODI cricket for the West Indian side. Only their records for Trinidad and Tobago are shown above.

</doc>
<doc id="9849354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849354" title="CILK-FM">
CILK-FM

CILK-FM is a Canadian radio station located in Kelowna, British Columbia. Broadcasting at 101.5 FM, the station airs an adult contemporary format branded as 101-5 EZ Rock.
History.
The station traces its origins to December 21, 1984 when the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission awarded a new FM license for the Kelowna market to Silk FM Broadcasting, a company two-thirds controlled by veteran radio broadcaster Nick Frost.
CILK-FM signed on for the first time at 101.5 MHz with a soft adult contemporary format at 10 AM on June 21, 1985, with an average effective radiated power of 11,000 watts. The transmitter had a northward-directed pattern from the 3,200 foot level of Okanagan Mountain, 7 kilometres south of Kelowna city centre.
On May 7, 1993, Silk FM Broadcasting applied to amend its broadcasting licence by relocating the transmitter site on Okanagan Mountain approximately three kilometers to the south and by decreasing the effective radiated power from 11,000 to 10,300 watts. The applicant indicated these changes would improve service to the Central Okanagan area. On July 19 of the same year, the CRTC approved the application.
In 1995, Frost hired a single employee, David E. Fowler, whose mandate was to start up an internet service provider: Silk Internet. The workplace, and all the associated equipment, was set up in the lobby of the radio station. A systems administrator, Stephen Hawtree, was hired soon afterwards to assist with the technical operations. By the end of the first week of operation there were five brand new Internet subscribers and within two years it became Kelowna's largest internet providers. Within five years the subscriber list was up to about 6,000. In 2000, the Silk Internet was sold to Pacific Coast Net, which itself was subsequently sold to Uniserve Communications. That same year, Silk FM Broadcasting launched an online news and local information web portal Castanet.net.
In 2004, the station adopted an adult hits format. On October 5, the CRTC announced that Silk FM Broadcasting had applied to add rebroadcast transmitters in the nearby Okanagan cities of Vernon and Penticton, in addition to its owned and operated rebroadcast transmitters at Big White Mountain and Magna Bay. On February 28, 2005, the CRTC denied the application to add the transmitters into Vernon and Penticton on the grounds that it would result in a significant increase to the coverage of CILK-FM into the adjacent radio markets.
On May 3, 2006, several years after Frost bought out minority shareholders of Silk FM Broadcasting and became sole owner of the company, he announced the sale of CILK-FM and its two broadcast transmitters to Standard Radio for a total purchase price of $9.25 million CAD. The sale was approved unconditionally by the CRTC in December 2006.
In the summer of 2007, Silk FM modified its format to adult contemporary, playing contemporary and modern hits. In October 2007, Astral Media acquired Standard's terrestrial radio and television assets, including CILK-FM. By January 2011, the station became 101.5 EZ Rock, keeping the adult contemporary format. By March 2011, the station was added at the Canadian hot AC panel per Mediabase status, joining sister contemporary hit radio station CHSU-FM, but later moved to the Canadian AC panel the following week.

</doc>
<doc id="9849358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849358" title="Walter Jenny">
Walter Jenny

Walter William Jenny Jr. is an attorney and community activist. He and his wife Rose Ann live in Edmond, Oklahoma.
Early life and education.
Walter Jenny was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma. He attended Shawnee High School and graduated at the age of 16. His parents are Walter and Eula Mae (Hink) Jenny. He attended the University of Oklahoma where he served three elected terms in the student government's Student Congress. He then transferred to the University of Washington where he graduated in 1978 with a bachelor's degree in political science. He received his juris doctorate from the Oklahoma City University School of Law, and received the American Jurisprudence award in administrative law. He later served as a judicial intern under long-time Supreme Court Justice Marion P. Opala.
Jenny was a delegate to the 1980 Democratic National Convention and an unsuccessful candidate for the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1986. He served as Secretary of the Oklahoma Democratic Party from 2005 to 2009 and was a presidential elector for Barack Obama in Oklahoma in 2008. For several years he wrote a regular column for the "Edmond Sun" and the "Oklahoma Observer" and edited the Oklahoma Democratic Party's quarterly publication.The Yellow Dog Dispatch.
After passing the Oklahoma bar exam, Jenny practiced labor and employment law in Oklahoma. He became an Assistant Attorney General in 1995, representing a variety of state agencies. He served as general counsel for the Oklahoma Commission on Consumer Credit in 2006-2007 before joining the Oklahoma Department of Labor as Assistant General Counsel. He is also licensed to practice before the Western, Northern and Eastern District federal courts in Oklahoma, and the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Walter is a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon Fraternity, having been Grand Province Advisor from 2000 to 2013 and as District Vice President from 1981 to 1986; he served as chair of the Judiciary Committee, and was appointed to a variety of fraternity committees over the years. He also was Chapter Advisor for Omicron Phi and Epsilon Sigma chapters in Oklahoma. Jenny is recipient of the fraternity's Key Leader award in 2001, and was named International “Volunteer of the Year” in 2005. He was inducted into the TKE Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 2007, and was given the International Grand Prytanis Award at the fraternity's biennial Conclave in 2009.
Jenny was on the Board of Directors of Central Oklahoma Habitat for Humanity from 1987 to 1991, and was chairman during 1990. During that year, the organization's budget doubled and the number of houses built also doubled. In 1980 he served as president of the church council of St. John Lutheran Church in Shawnee. He was elected President of the Board of Directors of the Edmond Neighborhood Alliance, and is a member of the Board of Directors of the Oklahoma YMCA Youth in Government Alumni Association.
See also.
Going Against The Grain, Edmond Sun, June 12, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="9849415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849415" title="Substituted methylenedioxyphenethylamines">
Substituted methylenedioxyphenethylamines

Substituted methylenedioxy- phenethylamines (MDxx) are a large chemical class of derivatives of the phenethylamines, which includes many psychoactive drugs that act as entactogens, psychedelics, and/or stimulants, as well as entheogens. These agents are used as research chemicals, designer drugs and as recreational substances.
When referring to MDMA and its counterparts, the term 'MDxx' is often used with the exception of MDPV.
The base compound of the MDxx class is 3,4-methylenedioxyphenethylamine (MDPEA), and the prototypical agent of this class is 3,4-methylenedioxy-"N"-methylamphetamine (MDMA; "ecstasy"). Other mentionables include 3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA), 3,4-methylenedioxy-"N"-ethylamphetamine (MDEA; "Eve"), "N"-methyl-1,3-benzodioxolylbutanamine (MBDB; "Eden"), and 3,4-methylenedioxy-"N"-methylcathinone (bk-MDMA; "Methylone").
Chemical Derivatives.
The compounds most commonly regarded as comprising the family of MDxx derivatives include:
In addition, there are a number of other compounds that, while in the technical sense not phenethylamine derivatives, still have some structural and pharmacological similarities to the methylenedioxyphenethylamines. This makes them useful for comparison.

</doc>
<doc id="9849422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849422" title="Rock &amp; Folk">
Rock &amp; Folk

Rock & Folk is a prominent French popular music magazine founded in 1966, and published in the Paris suburb of Clichy. Its current editor in chief in Philippe Manœuvre. Though the magazine's title includes the word "folk," it is in fact oriented strongly toward rock and roll, especially championing groups like the Rolling Stones and the Stooges. After a lag during the 1980s, the magazine overhauled itself in the 1990s, broadening its scope to cover newer electronic music as well as hip hop.

</doc>
<doc id="9849462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849462" title="Night of Joy (festival)">
Night of Joy (festival)

Night of Joy is an annual contemporary Christian music festival that takes place at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. It started in 1983 and normally takes place in the first or second week of September. The event was held at the Magic Kingdom until 2008, when it was moved to Disney's Hollywood Studios for two years. At Night of Joy 2009, it was announced during the MercyMe concert that the event will return to the Magic Kingdom due to popular demand.
Night of Joy is one of two current Christian rock festivals held in the Orlando, Florida area each year. The others is Rock the Universe, which is held at Universal Studios Florida, typically on the same nights as Night of Joy. Formerly, Cornerstone Florida, a spinoff of the original Cornerstone Festival, was held in Orlando in May each year.
2013 Lineup.
Friday, September 6:
Saturday, September 7:
2012 Lineup.
Friday, September 7:
Saturday, September 8:
2011 Lineup.
Friday, September 9:
Saturday, September 10:
2010 Lineup.
In 2010, the event returned to Magic Kingdom, after two years of being held at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
Friday, September 10
Saturday, September, 11
History (1991-present).
2009.
The official 2009 lineup was announced in March 2009. It was notable for featuring far more rock bands than usual. One notable band playing was Skillet, who have played Rock the Universe several times. The 2009 event was also notable because it featured three acts that played both days of the performance, following "Conversations" with acts performing one of the two days.
Friday, September 11:
Saturday, September 12:
Both Days:
2008.
In 2008, the event moved to Disney's Hollywood Studios. Previously, it had been held exclusively at the Magic Kingdom theme park.
Friday, September 5:
Saturday, September 6:
2007.
Friday, September 7:
Saturday, September:
2006.
Friday, September 8:
Saturday, September 9:
2005.
Friday, September 9:
Saturday, September 10:
2004.
Thursday, September 9:
Friday, September 10:
Saturday, September 11:
2003.
Friday, September 5:
Saturday, September 6:
2002.
Friday, September 6:
Saturday, September 7:
2001.
Friday, September 7:
Saturday, September 8:

</doc>
<doc id="9849464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849464" title="José Antonio Nieves Conde">
José Antonio Nieves Conde

José Antonio Nieves Conde (22 December 1915 in Segovia, Castilla y León, Spain – 14 September 2006) was a Spanish film director and screenplay writer.

</doc>
<doc id="9849468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849468" title="Pine Tree Academy">
Pine Tree Academy

Pine Tree Academy (also known as Pine Tree or PTA) is a Seventh-day Adventist, co-educational University preparatory school for boarding and day students in grades K–12. The school is located in Freeport, Maine, north of Portland.
Pine Tree Academy was originally founded in 1921 on a farm near Auburn, Maine. The school closed in 1933 because of The Depression. In 1961, the academy reopened as Pine Tree Memorial School in Freeport. In 1973, the school began offering all four years of the high school grades. Today, the academy represents the oldest academy in the Northern New England Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. The academy is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and by the Adventist Accrediting Association.
The academy has two sports programs--basketball and soccer. The basketball teams are members of the Maine Principals' Association. The soccer teams are members of the Maine Christian School Sports League.

</doc>
<doc id="9849482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849482" title="Ralph Jerome Von Braun Selz">
Ralph Jerome Von Braun Selz

Ralph Jerome Von Braun Selz (1909-????) was a drifter convicted of murder in the death of Ada Brownell French Rice, the estranged wife of the mayor of Nome, Alaska. Labeled 'The Laughing Killer´ by the press, Selz continuously filed petitions for his release and made several successful escapes from prison only to be recaptured each time.
Selz arrived in San Francisco, California in late 1935 and met Rice who, shortly thereafter, invited him to share a small cottage with her in Palo Alto. He was 30 years younger than her but considered himself a Romeo of sorts and seemed to be a perfect match for the oversexed Rice.
On February 27, 1936 Selz was arrested on auto theft charges and police discovered he had been forging Ada Rice's signature and cashing checks on her account. Although Selz didn't know it, Rice had been reported missing; police questioned him for weeks and he finally confessed to killing her and burying her body in the Santa Cruz mountains.
Resources.
Los Angeles Times March 11, 1936: ¨Confession In Slaying - Killer Leads to Woman's Grave and Tells Murder of Her Man Friend¨
Los Angeles Times March 11, 1936: ¨Five Grisly Murders Checked by Police Tonight as Jaunty Jerome Von Braun Seiz (sp), 27-year-old Adventurer, Wearily Related Details of Two Killings¨
Los Angeles Times March 12, 1936 :"Bay Death Clue Found - Suspected Killer Points to Where He Threw Body of Victim¨
Los Angeles Times March 17, 1936:¨ Killer Selz Linked With New Death - Ex-Hotel Porter Identifies Man as Companion of Another Slain Woman¨
People v. Von Braun Selz, 291 P.2d 186, 138 Cal.App.2d 205 (Cal.App. 1 Dist., 1955)
Ralph Jerome Von Braun Selz, served a total of over 30 years in California prisons for the murder of Mrs. Rice. He was known as "The Laughing Killer" because when he revealed the location of Mrs. Rice's grave in the Santa Cruz mountains he couldn't stop giggling. He later claimed that he had been abused by police interrogators and given "truth serum" medication during several days of intense interrogation, which caused him to laugh inappropriately. That claim was a basis of the court case noted above(People v. Von Braun Selz.) Selz escaped from prison several times. The first time was about 1940. He had taught himself to speak five different languages while in prison. He fled to Canada and joined the Canadian Army under a phony name during the Second World War. Because of his language skills he was put in charge of a "displaced persons" camp in Quebec. These were European refugees from German occupied Europe. He interviewed many of these refugees and gained invaluable information about conditions in Europe. His information was very useful for Canadian and British Military intelligence services. He received a number of decorations for his service and was written about in the Canadian press. This was his downfall. California prison authorities found out where he was hiding and he was arrested and extradited back to California to serve out his life sentence. However, the Canadian government was so grateful for his service that for many years afterward, whenever Selz would appear before the Parole Board, Canada would send a delegation to speak on his behalf and urge his release on parole. However, because Selz was suspected of being a serial killer and was suspected in the death of a total of five women, although he had only been convicted of the murder of his lover Mrs. Rice, he did not succeed in getting a parole until the late 1960s. He was returned to prison for violating his parole after a couple of years of freedom. He had attempted to get Social Security benefits using multiple Social Security numbers. He was paroled again about 1970 because of heart disease. He would be over 100 years old now, if still alive.

</doc>
<doc id="9849495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849495" title="Long Branch Park">
Long Branch Park

Long Branch Park is a public park in Onondaga County outside of Syracuse, New York, located in the town of Liverpool on Long Branch Road near NYS Route 370 and John Glenn Boulevard. The park is situated on the northern shore of Onondaga Lake and is often misidentified as an extension of Onondaga Lake Park which wraps around the eastern shore of the lake to the south shore.
Founded in 1882 by Ben and George Maurer, Long Branch Amusement Park was originally an amusement park with boxing arenas, an arcade and a trolley. The amusement park closed in 1938.
Syracuse's largest mall, Destiny USA is located to the south of the lake and features an original carousel #18 from the amusement park.
History.
In 1882, Ben Maurer and George Maurer purchased the land and developed Long Branch Amusement Park on the northern shore of Onondaga Lake. The name of the park came from the "famed" Chestnut trees that grew in the area.
Amusement park.
In 1925, the welcoming sign to the park boasted "New Long Branch Amusement Park -- Let All Who Enter Here Leave Care Behind."
The park offered attractions that were family oriented including playgrounds, picnic areas, baseball games, skating parties and Fourth of July fireworks. For the sportsman, the park offered ice boating, row boating, bowling alleys, a billiards room and a shooting gallery. Additionally, the park had boxing arenas, an arcade and a trolley.
Other features of the park included; a dance pavilion, a restaurant, an arcade and various amusement rides including a ferris wheel and carousel.
Amusement park demise.
On September 15, 1912, a tornado swept through the park, destroying 40 homes. Ben Maurer rebuilt the park which survived for another 26 years before its final demise in 1938.
A combination of growing pollution in the lake and the fact that trolley services to the lake had been discontinued and the increased popularity of the automobile, all contributed to the final closure of the park.
The automobile allowed vacationers to travel to the Thousand Islands or Adirondack Mountains for their leisure time, as a result, ending the attraction of the local amusement park.
County owned public park.
The abandoned Onondaga Salt Springs Reservation became a dumping ground in the early 20th century, however, the Great Depression brought new life to the area when Governor Franklin Delano Roosevelt turned the State land over to Onondaga County during the New Deal era. Funding from the Work relief program, Onondaga County Emergency Work Bureau helped the county turn the area into Long Branch Park, a public park, during the early 1930s.
Salt museum.
Included in the project was the construction of the Salt Museum which was built around a still-standing boiling block chimney. The building stands on the site of the Sampson Jaqueth Salt Manufactory and was erected in 1856. One-third of the original chimney survives. The museum opened in 1933 and is still in operation. The museum is operated by the Onondaga County Parks Department and is closed during the winter months.
Recent years.
The park is located at the northern end of Onondaga Lake Park at 3813 Long Branch Road and is made up of three reserved shelters; Riverview, Glen and Knoll as well as a sledding hill. Major annual events held here include the Great American Antiquefest and the Scottish Games.
Long Branch Park is open year round and offers a sledding hill in winter, cross-country skiing, vantages for high school and college Regatta events and multiple activities during warmer months. Local schools use the park for sports activities; mainly track and field. Some popular annual events at Long Branch Park include an extensive antique festival, numerous automotive shows, Oktoberfest, Scottish Festival, outdoor theater and other local events.
In the summer of 2006, Long Branch Park was expanded to include the addition of a small sub-park with paved walkways, a parking area and children's playground.
Carousel.
The carousel was brought to Long Branch Park around 1926 where it remained for the next 15 years. After the park closed in 1938, the carousel was purchased at an auction in 1941 by Roseland Park in Canandaigua, New York where it was in use for another 43 years.
The Pyramid Companies' later purchased the carousel at auction and restored it to its original condition and it is now the "centerpiece" of the Destiny USA shopping mall located on the south side of the lake where it is still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="9849502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849502" title="Linc's">
Linc's

"Linc's" is an American comedy-drama based in a bar in Washington D.C.. The series starred Steven Williams, Pam Grier and Golden Brooks, and aired on Showtime for two seasons from 1998 to 2000 before being cancelled.
After cancellation, it was briefly syndicated on Showtime's former sister network BET.

</doc>
<doc id="9849506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849506" title="Mel Rees">
Mel Rees

Melvyn John "Mel" Rees (25 January 1967 – 30 May 1993) was a Welsh professional footballer who made over 50 appearances in The Football League as a goalkeeper before he died from cancer at the age of 26.
Career.
Rees attended Fitzalan High School, Cardiff. During his time there, he was a member of the squad that was the first to take the English Schools FA Cup out of England. He later joined his hometown club Cardiff City, signing on a YTS scheme. He made his professional debut on 8 September 1984 in a 4–2 defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion. Rees did not make another league appearance for the club until the following year when he was on the receiving end of eight defeats in nine appearances during the 1985–86 season. A wrist injury kept him sidelined for nearly a year and, on his return, the presence of Graham Moseley meant he was sold to First Division side Watford for a fee of £60,000.
At Watford, Rees spent three years as understudy to Tony Coton, as well as spending time on loan at Crewe Alexandra, Southampton and Leyton Orient, before leaving to join West Bromwich Albion after David James was named as Watford's first choice goalkeeper following the departure of Coton. In March 1992, Rees joined Sheffield United for a fee of £25,000 due to a goalkeeping crisis at the club, making his debut for the club in a 2–0 victory over Liverpool on 28 March 1992. He played in eight league games that season, helping them win five and draw two, which ensured their survival as they finished in a secure ninth place and confirmed their place in the new FA Premier League.
Illness and death.
Rees was diagnosed with cancer of the bowel in the summer of 1992. He underwent surgery in August of that year and was believed to have overcome the disease shortly afterwards. However, by March 1993 it had returned and he underwent further surgery.
On 3 April 1993, Rees took a lap of honour prior to a FA Cup semi-final match between Sheffield United and their Steel City rivals Sheffield Wednesday after leading the two sides out. Former team mate Kevin Gage later recalled the moment, stating:
Rees died at the end of the following month, aged 26.
Legacy.
The annual "Mel Rees Tournament" organised by the Blade's fans team "InterBlade FC" this is held every summer at the Sheffield United academy (in 2011 this was held at Bramall Lane) to raise money for St Luke's Hospice. Ex players such as Glyn Hodges, Mitch Ward, Adrian Littlejohn, Mike Duke, Mark Todd, Paul Beesley to name a few have all participated in the tournament.
Each time Mel's father travels up from Wales to hand out the medals and trophies.

</doc>
<doc id="9849521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849521" title="Đàn đá">
Đàn đá

The đàn đá is a lithophone played by minority ethnic groups in the Central Highlands of Vietnam, in the provinces of Lâm Đồng, Đắk Nông, Đắk Lắk, Gia Lai, and Kon Tum. These provinces are also home of the space of Gong culture listed in UNESCO's World Heritage Site. The word "đá" means "stone" in Vietnamese, đàn is instrument. The term đàn đá is of recent origin among Vietnamese musicologists, it had also been referred to as a đàn goong, a Vietnamese gong.
Several stones of different sizes are placed in a row. The player then uses a stick to knock the stones, each of which produces a different tone. The stone music sounds like the rhythm of the streams and bird songs, and therefore goes well with the surrounding landscape. One of the oldest stone musical instruments ever discovered was found in this area, dating back more than 2,000 years ago.
It is also played by Viet people in "nhạc dân tộc cải biên", a form of modern composed classical music, which is often performed for tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="9849538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849538" title="Gareth Hayne">
Gareth Hayne

Gareth Peter Hayne (born 13 June 1981 in Auckland) is a New Zealand cricketer who played in the U-19 Cricket World Cup in 2000. He plays cricket in Canada in the off-season. As of 2008, he is playing for Leatherhead and Cobham Cricket Club in the Surrey Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9849624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849624" title="University City Symphony Orchestra">
University City Symphony Orchestra

The University City Symphony Orchestra (UCSO) is a non-profit community orchestra, established in 1960, giving amateur musicians in the St. Louis, Missouri area the opportunity to play orchestral literature. Though drawing on musicians from throughout the surrounding area, it rehearses and holds the majority of its free concerts in University City, Missouri.
Currently under the direction of Dr. Leon Burke III, the orchestra sponsors the William Schatzkamer Young Artists Competition, partners with other area musical organizations and plays throughout St. Louis area and surrounding counties though the Center of Creative Arts (COCA) is home to most of its performances.
History.
The University City Symphony Orchestra was established in 1960, in part to provide summer employment for the musicians of the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra. Its first President, Lily Kaufman was wife of then-Mayor Nathan Kaufman.

</doc>
<doc id="9849640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849640" title="Susan Neiman">
Susan Neiman

Susan Neiman (born March 27, 1955) is an American moral philosopher, cultural commentator, and essayist. She has written extensively on the juncture between Enlightenment moral philosophy, metaphysics, and politics, both for scholarly audiences and the general public. She currently lives in Germany, where she is the Director of the Einstein Forum in Potsdam.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Neiman left home as a teenager to join the anti-Vietnam War movement. Later she studied philosophy at Harvard University, earning her Ph.D. under the direction of John Rawls and Stanley Cavell. During graduate school, she spent several years of study at the Free University of Berlin. "Slow Fire", a memoir about her life as a Jewish woman in 1980s Berlin, appeared in 1992. From 1989 to 1996 she taught philosophy at Yale University, and from 1996 to 2000 she was an associate professor of philosophy at Tel Aviv University. In 2000 she assumed her current position at the Einstein Forum in Potsdam.
Neiman has been a Member of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, a Research Fellow at the Rockefeller Foundation Study Center in Bellagio, and a Senior Fellow of the American Council of Learned Societies. She is now a member of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities. Her books have won prizes from PEN, the Association of American Publishers, and the American Academy of Religion. Her shorter pieces have appeared in The New York Times, The Boston Globe, The Globe and Mail, and Dissent. In Germany, she has written for Die Zeit, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, and Freitag, among other publications.
Quotes.
~ from "Moral Clarity: A Guide for Grown-Up Idealists"
~ from “It’s the Metaphysics, Stupid,” "The Boston Globe", February 28, 2008
~ from "Evil in Modern Thought: An Alternative History of Philosophy"

</doc>
<doc id="9849651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849651" title="KNRS">
KNRS

KNRS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9849667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849667" title="Buxhoeveden family">
Buxhoeveden family

Buxhoeveden was a Baltic German family from Estonia and Russian Empire, with roots tracing to Bexhövede, Lower Saxony. In Sweden, the family is considered part of the unintroduced nobility.
Notable family members include:

</doc>
<doc id="9849675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849675" title="Ed Ward (ice hockey)">
Ed Ward (ice hockey)

Edward J. Ward (born November 10, 1969) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. Ward played 278 games for five teams.
Playing career.
Ward was drafted by the Quebec Nordiques in the sixth round, 108th overall in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft. Ward chose to play NCAA hockey for Northern Michigan University before turning pro. He helped lead NMU to the 1991 NCAA title. In 1991, he began his pro career with the Greensboro Monarchs of the East Coast Hockey League, eventually cracking the Nordiques roster in 1993–94. Ward played only seven games with the Nords before being sent to the Calgary Flames. Ward spent five years bouncing between the Flames, and their AHL affiliate the Saint John Flames, then played parts of seasons with the Atlanta Thrashers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and the New Jersey Devils. Ward finished his career in Sweden, playing one season with Timrå IK in 2001–02 before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="9849679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849679" title="John J. Dempsey">
John J. Dempsey

John Joseph Dempsey (June 22, 1879 - March 11, 1958) was a United States Representative from New Mexico who also served as the 13th Governor of New Mexico. He was born in White Haven, Pennsylvania where he attended grade school. Employed as a telegrapher, he held various positions with the Brooklyn Union Elevator Company. He was the vice president of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company until 1919 when he entered the oil business in Oklahoma and became vice president of the Continental Oil and Asphalt Company. He moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1920 and was an independent oil operator and in 1928 became president of the United States Asphalt Company.
Dempsey in 1932 was appointed a member and later president of the Board of Regents of the University of New Mexico. He served as the state director for the National Recovery Administration in 1933, then became state director of the Federal Housing Administration and the National Emergency Council. He was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth, Seventy-fifth, and Seventy-sixth Congresses (January 3, 1935 – January 3, 1941) but was not a candidate for renomination in 1940 when he was an unsuccessful candidate for nomination for United States Senator.
Dempsey served as a member of the United States Maritime Commission 1941. He was the Under Secretary of the Interior from July 7, 1941, until his resignation on June 24, 1942. He was Governor of New Mexico from January 1, 1943, to January 1, 1947 and was unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination for United States Senator in 1946. He was elected to the Eighty-second and the three succeeding Congresses and served from January 3, 1951, until his death in Washington, D.C., March 11, 1958. He is buried in Rosario Cemetery, Santa Fe, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9849681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849681" title="New Zealand owlet-nightjar">
New Zealand owlet-nightjar

The New Zealand owlet-nightjar ("Aegotheles novazelandiae") was a large species of owlet-nightjar (family Aegothelidae) formerly endemic to the islands of New Zealand. Fossil remains (which are common in the pellets of the extinct laughing owl) indicate the species was once widespread across both the North Island and the South Island. Despite a small number of reports of small owls being found in the 19th century that may have been New Zealand owlet-nightjars, the species is thought to have become extinct around 1200 AD.
The New Zealand owlet-nightjar was the largest species of owlet-nightjar, weighing an estimated 150-200 g. The species was also either flightless, as suggested by its small wings, or a very poor flier (the species has a strong keel). The diet probably consisted of invertebrates, as well as frogs and lizards. 
The species rapidly became extinct after the introduction of Pacific rats to New Zealand. Their remains have never been found in association with Māori middens, and are unlikely to have been hunted due to their small size and nocturnal habits.

</doc>
<doc id="9849702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849702" title="Abuja Securities and Commodities Exchange">
Abuja Securities and Commodities Exchange

The Abuja Securities and Commodities Exchange (ASCE) is (besides the Nigerian Stock Exchange) one of two principal stock exchanges in Nigeria. It is located in Abuja, the country's capital, and it was founded in 1998.
The ASCE is primarily involved with the trading of commodities such as maize, sorghum and millet, as opposed to trading in securities such as bonds and company stock.

</doc>
<doc id="9849725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849725" title="University of Helsinki Botanical Garden">
University of Helsinki Botanical Garden

The University of Helsinki Botanical Garden is an institution subordinate to the Finnish Museum of Natural History of the University of Helsinki, which maintains a collection of live plants for use in research and teaching. The Botanical Garden has two separate sites: one in Kaisaniemi and one in Kumpula.
The Kaisaniemi Garden is open to the public. Its greenhouse is currently home to more than 800 different species of plants and its grounds to more than 2,800 plants of different origins.
Construction on the Kumpula Garden started in 1987 and opened to the public in 2009.
History of the Kaisaniemi Garden.
A walking area for the people of Helsinki.
In 1763, Governor Hans Henrik Böje rented a plot of land from the city of Helsinki bordered by Hämeen maantie (nowadays Siltasaarenkatu) and started a garden on it. In 1773, control of the garden was handed over to gardener Erik Edbom. When Helsinki became the capital in 1812, the garden became a municipal garden. Later on, in 1827, work on transforming the garden into a walking area for the denizens of Helsinki commenced according to plans drawn up by Carl Ludvig Engel. His plans divided the park into two distinct areas: a symmetrical, tree-lined park and a landscaped garden formed by winding paths. In 1829, the walking area was pared back once the Imperial Academy of Turku Botanical Garden moved next to it after the Great Fire hit Turku and the Imperial Academy relocated to Helsinki.
History of the Botanical Garden.
The University of Helsinki Botanical Garden has its roots in the Imperial Academy of Turku Botanical Garden, which was established by Professor Elias Tillandz in 1678. Tillandz’ garden was a small garden for growing cabbages and medicinal plants. After Tillandz’ death, the garden was left to its own demise until Professor Pehr Kalm took responsibility for it. The garden started to flourish as Kalm brought hundreds of useful plants with him from North America. When the Imperial Academy of Turku relocated to Helsinki in 1828, it was allocated a piece of land in Kaisaniemi that had previously served as common pasture for the people of Helsinki. Professor of Zoology and Botany Carl Reinhold Sahlberg started construction on a new garden, relying on his extensive private collection that was not destroyed in the Great Fire of Turku. Head Gardener Franz Faldermann of the Saint Petersburg Botanical Garden was commissioned to design the botanical garden. According to his plan, the garden had two separate areas: gardens and a park-like arboretum. He also planned the greenhouse buildings, of which the first was completed in 1832. Sahlberg served as the first head and organizer of the botanical garden, whose ambitious goal was to create collections of all of the plants in Finland and as many of the non-Finnish plants that thrived in Finland.
The wooden, single-storey main building designed by Engel was built in the middle of the garden by 1831. In the 1850s, it was expanded according to plans by Jean Wiik. The wood building was moved out of the way of the new main building. In its new location, it became the gardeners’ living quarters, which is the purpose it still serves today. Wiik planned an Empire Style bakehouse for the garden and a fence to protect the garden from the cows grazing in pasture nearby. Engel also planned a joint Gothic stable and cow barn, which has already been demolished.
The botanical garden’s current buildings are the handiwork of Architect Gustaf Nyström, as the original greenhouses designed by Faldermann were replaced at the end of the 19th century with new greenhouses designed by Nyström. Unlike Faldermann’s greenhouses, Nyström’s were made of wrought iron. In 1889, the large, tropical Palm House with its glass roof was finished and in 1896 the rest of the greenhouses. In 1903, construction on the institute building housing the Botanical Department and the Botanical Museum that Nyström had designed to replace the original main building now serving as the gardeners’ living quarters and the professor’s living quarters was finished. The Botanical Museum is still housed in the same building. The gardeners’ building was relocated to the western border of the botanical garden. Furthermore, wooden buildings from the 19th century were moved to the northern border of the garden from elsewhere in Helsinki during the 1990s.
During the Continuation War, the garden was hit by three bombs and the greenhouses were damaged. As a result, all of the more than 1,500 taxons in the greenhouses, with the exception of a single cypress and the seeds of a water-lily, died due to freezing temperatures. The seeds survived at the bottom of the water-lily pool and the current water-lily in the pool is the descendant of that water-lily.
In the 1950s, the greenhouses were restored and modernized and from 1996 to 1998, they were refurbished once again. The Kaisaniemi Garden and its greenhouses will continue to be used for exhibitions and research.
History of the Kumpula Garden.
In the 20th century, the university’s botanical garden started to run out of space, so when the decision was made to split the university into four separate campus areas in the 1970s, a plot of land for a new botanical garden was set aside on the Kumpula campus. 
The boundaries of the Kumpula Garden were drawn in 1987. The new garden was built in the former garden of the Kumpula Manor. It opened to public in 2009. The garden is divided up into two separate sections: one for useful plants and one where the plants are arranged according to their geographical origin. The plants are gathered from areas that have climates similar to that of southern Finland, e.g., from Europe, North America and the Far East.

</doc>
<doc id="9849780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849780" title="Axtel">
Axtel

Axtel (BMV:AXTEL), is a Mexican telecommunications company, headquartered in Monterrey, that provides telecommunication products and services in Mexico. 
Axtel is owned by Mexican business man Tomás Milmo Santos and Lorenzo Zambrano (also owner of CEMEX). It is the main competitor of Telmex, which was a monopoly until very recently.
History.
Though incorporated in 1993, it wasn't until 1997 that AXTEL received authorizations from the Mexican government to operate in the radioelectrical spectrum. The company's business plan was to compete with Telmex in local telephony by bypassing phone lines and using fixed wireless communications instead, one of the largest deployments thereof in the world. It wasn't until 1999 that the company began operating in Monterrey. It later expanded to Guadalajara, and Mexico City in 2000. Then President Ernesto Zedillo made the first "national" call in the company's network, inaugurating service nationwide. At the time, news outlets around the country saw this moment as the beginning of a true open market in the local telephony business in Mexico.
On December 4, 2006, Axtel acquired Avantel Infraestructura and Avantel, S. de R.L. de C.V. (collectively Avantel).
Avantel was a provider of Internet protocol (IP) solutions. Avantel provided telecommunications services to business, government and residential customers in Mexico. Avantel was incorporated as a 55.5%-44.5% joint-venture between Banamex and MCI, primarily oriented to provide long-distance services. Avantel brought to Axtel spectrum in various frequencies, approximately 390 kilometers of metropolitan fiber optic rings, 7,700 kilometers of long-distance fiber optic network, an IP backbone and connectivity in 200 cities in Mexico, among others.
By 2007, Axtel had expanded its coverage to 20 of the most important cities in the nation. It was in this year that the company made its initial public offering in the Mexican Stock Exchange.
AXTEL provides services using a hybrid wireline and fixed wireless local access network (including 1,079.8 kilometers of metro fiber optic rings) along with 7,700 kilometers of long-haul fiber-optic network. The Company's nationwide network includes 7,700 kilometers of fiber optic network with links to terminate long-distance traffic in over 200 cities.
Axtel offers local, long distance, Internet, and data services, such as virtual private lines, dedicated private lines, frame relay and Web-hosting.
Coverage.
Axtel claims to have enough coverage for 95% of the Mexican population and 1 Million installed phone lines.
Currently, Axtel delivers service in the following cities:
Trivia.
Axtel features in its ads the Regina Spektor song "Fidelity"

</doc>
<doc id="9849819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849819" title="Blackout Movement">
Blackout Movement

Winston "BlackOut" Thomas, better known by his stage name BlackOut or DJ BlackOut, founder & CEO of BlackOut Movement, is an American Grammy Nominated record producer, engineer and composer. Blackout is signed to Nicki Minaj's recording company.
Life and career.
BlackOut was born Winston Thomas in Freeport, NY. The son of a deejay, BlackOut has been on the turntables from an early age. He got his start working high school parties and local clubs in the New York area. It was in the club that he got his first break and met Wyclef Jean. Blackout joined the Refugee Camp as a deejay for the artist, Reptile, and got his first taste of touring in the music industry. During his time with the Refugee Camp, Blackout began dabbling in production and made it his hobby. It wasn’t long before he became a staple in the deejay industry and began playing gigs nationwide. He eventually became linked with Jada Kiss and toured with him for three years. While playing a gig in a South Beach club, D.J. Blackout slipped a CD of beats to hip hop artist, Ja Rule. This chance meeting would mark the beginning of Blackout’s career as a music producer. One of BlackOut's beats was selected to be on Ja Rule's Blood In My Eye Album. Soon after, BlackOut started his own production company Blackout Movement. Full steam ahead, BlackOut and his new company catapulted to the top of the game 1 year later when the company produced the debut album from hip-hop artist Mims, including the widely popular single “This Is Why I'm Hot”. Blackout Movement has since worked with some of the leading artists in the industry. In 2012, Blackout signed to Nicki Minaj's, yet to be named, record label.
Production style.
BlackOut produces various genres of music. Hip Hop | Pop | R&B | Reggae | and Dance Music. BlackOut states "being a DJ, I am exposed to a lot of music, all the time. That keeps me up to date" BlackOut chiefly produces with Akai MPC4000 and Pro Tools, and just recently been using Native Instruments' MASCHINE and LOGIC to create as he travels.

</doc>
<doc id="9849831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849831" title="1935 Vuelta a España">
1935 Vuelta a España

The 1st edition of Vuelta a España took place April 29 to May 15, 1935, and consisted of 14 stages and 3425 km, the winning average speed was 28.54 km/h. The Vuelta began and ended in Madrid, Spain.
The field consisted of 50 riders including 32 Spanish riders; 29 finished the race. The weather conditions (rainy and cold) were said to have been to the advantage of the Belgian riders. Belgian Gustaaf Deloor took the leaders jersey with nine minutes advantage on the third stage. Deloor was challenged by Mariano Canardo. However on the thirteenth stage, Canardo crashed and lost five minutes. On the final stage Deloor displayed panache to attack and win the stage and the General classification into Madrid.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 29 cyclists who had completed all fourteen stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="9849838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849838" title="Jerry Frei">
Jerry Frei

Gerald L. "Jerry" Frei (June 3, 1924 – February 16, 2001) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Oregon from 1967 to 1971, compiling a record of 22–29–2. At Oregon, Frei coached Dan Fouts and Ahmad Rashad. He later worked in the NFL as a coach and scout, mostly with the Denver Broncos.
Early life, playing career, and military service.
Fittingly, Frei was born in the small Wisconsin town of Oregon. He spent his early years in Brooklyn, Wisconsin, then moved with his family to Stoughton, near Madison. He graduated from Stoughton High School in 1941, shortly before his 17th birthday. He was a classmate there of Marian Benson, whom he later married in 1945. Frei was inducted into the Stoughton Hall of Fame after his death.
Frei attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison. As an 18-year-old sophomore in 1942, he was a guard for the Wisconsin Badgers. The team, which starred two-time All American end Dave Schreiner and halfback Elroy "Crazylegs" Hirsch, finished with an 8–1–1 record, ranked third in the final AP Poll, and was named the national championship by the Helms Athletic Foundation. The Badgers beat the AP national champion, Ohio State, but lost to unheralded Iowa and tied Notre Dame.
Frei served as a pilot in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, flying 67 reconnaissance missions in the Pacific theater for the 26th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron (26th PRS) of the Fifth Air Force's 6th Photographic Group. In the unarmed version of the P-38, he made solo flights over Japanese targets to take photographs in advance of bombing missions. Following World War II, he returned to Wisconsin, where he played football for the Badgers in 1946 and 1947. He graduated in 1948.
Coaching career.
Early coaching positions.
Journeying to Oregon at the recommendation of a fellow pilot, Don Garbarino, Frei quickly became a popular high school football coach at Grant High School in Portland, Oregon. He became head coach at Lincoln High School in 1950, then line coach at Willamette University in 1952.
Oregon.
Frei joined Len Casanova's football staff at the University of Oregon as freshman coach in 1955. He replaced Casanova as the Duck's 25th head coach in 1967. He had a 22–29–4 record for his five seasons as head coach. His 1970 team finished second in the Pacific-8 Conference and he twice was United Press International's national coach of the Week that season. His son, Terry Frei, suggests in his book that Frei was criticized for not maintaining "discipline" on the team when some of his players protested the Vietnam war and wore their hair long on what was then a turbulent campus. Frei himself was known to be conservative, but his philosophy was that especially because he had flown in combat at age 20 and had been forced to grow up fast, he wasn't going to try to control his young players' lives, dictate their hairstyles, or attempt to censor their political views away from the field. He steadfastly refused to call his players "kids," and some made fun of or never understood his unvarying references to them as "young men." Frei resigned as head coach on January 19, 1972, two months after the 1971 had season ended following a dispute with the athletic director, who recommended that Frei fire assistant coaches. His final Oregon staff included future NFL head coaches John Robinson, George Seifert, and Gunther Cunningham, future NFL defensive coordinator John Marshall, and Bruce Snyder, the later the head coach at the University of California, Berkeley and Arizona State University.
National Football League.
Frei was an assistant coach with the Broncos (1972–1975), Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1976–1977) and Chicago Bears (1978–1980), returning to the Broncos in 1981. He was a Broncos offensive line coach under John Ralston and Dan Reeves before going into scouting and administration, and he wound down his full-time career as the team's director of college scouting. After his retirement, Frei served as a consultant until his death in 2001.
Family.
Frei's eldest son, David, has hosted the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show since 1990. He once served as the public relations director for ABC Sports, the Denver Broncos, and the San Francisco 49ers. He has been the WKC's director of communications since 2003. He is an advocate of service dogs, serving in organizations and writing books on the subject.
His second son, Terry, is a sports writer for "The Denver Post" and his books include: 1, "Olympic Affair: A Novel of Hitler's Siren and America's Hero"; 2, "Playing Piano in a Brothel"; 3, "Horns, Hogs, and Nixon Coming"; 4, "Third Down and a War to Go: The All-American 1942 Wisconsin Badgers"; 5, '"77: Denver, the Broncos and a Coming of Age", and 6, "The Witch's Season", a novel clearly based on Frei's Oregon teams and the men and women on the campus in those times.
Frei's daughter, Judy Kaplan, is a former schoolteacher who now is a community volunteer in the Denver area. Another daughter, Susan Frei Earley, is a former principal with the Colorado Ballet who also danced with the Tampa Ballet and Tennessee Dance Theatre. She is the ballet mistress with the Tulsa Ballet. A third daughter, Nancy McCormick, is a senior legal assistant with the Chicago law firm of Barlit, Beck, Herman, Palenchar and Scott. Frei's widow, Marian, died in Lakewood, Colorado, in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9849840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849840" title="Maddie Corman">
Maddie Corman

Maddie Corman (born August 15, 1970) is an American television actress. She has appeared in the films "Seven Minutes in Heaven", "Some Kind of Wonderful" and "The Adventures of Ford Fairlane".
Career.
Born Madeleine Cornman in Manhattan, New York, she began her career as a child actress in the 1980s. Corman's first television appearance was in the 1985 "ABC Afterschool Special" episode "I Want to Go Home" where she co-starred with John Getz, Seth Green and Marge Redmond.
That same year she was cast in the Linda Feferman-directed teen comedy-drama motion picture "Seven Minutes in Heaven". Corman starred opposite actress Jennifer Connelly as 'Polly Franklin', Connelly's character's intervening and overzealous best friend who is in love with a Major League baseball player named 'Zoo Knudsen' (Billy Wirth).
In 1987, Corman appeared in the John Hughes film "Some Kind of Wonderful" as "Laura", the little sister of Keith Corman, played by Eric Stoltz.
Her follow up film was the 1990 Renny Harlin-directed comedy "The Adventures of Ford Fairlane" opposite Andrew "Dice" Clay, Priscilla Presley, Wayne Newton, Lauren Holly and Gilbert Gottfried.
Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, Corman has frequently appeared on numerous popular American television series. She has made several appearances as various characters on the television drama "Law & Order" and the HBO comedy "Tracey Takes On..." opposite comedienne Tracey Ullman. She had a recurring role as Ruthie on the ABC comedy series "All-American Girl" (1994–1995) starring Margaret Cho. She has also appeared small roles in such films as "Swingers" (1996), "Mickey Blue Eyes" (1999) and "Maid in Manhattan" (2002).
Personal life.
Corman married Jason "Jace" Alexander, a television and stage director on September 6, 1998, in Carmel, New York. She counts actor and thespian Eric Stoltz, with whom she appeared in "Some Kind of Wonderful", as a personal friend. Jace and Maddie have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9849877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849877" title="Louis J. Salmon">
Louis J. Salmon

Louis J. "Red" Salmon (June 10, 1880 – September 27, 1965) is considered to be the first outstanding fullback for the University of Notre Dame football team. He was the first "Fighting Irish" player to win an All-American mention, and some sports historians argue that he served as the team's "de facto" coach during the 1902–1903 season. This honor, however, is often accorded to teammate James Farragher. Both men are widely credited as acting head coaches in official histories of the "Fighting Irish" football team, and Salmon is recognized as head coach during the 1903–1904 season.
Playing career.
Born in Syracuse, New York, Salmon made his mark in collegiate football in 1903, when (as a senior) he scored 105 points. His career record of 36 touchdowns remained a school standard until 1985. At six feet and three inches, and 230 pounds, Salmon was a force to be reckoned with on the gridiron. As one writer observed: "The alabaster-skinned Salmon has been described as both a slasher and a smasher, a colorful way of saying he would run right over you if he could not run around you". Moreover, in an era when a wet pigskin might weigh as much as 14 pounds, Salmon averaged 30 yards with his punts. In 1903, Salmon was named to Walter Camp's third All-America team.
Coaching career and legacy.
During the 1903–1904 season, Salmon served officially as head coach of the "Fighting Irish". He presided over a lackluster season of 5-4, and as one writer has commented, "The team needed Salmon on the field, not on the sidelines". After graduating with a degree in engineering, the former sports hero rarely returned to campus and underplayed his outstanding athletic career. Nevertheless, he would be remembered as one of collegiate football's "greats". Louis "Red Salmon was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9849907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849907" title="Redwood Games">
Redwood Games

Redwood Games is an American creator of educational video games, notably the Math Rescue and Word Rescue series, as well as Pickle Wars.
History.
It was created about 1990 by Karen Crowther (now Karen Chun). Named after the Redwood Trees of Mendocino California, the company is now located on Maui. Games developed at Redwood Games include Math Rescue, Word Rescue, Talking ABC's, Pickle Wars and Rescue the Scientist. Math and Word Rescue were distributed by Apogee Software as shareware. Rescue the Scientist was published by Compton's. 

</doc>
<doc id="9849929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9849929" title="Roland Lamah">
Roland Lamah

Roland Conde Lamah (born 31 December 1987) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Osasuna.
Career.
Born in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, Lamah has played club football in Belgium, the Netherlands, France and Spain for Visé, Anderlecht, Roda JC, Le Mans, Le Mans B and Osasuna.
Lamah has represented Belgium at international youth level, and made his senior international debut in 2009.
On 15 January 2013, Swansea City signed Lamah on an initial 18-month loan after which Swansea can make it a permanent move. He made his debut on 19 January by coming on as a substitute in a 3–1 win against Stoke City.He scored his first Premier League goal against Aston Villa, heading home a Pablo Hernandez cross. He crossed after receiving a pass from Jonjo Shelvey, and the Belgian was there, to head home, whilst unmarked at the back post. Lamah scored his second goal for Swansea against West Bromwich Albion on 15th March 2014 in a 1-2 home defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="9850007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850007" title="Chris McIntosh">
Chris McIntosh

Chris McIntosh (born February 20, 1977) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for two seasons during the early 2000s. McIntosh played college football for the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and earned All-American honors. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the first round of the 2000 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the Seahawks until his career was cut short by an injury.
Early years.
McIntosh was born in Pewaukee, Wisconsin. He attended Pewaukee High School, and played for the Pewaukee Pirates high school football team.
College career.
McIntosh attended the University of Wisconsin, where he was a standout tackle for the Wisconsin Badgers football team from 1996 to 1999. As a senior in 1999, he was a team captain and a first-team All-Big Ten selection, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American. McIntosh was a member of the Badgers' Rose Bowl championship teams in 1999 and 2000.
Professional career.
Along with Shaun Alexander, McIntosh was drafted by the Seahawks in the first round in 2000; McIntosh's playing time increased as the 2000 season went on. McIntosh started in 10 games for the Seahawks as a rookie, but was limited to three starts in 2001 because of a recurring neck injury he suffered during training camp. McIntosh retired from the NFL after the 2002 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9850024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850024" title="La Bala">
La Bala

The la Bala is a homebuilt car designed and constructed by Steve Graber. It has a tube frame chassis with a Toyota 4A-GE engine in a mid-rear configuration, though most front-wheel drive engine configurations can be mounted in it. It was unveiled at the 2007 Knott's Berry Farm National Kit Car Show, shown in the picture above. There are currently more in production, including one with a Volkswagen TDi engine.
External links.
www.rtecmotorsports.com

</doc>
<doc id="9850029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850029" title="Tombstone Courthouse State Historic Park">
Tombstone Courthouse State Historic Park

Tombstone Courthouse State Historic Park is a state park of Arizona in the United States. Located in Tombstone, the park preserves the original Cochise County courthouse. The two-story building, constructed in 1882 in the Victorian style, is laid out in the shape of a cross and once contained various county offices, including those of the sheriff, recorder, treasurer, and the Board of Supervisors as well as courtrooms and a jail. Inside, the courthouse contains a museum with numerous artifacts from the town’s history while outside, a replica gallows has been constructed in the courtyard to mark the spot where seven men were hanged for various crimes. The park was one of the first to be designated as a state park and in 1959 was the first to open following the 1957 establishment of the Arizona State Parks Board.
History.
Following the 1877 discovery of silver ore by prospector Ed Schieffelin in southeastern Arizona, the town of Tombstone was founded and grew rapidly as miners flooded the area in the hope of finding their fortunes. At the time, the area was part of Pima County with the county seat Tucson being a rugged two-day, 70-mile journey away. In 1881, the residents of the thriving boomtown voted to separate from Pima County and the territorial legislature subsequently formed a new county, Cochise County. A new courthouse was built the following year and housed all of the county’s offices.
Tombstone remained the county seat until 1929, when outvoted by a growing Bisbee, and the county seat was moved there. The last county office left the courthouse in 1931.
Except for an ill-fated attempt to convert the courthouse into a hotel during the 1940s, the building stood vacant until 1955. When the Tombstone Restoration Commission acquired it, they began the courthouse rehabilitation and the development as a historical museum that has continued to operate as a state park since 1959. It features exhibits and thousands of artifacts which tell of Tombstone's colorful past.
The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9850078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850078" title="Gudfiyya">
Gudfiyya

The Gudfiyya (or Goudfiyya, and other spellings) brotherhood was a small, militant religious organization created by the Sufi Qadiriyya shaykh Ma al-'Aynayn, in his battle against French and Spanish colonizers in the western Maghreb.
A member of the Gudfiyya in 1905 assassinated Xavier Coppolani, stalling French attempts to attack the Adrar emirate in today's northern Mauritania.

</doc>
<doc id="9850093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850093" title="Battle of Tangdao">
Battle of Tangdao

The Battle of Tangdao (唐岛之战) was a naval engagement that took place in 1161 between the Jurchen Jin and the Southern Song Dynasty of China on the East China Sea. The conflict was part of the Jin-Song wars, and was fought near Tangdao Island. It was an attempt by the Jin to invade and conquer the Southern Song Dynasty, yet resulted in failure and defeat for the Jurchens. The Jin Dynasty navy was set on fire by firearms and Fire Arrows, suffering heavy losses. For this battle, the commander of the Song Dynasty squadron, Li Bao, faced the opposing commander Zheng Jia, the admiral of the Jin Dynasty. On the fate of Zheng Jia, the historical text of the "Jin Shi" states:
This battle was followed by another naval confrontation, the Battle of Caishi (采石之战) taking place in 1161. The battle is significant in the technological history of the Song navy. The 20th century historian Joseph Needham has called the era "one of continual innovation" when the size of the Song fleet grew "from a total of 11 squadrons and 3,000 men Song navy rose in one century to 20 squadrons totalling 52,000 men, with its main base near Shanghai." They were further reinforced by the aid of seafaring Chinese merchants.The technological gains of the Song navy ensured its access and dominance of the East China Sea for centuries in competition with the military forces of Jurchen and Mongol rivals. By 1129, the Song navy had invented gunpowder bombs for warship trebuchets. The weapon was made mandatory for all ships in the Song fleet. The construction of paddle-wheel ships, operated with treadmills, went on for several decades between 1132 and 1183. The engineer Gao Xuan devised a paddle-wheel ship outfitted with up to eleven paddle-wheels on each side. Iron plating for armoring the ships was designed in 1203 by the engineer Qin Shifu.

</doc>
<doc id="9850131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850131" title="The Maiden with the Rose on her Forehead">
The Maiden with the Rose on her Forehead

The Maiden with the Rose on her Forehead is a Portuguese fairy tale collected by 
Consiglieri Pedroso in "Portuguese Folk-Tales".
Synopsis.
A prince had a garden, which he allowed no one to tend but himself. One day, he had to go to war; his sister promised to look after it. She remained in the garden day and night and became pregnant. Ashamed of herself, she gave birth to her daughter, who had a rose on her forehead, and raised her secretly, sending her to school with directions to never let anyone know who she was. The prince saw her at school, and she made a shirt for him but never revealed anything. One day, the children played with cherry pits, and one fell on the girl; her mother thought she had revealed herself, killed her, and put the body in an iron chest in a room. Her grief and guilt killed her; before she died, she gave her brother the key and forbade him to enter.
The prince married and forbade his wife to enter the room. His mother-in-law encouraged her daughter, and they went in and found the girl in the iron chest, sewing. Jealous, they burned her all over with a hot iron and told the prince that she was a mulatta they had bought to run errands. 
When the prince went to the fair, he asked her what she wanted; she asked for a talisman. When he brought it, he was curious and hid to learn what she would do; she poured out her story to the talisman, and the prince burned his wife and mother-in-law as they had burned his niece and turned them out of his home.

</doc>
<doc id="9850146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850146" title="2007 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played between March 8 and March 11, 2007 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. The Ohio State Buckeyes won the tournament, thus receiving the Big Ten's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
Seeds.
All Big Ten schools played in the tournament. Teams were seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.

</doc>
<doc id="9850154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850154" title="Leon Burke III">
Leon Burke III

Dr. Leon Burke III is an American musician, singer, and conductor from St. Louis, Missouri. He began his musical studies at age 12 and by age 16 was conducting orchestras.
Personal life.
Dr. Leon Burke III is a native St. Louisan, where he attended Mc Bride High School and John Burroughs School. He holds music degrees from the Oberlin Conservatory and the University of Kansas. Burke studied as a Fulbright Fellow in Paraguay.
Dr. Burke writes: "I was born in St. Louis into a family of teachers. My aunt was the first black woman to earn a doctorate from St. Louis University. She was a major influence in my life and introduced me to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. when I was young. I began to dedicate my life to music when I began my music studies at age 12. My instruments were piano and organ but I also sang."
Professional life.
Dr. Burke is the Music Director and Conductor of the University City Symphony Orchestra and Assistant Conductor of the Saint Louis Symphony Chorus. He conducts the Cadenza Orchestra of the Saint Charles County Youth Orchestra Program and is the Music Director of the Belleville Philharmonic Youth Orchestra. He is also the Choir Director at Eliot Unitarian Chapel in Kirkwood.
Outside of the St. Louis area, he is the Conductor for the Metropolitan Ballet of Topeka, where he conducts "The Nutcracker" every December. Dr. Burke also conducted "Amahl and the Night Visitors" in Jefferson City, Missouri, during the 2008 holiday season. He teaches voice at East Central College in Union and St. Louis University. He conducts concerts most summers with the Asuncion Symphony (National Orchestra of Paraguay) where he is the Principal Guest Conductor. While in Paraguay, he also works with the National Youth Orchestra. In Summer 2009, he performed concerts in Tucuman, Argentina.
Dr. Burke has served as Conductor/Music Director of the Lawrence Chamber Players, the Hutchinson Symphony, and the McPherson Symphony. He has been on the faculties of Baker University, Sterling College, Hutchinson Community College, and Webster University.
Dr. Burke is an active member of Unitarian Universalists Musicians Network (UUMN). He served as a member of the UUA New Hymn Resource Task Force, which was appointed in the Fall of 2003 to create a new congregational hymn resource. "Singing the Journey" debuted at the 2005 UUA General Assembly to enthusiastic reviews.
Dr. Burke has won the Arts for Life Award for Best Achievement in Musical Direction for his work with Spotlight Theater’s production of "Titanic" in 2003. Other productions with the Spotlight Theater ("Chicago, Jekyll and Hyde, West Side Story") were honored with nominations for Best Musical Production, and two more nominations for Dr. Burke for Best Musical Director. All the nominated productions were performed at Marquette High School during the summers.
Dr. Leon Burke III is on the roster of cover conductors for the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra. He made his SLSO concert conducting debut on February 21, 2009, leading the orchestra, the symphony's IN UNISON Chorus, and the University of Missouri-St. Louis Community Chorus as part of the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra's annual "Lift Every Voice: Black History Month Celebration" concert. The second half of the concert featured "A Tribute to Mae Wheeler".
Education.
Dr. Leon Burke has also studied with Sir Georg Solti, Leonard Slatkin, Edo de Waart, and Jorge Mester.

</doc>
<doc id="9850169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850169" title="A Man Needs a Maid">
A Man Needs a Maid

A Man Needs a Maid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9850171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850171" title="List of people executed in New Zealand">
List of people executed in New Zealand

A total of 85 people were executed under New Zealand's capital punishment system while it was in force. An additional five people were executed under military regulations in World War I.
List of executed persons.
Military executions.
In addition to those executed under New Zealand's regular criminal justice system, five New Zealand soldiers fighting as part of the Allied war effort in World War I were court martialed and executed.
The executions, carried out by firing squad, were not made public at the time. All five were pardoned in 2000 when Parliament concluded that their conviction had been unjust, and that today, all would be regarded as mentally unfit to serve. Two (King and Sweeney) were born in Australia.
Number of executions by location.
Initially, executions were carried out in public, and could be conducted at any suitable location — in at least one case (Joseph Burns, 1848) the prisoner was taken to the scene of the crime for execution. Executions from 1862 were carried out in private. Later, the number of locations was reduced to only two — Auckland (generally Mount Eden Prison) and Wellington (generally Mount Crawford Prison). In total, ten cities were the sites of executions.
References.
http://www.truecrimelibrary.com/crime_series_show.php?id=204&series_number=3

</doc>
<doc id="9850192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850192" title="Palaemonetes">
Palaemonetes

Palaemonetes is a genus of caridean shrimp comprising a geographically diverse group of fresh and brackish-water crustaceans. Conventionally, "Palaemonetes" includes the following species:
Molecular data suggest however that "Palaemonetes" is not phylogenetically distinct from the genus "Palaemon". Phylogenetically species of "Palaemonetes", as well as those in the genera "Exopalaemon" and "Couteriella", are nested within "Palaemon". Phylogenetic affinities in these groups correspond better with geographical origin than conventional genus assignments.

</doc>
<doc id="9850218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850218" title="Ilčo Naumoski">
Ilčo Naumoski

Ilčo Naumoski () (born 29 July 1983 in Prilep) is a Macedonian football player currently playing as a striker for FK Vardar in Macedonia. He has spent the majority of his career in Austria, having played with Grazer AK from 2002-2004 and for Mattersburg from 2005 until 2013.
Career.
Inter Baku.
In August 2013, Naumoski signed a one-year contract with Inter Baku of the Azerbaijan Premier League, with the option of a second year. After only 4 appearances for the club and no goals, Naumoski's contract was terminated. 
International career.
He scored one of his nine goals for Macedonia against Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="9850236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850236" title="List of East Asian stock exchanges">
List of East Asian stock exchanges

This is a list of East Asian stock exchanges. The list is arranged geographically north to south: East Asia, Southeast Asia and Oceania. Note: Entries in "italics" indicate a market that has been merged with another.

</doc>
<doc id="9850290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850290" title="Tashi Tsering (Jamyang Buddhist Centre)">
Tashi Tsering (Jamyang Buddhist Centre)

Tashi Tsering () (born 1958) has been the resident Tibetan Buddhist teacher at Jamyang Buddhist Centre, London, since 1994. 
Tsering was born in Purang, Tibet in 1958, and his parents escaped to India in 1959. He entered Sera Mey Monastic University in South India when he was 13 years old, and graduated with a Lharampa Geshe degree 16 years later. Geshe Tashi then entered the Higher Tantric College (Gyuto) for a year of study.
Tsering's teaching career began at Sera, after which he taught the monks at Kopan Monastery, Nepal for a year. He went on to the Gandhi Foundation College in Nagpur, India and then moved to Europe, initially to Nalanda Monastery in the South of France. 
Tsering teaches in English and is renowned for his warmth, clarity and humour. Besides Jamyang, he is a regular guest teacher at other Buddhist centres in the UK and around the world as well as creator and teacher of the Foundation of Buddhist Thought, the two-year FPMT correspondence and campus course on the basics of Tibetan Buddhism.
Geshe-la should not be confused with Geshe Tashi Tsering of Chenrezig Institute, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9850303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850303" title="Robert H. Pierson">
Robert H. Pierson

Robert Howard Pierson (1911–1989) was a president of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. In 1935 he went to work in Bombay, India. In 1939, while in India, he was ordained as a minister of the Adventist church. He returned to the United States in 1942 and was appointed to administrative positions of the church and also went to positions in the overseas divisions of the church till elected president of the General Conference in 1966 and served till his retirement in 1979.
Biography.
He served as president of the British West Indies Union (1944–1947), president of the Southern Asia Division (1950–1954), president of the Kentucky-Tennessee Conference (1954–1957), president of the Texas Conference (1957–1958), president of the Southern Africa Division (1958–1962), president of the Trans-African Division (1962–1966), and ultimately, president of the General Conference (1966–1979).
As of 2007, Pierson is the second-longest serving church president after A. G. Daniells.
Raymond Cottrell wrote, "Robert H. Pierson was a gracious person, a dedicated Adventist, a gentleman in every way, but also a person with clear objectives and resolute determination to achieve them." He describes Pierson, Gordon M. Hyde and Gerhard Hasel as the "three architects" behind "the decade of obscurantism (1969-1979)". According to Cottrell this "triumvirate" attempted to gain control of Adventist biblical studies in this decade.
Publications and theology.
Pierson was a prolific writer, both of prose and poetry. His biography "Radiant With Hope" lists him as author of 28 books, many of them translated into multiple languages, as well as hundreds of articles.
Pierson wrote both adventure stories and devotional works. Journals, such as the Youth Instructor, a journal for Adventist youth (now discontinued), published both type of essays by him. In 1955, a seven part series entitled Forbidden Lands and Strange Places, Pierson described his travel to Afghanistan.
Through the printed pages of the "Review & Herald" (now "Adventist Review") and "Ministry" magazines, he appealed to the laity and leadership of the denomination to hold fast to teachings of the church reflected in the church's fundamental beliefs, including the doctrine of the work of Jesus Christ as High Priest in the heavenly sanctuary, and the concept of the true believers overcoming all their sins, with the aid of God, prior to their baptism with the power of the Holy Spirit ("the falling of the Latter Rain") to proclaim the Three Angels' Messages of Revelation 14 to the world, calling upon the people to take a stand for "the commandments of God (including the seventh-day Sabbath - Saturday) and the faith of Jesus". He wrote this theme in his papers and in his sermons, "Christ is waiting with longing desire for the manifestation of Himself in His church. When the character of Christ is perfectly reproduced in His people, then He will come to claim them as His own." ["Christ's Object Lessons", page 69. Ellen G. White. 1900]
His appeal at the 1973 Annual Council was for a revival and a reformation of true godliness in the church, to prepare the church for the climactic events of the future. The lack of interest by both laity and leadership to this appeal was later described by him as "the greatest disappointment in my life". 
In October 1978, faced with a risk of incurring a stroke due to the relentless pressures of his presidency, to the surprise of all those attending a session of the Annual Council, he announced his retirement from the presidency, effective January 3, 1979. He presented his final speech as President on October 16, 1978, the same day Cardinal Karol Wojtyla was elected by the Conclave in the Vatican to succeed the late Pope John Paul I, is regarded as his most memorable. He outlined the changes that typically occur in a religious movement through the generations as it moves away from its more humbler, marginalized, but convicted, and dedicated beginnings to a much larger, acceptable, but more compromised position of the day. He appealed for the church not lose its way towards a materialistic, secularistic, compromising approach to the Advent faith. 

</doc>
<doc id="9850343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850343" title="Rue Vaneau">
Rue Vaneau

Rue Vaneau is a street in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France. It is named after Louis Vaneau (1811–1830), a student of the École Polytechnique, who was killed while charging the "Caserne de Babylone" (barracks) during the July Revolution.
It is close to the personal residence of the Prime Minister of France, rue de Varenne.
Karl Marx lived in this street when he was in Paris between 1843 and 1845. It is now populated by Hotels, apartments, and high class department stores.

</doc>
<doc id="9850364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850364" title="Mark Hopkins">
Mark Hopkins

Mark Hopkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9850376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850376" title="Robert Pierson">
Robert Pierson


</doc>
<doc id="9850400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850400" title="The Big Front Yard">
The Big Front Yard

The Big Front Yard is a science fiction short story by Clifford D. Simak which won a 1959 Hugo Award for Best Novelette. It was also included in "The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, Volume Two" (1973) after being voted one of the best novellas up to 1965.
Summary.
The story is about the conversion of an ordinary house into an interplanetary portal or stargate by mysterious alien beings who apparently have taken up the task of exploring space for habitable planets and connecting them to each other, thus allowing civilizations to swap ideas easily. 
In the story, a tinkerer and trader, Hiram Taine, finds out that his house contains peculiar creatures who repair and upgrade things in interesting ways and transform parts of his house to a substance impervious to harm. After unearthing a spaceship buried in the backyard, he discovers that the front part of his house is no longer on Earth but on a strange desert planet which is now accessible by merely passing through the front door. A little exploration in the desert reveals the existence of another similar house which opens to a rainy planet. The story ends with the arrival of the natives of the desert planet, who are eager to trade ideas with the new member of the universal "planet-network".

</doc>
<doc id="9850427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9850427" title="Herbert Ryman">
Herbert Ryman

Herbert Dickens Ryman (June 28, 1910 – February 10, 1989) was an artist and Disney Imagineer who worked in watercolor, oils, and pen & ink sketches. He was a personal friend of Walt Disney and was called upon to help the Walt Disney Studios (Burbank) on many special projects over a five decade span. Ryman went to work for Disney in 1938 when such full-length animated films as Pinocchio (1940 film), Dumbo, Fantasia (1940 film) and others were in the planning stages. On September 23, 1953, upon the personal request of Walt Disney, Mr. Ryman completed several drawings which Roy O. Disney took to New York City to show the bankers in order to secure the loan for the original $17 million used to build Disneyland. He was the chief designer of the Cinderella Castle at the Walt Disney World Resort. He also help design many major pictures for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and 20th Century Fox during Hollywood's "golden age." He was a major contributor to the screen styling of David Copperfield, A Tale of Two Cities, Anna Karenina and Mutiny on the Bounty. He graduated cum laude in 1932 from the Chicago Art Institute. In 1990, Herb Ryman was inducted into the Disney Legends program. His sister, Lucille Carroll, helped found the Ryman-Carroll Foundation.

</doc>
