<doc id="9649533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649533" title="EasyGroup">
EasyGroup

EasyGroup (styled as easyGroup, incorporated as EasyGroup Holdings Ltd), founded in 1998, is the holding company controlling the "easy" group of companies. It is privately owned by Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou. Through its wholly owned subsidiary EasyGroup IP Licensing Ltd, the company licences the Easy brand to other businesses. Since 2012 Easygroup has also licensed the Fastjet brand to the low-cost African airline.
The company was established to expand the "easy" brand following the successful launch of EasyJet in 1995. The first use of “easy” after EasyJet was to EasyInternetcafé established in June 1999. This was followed in 2000 with the establishment of EastRentacar, later renamed EasyCar.
All "easy" branded companies offer a no-frills service and use the yield management system to set prices. In the last few years the company has recruited franchise partners to expand its activities. The group is registered in the Cayman Islands, but operates from its office in Kensington, London.
EasyGroup brands.
EasyGroup publishes brand guidelines for all Easy companies to follow, together with the company's brand values: 
EasyJet.
EasyJet is a low-cost airline which began flying on 10 November 1995. It is one of the two largest budget airlines in Europe, alongside its sometimes bitter rival Ryanair. It was the first company owned by EasyGroup to use the "easy" prefix. EasyJet Airline Company Limited is a separate company which licenses the "easyJet" name from easyGroup.
Fastjet.
Fastjet is a low cost airline established in 2012 that operates in Africa, following a similar business model to EasyJet. It is the first non-Easy brand-name licensed by EasyGroup.
EasyCar.
In April 2000 the company set-up the car rental company EasyRentacar (later renamed EasyCar), with the only rental car available being the Mercedes-Benz A-Class. The new EasyCar company now operates as an international car rental broker via the Internet.
EasyCarClub was launched by EasyCar in February 2014 as a peer-to-peer rental scheme that allows members to rent under-used private cars from one another. It was trialled in London during 2013.
EasyBus.
EasyBus began operating on 30 July 2004. The company currently offers a low-cost express minibus service between Central London and three London airports: Gatwick, Stansted and Luton. Journeys can be booked via the EasyBus website, or customers can purchase, usually at higher prices, from the EasyBus airport sales desks, or by paying the driver if joining in London. Online bookings offer guaranteed seats on specific services.
EasyPizza.
A delivery-only pizza company launched in 2004. EasyPizza ceased to operate their independent franchised stores in December 2009, and teamed up with Just Eat, who operate as a third party to local pizza takeaway and delivery companies.
EasyHotel.
EasyHotel is a "no frills super budget" hotel operator which started with one hotel in 2005, and now has 20 hotels in various locations in London (Victoria, Old St, South Kensington, Paddington and Heathrow) as well as Luton, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Basel, Zurich, Budapest, Sofia, Porto, Berlin, Larnaca, Dubai, Edinburgh, Budapest, The Hague and Glasgow. Rooms contain either a double bed or twin si8gle beds, are en-suite and one wall panel is orange in colour with corporate logos on the wall and doors. Toiletries (except soap/shampoo) are not supplied and the use of the TV and the housekeeping facility is additional. Reservations must be made online, with the less expensive stays given the further in advance of booking.
EasyOffice.
EasyOffice was established by EasyGroup in 2007, and runs low-cost serviced office space in Croydon.
EasyGym.
EasyGroup announced the launch of a chain of no frill gyms called EasyGym in May 2011, with the first two branches in Slough and Wood Green. EasyGym now owns ten gyms across the UK including their flagship in Central London on Oxford Street.
Dormant businesses.
EasyValue.
EasyValue was an internet shopping comparison site that began trading in November 2000. In 2002 EasyValue was challenged by Ryanair for displaying its flights without their permission.
EasyMoney.
On 21 August 2001 the credit card company, EasyMoney was set up with Accucard (now part of Lloyds TSB), which was expanded on 14 February 2005 with the announcement that unbundled car insurance products provided by Zurich would be sold later in the year at EasyMoney insurance. In April 2006, EasyGroup linked with Moneysupermarket.com to provide a financial product comparison website. This coincided with the withdrawal of the EasyMoney credit card.
EasyCinema.
On 23 May 2003 the cinema company, EasyCinema at The Point, Milton Keynes was opened at a former UCI site, offering screenings from 20p if booked well in advance. The cinema initially struggled as major distributors were not prepared to release new films to the company using the yield-management model. First run films later became available, but at fixed prices. The cinema also relented on not serving popcorn and drinks, which previously went unsold to save on staffing costs.
Towards the end of its life, the cinema site also housed an EasyInternetcafé and was a pick-up point for EasyPizza. However, following a dispute over unpaid rent with the landlord, Odeon, which resulted in eviction, the EasyCinema closed in May 2006 and reopened as an Odeon cinema. The closure of the Milton Keynes EasyCinema appears to have curtailed the desired expansion into London's West End.
In March 2005 saw the commencement of EasyCinema Online DVD Rental (stylised as easyCinema), first announced in November 2004. This is a partnership with LOVEFiLM, the company operating rental services for several other retail brands. However, unlike many online DVD rental services, there is no monthly subscription but the user purchases rental credits. On 1 August 2012 the easyCinema website and branding ceased and became wholly branded as LOVEFiLM.
Easy4Men.
On 9 December 2004 the men's toiletries range Easy4Men was launched together with Boots. Originally conceived to challenge Gillette, the product line did not include a razor. After disappointing sales the partnership with Boots was dissolved in 2006. As of 2011, it is no longer in operation.
EasyMusic.
EasyMusic began operation on 22 December 2004 in conjunction with Wippit. It sold copyrighted music downloads offered from 25p, although the minimum transaction value is £1 and there are charges for using credit cards and SMS payment methods. The service stopped selling downloads in January 2008, but began to sells CDs in conjunction with CDwow.
EasyCruise.
A no frills cruise ship called EasyCruise was launched on Friday 6 May 2005, targeting the 18-40 age-group, rather than the traditional retired market. The first vessel was known as "EasyCruiseOne". Expansion of the EasyCruise fleet was announced in 2006. A franchise operation using a converted river freighter "EasyCruiseTwo" operated from 2006 until 17 August 2007. EasyCruise was sold to Hellenic Seaways in August 2009 for £9 million.
EasyMobile.
EasyMobile was a mobile virtual network operator, launched in March 2005 as a pay as you go service in partnership with TDC. The service closed in December 2006. Rival mobile service, Orange, attempted to sue EasyGroup as it claimed the use of the orange EasyMobile logo breached its trademark and could confuse customers. The EasyMobile service was also launched in the Netherlands, but this service closed at short notice at the end of July 2006. 
Legal action.
In the past EasyGroup has threatened legal action against several businesses using "easy" as part of their name. In 2005, EasyGroup threatened legal action against a Welsh company which had been trading as EasyMobile since 2003, two years before the launch of EasyGroup's EasyMobile business. EasyGroup dropped action against London businessman Karl Kahn after it emerged that his EasyPizza business predated EasyGroup's business of the same name by several years. In 2008, a restaurant in Northampton agreed to stop calling itself "easyCurry" after threats of legal action from EasyGroup.
In 2012, a Northwich-based gym called Easy Exercise was challenged that it could not use the Easy name, with EasyGroup citing “The easy name is synonymous with quality, value for money services and we have a duty to protect the public from its unauthorised use.” 
In July 2010, Sir Stelios criticised the previous chief executive of easyJet's (Andy Harrison) handling of airline punctuality. In a statement he said: “I have been receiving many unsolicited complaints from members of the public and even easyJet pilots about the degree that the airline is short of crew to operate the flights it sold to its customers. Unless Mike Rake chairman and Carolyn McCall new chief executive do something to improve the situation for the sake of the travelling public, I am left with no option but to terminate the brand licence.” Other differences have emerged concerning travel-associated "extras" such as hotel bookings under the "easyJethotels" brand, and car hire under "easyJetcarhire". EasyGroup contended that it licenced the "easyJet" brand primarily for airline use, and that using the brand for hotel and car hire interfered with other easyGroup businesses.
Logo.
The EasyGroup logo is known for its distinctive orange colour, Pantone 021. The logo uses the Cooper Black font, with lower case used for the "easy" part of the business name.

</doc>
<doc id="9649552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649552" title="Gail Grainger">
Gail Grainger

Gail Grainger is an English actress best remembered for her role as Moira Plunkett, a travel courier, in the 1972 comedy film "Carry On Abroad".
Background.
Gail Grainger took up dancing at the age of six and studied at a theatrical school. She had television roles in her teens in the BBC’s production of Gilbert and Sullivan’s "Iolanthe" and in ATV’s daily serial "Crossroads".
"Carry on Abroad".
In "Carry on Abroad" (1972), Grainger played Miss Plunkett,an assistant to tour courier Stuart Farquhar (Kenneth Williams), a character type often played by Valerie Leon in earlier "Carry On" films. The couriers led a party that included Sid James, Joan Sims, Charles Hawtrey, Barbara Windsor, Kenneth Connor, June Whitfield, Sally Geeson and Carol Hawkins on a weekend trip to the Spanish holiday resort of Elsbels. Her phlegmatic and slightly bemused approach to a series of disastrous situations culminated in her extricating the party from a foreign jail by making advances to the local police chief. In some ways this was a stereotypical "Carry On" part: a young woman in a uniform who, from time to time, was reduced to a state of semi-undress, as, for example, when the touring party consumed an elixir with pronounced aphrodisiacal qualities.
Other roles.
On stage Grainger played three parts - a fantasy maid, a nurse and a member of a female gang led by Kate O'Mara as Madame Gerda - in a 1971 play entitled "Dead Duck" produced by Leslie Phillips, based on the television series "The Avengers". This was first performed in Birmingham and later at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London. She subsequently appeared with Leslie Phillips, and under his direction, in Joyce Rayburn’s comedy "The Man Most Likely To ...", both at the Duke of York's Theatre in London and on a world tour. "The Man Most Likely To ..." opened initially at the Vaudeville Theatre, on 4 July 1968, and ran to over 1,000 performances in London.
She also appeared in episodes of a number of television series, including "Casanova '73" (also with Leslie Phillips, 1973), "Warship" (as Heather Gardiner in the episode "The Man from the Sea", 1974), "The Sweeney" (as Carter's girlfriend Jill in the episode "The Sweet Smell of Succession", 1976), "Butterflies" (1979) and "Rings on Their Fingers" (1980). One of her later film roles was in "Jaguar Lives!" (1979).

</doc>
<doc id="9649576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649576" title="White Castle Ferry">
White Castle Ferry

The White Castle Ferry is a ferry across the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Louisiana, connecting White Castle and Carville. It was permanently closed in June 2013 due to state budget cuts. 
References.
http://theadvocate.com/home/6294276-125/white-castle-ferrys-mississippi-river

</doc>
<doc id="9649578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649578" title="John Ellis (naturalist)">
John Ellis (naturalist)

John Ellis FRS (c1710 - 15 October 1776) was a British linen merchant and naturalist.
Ellis specialised in the study of corals. He was elected a member of the Royal Society in 1754 and in the following year published "An essay towards the Natural History of the Corallines". He was awarded the Copley Medal in 1767. His "A Natural History of Many Uncommon and Curious Zoophytes", written with Daniel Solander, was published posthumously in 1776.
Ellis was appointed Royal Agent for West Florida in 1764 and for Dominica in 1770. He imported many seeds and plants into England from America, and corresponded with many botanists, including Carolus Linnaeus. His essay "Directions for bringing over seeds and plants, from the East Indies.." (1770) included the first illustration of the Venus Flytrap.

</doc>
<doc id="9649581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649581" title="William Wantling">
William Wantling

William Wantling (November 23, 1933 – May 2, 1974) was an American poet, novelist, ex-Marine, ex-convict, and college professor born in East Peoria, Illinois. After graduating high school he joined the Marine Corps until 1955. He served in Korea during 1953. After leaving the Marines he moved to California and eventually had a son with his then-wife Luana. Wantling went to San Quentin State Prison in 1958 convicted of forgery and possession of narcotics. During his imprisonment Luana divorced him and took custody of the child. He was released in 1963, and returned to Peoria. There he married Ruth Ann Bunton, a fellow divorcee, in 1964. In 1966 he enrolled at Illinois State University where he received both a BA and MA. He taught at the university up until his death on May 2, 1974. Wantling died of heart failure, possibly brought about by his extensive drug use.
Wantling's life as a Marine.
Wantling alleged that he was the youngest Marine Sergeant (at 18) in combat. He also claimed that he spent ten days in a coma and eight weeks in the hospital recovering from burns after the jeep he was riding in hit a landmine, causing a 50-gallon barrel of gasoline on the jeep to ignite.
Appearance in other writers' work.
A character based on Wantling has appeared in the poetry of Charles Bukowski, who was an acquaintance. Wantling and his second wife also appeared as characters in Bukowski's 1978 novel "Women".
Poetry.
Much of his poetry deals with his time spent in Korea during the war. "Pusan Liberty" is a first person account of the life of a heroin dealer in Pusan, South Korea. And "without laying claim" is a short and shocking poem about the indifference with which the American forces treated killing.
"Initiation" is about a couple trying to raise money to sustain their drug (presumably heroin) addiction. Unwilling to rob a stranger, the girlfriend offers to sell her body.
"Poetry" is about the failure of classic poetic devices to capture the reality and brutality of prison life.
Biographical inaccuracies.
W.D. Ehrhart attempted to reconstruct Wantling's life by looking at military and prison records. He concluded that: 
...what little we know about his life has already become distorted and mythologized, fiction made fact by constant repetition."

</doc>
<doc id="9649591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649591" title="Carlo Gatti">
Carlo Gatti

Carlo Gatti (1817–1878) was an Italian Swiss entrepreneur in the Victorian era. He came to England in 1847, where he established restaurants and an ice importing business. He is credited with first making ice cream available to the general public. He moved into music halls. He returned to Switzerland in 1871, leaving his businesses in the hands of members of his family. He died a millionaire.
Gatti originated in Canton Ticino, the main Italian-speaking area of Switzerland. He was probably born in Marogno, a village within the then commune of Dongio, where he also ended his days. He was the youngest of a family of six, his parents being Stefano and Apollonia. In 1839 Carlo was married to Maria Marioni, by his eldest brother Giacomo, the priest at Castro.
Carlo had moved to London by 1847 at the latest, and lived in the Italian community in Holborn. At first, he ran a stall selling waffles and chestnuts. In 1849, he began to run a café and restaurant with partners. They specialised in selling chocolate and ice cream. They put a chocolate-making machine in the window to attract business, and took ice for the ice cream from Regent's Canal under a contract with the Regent's Canal Company. Their shop was the first to sell ice cream to the public; previously, ice cream was an expensive treat confined to rich people with access to an ice house.
Gatti exhibited his chocolate-making machine, imported from France, at the Great Exhibition in 1851. Also in 1851, Gatti opened a stand in Hungerford Market, near Charing Cross, to sell pastries and ice cream. A portion of ice cream was sold for one penny served in a shell, perhaps the origin of the penny lick.
Gatti built a large "ice well" capable of storing tons of ice in 1857. His ice house, near King's Cross, is now the London Canal Museum. He began importing ice from Norway from around 1860, shipping the ice from Norway, up the Thames and by canal to his ice house. He built a second ice well in around 1862, and became the largest ice importer in London. He began to run a fleet of delivery carts, supplying ice for domestic iceboxes.
Hungerford Market was damaged when the adjoining Hungerford Hall burned down in 1854, but Gatti was insured, and used the proceeds to build a music hall, known as Gatti's, which opened in 1857. He sold the music hall to South Eastern Railway in 1862, and the site became Charing Cross railway station.
With the proceeds from selling his first music hall, Gatti acquired a restaurant in Westminster Bridge Road, opposite the Canterbury Music Hall. He converted the restaurant into a second Gatti's music hall, known as "Gatti's-in-the-Road", in 1865. It later became a cinema. The building was badly damaged in the Second World War, and was demolished in 1950.
In 1867, he acquired a public house in Villiers Street named "The Arches", under the arches of the elevated railway line leading to Charing Cross station. He opened it as another music hall, known as "Gatti's-in-The-Arches".
Members of his family were involved in his businesses, and he spent most of his time in Switzerland after 1871. He married a second wife, aged only 23. He is buried in Switzerland.
His family continued to operate the music hall, known for a period after Gatti's death the Hungerford or Gatti's Hungerford Palace of Varieties. It became a cinema in 1910, and the Players' Theatre in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="9649595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649595" title="Good Blonde &amp; Others">
Good Blonde &amp; Others

Good Blonde & Others is a collection of works by Jack Kerouac. This collection includes short stories, essays, articles, literary criticism, and his essentials for spontaneous prose. It is largely seen as a look into the non-fiction life of Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac.

</doc>
<doc id="9649602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649602" title="InterPlaNet">
InterPlaNet

InterPlaNet (IPN), not to be confused with InterPlanetary Network, is a computer networking protocol designed to operate at interplanetary distances, where traditional protocols such as the Internet Protocol break down. It is the base for Interplanetary Internet. It has been under development by Vint Cerf and NASA since 1998 and a permanent network link to Mars was planned by 2008 until the Mars Telecommunications Orbiter was canceled in 2005. The protocol was expected to be space-qualified and ready for use by around 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9649605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649605" title="Event correlation">
Event correlation

Event correlation is a technique for making sense of a large number of events and pinpointing the few events that are really important in that mass of information.
History.
Event correlation has been used in telecommunications and industrial process control since the 1970s, in network management and systems management since the 1980s, in IT service management and event-based systems since the 1990s, and in business activity monitoring (BAM) since the early 2000s.
Event correlation in integrated management.
The goal of "integrated management" is to integrate the management of networks (data, telephone and multimedia), systems (hosts and applications) and IT services in a coherent manner. The scope of this discipline notably includes network management, systems management and Service-Level Management.
Events and event correlator.
Event correlation usually takes place inside one or several management platforms (also known as Network Management Stations or Network Management Systems). It is implemented by a piece of software known as the "event correlator". This tool is automatically fed with events originating from managed elements, monitoring tools, the Trouble Ticket System, etc. Each event captures something special (from the event source standpoint) that happened in the domain of interest to the event correlator (e.g., the reboot of a device, a Service-Level Objective that is not met for a given customer, or the CPU of an e-business server that is used at 100% for over 15 minutes).
The event correlator plays a key role in the integration of management, for only there do network, system and service events come together. For instance, this is where the failure of a service can be ascribed to a specific failure in the underlying IT infrastructure.
Most event correlators can receive events from trouble ticket systems. However, only some of them are able to notify trouble ticket systems when a problem is solved, which partly explains the difficulty for Service Desks to keep updated with the latest news. In theory, the integration of management in organizations requires the communication between the event correlator and the trouble ticket system to work both ways.
An event may convey an alarm or report an incident (which explains why event correlation used to be called alarm correlation), but not necessarily. It may also report that a situation goes back to normal, or simply send some information that it deems relevant (e.g., policy P has been updated on device D). The "severity" of the event is an indication given by the event source to the event destination of the priority that this event should be given while being processed.
Step-by-step decomposition.
Event correlation can be decomposed into four steps: event filtering, event aggregation, event masking and root cause analysis. A fifth step (action triggering) is often associated with event correlation and therefore briefly mentioned here.
Event filtering.
"Event filtering" consists in discarding events that are deemed to be irrelevant by the event correlator. For instance, a number of bottom-of-the-range devices are difficult to configure and occasionally send events of no interest to the management platform (e.g., printer P needs A4 paper in tray 1). Another example is the filtering of informational or debugging events by an event correlator that is only interested in availability and faults.
Event aggregation.
"Event aggregation" (also known as "event de-duplication") consists in merging duplicates of the same event. Such duplicates may be caused by network instability (e.g., the same event is sent twice by the event source because the first instance was not acknowledged sufficiently quickly, but both instances eventually reach the event destination). Another example is temporal aggregation, when the same event is sent over and over again by the event source until the problem is solved. 
Event masking.
"Event masking" (also known as "topological masking" in network management) consists in ignoring events pertaining to systems that are downstream of a failed system. For example, servers that are downstream of a crashed router will fail availability polling. 
Root cause analysis.
"Root cause analysis" is the last and most complex step of event correlation. It consists in analyzing dependencies between events, based for instance on a model of the environment and dependency graphs, to detect whether some events can be explained by others. For example, if database D runs on server S and this server gets durably overloaded (CPU used at 100% for a long time), the event “the SLA for database D is no longer fulfilled” can be explained by the event “Server S is durably overloaded”.
Action triggering.
At this stage, the event correlator is left with at most a handful of events that need to be acted upon. Strictly speaking, event correlation ends here. However, by language abuse, the event correlators found on the market (e.g., in network management) sometimes also include problem-solving capabilities. For instance, they may trigger corrective actions or further investigations automatically.
Event Correlation in ITIL.
The scope of ITIL (the "Information Technology Infrastructure Library") is larger than that of integrated management. However, event correlation in ITIL is quite similar to event correlation in integrated management.
In the ITIL version 2 framework, event correlation spans three processes: Incident Management, Problem Management and Service Level Management.
In the ITIL version 3 framework, event correlation takes place in the Event Management process. The event correlator is called a "correlation engine".

</doc>
<doc id="9649607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649607" title="Finnish Dorset (sheep)">
Finnish Dorset (sheep)

A Finnish Dorset is a crossed-breed sheep, half Finnsheep, and half Dorset breed. 
Dolly the sheep, first mammal to be cloned from an adult somatic cell, was a Finnish Dorset.

</doc>
<doc id="9649611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649611" title="Battle of Dongshan Island">
Battle of Dongshan Island

The Battle of Dongshan Island () was a battle fought between the Nationalists and the Communists during the last days of the Chinese Civil War over the control of the Eastern Mountain (Dongshan, 东山) Island at the southern tip of Fujian, China. It resulted in the Communists taking the island from the nationalists.
Order of battle:
After Zhangzhou-Xiamen Campaign, more than 5000 soldiers of the Nationalist 17th Army retreated to Eastern Mountain (Dongshan, 东山) Island off Fujian. Since the Nationalists were using the island as a stepping-stone to launch raids against the mainland, the 91st Division of the 31st Army and the 94th Division of the 32nd Army of the People's Liberation Army launched an assault to take the island on 11 May 1950 with the help of three artillery battalions. After 10 hours of fighting, the Nationalist retreated from the island, having suffered some 2,044 fatalities.
The Communist victory was a result of lessons learned in previous battles with the Nationalist troops for control over coastal islands, including the Battle of Kuningtou, the Battle of Denbu Island, and the Battle of Nan'ao Island, each of which illustrated the necessity for massing absolute numerical and technical superiority. As a result, the attackers outnumbered the defenders nearly three to one.
While a strategic loss for the Nationalists, the abandonment of the Eastern Mountain (Dongshan, 东山) Island did teach valuable lessons. Primarily it resulted in less overstretch and better handling of defence on islands closer to Taiwan proper. The Nationalists also learned from the mistakes used in their defence and battle, as shown three years later during the Dongshan Island Campaign, when they attacked and seized islands they'd previously abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9649626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649626" title="Possibilism">
Possibilism

Possibilism may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649635" title="Bulgakovo">
Bulgakovo

Bulgakovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649655" title="Madre de Deus">
Madre de Deus

Madre de Deus ("Mother of God"; also called "Mãe de Deus" and "Madre de Dios") was a Portuguese ship, renowned for her fabulous cargo, which stoked the English appetite for trade with the Far East, then a Portuguese monopoly.
Built in Lisbon in 1589, she was returning from her second voyage East under Captain Fernão de Mendonça Furtado. She was 165 feet in length, had 47 feet of beam, measured 1,600 tons burthen, and could carry 900 tons of cargo. She had seven decks, thirty-two guns in addition to other arms, 600 to 700 crew members, a gilded superstructure and a hold filled with treasure.
Capture.
In 1592, by virtue of the Iberian Union, the Anglo-Portuguese Treaty of 1373 was in abeyance, and as the Anglo–Spanish War was still ongoing, Portuguese shipping was a fair target for the Royal Navy.
On 3 August 1592 (sources vary as to the date) a six-member English naval squadron fitted out by the Earl of Cumberland and Walter Raleigh set out to the Azores to intercept Spanish shipping from the New World when a Portuguese fleet came their way near Corvo Island. The English took her after a fierce day-long battle near Flores Island in which many Portuguese sailors were killed;
Among these riches were chests filled with jewels and pearls, gold and silver coins, ambergris, rolls of the highest-quality cloth, fine tapestries, 425 tons of pepper, 45 tons of cloves, 35 tons of cinnamon, 3 tons of mace and 3 of nutmeg, 2.5 tons of benjamin (a highly aromatic balsamic resin used for perfumes and medicines), 25 tons of cochineal and 15 tons of ebony.
There was also a document, printed at Macau in 1590, containing valuable information on the China and Japan trade; Hakluyt observes that it was "enclosed in a case of sweet Cedar wood, and lapped up almost an hundredfold in fine Calicut-cloth, as though it had been some incomparable jewel".
The carrack whilst at Dartmouth, England was subject to theft on an industrial scale; it attracted all manner of traders, dealers, cutpurses and thieves from miles around. By the time Walter Raleigh had restored order, a cargo estimated at half a million pounds (nearly half the size of England's treasury and perhaps the second-largest treasure ever after the Ransom of Atahualpa) had been reduced to £140,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9649656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649656" title="Small Point-Adam's Cove-Blackhead-Broad Cove">
Small Point-Adam's Cove-Blackhead-Broad Cove

Small Point-Adam's Cove-Blackhead-Broad Cove is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador, located in the Trinity-Conception Bay District north of Carbonear.
The town was incorporated in 1968 by amalgamating the independent fishing villages of Small Point, Adam's Cove, Blackhead and Broad Cove. The neighbouring community of Kingston was originally part of the amalgamation, but withdrew in 1976.
The town had a population of 438 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Notable events.
Way Office established in 1886. First Waymaster John Evans. Way Office status, by new Postal Act, was changed to Post Office status on May 30, 1891. First Postmaster Kenneth Hollett. Population 500 in 1911, 170 in 1951 and 157 in 1956.
Early-to-mid 18th century, early settlers at Adam’s Cove included James Adams, Robert Evans and George Hudson. 
1836 – Census reports about 1000 people in the Small Point – Adam’s Cove area, the majority of whom are Methodists. Adam’s Cove has a population of 264.
1857 – Small Point is first noted (as Lower Small Point) with a population of 79. There are schools in both Blackhead and Adam’s Cove.
1871 – William Baggs and John and Levi Hudson were planters in Adam’s Cove. 
1894 – James Evans is a general dealer, Charles Moores and Robert and George Hudson are planters in Adam’s Cove.
1900 – Adam’s Cove has 459 residents
1926 - A one room school was constructed in Small Point which went to grade 6, and remained open until the late 1960s.
1994 – Common family names include: Adam’s Cove: Baggs, Hollett, and Hudson.

</doc>
<doc id="9649668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649668" title="Kannukkul Nilavu">
Kannukkul Nilavu

Kannukkul Nilavu (; ) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Fazil. The film features Vijay and Shalini in the leading roles, while Raghuvaran, Srividya, Kaveri and Ponvannan play other supporting roles. The film opened in January 2000 to positive reviews,and performed good business at boxoffice. 
Plot.
Gautham Prabhakar (Vijay) meets Dr.Rajasekhar (Raghuvaran), a psychologist, his daughter Hema (Shalini) and her friends, Surya (Charle) & Chandru (Dhamu). He has memories of a girl named Gayathri (Kaveri), whom he met briefly and wishes to find again. After examining his subconscious mind, Dr.Rajasekhar finds out that Gautham is suffering from split personality and has forgotten a lot of things, including the details of Gayathri's disappearance. Raghuvaran finds out that Gautham is looking for Shanmugam and his two friends, who Gautham feels have killed Gayathri. Hema falls in love with Gautham. Because of the affection and care shown by his mother, Gautham slowly recovers all the missing details about why and how he got to where he is. After attempts at revenge, Gautham starts a new life with Hema gaining the acceptance his mother and her father.
Production.
Mohan Natarajan brought together the team of the successful 1997 film, "Kadhalukku Mariyadhai", in director Fazil and leading pair Vijay and Shalini with the venture. Anandakuttan was signed on to handle the camera and Ilaiyaraja to compose the music, while Shekar took charge of the editing, while the art direction was handled by Mani Suchitra. The director shot the film across 75 days across the picturesque sites of Alapuzha, Ernakulam and the hilly area of Vahamam.
Release.
The film opened to positive reviews with The Hindu claiming that it was a "tremendous comeback vehicle for Vijay, wherein he portrays an entire gamut of emotions". The reviewer added that the film was "subtle in scenic presentation and characterisation, suspense without melodrama and spontaneity in reactions are plusses", while mentioning that Shalini was "flawless" in her role. Rediff.com described it as a "film worth seeing", labelling that "the highlight of the film is actor Vijay's power-packed performance". The critic described that the "actor has shown laudable skill both in the way he has handled this complicated role and in expressing various shades of Gautham's tormented mind. Especially from the moment he becomes aggressive, with the violent streak predominating and eyes blazing with manic fury."
Cinematographer Ananda Kuttan won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Cinematographer for his work in the film.
Soundtrack.
The film's score and soundtrack is composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

</doc>
<doc id="9649691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649691" title="Cherkassy (disambiguation)">
Cherkassy (disambiguation)

Cherkassy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649697" title="A. C. Anderson">
A. C. Anderson

Andrew Charles "Andy" Anderson, (1910 – April 23, 1996) was a pharmacist and politician in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada. Anderson was elected six times as the mayor of Lethbridge, serving from 1968–1986. Anderson's 18 years in office made him the longest tenured mayor in the history of the city.
Biography.
Early years.
He was born in Shabbona, Illinois. Anderson moved with his family to Champion, Alberta from Illinois in 1912. He graduated from the University of Alberta in 1934 with a pharmaceutical chemist degree. After working for a Lethbridge pharmacy for 14 years, he opened his own business, Anderson's Medical Dental Pharmacy, in 1948. 
Anderson was married and the father of a son and a daughter.
Political career.
Andy Anderson was first elected to the Lethbridge School Board in 1950, remaining in that post through a number of re-elections until 1964. In 1964, Anderson won election to the Lethbridge City Council, for which he served until 1968.
Anderson was active in the Lethbridge Chamber of Commerce and was the president of that organization from 1962 to 1963.
In 1968, Anderson was elected to the first of six consecutive terms as mayor of Lethbridge, Alberta.
As a mayor, Anderson's role was pivotal in making the city what it is today. During his term, he oversaw the development of West Lethbridge, the birth of University of Lethbridge, the relocation of the Canadian Pacific Railway railyards downtown, the creation of Crowsnest corridor, and the Urban Parks Project.
Under Anderson's administration Lethbridge invested heavily in sports and recreation facilities, which gave the city the opportunity to emerge as the "Little League Capital of Canada." Anderson was also instrumental in helping to bring the 1975 Canadian Winter Games to Lethbridge and holding a successful event before the eyes of the nation.
When the University of Lethbridge built the $5.8 million Anderson Hall in 2000, they chose to name it after Anderson because of his significant role in the development of the university. He played a significant role in the selection of the university's current location, and he served on both the University Senate and the Board of Governors.
Awards and honors.
In 1963, Andy Anderson was awarded the first annual Bowl of Hygeia by the Alberta College of Pharmacists. The award is given to one of the province's pharmacists in recognition of an outstanding record of community service.
Anderson received the Order of Canada on 30 October 1985.
Death and legacy.
Andy Anderson died 23 April 1996, aged 87.
Anderson Hall, a building on the campus of the University of Lethbridge is named in Mayor Anderson's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9649714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649714" title="First Nations Technical Institute">
First Nations Technical Institute

First Nations Technical Institute (FNTI) is an Aboriginal-owned and controlled post-secondary institution. Aboriginal institutes partner with colleges and universities to offer students degree programs, apprenticeships, certificate programs and diploma programs. Established in 1985 through innovative and dynamic partnerships among the Tyendinaga Mohawk Council, FNTI Board of Directors, Indian & Northern Affairs Canada, and the Ontario Ministry of Education & Training, it is the oldest Aboriginal-operated post-secondary institution in Ontario. It was founded to provide greater access to post-secondary education for Aboriginal peoples. FNTI delivers post-secondary programs approved by the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The educational curriculum was adapted to meet the needs of Aboriginal learners to ensure it reflects community needs, cultural heritage and identity.
FNTI is a strong advocate of lifelong learning - evident in its initiatives to raise Aboriginal student entry into post-secondary education through educational programs offered at the elementary and secondary level. It currently has about 300 post-secondary students and adult learners from across the country enrolled in capacity-building programs at FNTI. To date, over 2000 students have successfully graduated from a variety of certificate, diploma and degree programs offered at the institution.
Through its innovative programs, FNTI has contributed to First Nations' community capacity building through the advancement of its community-based "best practices" model. FNTI's approach to learning and teaching has also been adapted by other post-secondary educations in Ontario and other parts of the world.
History.
The site of the First Nations Technical Institute and the First Nations Flying School was originally an aerodrome known as Deseronto Airport. The No. 1 IFS Camp Mohawk field opened in 1916 as a training school for pilots during World War I. During World War II, the aerodrome hosted the No. 1 Instrument Navigation School for the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, which provided instrument-navigation training air crews.
Mission.
The FNTI mission is "To provide respectful, holistic learning opportunities and experiences that enhance the capacity of First Nations people to regain control over their social, political, cultural and economic future." The FNTI motto is 'Sharing & Learning'.
Partnerships.
Since its inception, FNTI has forged several partnerships with other colleges and universities in Ontario and Saskatchewan. It has also established international educational partnerships with indigenous peoples in Chile and South Africa, using its highly recognized PLA experience and techniques. FNTI has forged numerous governmental, corporate and industry training partnerships since its founding, and is a pioneer of building public-private partnerships. Examples of industry partnerships include its Aviation program partnerships with Air Creebec and Wasaya, and Media partnerships with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) and CTV Television Network (CTV).
FNTI is the second largest employer on the Tyendinaga Mohawk Territory. Locally, FNTI provides over 60 jobs in the Quinte area - contributing an estimated $6 million to the local economy.
Programs offered.
Certificate Programs offered through FNTI.
Provides tailor-made continuing education and training programs for government agencies, corporations, and communities. Designed programs include:
PLA National and International Partnerships.
Each year, FNTI hosts the Annual Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition (PLAR) Conference, an international event directed to promoting PLAR and sharing emerging experiences.
FNTI is also a member of the Adult Learner Friendly Institutions Canada (ALFICan) research project (in partnership with Human Resources Development Canada (HRSDC) and a number of other private and public colleges, universities and community-based organizations) which aims to strengthen strategies and support for adult learning practices. Partners to ALFICan include Cambrian College, Maxwell College, Red River College, Prairie West Regional College, Nova Scotia Community College, Brandon University, Ryerson University (G. Raymond Chang School of Continuing Education), the Government of Manitoba (Adult Learning Centres), Abbott Agency, Canadian Auto Workers Education Department (CAW) and the Town of Newmarket, Ontario.
In addition, FNTI is also part of Canadian International Development Agency's (CIDA) Indigenous Peoples Partnership Program (IPPP) - a joint initiative with the Mapuche Indigenous people in Chile to share FNTI's extensive knowledge and expertise in PLAR, portfolio development and Indigenous knowledge. FNTI's focused efforts on sharing approaches to education, training and employment is aimed at helping build capacity within the Mapuche community.

</doc>
<doc id="9649724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649724" title="This Must Be Love (song)">
This Must Be Love (song)

"This Must Be Love" was the sixth single to be released by Little Man Tate. It was released on 26 March 2007 and reached #33 in the UK singles chart. The music video starred veteran British actress Liz Smith.
Track listings.
CD
7" vinyl picture disc
7" vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="9649750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649750" title="Communication &amp; Media Arts High School">
Communication &amp; Media Arts High School

Communication & Media Arts High School (CMA) is a school of choice and part of Detroit Public Schools in Detroit, Michigan on 14771 Mansfield in between Grand River and Fenkell. Kim Woo Gray was principal when the school opened in 1992 until her retirement in 2008. CMA has twenty-three full-time staff and 512 students. CMA is one of four magnet schools in Detroit, others being (Renaissance High School, Cass Technical High School and Detroit School of Arts).
The school.
CMA is a highly successful "college" preparatory school.
97% of the class of 2006 graduated on time. 95% went to either a full-time college or a trade school, 5% went to the military. The girls volleyball team has won the city championship.
The DPS Board of Education has unsuccessfully attempted to close CMA three times.
Awards.
CMA has been recognized by "U.S. News & World Report" as one of the nation’s best high schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="9649755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649755" title="PBOC (disambiguation)">
PBOC (disambiguation)

PBOC may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9649756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649756" title="Orthopaedic Research Society">
Orthopaedic Research Society

The Orthopaedic Research Society (ORS) is a professional, scientific and medical organization dedicated to advancement of orthopaedic research. The mission of the ORS is to advance the global orthopaedic research agenda through excellence in research, education, collaboration, communication and advocacy. The ORS is dedicated to increasing of resources for research, and increasing awareness of the importance and impact of such research on orthopaedic patients and the public. Additionally, the ORS promotes and encourages the development and availability of clinician-scientists and basic-scientists to assure that there is continuing research efforts whose results will form a basis for providing the highest quality of musculoskeletal care.
The Journal of Orthopaedic Research is the official journal of ORS.
Vision, Mission, and Goals.
To transform the future through unique global multidisciplinary collaborations, focusing on the increasingly complex challenges of orthopaedic patient treatment
To advance the global orthopaedic research agenda through excellence in research, education, collaboration, communication and advocacy
To be the world’s leading forum for the dissemination of new musculoskeletal research findings
Partners.
ORS was founded in 1954 by AAOS members who had a strong interest in research and recognized the importance of research to the profession, and to the future of patient care. ORS partners with the AAOS on many programs throughout the year;
AAOS Board of Specialty Societies.
ORS is a member of the AAOS Board of Specialty Societies (BOS). The ORS has four members that participate regularly in the BOS, including the ORS President, BOS Research, BOS Education, and BOS Communications Committee members.
The BOS (or COMSS) was, originally created in 1984 as the Council of Orthopaedic Musculoskeletal Specialty Societies, brings together the leaders of musculoskeletal societies to address issues of mutual concern, such as advocacy, continuing medical education, research and residency and fellowship issues. The BOS serves as a resource and advisory entity to the Board of Directors of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) and the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons. In addition, the BOS promotes unity and collaboration between the specialty societies and the AAOS.
NIAMS Coalition.
The Coalition is a group of professional and voluntary organizations concerned with the programs of the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS). ORS participates regularly the NIAMS Coalition.
OREF.
ORS is proud to be a founding member of the OREF.
The Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation (OREF) is an independent, 501(c)3 organization that raises funds to support research and education on diseases and injuries of bones, joints, nerves, and muscles. OREF-funded research educations enhance clinical care, leading to improved health, increased activity, and a better quality of life for patients. The success and impact of the Society’s research and education effort is dependent upon your support. Through our partnership with the OREF, the OREF’s designated giving program has generated more than $456,000 to support this effort. Through your donations, the ORS has been able to fund many important programs that are important to the future of orthopaedics; the ORS/OREF/AAOS Grant Writing Workshop, AAOS/ORS/OREF Clinician Scientist Development Program, ORS/OREF Travel Awards in Research Translation Award, ORS Educational Grants, and more.
Research!America.
ORS is a member affiliate of Research!America, and participates in their advocacy efforts.
Starting a Movement in Health Research. In 1989, Research!America’s founders came together with the realization that there was a vast deficiency in medical research funding – and that such a gap would be detrimental to Americans for years to come. Through their mutual belief in the fundamental importance of medical research, these visionaries formed the Research!America alliance.
United States Bone and Joint Initiative.
ORS is a founding member of the US Bone and Joint Initiative (USBJI), and maintains a seat on the USBJDI Board of Directors.
The Bone and Joint Initiative, is a global, multi-disciplinary initiative targeting the care of people with musculoskeletal conditions-bone and joint disorders. Its focus is on improving your qualify of life as well as advancing the understanding and treatment of those conditions through research, prevention and education. Bones, and joints that create function and movement, are connected by muscle and ligaments. Their state of health and how they enable you to lead an active and healthy like is what the Decade aims to improve.
International Combined Orthopaedic Research Societies.
ORS is a founding member of the International Combined Orthopaedic Research Societies (ICORS).
The ICORS meeting services as a forum, which gathers together a global community of musculoskeletal researchers; basic, translational, and clinical.
The Combined Meeting was launched in 1992 by founding member societies; Orthopaedic Research Society, Canadian Orthopaedic Research Society, European Orthopaedic Research Society, and the Japanese Orthopaedic Association. The meeting has convened every three years since 1992 and rotated to the different country organizations.
In 2007, several new orthopaedic research societies were invited to participate by the Orthopaedic Research Society in the 6th Combined Meeting held in Honolulu, Hawaii; Australia/New Zealand ORS, British ORS, Korean ORS, and the Taiwanese ORS.
In 2010, the Chinese Orthopaedic Research Society was invited to participate in the 7th Combined Meeting hosted by the Japanese Orthopaedic Association in Kyoto, Japan.
On October 15, 2013, at the 8th Combined Meeting of the Orthopaedic Research Societies hosted by the European Orthopaedic Research in Venice, Italy, a new alliance was formed; the International Combined Orthopaedic Research Societies. Nine organizations were selected and approved as the founding members; Australia/New Zealand ORS, British ORS, Canadian ORS, Chinese ORS, European ORS, Japanese Orthopaedic Association, Korean ORS, the Orthopaedic Research Society, and the Taiwanese ORS.
Awards.
The ORS has several annual awards.
ABJS/CORR Marshall R. Urist Young Investigator Award.
The $5,000 Marshall R. Urist Young Investigator Award is open to orthopaedic surgeon investigators under the age of 40, or with less than 7 years post-training (including fellowships) at the time of application. Submitted work must deal with clinically relevant laboratory or clinical research. This research may not have won an award or have been previously published as a full paper.
ABJS/CORR Nicolas Andry Award.
The $10,000 Nicolas Andry Award is open to experienced orthopaedic investigators, including surgeons doing clinically relevant basic or patient-oriented research. The award honors a body of musculoskeletal research that has significantly contributed to orthopaedic knowledge, and has been conducted and published over an extended period of time. 
CORR/ORS Richard A. Brand Award.
The $25,000 Richard A. Brand Award is given to an individual based upon the quality and scientific merit of an original paper focusing on a topic of clinical relevance.
AAOS Kappa Delta Awards/OREF Clinical Research Award.
The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons Kappa Delta Awards and the Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation Clinical Research Award is given to manuscripts that represent a large body of cohesive scientific work generally reflecting years of investigation. If the submission reflects a single project, it should be of high significance and impact. Up to two $20,000 Kappa Delta awards (Elizabeth Winston Lanier Award and Ann Doner Vaughan Award) and one $20,000 Kappa Delta Young Investigator award, and one $20,000 OREF award will be bestowed, provided manuscripts of requisite quality are submitted.
Award winners receive their award at the AAOS Annual Meeting and present their paper during the ORS Annual Meeting.
ORS Women's Leadership Forum Award.
The Women’s Leadership Forum Award is given every year to recognize a woman biologist, clinician, or engineer who, throughout her professional lifetime, has made significant contributions to the understanding of the musculoskeletal system and musculoskeletal diseases and injuries. She will have also demonstrated outstanding leadership through service to the professional community and mentorship of colleagues and trainees.
ORS William H. Harris, MD Award.
This prestigious award, sponsored by the Harris Fellows Club, will honor an individual based on the quality and scientific merit of a paper submitted to a review committee of Orthopaedic Research Society Awards and Recognition Committee members.
ORS/OREF Distinguished Investigator Award.
The ORS/OREF Distinguished Investigator Award will honor an individual with a long-standing, productive career in orthopaedic research. The awardee will have compiled a record of innovative research as evidenced by publications, presentations and sustained research support. He/She will have demonstrated outstanding mentorship of research trainees, service to the professional community and exemplified academic collegiality.
ORS Marshall R. Urist, MD Award.
The Marshall R. Urist, MD Award was created in 1996 and is sponsored by John Wiley & Sons, Inc. This prestigious award honors an investigator who has established him/herself as a cutting-edge researcher in tissue regeneration research and has done so with a sustained ongoing body of focused research in the area of tissue regeneration as it relates to the musculoskeletal system. The award carries an honorarium of $5,000, and a commemorative plaque. 
ORS Arthur Steindler, MD Award.
Named for Arthur Steindler, MD, orthopaedic surgeon, scientist and teacher, the Award is given every other year to recognize senior scientists, clinicians and educators who, throughout their professional lifetime, have made significant contributions– nationally and internationally–to the understanding of the musculoskeletal system and musculoskeletal diseases and injuries. The awardee must have started their professional careers outside the US, and have advanced their specialty throughout the world. The selection is made by the Board of Directors of the ORS upon recommendation of the ORS President.
ORS Alfred R. Shands, Jr., MD Award.
Named for Alfred R. Shands, Jr., MD, this award is presented each year to a United States or Canadian citizen who has made significant contributions to orthopaedics. This award recognizes the devotion of a significant portion of the professional lifetime to furthering knowledge in the fields of musculoskeletal disease. The Alfred R. Shands, Jr., MD Award is sponsored by the Orthopaedic Research Society. The ORS President chooses the award recipient. The ORS Board of Directors gives the final approval.
Membership Requirements.
Active - Membership is based on previous scientific contributions and continued participation in the field of research. Requirement: 1) Presentation of a paper at an ORS Annual Meeting or Publication of two peer-reviewed journal papers related to orthopaedic research.
Associate - (Student) memberships is available to trainees in the area of orthopaedic research, individuals who are pursuing advanced degrees (e.g. MD, DDS, DO, PhD, DVM) or in post-doctoral clinical and research training programs (residency and fellowship.) Associate member are expected to apply for Active membership once training is completed. Requirements: 1) A signature on application or letter from the Advisor/Dean or Chair verifying the student/training status and the estimated date of completion of training.
Affiliate - Membership is available to lab technicians, practice administrators/managers, educators and industry representatives that make a significant scientific and/or non-scientific contribution to orthopaedic research and the ORS. Requirement: 1) Must have attended one or more ORS Annual Meeting.
Emeritus - The status of Emeritus Members shall be conferred upon individuals as follows: Any Active Member who has been an Active Member in the Society for at least fifteen (15) years and who is 65+ and now retired, or under special circumstance. All requests to be made to the Secretary. Final approval will be determined by the Board of Directors.
External links.
The Orthopaedic Research Society (ORS) is the pre-eminent organization for the advancement of musculoskeletal research. It seeks to transform the future through global multidisciplinary collaborations—focusing on the complex challenges of orthopaedic treatment. The ORS advances the global orthopaedic research agenda through excellence in research, education, collaboration, communication and advocacy. More than 2,500 members include biologists, engineers, and clinician scientists. The ORS Annual Meeting and publication of the Journal of Orthopaedic Research provide vital forums for the musculoskeletal community to communicate the current state of orthopaedic research.

</doc>
<doc id="9649760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649760" title="Pascal Mendy">
Pascal Mendy

Pascal Mendy (born 11 January 1979) is a Senegalese footballer currently playing as a defender for Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino. 
A former Dynamo Moscow player and an illegal player in the Moscow Expat Football League, Mendy signed for Kaunas in February 2007 on the understanding that he will eventually be loaned to Scottish club Hearts. Lithuanian-Russian businessman Vladimir Romanov finances both clubs and a number of Kaunas players have already moved to Hearts in this manner. After Kaunas was demoted from A Lyga, Mendy joined the Belarusian Premier League side Partizan Minsk, another club owned by Romanov.

</doc>
<doc id="9649764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649764" title="Dongshan Island Campaign">
Dongshan Island Campaign

Dongshan Island Campaign () was a series battles fought on the Dongshan Island, Fujian between the Nationalists and the Communists during the Chinese Civil War when the nationalists unsuccessfully attempted to retake the island from the Communists. The campaign was the last (and the largest) land battle between two sides since the Nationalist withdraw to Taiwan, the last and largest Nationalist counterattack against the mainland. After this defeat, the nationalists realized that it was never practical to launch any large scale counterattack against the mainland on a similar scale again. Instead, the nationalist strikes against the mainland were reduced into small scale infiltration / insurgency / skirmishes. The nationalist failure marked the end of operations of this kind.
Prelude.
Shortly before dawn on July 16, 1953, the nationalist commander Hu Lian (胡琏) commanded his troops totaled two divisions in 13 naval vessels and more than 30 motorized junks sailed toward Dongshan Island, Fujian, attempting to retake the island from the communists who took the island from the nationalist three years earlier in the Battle of Dongshan Island. In addition to the two army divisions, an elite paratroop division totaling 2,000 in two brigades was also deployed for the mission, and the total nationalist force committed was just over 10,000. The nationalists had hoped to turn the island into another strongholds at the enemy’s doorstep and use it as a steppingstone to launch strikes against the mainland, but many capable nationalist commanders included the commander of this operation, Hu Lian, remained highly doubtful this would ever succeed, and after fierce debate, a compromise was reached: a much more moderate objective of striking the island to gain a political and morale boost and then a quick withdraw before the enemy could reinforce the island, and when the situation permitted, turn the island into a stronghold like the original plan.
The communists depended on the captured equipment from its nationalist adversary, included the radio communication gear, and since both sides used the American built communication gear, the communists were able to intercept the nationalist radio communications and deduct a rough general idea of the nationalist intentions with the help of other intelligence sources. When the communists reached the correct conclusion of the nationalists planned attack and retake of the Dongshan Island, there was not enough time to reinforce the island in a timely manner. The local defense consisted of the 80th Public Security Regiment and militia totaling 1,200 men, obviously not enough, so the communist commander Ye Fei instructed the local garrison to decide what was best for itself, including withdraw if necessary, and attempt to retake the enemy later.
However, the local commander You Meiyao (游梅耀), the staff officer of the Chen Yi during the Second Sino-Japanese War, refused to withdraw because that would allow the nationalists to utilise the communist fortifications on the island, making future attempts to dislodge the nationalists from the island very difficult. Instead, You Meiyao suggested while the reinforcement was organized as fast as possible, the local garrison would utilise the advantageous landscape and fortifications on the island to slow the enemy down by inflicting as many casualties as possible, and once the attackers were exhausted, the defenders would counterattack with reinforcements. The suggestion of You Meiyao was accepted and praised by Ye Fei and plans were made accordingly.
First stage.
The first shot of the campaign was fired at 5:00 AM on July 16, 1953 when a nationalist division landed on the island. After three hours of fierce fighting, the enemy’s first line of defense was breached, and the nationalists succeeded in forcing the enemies into their second line of defense. By the end of the day, the nationalist had successfully taken the largest port on the island and controlled most of the island. Due to the rapid advance, the nationalists were optimistic and declared the island was taken. Despite taking most of the island, the enemy’s resistance in the few remaining isolated pockets proved to be much stronger than the nationalists had anticipated. After fierce fighting, only two isolated pockets of enemy resistance remained, but the nationalists were unable to eliminate them.
The enemy’s heavy mortar platoon had taken the highest point of the island and the largest port taken by the nationalists were directly within the range. The accurate enemy mortar fire not only badly damaged the port facilities including the pier, but also scored direct hits on three large landing ships. Although the mortar rounds themselves were not powerful enough to completely destroy the landing ships which carried heavy weaponry and ammunition, the secondary explosions triggered by the direct hits by the enemy heavy mortars were enough to sink all three landing ships. The damaged port required huge manpower to repair, which the nationalists had done very successfully, but in doing so, large number of troops was tied down, unable to support other units in assault the remaining enemy strongholds on the islands. Furthermore, the nationalists failed to realize the seriousness of the problem of the sinking of three large landing ships that blocked the waterway. Since the motorized junks with shallow draft were not severely effected by the wreckage, nationalists were still able to transport personnel onto the island via these junks, but ships carrying heavy weaponry were effectively blocked due to greater draft. The nationalists, however, did not consider the problem to be serious because the enemy was mostly light infantry anyway, a mistake that they would later deeply regret. In addition of failing to realize the problem caused, the nationalists were not able to take the highest point of the island from the enemy and although most of the enemy heavy mortars were knocked out with air support, the surviving ones did not stop shelling the nationalists until the very last round of ammunition had been exhausted. The nationalists] in turn, decided that it was not worth to take the enemy position after the shelling had stopped because the enemy was out of water already and only armed with light weaponry, and thus no longer post any threat, and all the nationalists had to do was simply stay out of the range.
The only enemy’s stronghold left on the island was in the region of Eight Feet Gate (Ba Chi Men, 八尺门), which faced the mainland, defended by a single company of communist naval infantry. The strongly fortified position included a pier and thus was the critical steppingstone for the enemy reinforcement from the mainland. The nationalists had correctly identified this serious threat and had also correctly decided to eliminate this threat early on, so entire American trained paratroop division which reached the island first was devoted for the mission. However, the lightly armed paratroopers proved to be no match for the enemy in heavily fortified positions on the terrain that strongly favored the defenders. After repeated extraordinarily but totally futile assaults, no only the elite paratroopers failed to achieve their original objective, but also suffered heavy loss, with several hundreds killed. The lack of heavy weaponry was the main cause of the nationalist failure to take this very important position, which paved the way for the eventual nationalist defeat in the campaign. Unable to take either of the two remaining enemy strongholds on the island, the battle reached a stalemate.
Second stage.
The enemy units on the mainland reacted rapidly by mobilizing all available vehicles to transport troops to the front. The communist 272nd Regiment of the 31st Army at Zhangpu County was first to respond: by 5:50 AM, less than an hour after the first shot of the campaign was fired, the advance guard of the regiment was already on its way to the front in the extremely few military vehicles available, while the rest of the regiment stop every civilian vehicles on the road to have the needed rides. By 9:00 AM, the entire regiment had reached the Eight Feet Gate (Ba Chi Men, 八尺门) pier of the Eastern Mountain (Dongshan, 东山) Island, with the help of newly arrived reinforcement, the communist naval infantry company at Eight Feet Gate (Ba Chi Men, 八尺门) managed to force the attacking nationalist paratroopers into retreat. A regiment of the communist the 28th Army and a regiment of the communist the 41st Army soon arrived afterward and the communist commander You Meiyao, riding on the initial success of driving back the attacking nationalist paratroopers, decided to immediately counterattack before the arrival of any other reinforcement so that the nationalists would not have the time needed to regroup, and successfully disrupted the nationalist defense and redeployment. As the nationalists were forced back by the counterattacking enemy in the ensuing battles, the communist 91st Division of the 31st Army landed on the island under the commander of the 31st Army, Zhou Zhijian (周志坚), the nationalists’ fate on the island was thus sealed.
The nationalist commander of the operation, Hu Lian, initially did not believed that the enemy could reinforce the island in such large scale in such short time, since the vital bridge, the Nine Dragons Bridge (Jiulongjiang Daqiao, 九龙江大桥) was already destroyed by the nationalist air force and the nationalist intelligence analysis had concluded it would take at least two days to repair the bridge, but the aerial reconnaissance did not lie. Realizing that his force possessed neither technical nor the numerical advantages, Hu Lian wisely chose to withdraw before anymore enemy reinforcement arrived in order to avoid total annihilation. The enemy, in turn, seeing that what they sent was enough already to drive the attacking nationalists away from the island, did not pursuit and stopped sending further reinforcement. The campaign came to an end on July 18, 1953 after the island was secured by the defenders after the nationalist retreat.
Outcome.
Dongshan Island Campaign was the last large scale nationalist counterattack against the mainland, and after this failure, the nationalists realized that it was never practical to launch any large scale counterattack against the mainland in similar scale anymore, and instead, the nationalist strikes against the mainland were reduced into small scale infiltration / insurgency / skirmishes. The nationalist cadavers recovered by the communists on land and in the coastal waters totaled 2,664, and another 715 were captured alive, while the number of wounded was uncertain because most of them were successfully evacuated by the nationalists themselves. In addition, two tanks were destroyed, three landing ships sunk and two aircraft were also lost. The communist casualties were relatively low in comparison, totaling 1,250. The nationalist failure was caused by a series blunder committed, with some of the critical ones committed before the campaign had even begun.
In order to maintain the secrecy of this surprise attack, the nationalist simply went too far in that even their own troops were not informed about the mission until they were already on their way to the island. Many captured nationalist officers did not feel it was a fair fight because they were not informed, and had they been better informed, they would postpone the attack to better train their troops and the outcome of the campaign would certainly be quite opposite, and this view was echoed by many of those who successfully withdrew to Taiwan in their memoirs. In fact, due to the poor inter-service communications caused by the overly excessive secrecy, the two nationalist aircraft lost during the campaign might very well be shot down by their own ground force on the island. One plausible explanation was that due to the rapid advance of the nationalist attackers in the initial phase, the positions previously occupied by the communists to fire at the nationalist aircraft were taken by the nationalist ground force, which was attacked by their own aircraft which was unaware the rapid development of the battlefield, and the nationalist ground force under aerial attack naturally assumed that these were the enemy’s aircraft, and fired back, shooting down two of their own.
The poor inter-service communication caused by the overly excessive secrecy also resulted by nationalist three landing ships after taking the largest port on the island, which was directly within range of the enemy’s heavy mortar positions at the highest point of the island. The slow landing ships loaded with heavy weaponry became sitting ducks as they were being unloaded, and in addition to three being sunk, the pier was also badly damaged by the accurate enemy fire. Although the enemy’s heavy mortars were eventually silenced, the damage was already done and despite the fact that the casualties were low, the lost of heavy weaponry and the need to repair the pier were two most significant factors that caused the nationalist defeat. In fact, the last enemy heavy mortars that survived the nationalist fire did not finally stop until all of the ammunition had run out.
Another serious blunder committed by the attacking nationalist force included attempts to cut the communication link between the defenders and the mainland. Despite the fact that every single telephone line pole was cut down, nobody bothered to cut the actual line, or to wiretap the enemy’s telephone line. As a result, the defenders were able to maintain perfectly good communications with the mainland and the enemy commanders were much better aware the situation than their nationalist counterparts, thanks to a telephone squad with encryption devices. In contrast, the communists’ radio equipment were captured from the nationalists, who did not have the luxury of using telephones, but must rely on radio communications during the campaign, and thus the enemy was able to listen in on the nationalists, obtaining valuable information on the nationalist moves and plans.
The other serious blunder committed by the attacking nationalist force was the grave underestimation of the enemy strength. Although the nationalist order of battle included three divisions, none of them were fully manned, and in fact, the paratroop division only included two brigades totaling 2,000, which was only the strength of a single brigade. Furthermore, due to the sinking of three landing ships at the port and the destruction of the port by enemy heavy mortar fire, most landing forces became light infantry which did not enjoy superior technical advantage over the enemy. This problem was further compounded by the incorrect use of the paratroopers by ordering them to attack the strongly fortified enemy positions at Eight Feet Gate Pier, resulting in more than 500 paratroopers killed, a staggering 25% of the total paratroop force devoted to the campaign. In addition to the loss of technical superiority due to the lack of heavy weaponry, the nationalists also lacked the numerical superiority, which inevitable caused the final collapse of the offensive and the eventual failure.
In addition to underestimating the enemy strength, the nationalists also committed another serious blunder in underestimating the enemy capacity to repair damages inflicted by the opposing side. The nationalist intelligence calculated that after the air strikes that destroyed the vital Nine Dragons Bridge (Jiulong Jiang Daqiao, 九龙江大桥), it would take at least two days for the enemy to repair the bridge, but in reality, the enemy had the bridge repaired in only two hours. As the news reached the surprised nationalists, it was obvious that the mission was over and in order to avoid complete disaster, the nationalists wisely chose to give up the fighting by withdrawing the surviving forces and abandoned the island.
The island was isolated from the rest of friendly bases and there was simply no way for the nationalist to permanently hold it, as demonstrated three years ago in the Battle of Dongshan Island, and though the campaign three year later might have been a relatively successful strike, any attempts to turn the island into a permanent base would certainly result in the same outcome as the battle three years earlier in which the nationalists were forced to abandon the island, as shown in this campaign once again.

</doc>
<doc id="9649771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649771" title="Hucrest Elementary School">
Hucrest Elementary School

Hucrest Elementary School is a public elementary school in Roseburg, Oregon, United States. The school was founded in 1955 or 1956. The school takes its name from the surrounding suburb, named after Cecil and Alice Hugh. The school's mascot is the hawk.
History.
The school site originally formed part of that belonged to Clara Sanford, from whom the Hughs bought the land. The Hughs sold the on which the school was erected to the Roseburg School District on May 12, 1955. Whether the school first opened in Fall 1955 or 1956 is unclear. 
The school buildings were developed in different phases. The first buildings included a hall with six classrooms for grades 3 to 6, a multi-purpose room, and offices. Technological features included an intercom, 16 mm film projectors, and wire recorders. At this time, students completed grades 1 and 2 at either Edenbower or Riverside elementary school. No kitchen existed, although an unfinished room marked the space of the future kitchen. Lunches were brought over from Edenbower. Unusual for the time, playground equipment were installed when the school opened. The playground was surfaced with sawdust and gravel (the latter is still used today). The school was surrounded by much open land, and cattle grazed in the adjoining fields. Sports offered included softball for girls and football for boys.
A second hall was planned in 1957, which added six more classrooms.
A third hall was planned in May 1961, and a kitchen was completed in November that year.
A gym and a library were completed on November 24, 1965. Fences and asphalt were added the following year.
Chess club.
Hucrest Elementary had a strong chess-playing record, regularly winning regional tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="9649788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649788" title="Jalan Sultan Abdullah, Teluk Intan">
Jalan Sultan Abdullah, Teluk Intan

Perak state route A151 or Jalan Sultan Abdullah is a state road in Teluk Intan, Perak, Malaysia starting from the traffic lights crossroad at Jalan Changkat Jong and Jalan Jawa to the traffic lights junction at Jalan Padang Tembak.
Previously, it was a two-lane road that provides access to many housing areas situated off the road. However, due to the increasing number of housing areas off the road, traffic volume increased tremendously and there were cases of fatal accidents along this road.
A project to upgrade this route into a 4-lane dual carriageway was initiated in 2001 and completed in 2003. The upgraded road introduces 3 new traffic lights crossroads at

</doc>
<doc id="9649814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649814" title="Andy Anderson">
Andy Anderson

Andy Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649822" title="Dmitriyevka">
Dmitriyevka

Dmitriyevka () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Altai Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Altai Krai bears this name:
Altai Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Altai Republic bears this name:
Amur Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Amur Oblast bear this name:
Astrakhan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Astrakhan Oblast bears this name:
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, thirteen rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Belgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Belgorod Oblast bear this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Bryansk Oblast bears this name:
Chuvash Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Chuvash Republic bears this name:
Irkutsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Irkutsk Oblast bears this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaluga Oblast bears this name:
Kemerovo Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Kemerovo Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Khakassia.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Khakassia bears this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kirov Oblast bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Krasnoyarsk Krai.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Krasnoyarsk Krai bear this name:
Kurgan Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kurgan Oblast bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Kursk Oblast bear this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Lipetsk Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Mordovia.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Mordovia bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Moscow Oblast bears this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novosibirsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Novosibirsk Oblast bear this name:
Orenburg Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Orenburg Oblast bear this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Penza Oblast bear this name:
Primorsky Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Primorsky Krai bears this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, eleven rural localities in Ryazan Oblast bear this name:
Samara Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Samara Oblast bear this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Saratov Oblast bear this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Smolensk Oblast bears this name:
Tambov Oblast.
As of 2010, ten inhabited localities in Tambov Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Tatarstan.
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Republic of Tatarstan bear this name:
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Tula Oblast bear this name:
Tyumen Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tyumen Oblast bears this name:
Udmurt Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Udmurt Republic bears this name:
Ulyanovsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Ulyanovsk Oblast bear this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vladimir Oblast bears this name:
Volgograd Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Volgograd Oblast bear this name:
Voronezh Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Voronezh Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="9649849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649849" title="Symphony No. 1 (Nielsen)">
Symphony No. 1 (Nielsen)

Symphony No. 1 in G minor, Op. 7, FS 16 is the first symphony of Danish composer Carl Nielsen. Written between 1891 and 1892, it was dedicated to his wife, Anne Marie Carl-Nielsen. The work's première, on 14 March 1894, was performed by Johan Svendsen conducting the Chapel Royal Orchestra (Royal Danish Orchestra), with Nielsen himself among the second violins. It is one of two symphonies by Nielsen without a subtitle (the other being his Symphony No. 5).
The symphony is in the standard four movements, with the following tempo markings:
A typical performance takes approximately 35 minutes.
The symphony's melodies have a distinctive Danish flavour and are imbued with Nielsen's personal style. Nielsen scholar Robert Simpson describes the composer's symphonic debut as "probably the most highly organized first symphony ever written by a young man of twenty-seven."
The work opens in G minor, and closes with a rousing peroration in C major. This tendency to move away from the original key to C major is the basis of the whole symphony's tonal structure, and displays for the first time Nielsen's hallmark compositional device, "progressive tonality." (Nielsen at one stage even thought of calling the work "Symphony in C".) Simpson states "it is possibly the first symphony to end in a key other than that in which it started".

</doc>
<doc id="9649856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649856" title="Plaquemine Ferry">
Plaquemine Ferry

The Plaquemine Ferry is a ferry across the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Louisiana, connecting Plaquemine and Sunshine.

</doc>
<doc id="9649864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649864" title="Minsara Kanna">
Minsara Kanna

Minsara Kanna is a 1999 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Vijay in the lead role, and Kushboo, Rambha, Monica, Manivannan and Karan in supporting roles. The film's music is composed by Deva, and the film opened in September 1999 to positive reviews and did well at the box office.
Plot.
Indra Devi (Kushboo), the sister of Ishwarya (Monicka), is very rich and arrogant. Priya (Rambha) is her personal assistant. Kasi (Vijay) is the son of Mani (Mannivannan) and has fallen in love with Monicka in Germany. After hearing the story Indra Devi, Kasi come to India with all his family. Meanwhile Indra Devi is challenged by Vedhachalam (Mansur Ali Khan) who has also sent his son (Karan) to study in Germany. Karan also falls in love with Ishwarya. Kasi serves as a body guard for Kushboo, his brother works as a servant boy and Manivannan and his daughter serve as cooks for the Indra Devi 's family. Priya (Ramba) falls in love with Kasi but later gives it to Ishwarya after knowing the truth of Kasi coming to India.
Production.
The story and script of the film was co-written by M. A. Kennedy, who had previously worked in the film "Pistha". The film saw the first and only collaboration to date between K. S. Ravikumar and Vijay, with the actor mentioning he was delighted with the pace and commitment that the director injected into production. It was initially reported that vijay would play a dual role but this proved to be untrue. Furthermore, Isha Koppikar and Meena were hevaily linked to play a role in the film before Rambha was confirmed.
Simran was the first choice to play as lady lead, but due to her other commitments she opted and new comer Monicka got the chance to play as lady love of Vijay
The team also shot scenes in Switzerland and Germany, with certain songs and scenes canned in the Alps.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Sun TV. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Critical Reception.
The film opened to positive reviews, with the critic of Indolink.com claiming the film " a clean and neat family entertainer". The New Indian Express praising Vijay performance stating Vijay carries the movie in his own shoulder, praising K. S. Ravikumar neat Screenplay and Deva soundtrack.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Deva, was well received by the audience. The lyrics were written by Vaali, Na. Muthukumar.

</doc>
<doc id="9649866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649866" title="Equestrian Federation of Ireland">
Equestrian Federation of Ireland

The Equestrian Federation of Ireland (EFI), is the National Governing Body for all equestrian sport in Ireland. It is a 32-county body, and is therefore responsible for the administration of international competitions throughout the whole island. It also sanctions all Irish riders and horses competing abroad at international events, and implements
the rules and regulations laid down by the FEI. The EFI is composed of 15 Irish affiliate bodies, representing all facets of equestrian sport, and is also responsible for liaison with the Irish Sports Council, the Olympic Council of Ireland, the National Coaching and Training centre, the Department of Arts, Sport and Tourism, and other government agencies. These sports include the FEI recognized disciplines of show jumping, eventing, dressage, endurance riding, para-equestrian and carriage driving. The EFI also provides a forum to bring member organisations together to discuss common issues, and it sanctions all international events in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9649872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649872" title="Jan III Sobieski High School in Kraków">
Jan III Sobieski High School in Kraków

Jan III Sobieski High School in Kraków - high school in Kraków, Poland founded in 1883.
History.
The school was founded as a tribute to King Jan III Sobieski and his victory at battle of Vienna. The new building, which is still the location of "Jan III Sobieski High School" was completed in 1887. The students took part in both World Wars, fighting for the independence of Poland.
During the Nazi occupation of Poland the Germans made an office building of the school and destroyed all the book collection. After the leaving Kraków by Wehrmacht the school was first in the city that started educating again.
Since 1969 the school has been an organizer of a theatrical contest "Festiwal Małych Form Teatralnych" ("Small Theatrical Forms Festival"), where many famous Polish actors started their careers.
A student of Sobieski High School, Przemysław Mazur, was awarded a gold medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad in 2006, 2007 and 2008.
Sobieski High School is a member of "Towarzystwo Szkół Twórczych" (en. "Society of Creative Schools") - movement of Polish schools willing to share experiences in order to increase students' development. Since 2009 it's also a part of international network of schools teaching German language "Schulen: Partner der Zukunft" (en. "Schools: Partners of Future").
Facilities.
The library holds approximately 20000 books, among which 10% are dated before 1939. Core of the collection is built of popular scientific positions covering all sciences. Students can also check out books published in foreign languages including English, German, French and Russian.
Sobieski High School officially opened a new athletic center with sports hall, two-level gym and fitness room in September 2008. Costs of the investment were around 2.5 mln USD (7.2 mln PLN).
Cultural references.
The semi-biographical movie "Mała matura 1947" by Janusz Majewski released in 2010 tells a story of a young boy, Ludwik, who moved along with his family from Lviv to Kraków and attended Sobieski High School. It won an honorary "Special Award" at the 35. Polish Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9649875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649875" title="Kirillovo">
Kirillovo

Kirillovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649877" title="Midnight Lightning">
Midnight Lightning

Midnight Lightning is a posthumous compilation album by American rock guitarist Jimi Hendrix. It was released in November 1975 by Reprise Records in the United States and Polydor Records in the United Kingdom. It was the sixth studio album released after his death and the second to be produced by Alan Douglas and Tony Bongiovi. The songs used on the album consisted of post-Jimi Hendrix Experience recordings that originally featured Billy Cox on bass and either Mitch Mitchell or Buddy Miles on drums.
Background.
Douglas continued his controversial methods he had adopted on "Crash Landing" and brought in many of the same session musicians to overdub parts of songs. The only original recording (apart from those by Hendrix) was Mitchell's drumming on "Hear My Train a Comin'". In response to the previous outcry from fans and critics, Douglas did not claim co-writer credit for any songs on "Midnight Lightning". Despite the fact that the album included staples such as "Hear My Train a Comin'" and "Machine Gun", the album was not as well received as its predecessor, peaking at #43 in the US. and #46 in the UK.
Other appearances of songs.
The first song on the album, "Trashman", was issued in its original full length form on the album "Hear My Music". It was also featured as a bonus track on some editions of the "Valleys of Neptune" album. The original version of the title track, "Midnight Lightning", has not been reissued without the Douglas era overdubs as of 2014. However, there is a solo take of the song on 1997's "South Saturn Delta". "Hear My Train a Comin'", without the Douglas-era overdubs appears on "Valleys of Neptune". "Gypsy Boy" is similar to the song "Hey Baby (New Rising Sun)" and was released under the name "Hey Gypsy Boy" on the album "People, Hell and Angels" without the overdubs that appear on "Midnight Lightning". 
"Blue Suede Shoes" however has not been reissued since "Midnight Lightning". The version from "Midnight Lightning" is presented as a completed track, whereas on "Loose Ends" the song fades out shortly after it begins. The heavily overdubbed and edited "Midnight Lightning" version of the song is over three minutes long. "Machine Gun" has never been issued in an official studio release besides the version on "Midnight Lightning". "Once I Had a Woman" was issued in a longer version of this song, with the original musicians (and without the added Douglas era backing singers and musicians) on the 1994 compilation "Blues". "Beginnings" is an instrumental composed by Mitchell. A later version of this song with just Hendrix, Cox and Mitchell appeared on the posthumous album "War Heroes" in 1972. However, the version of the song on "Midnight Lightning" has never been reissued in any form.
Critical reception.
In a 1981 review, music critic Robert Christgau gave "Midnight Lightning" a "B+" and said that it was an improvement by Douglas over "Crash Landing" because of highlight instrumentals such as "Trash Man", overdubbed guitar from Jeff Mironov and Lance Quinn, and "the blues playing — as opposed to singing or writing". AllMusic's Joe Viglione gave it three out of five stars and felt that the enduring quality of Hendrix's music is retained in spite of Douglas's "doctoring and musicians jamming with his art after the fact."

</doc>
<doc id="9649886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649886" title="Richard IV">
Richard IV

Richard IV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649887" title="N-Butylamine">
N-Butylamine

"n"-Butylamine is an organic compound (specifically, an amine) with the formula CH3CH2CH2CH2NH2. This colourless liquid is one of the four isomeric amines of butane, the others being "sec"-butylamine, "tert"-butylamine and isobutylamine. At standard temperature and pressure, "n"-butylamine is a liquid having the fishy, ammonia-like odor common to amines. The liquid acquires a yellow color upon storage in air. It is soluble in all organic solvents.
Like other simple, aliphatic amines, n-butylamine is a weak base, with a pKa, in its protonated form, of 10.59.
Uses.
This compound is used as an ingredient in the manufacture of pesticides (such as thiocarbazides), pharmaceuticals, and emulsifiers. It is also a precursor for the manufacture of N,N'-dibutylthiourea, a rubber vulcanization accelerator, and n-butylbenzenesulfonamide, a plasticizer of nylon.
Safety.
The LD50 to rats through the oral exposure route is 366 mg/kg.
In regards to occupational exposures to n-Butylamine, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health have set occupational exposure limits at a ceiling of 5 ppm (15 mg/m3) for dermal exposure.

</doc>
<doc id="9649891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649891" title="California's 35th State Senate district">
California's 35th State Senate district

California's 35th State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Roderick Wright of Inglewood.
District profile.
The district straddles Interstate 710, including the inland portions of the South Bay. The district stretches from Inglewood in the north down to the Port of Los Angeles and the San Pedro neighborhood of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9649899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649899" title="Livonian grammar">
Livonian grammar

Livonian is a Finnic language, and, as such, is closely related to both Estonian and Finnish.
Pronouns.
Personal Pronouns.
Note: the third person pronouns do not possess a gender in the singular or the plural.
Demonstrative Pronouns.
Note: The plural demonstrative pronoun is the same as the third person plural personal pronoun.
Reflexive Pronouns.
Note: The usage of the reflexive pronoun is broad. Of course, it is used as a reflexive pronoun as in "minnõn "eņtšõn" um vajag...," meaning "I need..." to myself is necessary... However, the pronoun can also express possession; it frequently replaces the genitive forms of the personal pronouns. For example: "ma sīeda kūliz "eņtš" izast," or "I heard it from my father." Also, reflexive pronouns can be used in adverbial expressions: "täm "eņtš" ie," "this same night."

</doc>
<doc id="9649910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649910" title="Seo District, Incheon">
Seo District, Incheon

Seo District (Seo-gu) is the largest ward in Incheon, South Korea. Its area is 111.2 km², and it also has the largest area of farmland of Incheon's wards.
In the past, Seo-gu was part of 'Buk-gu' means north in Korean but in 1988, some part of the ward has separated out to form 'Seo-gu'.

</doc>
<doc id="9649914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649914" title="Alternanthera sessilis">
Alternanthera sessilis

Alternanthera sessilis is an aquatic plant known by several common names, including sessile joyweed and dwarf copperleaf. It is used as an aquarium plant.
The plant occurs throughout the tropical and subtropical regions of the Old World. It has been introduced to the southern United States, and its origins in Central and South America are uncertain.
The leaves are used as a vegetable. Young shoots and leaves are eaten as a vegetable in Southeast Asia. Occasionally it is cultivated for food or for use in herbal medicines.
This species is classified as a weed in parts of the southern States of the USA. It is usually (but not always especially in areas of high humidity where it can even be a garden weed) found in wet or damp spots. 
This is a perennial herb with prostrate stems, rarely ascending, often rooting at the nodes. Leaves obovate to broadly elliptic, occasionally linear-lanceolate, 1-15 cm long, 0.3-3 cm wide, glabrous to sparsely villous, petioles 1-5 mm long. Flowers in sessile spikes, bract and bracteoles shiny white, 0.7-1.5 mm long, glabrous; sepals equal, 2.5-3 mm long, outer ones 1-nerved or indistinctly 3-nerved toward base; stamens 5, 2 sterile. In the wild it flowers from December till March.
"Aerva lanata" is often mistaken for "Alternanthera sessilis", which is also of the Amarantheceae family, and looks similar. On careful observation you will notice that flowers of "Alternanthera sessilis" are situated over the stem and their shape is round. As its flowers look like the eyes of a fish, "Alternanthera sessilis" is called Matsyakshi, fisheyed. Other Indian names of this plant are Koypa (Marathi), Honganne (Kannada). Leaves along with the flowers and tender stems are used as vegetable in Karnataka. It is diuretic, tonic and cooling. Juice of this plant, deemed beneficial to eyes, is an ingredient in the making of medicinal hair oils and Kajal (kohl). The red variety of this plant is a common garden hedging plant, which is also used as a culinary vegetable. 
This plant is available in the aquarium trade though it will not grow submersed for anything but short periods. However it can be useful in the tropical pond or terrarium though needs restriction as it can grow and propagate quickly under good conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="9649924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649924" title="Lubuk Paku">
Lubuk Paku

Lubuk Paku is a small town in Pahang, Malaysia. The town is located near Maran town. The main features of this town are the historical Lubuk Paku police station and Pahang River.
Historical Lubuk Paku police station.
This historical police station was ambushed and destroyed by Dato' Bahaman, Tok Gajah and Mat Kilau followers during British protectorate in Pahang on early 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9649925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649925" title="Kalambo">
Kalambo

Kalambo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9649930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649930" title="Rio Pomba">
Rio Pomba

Rio Pomba is a city in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais founded on December 25, 1767. The city has a population of 28,449 inhabitants and it is located 441m of height with an area of 251.76 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="9649935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649935" title="Rodolfo Ceccotti">
Rodolfo Ceccotti

Rodolfo Ceccotti was born in 1945 in Florence, Italy, where he lives and works as a painter and printmaker. After teaching in Carrara, he became a lecturer in Printmaking Techniques at the Fine Art Academy in Florence. Since 1996, he has also been Director of Studies at the Scuola Internazionale per la Grafica d'Arte Il Bisonte in Florence. 
Self-taught, he has devoted himself to painting since he was a boy; decisive was the friendship with the poets Gatto, and Gherardini Betocchi, Fiorentino Capocchini, Vignozzi, Caponi, Scatizzi and Tirinnanzi was instrumental. However, his ideal teachers have always been Constable Turner, Borrani, Sernesi, Fattori, Monet and Friedrich.
1970s.
In his early 20s, he won a scholarship for young artists awarded by the Florence City Council. In 1971, 1973 and 1977, he was invited to the Florin exhibitions. He held his first personal exhibition at the gallery ‘Inquadrature’ in 1974. In 1974, he designed the windows for the Church of San Silvestro in Tobbiana di Prato. After 1975, he began to hold personal exhibitions in numerous Italian cities until, in 1979, he received a prestigious invitation to an antological exhibition at the Olivetti Cultural Centre in Ivrea. A number of national and international collectives followed. 
By this time the themes of his work had already developed: landscaper with open skies, trees and isolated farmhouses. In 1979, Carlo Ludovico Ragghianti put him in charge of the drawing course at the International Art University in Florence.
1980s.
In 1984, he was among the five artists chosen by Leonardo Sciascia for the exhibition ‘Artists and Writers’ held at the Rotonda of the Besana in Milan. He was invited to hold a personal exhibition at the gallery ‘La Tavolozza’ in Palermo. 
A turning point for his work was his trip to Sicily in 1986, after which his watercolour and oil paintings presented skies with vivid colours above deserted spaces. The works of this period were exhibited in two personal exhibitions at the gallery Pananti (Florence) in 1987 and at ‘La Tavolozza’ (Palermo) in 1988. 
Among the most prestigious printmaking exhibitions are the following: "The Image of the Sign 1940-1990" at Villa Renatico Martini in Monsummano Terme (Pistoia); "Ten Years of Acquisitions 1984-1990" at the ‘Gabinetto Disegni e Stampe’ in the Uffizi; "Signs of Tuscany" in Chianciano; "Firenze 4th of November 1966, Thirty Years Later" at the Gallery ‘Il Bisonte’, Firenze; "III Etching Biennal" at Rotary Club of Acqui Terme, Ovada; "XIV International Biella Prize".
1990s.
In 1990 he held a one-man show in Piombino, and in 1991, he exhibited a number of his works together with those of Piero Vignozzi at the Fortezza Doria in Portovenere.
In 1994, Tommaso Paloscia listed him in the Mondadori Catalogue of Graphic Art.
In 1997, he made eight etchings for the poetry volume "Mentira" by Dedy Luziani, Il Bisonte Editions. In 1998, the Gallery ‘Il Bisonte’ hosted an antological exhibition of his work as painter and printmaker. In 1999, he participated in a collective exhibition of the artists linked with ‘Il Bisonte’ in Tokyo at the Edogawa-Ku Center and the Yamagata Cultural Center. In 2000, his work ‘Nuvole attraverso i rami’ won the second edition of the Prize Leonardo Sciascia amateur d’estampes. It was consequently entered in the Achille Bertarelli Civic Collection of Prints in the Palazzo Sforzesco in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="9649941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649941" title="Scattered Poems">
Scattered Poems

Scattered Poems is a collection of spontaneous poetry by Jack Kerouac. These poems were gathered from underground and ephemeral publications, as wells as from notebooks kept by the author. Some poems include: "San Francisco Blues," the variant texts of "Pull My Daisy," and American haikus.

</doc>
<doc id="9649962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649962" title="Out of Joint Theatre Company">
Out of Joint Theatre Company

Out of Joint is a British and international touring theatre company based in London. It specialises in the commissioning and production of new writing, interspersed with occasional revivals and classic productions. 
It was founded in 1993 by director Max Stafford-Clark and producer Sonia Friedman. Stafford-Clark remains as Artistic Director. Graham Cowley succeeded Friedman as producer in 1998.
The company has premiered plays by established writers such as David Edgar, Sebastian Barry, Caryl Churchill, April De Angelis, David Hare, Mark Ravenhill and Timberlake Wertenbaker, as well as work from first-time writers such as Stella Feehily. Classic productions include "She Stoops to Conquer", "Three Sisters" and "Macbeth". The company has performed on 6 continents and has co-produced with theatres such as The National Theatre, Royal Court Theatre, Bush Theatre, Hampstead Theatre and Sydney Theatre Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9649964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9649964" title="Cholesteryl nonanoate">
Cholesteryl nonanoate

Cholesteryl nonanoate, also called cholesteryl pelargonate, 3β-cholest-5-en-3-ol nonaoate or cholest-5-ene-3-β-yl nonanoate, is an ester of cholesterol and nonanoic acid. It is a liquid crystal material forming cholesteric liquid crystals with helical structure. It forms spherulite crystals.
Uses.
It is used in some hair colors, make-ups, and some other cosmetic preparations. It is also used in some pleochroic dyes and together with e.g. cholesteryl oleyl carbonate and cholesteryl benzoate in some thermochromic applications.
It can be also used as a component of the liquid crystals used for liquid crystal displays.

</doc>
<doc id="9650004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650004" title="Most European Tour wins in a year">
Most European Tour wins in a year

The following represents the golfers who have won five or more tournaments in a season on the European Tour.
Note: Tiger Woods won five European Tour sanctioned events as a non-member in 2006: two majors, two World Golf Championships, and the Dubai Desert Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="9650014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650014" title="Kendall Webb">
Kendall Webb

Kendall Myles Webb (born September 24, 1984 in Amarillo, Texas) was an All-American point guard for Wayland Baptist University who went on to play professionally for the Bergheim Bandits of Germany. Wayland Baptist competes in the Sooner Athletic Conference of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, or NAIA.
Webb led two teams to the NAIA National Championships and one team to the Sooner Athletic Tournament finals. He was named SAC Freshman of the Year during the 2003-2004 season and 2nd Team All-SAC in the 2004-2005 season. He was named 1st Team All-SAC and 3rd Team All-American during the 2005-2006 season when he averaged 18.9 points and 4.6 assists per game. Webb was named SAC Player of the Year for the 2006-2007 season and produced the highest scoring average of any player in the conference at over 22 points per game.
Coming into the 2006-2007 season, Webb ranked 12th on the all-time Wayland scoring list with 1,419 points. The Wayland scoring record had been held by Michael Parks who played from 1983–1987 and scored 2,015 points. Webb surpassed the record and became the school’s all-time scoring leader on February 17, 2007 with a 36-point performance in a road win at the University of Science & Arts of Oklahoma. Webb finished his career at Wayland with 2,074 points.

</doc>
<doc id="9650018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650018" title="List of football clubs in Malta">
List of football clubs in Malta

This is a list of football clubs in Malta and Gozo, sorted by the leagues they play in:

</doc>
<doc id="9650022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650022" title="South American Under-17 Football Championship">
South American Under-17 Football Championship

The South American Under-17 Football Championship () is a football competition held every two years for South American under-17 teams. The tournament was born in 1985 out of a need for a classification tournament for the newly created FIFA U-16 World Cup (now the FIFA U-17 World Cup). For the first three editions (1985, 1986, and 1988), the competition was limited to under-16 teams. Afterwards, the age limit was raised one year. The tournament is held every two years. Since the first edition, Brazil has been the dominant force of the tournament, winning a record ten times.

</doc>
<doc id="9650025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650025" title="Boukary Dramé">
Boukary Dramé

Boukary Dramé (born July 22, 1985 in Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French-born Senegalese footballer playing in Italy for A.C. ChievoVerona, as a left defender. He is a Senegal international.
Club career.
PSG.
He began playing football at CSL Aulnay-sous-Bois before joining the center of pre-training of PSG at Verneuil . He entered the first team in 2005 and plays its first game in Ligue 1 on 11 September 2005 against the RC Strasbourg .Dramé came through the Paris Saint-Germain F.C. youth ranks, going on to spend two years in the first team, with different outcomes: four matches in 2005–06, 20 in the following, with the capital outfit barely avoiding relegation in the latter. Drame played two years in PSG he wasn't a manly player of the team, and he played poorly only 25 matches in two years.
FC Sochaux.
In July 2007, after refusing the extension of his contract with Paris Saint-Germain in August 2007, Dramé signed a four-year deal at fellow first divisioner FC Sochaux-Montbéliard, also appearing scarcely throughout his first campaign. He picked up a serious ankle sprain on his debut against former club PSG.
On September 1, 2008, he joined Spanish second division's Real Sociedad on a season-long loan. He made his debut in a 2–1 win at Gimnàstic de Tarragona, his only appearance of the season. In 2009 he joined Birmingham City on trial, with Drame keen on a switch to the English Premier League, however he didn't earn himself a contract.
During the 2010/11 season Drame played 26 games for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard and scored two goals. He was sidelined with knee surgery from January for a few weeks. With Drame's contract due to expire at the end of the season, FC Sochaux-Montbéliard offered him a new deal they failed to meet Drame's wage demands. His contract expired at the end of the 2011 season and he became a free agent. With clubs like Beşiktaş J.K., Trabzonspor, U.S. Lecce and VFB Stuttgart all showing interest in the player since his release. In June 2011 Drame was linked with a move to Newcastle United. In July 2011 he was linked with a move to English Championship club Nottingham Forest.
In August 2011, it was reported that Drame had joined Leeds United on trial, on 23rd was transferred from FC Sochaux to Chievo Verona on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="9650049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650049" title="Kawasaki Municipal Subway">
Kawasaki Municipal Subway

The is a planned subway line that will run between and , ultimately extending to . The whole line will lie within the city of Kawasaki in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. It will link the eastern and western parts of southern Kawasaki that are otherwise not well served by rail transport. As the railway line is planned by the city government of Kawasaki and will likely be operated by the Kawasaki City Transportation Bureau, it is commonly known as the .
History.
A plan for a subway through Kawasaki was first devised in the 1960s. In 1966, the Ministry of Transport (now the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport) planned to construct a subway line between and stations.
In 1985, the ministry changed the plan to use the existing Musashino South Line right-of-way, converting it from a freight-only to passenger-only operations. However the operator of the line, Japanese National Railways, was not favorable to the plan due to the line's importance for transporting freight, especially since the passenger-only Nambu Line was already operating nearby. The plan was therefore put on hold.
In 2001, the ministry announced plans to build the line between Shin-Yurigaoka and Kawasaki stations, erasing the eastern segment to Sangyō-Dōro present in the 1966 plan. Instead, the line would have connecting service onto the Keikyū Daishi Line. The Kawasaki city government then divided the 2001 plan into two segments: the segment between Shin-Yurigaoka and to be built first, and the segment between Motosumiyoshi and Kawasaki to be extended later.
However in 2003, due to the weak Japanese economy, the city government postponed the subway's construction for five years. In 2005, they changed the path of the line to go through Musashi-Kosugi rather than Motosumiyoshi, to improve the line's revenue potential. The current funding has been shelved, and as of 2013 there are no concrete plans to proceed.

</doc>
<doc id="9650057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650057" title="Nenjinile">
Nenjinile

Nenjinile is a 1999 Tamil action film directed and co-written by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film features Vijay and Isha Koppikar in the lead roles, while Sonu Sood, Sriman and Manivannan play supporting roles. The film's music is composed by Deva, and the film opened in June 1999 to a mixed response at the box office.
Plot.
The story starts with Karunakaran (Vijay) leaving his village to go to Mumbai looking for a job to help his sister's wedding. He lives with his sister and there he meets Nisha (Isha Koppikar), who loves him at first sight. He first rejects her but later he starts to love her too. He's unable to get a job, and through a friend, joins as a hit man for a gangster. This brings him a lot of money, in this way he can help his family. But when his own gang plan to kill Nisha after killing her parents, he tries to protect her, earning their wrath. Whether he can save Nisha or not forms the crux of the story
Production.
Vijay recommended Isha Koppikar for the lead female role to his father, who signed her on. Vijay revealed he was impressed with her acting despite her lack of understanding of Tamil. An item number was shot with actress Roja making a special appearance in the film. For another song in the film, lyricist Arivumathi was asked to write a song in praise of Vijay – unable to inspire himself to do so, the lyricist later wrote a song around the success of Rajinikanth, hoping it would also adapt to Vijay's rise.
During the post-production stages, S. A. Chandrasekhar accused the son of veteran director K. Balachandar of trying to make pirate copies of the film. The allegations prompted Vijay to pull out of a film he had agreed to act in under Balachandar's production house.
Release.
The film opened to negative reviews, with the critic of Indolink.com claiming the film Chandrasekhar "screwed up the storyline part in a very major way" while mentioning that the only respite was the film's music. The film became a financial failure at the box office and triggered a run of continuous unsuccessful films for Vijay such as "Minsara Kanna'
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Deva, was well received by the audience. The lyrics were written by Vaali, Pazhani Bharathi, Ravi Shankar, Kalaikumar, Vijayan, A. C. Jairam.

</doc>
<doc id="9650076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650076" title="Trevor Ringland">
Trevor Ringland

Trevor Maxwell Ringland, (born 13 November 1959 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a practising solicitor, former British and Irish Lions international rugby player, and Northern Irish politician. As of June 2013, he serves as Co-Chairman of the NI Conservatives. After attending Larne Grammar School, he read law at Queen's University Belfast.
Rugby career.
Ringland made 31 competitive appearances for , scoring nine tries. The majority of his appearances came in the Five Nations, with the remainder coming in the 1987 Rugby World Cup. He also represented Ulster and Ballymena.
In 1983 he toured New Zealand with the British and Irish Lions. Since retirement, he has coached at Ballymena and been a committee member of the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Career outside sport.
As rugby was an amateur sport during his career, Ringland is also a full-time solicitor for Macaulay and Ritchie. In 2006 he was appointed as a member of the new Northern Ireland Policing Board. His Policing Board profile states he is a director of Independent News & Media, Mediation Northern Ireland and The Ireland Funds.
Ringland is also active with Peace Players International, an organisation devoted to promote inter-religious unity in Belfast through sport. Ringland and David Cullen won the 2007 ESPY Arthur Ashe for Courage Award.
Ringland was awarded an MBE for services to the community in Northern Ireland in the New Year Honours 2009.
Political career.
Ringland was Vice-Chairman of the Ulster Unionist Party's East Belfast Branch. On 24 February 2010 Ringland was adopted by the Ulster Unionist Party and Conservative Party as their joint candidate in East Belfast for the 2010 General Election.
In September 2010, Ringland became involved in a controversy over the new leader of Ulster Unionist Party, Tom Elliott. Upon Elliott's election as party leader, Ringland publicly asked the new leader if he would be prepared to attend a Gaelic Football All-Ireland Final in Dublin if an Ulster team were to take part; Elliott refused. On 4 October 2010, Ringland resigned from the Ulster Unionist Party, he later joined the NI Conservatives.
NI Conservatives.
In 2012 he was appointed vice-chairman (Political) of the NI Conservatives, and as the Party's spokesperson for social development, culture and leisure. At the Party's AGM in Belfast on 28 June 2013, it was confirmed he was appointed as Co-Chairman of the NI Conservatives, serving alongside Irwin Armstrong, and primarily responsible for the Party's political brief.

</doc>
<doc id="9650088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650088" title="Oflag XXI-C">
Oflag XXI-C

Oflag XXI-C was a German Army World War II prisoner-of-war camp for officers ("Offizierlager") located in Warthegau, a western province of Poland that had been incorporated into the German "Reich" in 1939. It held Norwegian officers arrested in 1942 and 1943. Originally most soldiers and officers had been released after the end of the Norwegian campaign, but as resistance activities increased, the officers were rearrested and sent to POW camps.
Camp history.
The camp was originally established in June 1942 near Schokken (now Skoki) north of Poznań, in what had previously been Oflag XXI-A, opened in September 1940 as a camp for Polish officers.
In March 1943 it was moved to Schildberg (now Ostrzeszów) south of Ostrów, taking over buildings previously used as a camp for wounded and sick British non-commissioned officers and designated Stalag XXI-A. This camp was unique in that it comprised several buildings in the centre of the small town, from which the remaining Polish inhabitants had been removed. These buildings were not adjacent to each other and were surrounded by barbed-wire fences.
In 1944 the Norwegian officers were located as follows: 630 in the Seminary; 290 in the high-school; 100 in the primary school; 80 in the Richter house; 30 in hospital.
There was also a sub-camp ("Zweiglager"), designated Oflag XXI-C/Z established at Grune bei Lissa (now Gronówko, nr. Leszno), between September 1943 and January 1945.
Liberation.
In January 1945 the officers are marched out westward, finally arriving at Oflag III-A in Luckenwalde, south of Berlin. On 21 April 1945 the Red Army liberated the camp. On 5 May 1945 the Norwegians were transported east to a camp near Lignica in Silesia, then travelled for several days by train to Hamburg and Aarhus, Denmark, finally arriving in Oslo on 28 May 1945.
A Norwegian POW Museum was established in 1996 within the regional museum in the town-hall of Ostrzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="9650096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650096" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Finland">
Postage stamps and postal history of Finland

Finland has produced postage stamps for use since 1856. 
Early history: Background.
In the war of 1808-1809, Russian troops conquered Finland. The country had formerly belonged to Sweden and was annexed to the Russian empire at the Peace Treaty of Hamina on September 17th, 1809. Finland became an autonomous Grand Duchy of the Russian Empire. The Russian Tsar Alexander I (1801-1825) promised that Finland could uphold the existing religion, the basic laws and privileges of the social order. 
Finland was allowed to manage its affairs and employment of its own civil servants. A parliament began to assemble from the year 1863 - the same year where Finnish language got official status and became equal with the Swedish language. In 1865, Finland got its own currency - penni and markka - which quickly turned out to be stronger than the Russian Rouble. From the 1860s, trading - import and export - grow rapidly. Population grew from 1 million in 1809 to over 3 million by the end of World War I. 
When Alexander III ascended the throne in 1881, a process of making Finland a more integrated part of the empire started - many attacks were made in the Russian public on the special rights of the Finnish people and efforts were undertaken to abolish these special rights granted to them, and by many small steps this led to the Russification of the Finnish Post.
Personalised stamps.
The Finnish Post Office now offers a service by which the purchaser of postage stamps can have their own chosen image personalized onto the face of a postage stamp. The user uploads the image to the post office web site and pays a fee over and above the price of a normal postage stamp. 

</doc>
<doc id="9650103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650103" title="Senate of Serampore College (University)">
Senate of Serampore College (University)

The Senate of Serampore College (University) is located in Serampore Town, in Hooghly District, West Bengal, India. Serampore was granted the status of university in 1829, making it India's first institution to have the status of a university. 
The college was founded by the missionaries Joshua Marshman, William Carey and William Ward (the Serampore trio), to give an education in Arts and Sciences to students of every "caste, colour or country" and to train a ministry for the growing Church in India (See: Christianity in India). 
The Senate.
The Senate of Serampore College (University) runs the academic administration of all its affiliated theological colleges. The Council of Serampore College holds a Danish Charter and had the power to confer degrees in any subject, which it currently exercises only for conferring theological degrees as recommended by the Senate. 
The present Master is the Rt.Revd.Dr.John S. Sadananda, Bishop of Karnataka Southern Diocese of the CSI.
Several theological Colleges and Seminaries all over India including Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College.
Authority to issue degrees and accreditation.
King Frederick VI of Denmark originally granted a Royal Charter giving the Senate of Serampore College the status of a degree granting university. of the University Grants Commission Act, 1956 "(as modified up to 20 December 1985)".
In fact, Serampore was the first institution to be given the status of a university in India.
It confers its own degrees in Theology under the power vested by the Charter and Act of Serampore College.
History.
Since Serampore was then a Danish colony, King Frederick VI, the King of Denmark, issued Serampore College its Royal Charter of Incorporation on 23 February 1827, in Copenhagen, Denmark (Charter, 1, Charter, 2, Charter, 3). The charter came in response to Joshua Marshman's visit to King Frederick in August 1826; the charter gave Serampore College the privilege of awarding degrees in Arts and Theology. William Carey, Joshua Marshman, and John Clark Marshman (Joshua's son) were designated as members of the first Council. At its opening, the Trio released a prospectus which proposed ""A College for the instruction of Asiatic Christian and other Youth in Eastern Literature and European Science"." The College was open to all persons of any caste or creed, and the founders ensured that no denominational test would apply to faculty members. The charter has also been confirmed by the Bengal Govt Act. IV of 1918. 
The status accorded by the Danish Charter has since been re-affirmed for the study of Theology and now forms the basis for degrees of all levels conferred by over forty theological colleges throughout India, and is administered by the Senate.It was incorporated by Royal Charter of 1827 and Bengal Government Act. IV of 1918.
Degrees awarded.
Presently, the Senate of Serampore College (University) restricts itself to award of degrees pertaining to theology.
The following are the degrees awarded to students through its affiliated colleges throughout India, Nepal, Bangladesh, and Sri Lanka:
Affiliated colleges.
About 50 colleges are affiliated, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9650106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650106" title="Elena Fernández">
Elena Fernández

Elena Fernández (born on October 28, 1970 in Oviedo, Asturias) is a Spanish actress.
Elena is best known for her roles in films "Mi Nombre es Sombra", directed by Gonzalo Suarez and distributed by Pedro Almodóvar, and the award-winning "La lengua de las mariposas", distributed internationally as "Butterfly's Tongue" or "Butterfly".
Elena is also widely recognized from Spanish sitcoms, "Menudo es mi Padre" with El Fary, "Todo los Hombres Sois Iguales", "Raquel busca su sitio" and "La Vida de Rita".
As well as Spanish, Elena speaks English and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="9650124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650124" title="Zhukovo">
Zhukovo

Zhukovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9650141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650141" title="Institut Jules Bordet">
Institut Jules Bordet

Institut Jules Bordet is a general hospital (with in part university beds) and research institute of the Université Libre de Bruxelles which specializes in oncology. It is located in Brussels, Belgium. The institute is named after Jules Bordet (1870 – 1961), a Belgian immunologist and microbiologist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1919 for his discoveries relating to immunity.

</doc>
<doc id="9650153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650153" title="One Watt Initiative">
One Watt Initiative

The One Watt Initiative (or the proper One-Watt Initiative) is an energy-saving initiative by the International Energy Agency (IEA) to reduce standby power-use by any appliance to not more than one watt in 2010, and 0.5 watts in 2013, which has given rise to regulations in many countries and regions.
Standby power.
Standby power, informally called "vampire" or "phantom power," refers to the electricity consumed by many appliances when they are switched off or in standby mode. The typical standby power per appliance is low (typically from less than 1 to 25 W), but, when multiplied by the billions of appliances in houses and in commercial buildings, standby losses represent a significant fraction of total world electricity use. According to Alan Meier, a staff scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, standby power before the One Watt Initiative proposals were implemented as regulations accounted for as much as 10% of household power consumption. A study in France found that standby power accounted for 7% of total residential consumption, and other studies put the proportion of consumption due to standby power at 13%.
The IEA estimated in 2007 that standby produced 1% of the world's carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. To put the figure into context, total air travel contributes less than 3% of global CO2 emissions.
Standby power can be reduced by technological means, reducing power used without affecting functionality, and by changing users' operating procedures; this is discussed in the relevant article.
Policy.
The One Watt Initiative was launched by the IEA in 1999 to ensure through international cooperation that by 2010 all new appliances sold in the world use only one watt in standby mode. This would reduce CO2 emissions by 50 million tons in the OECD countries alone by 2010; the equivalent to removing 18 million cars from the roads.
In 2001 US President George W. Bush issued Executive Order 13221, which states that every government agency, “when it purchases commercially available, off-the-shelf products that use external standby power devices, or that contain an internal standby power function, shall purchase products that use no more than one watt in their standby power consuming mode.”
By 2005 South Korea and Australia had introduced the one watt benchmark in all new electrical devices, and according to the IEA other countries, notably Japan and China, had undertaken "strong measures" to reduce standby power use.
In July 2007 California's 2005 appliance standards came into effect, limiting external power supply standby power to 0.5 watts.
On 6 January 2010, the European Commission's EC Regulation 1275/2008 came into force regulating requirements for standby and "off mode" electric power consumption of electrical and electronic household and ofﬁce equipment. The regulations mandate that from 6 January 2010 "off mode" and standby power shall not exceed 1W, "standby-plus" power (providing information or status display in addition to possible reactivation function) shall not exceed 2W (these figures are halved on 6 January 2013). Equipment must where appropriate provide off mode and/or standby mode when the equipment is connected to the mains power source.

</doc>
<doc id="9650157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650157" title="Herbie Steward">
Herbie Steward

Herbert Bickford Steward (May 7, 1926 Los Angeles – August 9, 2003 Clearlake, California) was an American jazz saxophonist. He was widely known for being one of the tenor saxophone players in Four Brothers, part of Woody Herman's Second Herd.
Selected discography.
As leader
External links.
Answers.com
Eastwind Import (discography details)

</doc>
<doc id="9650166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650166" title="Historic house museum">
Historic house museum

A historic house museum is a house that has been transformed into a museum. Historic furnishings may be displayed in a way that reflects their original placement and usage in a home. Historic house museums are held to a variety of standards, including those of the International Council of Museums.
The International Council of Museums defines a museum as: ""A museum as a non profit-making, permanent institution in the service of society and of its development, open to the public, which acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits, for purpose of study, education and enjoyment, the tangible and intangible evidence of people and their environment."" 
About.
Also known as a ‘memory museum’, which is a term used to suggest that historic house museum contains a collection of the traces of memory of the people who once lived there. It is often made up of the inhabitants’ belongings and objects – this approach is mostly concerned with authenticity. Some museums are organised around the person who lived there or the social role the house had. Other historic house museums may be partially or completely reconstructed in order to tell the story of a particular area, social-class or historical period. The ‘narrative’ of the people who lived there guides this approach, and dictates the manner in which it is completed. In each kind of museum visitors learn about the previous inhabitants through an explanation and exploration of Social History.
Philosophical/ideological influences.
The idea of a historic house museum derives from a branch of history called Social History that is solely based on people and their way of living. It became very popular in the mid-twentieth century among scholars whom were interested in the history of people, as opposed to political and economical issues. Social history remains an influential branch of history. Philip J. Ethington is a Professor of history and political science, further adds to social history and its relationship to locations by saying –
Following this historical movement, the concept of ‘Open Air Museums’ became prominent. These particular types of museums had interpreters in costume re-enact the lives of communities in earlier eras, which would then be performed to modern audiences. They often occupied large wooden architecture buildings or outdoor sites and landscapes, that were true to the era adding to authenticity.
Collective Memory.
Collective memory is sometimes used in the resurrection of historic house museums; however, not all historic house museums use this approach. The notion of Collective Memory originated from philosopher and sociologist Maurice Halbwachs, in ‘La memoire collective’ (‘On Collective Memory’, 1950). This extended thesis examines the role of people and place, and how collective memory is not only associated with the individual but is a shared experience. It also focused on the way individual memory is influenced by social structures, as a way of continuing socialisation by producing memory as collective experience.
An example of a site that utilizes collective memory is the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park in Japan. It was restored and is based on the dialectics of memory, however it also has the inclusion of joyous festivals to mask the turmoil. The ‘Hiroshima Traces’ (1999) text takes a look the importance of collective memory and how it is embedded in culture and place. Thus, collective memory does not only reside in a house or building, but it also resonates in outdoor space – particularly when a monumental event has occurred, such as war.
Problematic creation of collective memory occurs within historic house museums when the narrative of non-family members is dismissed, ignored, or completely rejected. Within the Southern United States, Plantation Museums (meaning the homes of former enslavers) constitute a significant portion of the museum community and contribute to the racialized collective memory of the United States. Because museums are responsible for “the building of identity, cultural memory and community,” neglecting to include the narrative of ALL people who lived there is dangerous. While some Plantation museum narratives have changed following an outcry from the public and the academy, “plantation museums reflect, create, and contribute to racialized ways of understanding and organizing the world,” by eliminating and limiting the narrative of the enslaved inhabitants. 
Authenticity.
A degree of authenticity is also to be considered in the restoration and creation of a historic house museum. The space must be authentic in terms of truly replicating and representing the way it once stood in its original form and appear to be untouched and left in time. There are three steps when declaring if a space is authentic:
Organizations.
There are a number of Organizations around the world that dedicate themselves in the preservation, restoration and resurrection of historic house museums, they include:

</doc>
<doc id="9650176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650176" title="Zubovo">
Zubovo

Zubovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Kaluga Oblast bear this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kostroma Oblast bears this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Novgorod Oblast bears this name:
Penza Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Penza Oblast bears this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Ryazan Oblast bear this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vladimir Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="9650198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650198" title="Taffy (song)">
Taffy (song)

"Taffy" is a song written and sung by Lisa Loeb. The song was recorded in 1995. It is featured on her album "Tails", and her 2006 greatest hits album, "The Very Best of Lisa Loeb". 
It is about a boyfriend who always lies: the expression is saying that he likes to stretch the truth, which is basically lying.
Although the song was not a very successful single, it was moderately successful on radio. It peaked at #6 on U.S Billboard Bubbling Under The Hot 100 in early 1996, and the single's video was popular on VH1 and MTV. The song charted in the New Zealand RIANZ Top 40 at #39.

</doc>
<doc id="9650200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650200" title="Paul Lankford">
Paul Lankford

Paul Lankford (born June 15, 1958 in New York, New York) was a cornerback who played ten seasons in the National Football League. He played in two Super Bowls for the Miami Dolphins. He is the father of Illinois Wide receiver Ryan Lankford

</doc>
<doc id="9650224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650224" title="Emergency Management Information System">
Emergency Management Information System

Emergency Management Information System (EMIS) is a computer database for disaster response that provides graphical, real-time information to responders.
EMIS and emergencies.
Four phases of an emergency are Preparedness, Risk Mitigation, Response and Recovery. An EMIS shall enable emergency managers or any emergency stakeholder (affected civilians, police, fireman, Non Government Organizations (NGO), etc.) make their required activities in any phase of an emergency in an easy and speedy way. 
EMIS for Preparedness.
this will help
EMIS for Recovery.
An EMIS interacts with many other early alert systems and communicates with many legacy systems. 

</doc>
<doc id="9650228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650228" title="Suzuki RGV500">
Suzuki RGV500

The Suzuki RGV500 was Suzuki's entry in 500 cc Grand Prix motorcycle racing. It won its first 500 cc championship in 1993 in the hands of Kevin Schwantz, who beat both Wayne Rainey and Mick Doohan to the prize. This was the most successful period in the motorcycle's history. The Suzuki suited Schwantz's riding style, as he often pushed beyond the limit of the machine, which often lead to Schwantz crashing as often as he won. 
The Suzuki was always slower than its opposition, as both the Yamaha and especially the Honda were much faster in a straight line; to compensate for this, Schwantz set the RGV up so it would compensate in the braking zones, and in the corners, allowing the Suzuki to slipstream the machines in front. This style of riding was famously quoted by Schwantz stating that he would "See God, then brake".
Other riders failed to adapt their style to the Suzuki, talent such as Doug Chandler and Alex Barros. However many did manage the Suzuki well such as Daryl Beattie who finished second overall in 1995 and Niall Mackenzie.
Kenny Roberts Jr was another who was successful on the RGV. After finishing second in 1999, Roberts became Suzuki's last 500 cc World Champion in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9650243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650243" title="Volcher Coiter">
Volcher Coiter

Volcher Coiter (also spelled Coyter or Koyter) (1534 – 2 June 1576) was a Dutch anatomist who established the study of comparative osteology and first described cerebrospinal meningitis.
Coiter was born in Groningen. He studied in Italy and France and was a pupil of Ulisse Aldrovandi, Gabriele Falloppio, Bartolomeo Eustachi and Guillaume Rondelet. He became city physician of Nuremberg in 1569. He took part in the French Wars of Religion as field surgeon to Count Palatine Johann Casimir. He died in Champagne during the German forces' return march.
His works included "Externarum et Internarum Principalium Humani Corporis Partium Tabulae" (1573) and "De Avium Sceletis et Praecipius Musculis" (1575). His work included detailed anatomical studies of birds as well as a classification of the birds based on structure and habits. He produced an early dichotomous classification key.

</doc>
<doc id="9650244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650244" title="Gennaro Bracigliano">
Gennaro Bracigliano

Gennaro Bracigliano (born March 1, 1980 in Forbach, Moselle) is a French soccer player, currently with Olympique de Marseille.
Personal.
His uncle Vincent Bracigliano is an ex international footballer. He played for FC Metz and FC Nantes.

</doc>
<doc id="9650256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650256" title="Bob Matheson">
Bob Matheson

Robert Matheson (November 25, 1944 – September 5, 1994) was a linebacker who played thirteen seasons in the National Football League. He played in two Super Bowls for the Miami Dolphins.
A standout linebacker at Duke, he was drafted in 1967 by the Cleveland Browns in the first round of the NFL Draft, which was the final year in which the NFL and the AFL held separate drafts. He was then acquired by the Dolphins prior to the 1971 season, after Miami defensive coordinator Bill Arnsparger requested head coach Don Shula to do so.
He was a member of the 1972 undefeated team for the Dolphins.
Matheson was often used by the Dolphins as a fourth linebacker in passing situations. This defensive alignment was often referred to as the "53" defense, named for Matheson's #53 jersey number. This is also referred to as a "34 defense" based on there being 3 linemen and 4 linebackers.
After leaving the Dolphins in 1979, Matheson returned to Duke as an assistant coach. He also coached two seasons with the Miami Dolphins.
Matheson died on September 5, 1994 at Duke University Hospital from complications due to Hodgkin's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9650286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650286" title="Lowline cattle">
Lowline cattle

Lowline cattle are a breed of small, polled beef cattle which were developed by breeders in Australia from black Aberdeen Angus cattle. They are small without having a specific dwarfing gene. They are now popular in the United States, used as pets and suitable for showing by children.
History.
Lowline Angus cattle were developed from 1974 by the Trangie Agricultural Research Centre in Australia. The research was on the effects of genetic selection for growth rate to yearling age. Groups of Angus cattle with high and low growth rates were bred separately and compared with a randomly selected control group. These groups were known as "High Line","Low Line" and "Control Line". The original stock were imported from Canada in 1929, with some Scottish and USA animals added in subsequent years. When the experiment ended in 1992 the Lowline herd was sold to private breeders who formed the Australian Lowline Cattle Association (ALCA). Lowline cattle are now bred in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, USA, and China.
Characteristics.
Lowlines may appear to be, but are not, dwarfs. The cattle were specifically selected for these genetic traits. Lowlines are roughly 100 centimetres (three and a half feet) tall and weigh up to 600 kilograms (1300 lbs). They are black in colour and naturally polled. They are claimed to be very docile. Lowlines are noted for their easy calving ability, with calves weighing 25 kg (55 lbs).
Uses.
Lowline cattle are growing in popularity throughout the United States, used as locker beef or as docile pets. They are suitable animals for children to halter train and show. Carcases are claimed to have higher dressing percentage than most beef breeds, and marbled meat, with an ability to finish on pasture.

</doc>
<doc id="9650288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650288" title="Chamguava">
Chamguava

Chamguava is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae, described in 1991 from Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="9650293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650293" title="Endrendrum Kadhal">
Endrendrum Kadhal

Endrendrum Kadhal (; ) is a Tamil film which released in 1999 written, directed and co-produced by Manoj Bhatnagar. The film stars Vijay and Rambha in the lead roles with Raghuvaran and Banupriya in other pivotal roles. Veteran actor M. N. Nambiar also played a supporting role, while Manoj Bhatnagar also composed the film's music. The film opened to average reviews but was an average success.
Plot.
Vijay is the managing director of a large shipping corporation. He lives in a joint family with his father (Nambiar), two brothers (Radharavi and Dhamu), their wives and children and a spinster sister (Banupriya). He goes to Switzerland to stipulate a contract with Nizhalgal Ravi and Raghuvaran. There he meets Rambha, Ravi's sister. The two fall in love. Ravi approves of Vijay but when he expresses the condition that Vijay should stay with them after the marriage because India is not good, he refuses his offer and returns home. But later Raghuvaran and Rambha travel to India to mend fences. Raghuvaran learns that Banupriya had been dumped by Ravi for a better life and Vijay is just waiting for an opportunity to kill the man who destroyed his sister's life. He devises ways of preventing Ravi from attending the marriage but later he tells Banupriya the truth. Vijay overhears this and is angered, but Raghuvaran solves all the problems by deciding to marry Banupriya. Banupriya agress for this too, making everyone happy. Finally Vijay, seeing his sister happy leaves Ravi alone. Eventually Rambha and Vijay get married.
Production.
The film marked a comeback for actress Banupriya, who was signed on for the film in November 1998, after she had relocated base to the USA. Meena was initially approached for the film, but had to turn the offer down due to her busy schedule.
Release.
This low-budget production opened to mixed reviews, with a critic from Indolink.com claiming "even though the film has absolutely nothing new to offer, it doesn’t test your patience." The Deccan Herald labelled that "all in all it is a pleasant film" and that "Vijay’s a little glib, Rambha’s weight loss makes her look haggard and Raghuvaran as not a villain is nice", claiming it was "worth a look".
The co-producer K. T. Kunjumon, who was still reeling under the failure of "Ratchagan", faced further financial crunch owing to the failure of this film, with L. Suresh, a financier in Chennai publicly threatening legal action against the producer for failure to pay back a loan of 75 lakh taken out for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="9650305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650305" title="Subway Stories">
Subway Stories

Subway Stories: Tales from the Underground was a film made in 1997 and produced by Home Box Office for television. It began as a contest among New Yorkers who submitted stories about their experiences within the New York City Subway. HBO picked ten of the stories and cast mostly well-known or accomplished actors (such as Denis Leary, George T. Odom, Rosie Perez and Bill Irwin), and ten well-respected directors (such as Jonathan Demme, Ted Demme, Abel Ferrara, Craig McKay, Julie Dash, and Bob Balaban).
Plot.
"Subway Stories," structured similarly to films such as "Paris, Je t'aime" and "New York, I Love You," is divided according to director into short films, each with their own title, but strung almost seamlessly together.
Critical reaction.
Subway Stories continues to be acclaimed by prominent critics and viewers alike. 3blackchicks.com states it as "honest, humorous and even moving at times."
Commercial releases.
Despite such acclaim for the film, HBO initially only released it on VHS in the United States, although it was later released on Region 4 DVD (Australasia, and Central and South America). HBO released the film on Region 1 DVD (North America) on October 16, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9650328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650328" title="Joe Smith (pitcher)">
Joe Smith (pitcher)

Joseph Michael Smith (born March 22, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball. He is 6'2" and weighs 215 lbs. He attended Wright State University and was drafted by the New York Mets in the third round of the 2006 amateur draft. He was the second player from the 2006 draft to make it to the major leagues.
High school and college years.
Three-year varsity letterman at Amelia High School and Division I All-Fort Ancient Valley Conference honoree, Smith also pitched five years for the select AABC Midland team in Cincinnati. Even through his labrum surgery he was dedicated to return to baseball. In college he was redshirted and played three years in the Horizon League. In 2005, Wright State (WSU) assistant coach Greg Lovelady suggested Smith should drop down to a side-arm delivery, which typically adds movement and subtracts velocity. Ultimately, Smith became Wright State's closer his junior and senior year, as he gained 4-6 mph on his fastball after changing his delivery. He had 13 saves his senior season and a 0.98 ERA. In three seasons Smith posted 22 saves, 145 strikeouts, and 39 walks. In 2005 he was the WSU team MVP and in 2006 he was awarded second team All-Mideast Region, first team Horizon League, Horizon League Pitcher of the Year and WSU Most Valuable Male Athlete.
In the late summer of 2004, Smith experienced summerball with the NECBL with the North Adams Steeplecats. Then in 2005 Smith briefly pitched for the Rockville Express, a team in the Cal Ripken, Sr. Collegiate Baseball League In 2005 he made nine appearances for the Express, posting a 4.66 ERA, a 1–0 record and earning two saves. Later in the summer of 2005, Smith also pitched for the Edenton Steamers in the Coastal Plain League. In 16 regular season appearances, totaling 17.1 innings, he tallied nine saves with a 2.08 ERA, .197 batting average against, and struck out 19 batters. He also recorded the final out of the 2005 Petitt Cup tournament, on a comebacker, to give Edenton its second consecutive league championship. Less than two years later Smith became the first Steamers' alumnus to appear in the majors.
Professional career.
New York Mets.
Smith first began his career with Brooklyn (A) of the New York-Penn League by allowing two runs, one earned in one inning of work against the Staten Island Yankees on June 21. He was named one of the top 20 prospects in the New York-Penn League by "Baseball America". When Duaner Sánchez was hurt during a taxi cab incident in 2006, Mets general manager Omar Minaya considered bringing up Smith to the Majors. Instead, the Mets traded for Roberto Hernández and Oliver Pérez to give Smith more time in the minors. On March 24, 2007, after a strong spring training, it was announced Smith would be on the Mets' 25-man roster. On April 1, 2007, Smith made his major league debut. He struck out one (Preston Wilson) and walked one (Albert Pujols). He also gave up a single to David Eckstein. Smith earned his first major league win on April 24, 2007 after coming on in relief in the 12th inning. Smith enjoyed much success in the beginning of 2007 but slowly began to tire and was sent down to the minors mid year. Smith was with the Mets for all of the 2008 Season enjoying varied success. He went 6–3 in 63.3 innings with a 3.55 ERA.
Cleveland Indians.
On December 10, 2008, Smith was traded by the Mets to the Cleveland Indians as part of a twelve-player, three-team deal. On January 18, 2013, the Cleveland Indians announced they had avoided arbitration with Smith, signing him to a one-year contract worth $3.15 million.
Smith became a free agent following the 2013 season but has expressed interest in remaining with the tribe.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On November 24, 2013, Smith reportedly agreed to a three-year contract for $15 million with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, pending the completion of a physical. On November 27, 2013, the Angels confirmed that the team and Smith agreed to the terms. On April 25, 2014, Smith was named the Angels' new closer after multiple struggles by former closer Ernesto Frieri. After a few questionable outings from Smith, Frieri and Smith began splitting the role.
Pitching style.
Smith's pitching style is different from most. According to hitters, he will come at you from 3rd base. His release point is about 8:30 on the analog clock, lower than side armed, and higher than submarine. Smith's fastball usually is at 88-92 mph and has been known to hit 94 mph. His fastball can even be considered a sinker because of its hard acting downward movement. He routinely gets ground balls because of this. Smith also throws a slider and a changeup.

</doc>
<doc id="9650361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650361" title="Body of mandible">
Body of mandible

The body of the mandible is curved somewhat like a horseshoe and has two surfaces and two borders.
Surfaces.
External surface.
The external surface is marked in the median line by a faint ridge, indicating the symphysis or line of junction of the two pieces of which the bone is composed at an early period of life. 
This ridge divides below and encloses a triangular eminence, the mental protuberance, the base of which is depressed in the center but raised on either side to form the mental tubercle. 
On either side of the symphysis, just below the incisor teeth, is a depression, the incisive fossa, which gives origin to the mentalis and a small portion of the orbicularis oris. 
Below the second premolar tooth, on either side, midway between the upper and lower borders of the body, is the mental foramen, for the passage of the mental vessels and nerve. 
Running backward and upward from each mental tubercle is a faint ridge, the oblique line, which is continuous with the anterior border of the ramus; it affords attachment to the depressor labii Inferioris (Quadratus labii inferioris) and depressor anguli oris (Triangularis); the platysma is attached below it.
Internal surface.
The internal surface is concave from side to side. Near the lower part of the symphysis is a pair of laterally placed spines, termed the mental spines, which give origin to the genioglossus.
Immediately below these is a second pair of spines, or more frequently a median ridge or impression, for the origin of the geniohyoid. 
In some cases the mental spines are fused to form a single eminence, in others they are absent and their position is indicated merely by an irregularity of the surface. 
Above the mental spines a median foramen and furrow are sometimes seen; they mark the line of union of the halves of the bone. 
Below the mental spines, on either side of the middle line, is an oval depression for the attachment of the anterior belly of the digastric. 
Extending upward and backward on either side from the lower part of the symphysis is the mylohyoid line, which gives origin to the mylohyoid; the posterior part of this line, near the alveolar margin, gives attachment to a small part of the Constrictor pharyngis superior, and to the pterygomandibular raphé. 
Above the anterior part of this line is a smooth triangular area against which the sublingual gland rests, and below the hinder part, an oval fossa for the submaxillary gland.
Borders 4.
Superior-
Inferior-
Anterior-
Posterior-
The superior or alveolar border, wider behind than in front, is hollowed into cavities, for the reception of the teeth; these cavities are sixteen in number, and vary in depth and size according to the teeth which they contain. To the outer lip of the superior border, on either side, the buccinator is attached as far forward as the first molar tooth. 
The inferior border is rounded, longer than the superior, and thicker in front than behind; at the point where it joins the lower border of the ramus a shallow groove; for the facial artery, may be present.
The Anterior mandible is the front part of your lower jaw,that holds your front teeth. 
The Posterior mandible is the wider, flatter surfaces of the teeth in the posterior mandible are used primarily for chewing food. These teeth also often have wide and sometimes deep grooves on the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="9650367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650367" title="Calycolpus">
Calycolpus

Calycolpus is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae, native to the Americas.
The species "Calycolpus excisus" is a small tree known only from the limestone mountains of eastern Cuba, also known as "Eugenia excisa". It is on the IUCN Red List of Threatened species.[http://www.iucnredlist.org/search/details.php/32969/summ]
Species.
Species currently (February 2013) accepted by The Plant List:

</doc>
<doc id="9650390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650390" title="Three into One">
Three into One

Three into One is the first compilation album from the band Ultravox, released in 1979 in the USA and in June 1980 in the UK. The album is a compilation of songs from their first three albums, "Ultravox!", "Ha!-Ha!-Ha!" and "Systems of Romance", and therefore concentrates on the earlier incarnation of the band from the 1970s featuring John Foxx, as opposed to the more recognisable 1980s line-up which featured Midge Ure.
The vinyl version and CD version of the song "Quiet Men" are different. The version on vinyl comes from the single with the same name and has the abrupt end, while the CD version is longer and fades out at the end.

</doc>
<doc id="9650406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650406" title="Cédric Lécluse">
Cédric Lécluse

Cédric Lécluse (born March 29, 1972 in Épinay-sur-Seine is a French professional football (soccer) player, currently without a club after retiring following a woeful season with Ligue 2 side Angers SCO.

</doc>
<doc id="9650413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650413" title="James Graaskamp">
James Graaskamp

James A. Graaskamp (1933-1988), a professor and department chairman of real estate at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, helped establish his field within the realm of academia. He is credited with creating a multi-faceted ethics based curriculum now widely used in teaching real estate.
Biography.
Born in Milwaukee in 1933, he contracted polio at the age of 17. The disease left him quadriplegic, forcing him to abandon a football scholarship to Harvard. He earned a bachelor’s degree in creative writing from Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida, then went on to earn a master’s of business administration in security analysis from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and a doctorate in urban land economics and risk management from the University of Wisconsin. He began teaching real estate at the University of Wisconsin in 1964 and continued until his death in 1988 at the age of 54. His devotion to students and intellectual oratory earned him legions of loyal student followers.
Contribution to Real Estate.
In the 1970s, he began to advocate for an environmental ethic in real estate proceedings, recognizing that development has considerable and nearly irreversible impacts on the land. He also believed in the need for a social component to real estate deals, appreciating that the rights of private and public property owners are inextricably linked.
His theories meant a departure from typical real estate deals of mid-century, based on appraisals that reflected only narrow interests and were not always financially sound. Because any resulting failures hurt communities and small investors, Graaskamp began to advocate a much more comprehensive approach to feasibility analysis. His book, A Guide to Feasibility Analysis, is still used as a standard text today. During the savings & loan collapse of the 1990s, Graaskamp’s concerns were widely seen as vindicated.
By the time of his death, Graaskamp had firmly established the preeminence of the UW Real Estate Department at the University of Wisconsin and nationally. Graaskamp emphasized a multi-disciplinary approach to the curriculum, moving it from a traditional finance emphasis and instead incorporating an eclectic mix of classes in behaviorism, physical science, and business administration. He believed in preparing students to tackle complex, unstructured problems that didn’t lend themselves to neat academic models. Today, the Graaskamp approach is commonplace in most real estate schools.
Graaskamp did not shrink from becoming involved in local politics. In the mid-1980s in his home city of Madison, Wisconsin, he often inserted himself into major city/university discussions over the disposal of large downtown land tracts being vacated by railroad companies.
In 1982, James Graaskamp was named a trustee of the Urban Land Institute, a nonprofit education and research institute that promotes responsible land use. In 2004, James Graaskamp was one of ten “real estate legends” profiled in a ULI book called “Leadership Legacies.” Of the ten, Graaskamp was the sole academic.
Recent developments.
In April, 2007, the University of Wisconsin Center for Real Estate was formally named after James Graaskamp in a special ceremony in Madison. In 2006, more than 600 alumni successfully raised $11 million to rename the Center and enhance the real estate program, on their way to a $20 million goal.
The James Graaskamp Landmark Real Estate collection was made public on October 25, 2007. It contains over 165 of Landmark Research’s consulting reports completed between the late 1960s to the early 1990s. There are appraisals, market and feasibility studies as well as other types of research and analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="9650417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650417" title="Bill Garner (footballer)">
Bill Garner (footballer)

William "Bill" Garner (born 14 December 1947) is an English former footballer born in Leicester, who played in the Football League for Notts County, Southend United, Chelsea, Cambridge United and Brentford.
A bustling centre-forward, Garner started his career in local football in the Leicester area before signing professional forms with Notts County. After only two league appearances he returned to Loughborough United, then signed for Southern League club Dunstable Town, for whom he scored 25 goals, and then Bedford Town, who sold him to Southend United in November 1969 for a fee of £12,000. He was to score 47 goals in 111 games for Southend, and was their top scorer and Player of the Season in 1971–72. After impressing during a League Cup match against Chelsea in 1972, he signed for the west Londoners three days later for £100,000.
Garner's time at Chelsea was hindered by the overall decline of the side, culminating in relegation to the Second Division in 1975, as well as his own injury problems and loss of form. He made a total of 119 appearances for Chelsea, scoring 36 goals. He signed for Cambridge United on a free transfer in 1978. He left Cambridge in 1980 and ended his career with stints at Chelmsford City and Brentford.

</doc>
<doc id="9650422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650422" title="Creative Wonders">
Creative Wonders

Creative Wonders was an educational software corporation from 1994 to 1999. It created computer games based on children's characters like "Sesame Street", "Madeline", "Schoolhouse Rock!", "Arthur", "Little Bear", "Dr. Seuss" and "ABC World Reference".
History.
Creative Wonders started out in 1994 as a division of Electronic Arts. Creative Wonders was responsible for creating popular games like the "Sesame Street" and "Madeline" series. In 1995, Creative Wonders teamed with ABC to create the "ABC World Reference Series", a series of encyclopedias and atlases on CD-ROM.
In 1998, Creative Wonders was purchased by The Learning Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9650441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650441" title="Kincaid Lake">
Kincaid Lake

Kincaid Lake is a artificial lake in Pendleton County, Kentucky. It was created in 1961 by impounding Kincaid Creek, a branch of the Licking River. It is the primary attraction of Kincaid Lake State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9650442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650442" title="Episcopal Diocese of Albany">
Episcopal Diocese of Albany

The Episcopal Diocese of Albany is a diocese of the Episcopal Church covering 19 counties in northeastern New York state. It was created in 1868 from a division of the Episcopal Diocese of New York. 
History.
The Church of England arrived in 1674 with a chaplain assigned to the British military garrison at Albany. In 1704 the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel sent two missionaries to the Mohawk Valley, where the first Anglican church was erected in 1711.
In 1708 the oldest parish, St. Peter's, was founded in Albany. He extended his ministry to nearby Schenectady, and by 1763, St. George's Church was built in that town. In 1765 the last of the colonial parishes, St. John's in Johnstown, was established. By the beginning of the American Revolutionary War, Anglican missions were springing up in surrounding counties. However, the war proved disastrous to the English church, which for almost ten years after remained leaderless and disorganized.
With the formation of the Episcopal Diocese of New York in 1785 (comprising the entire state), the Church in New York began to reorganize. By 1790, during the "Second Great Awakening", expanded missionary activity begun under strong episcopal leadership was largely sustained by a vigorous laity. By 1810, 14 priests served 25 parishes in buildings made possible by grants from Trinity Parish, New York City.
In 1868, nineteen counties in the northeastern quarter of the state were organized into the Diocese of Albany. Its first bishop, William Croswell Doane, was elected in 1869 by a convention of 62 priests and 127 delegates. Bishop Doane's principles and personality had a profound and enduring effect upon the character of the Diocese of Albany. He organized the newly formed diocese after the English model with a cathedral see, and his "high church" leanings found expression in his establishment of St. Agnes School, The Child's Hospital, a community of women religious, and St. Margaret's House and Hospital for Babies.
In 2007, the 8th Bishop of Albany, Dan Herzog, several months after his retirement, renounced his ordained ministry and was received into communion with the Roman Catholic Church. He was, at the time, only the third bishop in the history of the Episcopal Church to do so. Bishop Herzog had since 2003 been an increasingly vocal critic of some decisions of the Episcopal Church's General Convention, including its 2003 affirmation of the election of an openly practicing homosexual bishop, Gene Robinson, in the Diocese of New Hampshire. However, following a period of further reflection, Herzog rescinded his renunciation, and Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori, with the advice and consent of her Advisory Council, restored him to the ministry of the Episcopal Church with effect from April 28, 2010. Bishop Herzog will assist his successor in the Diocese of Albany in the capacity of a retired bishop. Jefferts Schori visited the Episcopal Diocese of Albany in 2011.
William H. Love is the current bishop of Albany. He was elected bishop coadjutor in 2006 and installed in February 2007 following Bishop Herzog's retirement. He is self-identified as orthodox and is considered to be theologically conservative. Love was the only Episcopal bishop in New York State to oppose the passage of the Marriage Equality Act.
Historic churches in the diocese.
Historic churches in the diocese include:

</doc>
<doc id="9650458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650458" title="Thulladha Manamum Thullum">
Thulladha Manamum Thullum

Thulladha Manamum Thullum ( ) is a 1999 Tamil romantic film directed by Ezhil. The film stars Vijay and Simran, while Manivannan, Dhamu and Vaiyapuri among others play supporting roles. The film, produced by R. B. Choudary, has its score and soundtrack composed by S. A. Rajkumar and cinematography handled by R. Selva. The film went on to win critical acclaim and was declared a commercially successful venture at the box office.The movie was declared as a AllTimeBlockbuster by completing 175 days at the Boxoffice.
Plot.
Kutty (Vijay) wants to become a singer while working as a local cable provider run by Mani (Manivannan). His songs are appreciated by a college student Rukmani (Simran) and each time when she wishes to meet him, circumstances project him as a transitive element. He also becomes the cause for Rukmani losing her eyesight and repents for it. He starts to love her and he regularly writes to his mother about the development of love he has for Rukmani. When his mother dies, she offers her eyes to Rukmani. To meet the cost of the eye transplant, kutty offers his kidney to a Pune-based rich man. While returning home he inadvertently becomes an accomplice in creating explosives and he's arrested. Having regained her vision, Rukmani, who had studied for IAS, becomes a Collector and when Kutty tries to contact her, he is still the rowdy element in her mind. Finally the confusion is cleared and the lovers can be together.
Production.
The film saw director Ezhil, an erstwhile assistant to Robert-Rajashekhar, Panneer and Parthiban, make his debut as a film-maker under R. B. Choudary's production house. Prior to release, the role of Vijay's mother in the film was kept under wraps with the media speculating who would play the role. Eventually, no actress played the role although the character played a pivotal part in the film. Vijay took a pay cut for the film, accepting only 30 lakh rupees instead of 50 lakh rupees, as he had signed the film before the release of his blockbuster "Kadhalukku Mariyadhai". Initially Ezhil wanted comedian Vadivelu to play the lead role, Vadivelu who was impressed with the story has said to Ezhil that the story line was too good and he doesn’t know whether it will work with him in the lead. Vadivelu also asked Ezhil to wait for six months, if he didn't get anyone hero then he will act in it then he was replaced by Vijay.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Sun TV. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Reception.
The film went on to become a blockbuster, running for hundred days across dozens of theatres in Tamil Nadu, while it also enjoyed similar success in the neighbouring state of Kerala. Vijay and Ezhil immediately decided to follow up this film with another collaboration, "Pennin Manathai Thottu", with either Isha Koppikar or Roja to be roped in as the lead actress. However soon after pre-production, Vijay was replaced by Prabhu Deva and the film went on to release in 2000. The success of the film led to more offers for Simran, who with "Thulladha Manamum Thullum" and "Vaali", established herself among the leading actresses in Tamil films. Vijay and Simran were also paired together in several other films after the success of "Thulladha Manamum Thullum", with projects titled "Priyamanavale" and "Udhaya" launched weeks after this film's release.
A critic from the Deccan Herald mentioned that "the experience of seeing the film is simply thrilling", mentioning that the success comes from "the naivete, the simplicity, the absolute lack of sophistication, and from the delightful hero (Vijay)".
Awards.
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
Filmfare Awards South
Remakes.
The film was later remade in Telugu as "Nuvvu Vastavani" by Ezhil in 2000 starring "Akkineni Nagarjuna" and "Simran" and the film enjoyed similar levels of success. The film was remade in Kannada as "Oh Nanna Nalle" with V Ravichandran. The film was also adapted into a Bengali movie "Sathi" in 2002 starring Jeet and Priyanka Trivedi, and into an Oriya movie "I Love You" in 2005 starring Anubhav Mohanty and Namrata Thapa. It also partly inspired two Hindi language films - Rohit Nayyar's "Sun Zarra" in 2006 and Yash Raj Films' 2010 film "Lafangey Parindey".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was composed by S. A. Rajkumar was well received by the audience, while lyrics were written by Vaali.

</doc>
<doc id="9650461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650461" title="Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award">
Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award

The Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award is given annually to the collegiate American football head coach adjudged by a group of National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Bowl Subdivision head coaches and sports information directors under the auspices of the Walter Camp Football Foundation as the "Coach of the Year"; the award is named for Walter Camp, a progenitor of the sport. It also honors a Walter Camp Man of the Year for service.
The award has been presented yearly since 1967 during the Walter Camp Football Foundation's annual awards weekend, held on the campus of Yale University.

</doc>
<doc id="9650491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650491" title="Mazda Hakaze Concept">
Mazda Hakaze Concept

The Mazda Hakaze Concept is a concept car that was revealed in early February 2007 by Japanese manufacturer Mazda. Its major design elements come from a new design language developed by Mazda called Nagare, developed by Laurens van den Acker, Mazda Global Design Director. It translates to "flow". This element has been used on past Mazda concept cars such as: Mazda Nagare; Mazda Ryuga; Mazda Kabura. 
Niche.
It was designed to have the looks of a coupe, the functionality of a Crossover SUV or CUV, while having the driving capabilities of a roadster.
Features.
The car has no door handles, cameras in place of mirrors, lighting effects, scissor doors, and a partially removable roof.
Interior.
Inside it has four bucket seats, making somewhat of a 2+2 format. There is a wrap-around center console. Everything inside can be adjusted to the driver's specific needs; once they are set the settings are stored in a Bluetooth card that the driver keeps possession of. When the driver activates the car using the card, all his/her personal preferences are automatically adjusted.

</doc>
<doc id="9650504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650504" title="Carlos Bruneel">
Carlos Bruneel

Carlos Bruneel is a Belgian flautist. He has played throughout Europe, America and Japan.
He studied at the Conservatory of Antwerp with Jan Van Reeth. In 1982 he carried off the Belgium Tenuto Contest. He continued studying in London with Jonathan Snowdon and took master classes from Aurèle Nicolet and William Bennett.
He has been flute soloist with La Monnaie Symphonic Orchestra since 1981 and others like the BRTN Ancient Philharmonic Orchestra, and several chamber orchestras including Prima La Musica and Collegium Instrumentale Brugense.
Bruneel is member of the Prometheus Ensemble and of the La Monnaie Wind Quintet. He plays recitals with pianists as Jan Michiels, Levente Kende or Daniël Blumenthal.
Carlos Bruneel has been professor flute at the Brussels Royal Conservatory since 1994. He gives master classes throughout Europe and Japan and often is a jury member for international competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9650538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650538" title="Ahmed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud">
Ahmed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud

Ahmed bin Salman (17 November 1958 - 22 July 2002) was a member of the House of Saud and a media executive who was also a major figure in international Thoroughbred horse racing.
Early life.
Prince Ahmed was born in Riyadh on 17 November 1958. He was the third eldest son of Salman bin Abdulaziz and Sultana bin Turki Al Sudairi. His father Prince Salman is the Minister of Defence since November 2011 and Crown Prince since June 2012. His mother, Sultana Al Sudairi, died in July 2011. She was a daughter of Prince Salman's uncle, Turki bin Ahmad al Sudairi, who was one of the former governors of Asir Province. Ahmed bin Salman is full brother of Prince Fahd, Prince Sultan, Prince Abdulaziz, Prince Faisal and Princess Hussa.
Education.
Prince Ahmed first studied at Colorado School of Mines. He then graduated from Wentworth Military Academy. After graduation, he returned to Saudi Arabia and joined the Saudi Air Force.
Later, Ahmed bin Salman continued his studies in the US and attended University of California, Irvine. He studied comparative culture and graduated from the university in the early 1980s.
Career.
In Saudi Arabia, Ahmed bin Salman joined armed forces before dealing with business. After leaving armed forces, in 1985, he established ASAS, a company which specialized in maintenance and contracting. He became chairman of Saudi Research and Marketing Group (SRMG) in 1989, a media company with offices in Riyadh and Jeddah as well as in London and Washington D.C. Prince Ahmed also bought 80% of the daily, "Asharq Al Awsat", which is a publication of the SRMG.
SRMG is reported to be the largest media company in the Middle East. However, the business was worth $90 million when Prince Ahmed took over the company. Its assets were worth nearly $533 million at the period when he died. After his death, his full brother Prince Faisal became the chairman of SRMG.
Involvement in horse racing.
Ahmed bin Salman began horseracing activity with his college friend Richard Mulhall as his horse trainer and eventually his manager of racing operations. Firstly, he bought a gray stallion named Jumping Hill. Then, Prince Ahmed began racing under the name Universal Stable until 1994. Later, he created the Thoroughbred Corporation and became the principal partner of this company. In 1999, Ahmed bin Salman won the Epsom Derby with Oath. He also won the Preakness and Belmont Stakes with 2001 horse of the year, Point Given. He also achieved another dream by winning the Kentucky Derby with War Emblem in May 2002, making him the first Arab horse owner to win this race. War Emblem was sold to Prince Ahmed just three weeks before the race after the horse won the Illinois Derby. The price of the horse was $ 900.000. Prince Faisal, his brother, succeeded him as the head of the Thoroughbred Corporation after his death in 2002.
Ahmed bin Salman also owned Spain, horse racing's all-time female money-winner. He is one of only four men to have raced both a Kentucky Derby winner and an Epsom Derby winner. The others are John W. Galbreath, Michael Tabor, and Paul Mellon.
Other positions.
Ahmed bin Salman was appointed Secretary-General of the Prince Fahd bin Salman Charitable Association for Kidney Patients and a member of the charity’s board of directors after the death of his elder brother Fahd bin Salman in 2001.
Personal life.
Prince Ahmed is survived by his wife, Lamia bint Mishaal, daughter of Mishaal bin Saud. He had four daughters and a son. His family owns three percent of Saudi Research and Marketing Group (SRMG), reportedly the largest media company in the Middle East.
Death and funeral.
Ahmed bin Salman died of heart failure at age 43 in Riyadh on 22 July 2002. He was buried in Al Oud cemetery on 23 July 2002 after funeral prayers at the Imam Turki bin Abdullah mosque in Riyadh. His cousin, Sultan bin Faisal bin Turki bin Abdullah, brother of Abdullah bin Faisal, who had been killed in a car crash while coming to Riyadh to participate in funeral prayers for Prince Ahmed, was also buried with him in Al Oud cemetery in Riyadh.
Alleged involvement in 9/11 attacks.
In "Why America Slept" (2003), Gerald Posner claimed that Ahmed bin Salman had had ties to al-Qaeda and had advance knowledge of the September 11, 2001 attacks. The story was strongly denied by his family pointing out that he in fact loved America, spent a great deal of time at his home there in Bradbury, and invested heavily in the American horse racing industry. His friends in American racing stated their knowledge of him and his attitudes made it impossible to believe the allegations.
Legacy.
Faisal bin Salman announced in 2004 that Prince Ahmad bin Salman Institute for Applied Media Training would be established to train journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="9650542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650542" title="Forty Days and Forty Nights">
Forty Days and Forty Nights

"Forty Days and Forty Nights" is a blues song recorded by Muddy Waters in 1956. Called "a big, bold record", it was a hit, spending six weeks in the Billboard R&B chart where it reached number seven. "Forty Days and Forty Nights" has been interpreted and recorded by a variety of artists.
Original song.
"Forty Days and Forty Nights" is a mid-tempo blues song with an irregular number of bars written by Bernard Roth (who also wrote Muddy Waters' "Just to Be with You"). An early review called it "a dramatic piece of material with effective lyrics".
Backing Muddy Waters (vocals) are Little Walter (harmonica), Willie Dixon (bass), possibly Fred Below or Francis Clay (drums), Pat Hare (guitar), and Jimmy Rogers or Hubert Sumlin (second guitar). The song was recorded during Pat Hare's first recording session with Waters and "Hare's crunching power chords rippled with distortion that was well suited for blues in the rock and roll explosion".
The song was one of Waters' last charting singles and appears on several of his compilation albums, including the 1965 album "The Real Folk Blues". He later recorded "Forty Days and Forty Nights" for the 1969 "Fathers and Sons" album and the "Authorized Bootleg: Live at the Fillmore Auditorium November 4–6, 1966" album released in 2009.
Other versions.
"Forty Days and Forty Nights" has been recorded by various blues and other artists, including Steppenwolf from "Steppenwolf 7", John Hammond, Jr., Eric Burdon from his "Soul of a Man" album, and Buddy Guy for the "" soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="9650545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650545" title="American Repertory Company">
American Repertory Company

The American Repertory Company was founded in the 1980s and continued on until 2004, when founder Manu Tupou died on June 5. Manu Tupou not only was the founder but remained artistic director until his final days.
Founder.
The American Repertory Company has a cherished heritage as it is a product of the great teachers of New York from the mid to late 20th Century. Tupou, being the Artistic Director, shared his wealth of knowledge that had been passed down from his teachers. He studied with Lee Strasberg for 15 years at The Actors Studio, where he remained a senior lifetime member. Although his primary teacher was Strasberg, he also studied with the other greats such as Uta Hagen, Stella Adler, Sanford Meisner, and Harold Clurman. His studies with the aforementioned as well as his collegiate studies coupled with his understanding of nature as a life force in itself that benefits the artist, was the core of what The American Repertory had to offer for its select students.
It was a private company which offered classes limited to no more than 12 or 15 at the very maximum at a time as well as private training. This allowed Tupou to give focus on his students in detail and find their working problem and remedy it. Although Tupou brought with him the teachings of the great acting teachers, he reformulated much of the techniques to not only enhance the actors' training but to also protect their sanity. Being classmates with Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Shelley Winters etc. during the heyday of sense memory, Tupou experienced first hand the long-term effects of the resultant damage that some of these techniques can cause. He sought to revamp these techniques while still retaining their strength and intensity in order to protect the actors' sanity. The new technique was called the New Era Acting Technique (NEAT).
Technique and training.
Gleaning true knowledge and workable applications from his extensive educational experience in the arts, Manu Tupou formulated his discoveries into the simplistic, but revolutionary, "New Era Acting Technique" (NEAT). The hallmark of the NEAT technique is its respect for the sanctity and sanity of the individual artist—upgrading the artist's creation away from the limitations of memory and recalled past experiences, into a more redeeming and uplifting "slice of life", happening here and now in present time.
This was the major difference in approach from the way his mentor Lee Strasberg taught Tupou and his classmates. One of the main philosophies behind the technique is that each talent is a unique essence unto itself—and also the most important, single, irreducible creative element in any production. Also equally unique (almost without exception), each talent observed will be found to have his own "working problem" as a creative artist. Small or large, the working problem can effectively sabotage any actor's creative abilities, and hence, his career. To Tupou an important aspect was not only to correctly and accurately identify the working problem of an actor but more importantly providing a workable route by which such problems could be overcome through understanding and improved artistic ability.

</doc>
<doc id="9650560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650560" title="Park Michigan">
Park Michigan

Park Michigan was a proposed 80 story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois designed by Pappageorge/Haymes, Ltd. Its location is a street level parking lot at the northeast corner of Wabash Avenue and 9th Street. As part of the planned project, the former YWCA located at 830 South Michigan Avenue, also the official address of Park Michigan, would be gutted and turned into a restaurant.
On February 15, 2008, a foreclosure lawsuit was filed by Hermes Capital LLC after a loan default in December 2007 by Developer Renaissant Development Group. Hermes is run by Demetris Giannoulias (brother of Alexi Giannoulias).

</doc>
<doc id="9650564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650564" title="Mathieu Eugene">
Mathieu Eugene

Mathieu Eugene is a New York City Council member. He is a Haitian-American, he was born in Cap-Haïtien in April 1954. He made history when he won two special elections to become the first Haitian-born elected official in the state of New York. He attended schools in Haiti, Belgium, and Mexico. He is a master and black belt in the martial art of Tae Kwon Do.
Eugene, a physician, attended medical school in Belgium, Dominican Republic and Mexico. He has a medical degree from Universidad del Noreste in Mexico but does not practice in the U.S. While he was studying in Belgium, he met the martial art movie superstar Jean-Claude Van Damme and they became friends and have remained so ever since. Before he became Council member, he was a community organizer. He is still running a youth program in Brooklyn. Eugene is a practicing <Roman Catholic> as well.
Eugene is a member of the New York City Council representing District 40 in Brooklyn. The district includes parts of Crown Heights and Flatbush. First elected in a special election on February 20, 2007, Eugene, a Democrat, is the first Haitian-American member of the New York City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9650572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650572" title="Ed McDaniel">
Ed McDaniel

Edward McDaniel (born March 23, 1969 in Batesburg-Leesville, South Carolina) is a former American football linebacker in the NFL. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings, 5th round (125th overall) of the 1992 Draft. He spent his entire career with the Minnesota Vikings. 
Ed is a co-owner of D1 Sports Training in Greenville, South Carolina. He resides in a suburb of the Twin Cities in Minnesota and owns a number of apartment buildings in Minneapolis and St. Paul. H
Summary:
- Born on March 23, Ed is a Pisces.
- Height 5'11" (180 cm).
- Weight is 234 lbs (106 kg).
- NFL 10 years experience.
- Ed attended Clemson University.
- 1998 National Conference Pro Bowl player

</doc>
<doc id="9650580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650580" title="2nd Vision">
2nd Vision

2nd Vision was a British jazz-rock band notable for including guitarist John Etheridge and violinist Ric Sanders, both former members of Soft Machine. It released the album "First Steps", which has been re-released on Blueprint Records (Voiceprint Group) in 2006.
The roots of 2nd Vision were sown in 1977 when Sanders invited keyboard player Dave Bristow and drummer Mickey Barker, both of whom he'd already played with in his Birmingham days, to form an improvising unit named Surrounding Silence, which debuted at the Riverside Jazz Festival in August 1977.
After Etheridge and ex-Gryphon bassist Jonathan Davie joined them, the band, renamed 20/20 Vision, played a well-received gig at the Alexandra Palace in May 1979. The band were offered a management deal by Jo Lustig, who had already represented the likes of Richard Thompson, Pentangle and the Chieftains, and signed with Chrysalis, recording their debut LP in the autumn of 1979, with John Cameron producing. The material was composed by either Sanders or Bristow, with Etheridge contributing one piece, a new version of his Soft Machine solo acoustic guitar piece "Etika".
"It was a jazz-rock group, in the mould of Weather Report, Mahavishnu, that kind of things", Etheridge remembered. "The one album we made was a very good record. It sounds dated now of course, because it was done using the Yamaha CS-80... But of all the records that I've made, it's the one that the most trouble was taken over making. I was very pleased with the guitar on it, we took a lot of time to do it. I was quite happy with that... But this was in the late 70's, so it was all punk and new-wave...".
The album was launched with a four-night residency at London's Riverside Studios in Hammersmith on May 7–10, 1980, with a different guest (Richard Thompson, Gordon Giltrap, Jethro Tull's David Palmer, June Tabor) joining the band each night. Unfortunately, all the British music papers went on strike for several weeks, so there was almost no coverage of the event, and the album failed to sell.
There was an attempt to continue the band with a revised line-up, including bassist Fred Thelonious Baker and drummer Nick Twyman (his predecessor Barker would go on to join heavy-metal band Magnum in 1985), which toured the UK extensively as the John Etheridge/Ric Sanders Group in May 1981, but sadly this was to be its swansong.

</doc>
<doc id="9650592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650592" title="Troop commander">
Troop commander

Troop commander is a military rank or appointment used by a number of countries to signify the officer in command of a troop, a traditional cavalry or artillery sub unit.
British Army.
A troop commander is an officer in the British Army, who commands 15 other soldiers (a "troop") and their vehicles. A troop usually consists of four or sometimes more armoured vehicles such as tanks and APCs. While serving in the Household Cavalry, Prince Harry was a reconnaissance troop commander, commanding six scimitar LRV-Cs.
Canadian Army.
A troop commander (TC) is normally a junior officer (2nd lieutenant or lieutenant) in the Royal Canadian Artillery or Royal Canadian Armoured Corps.
Red Army.
A troop commander is the senior officer in command of a Red Army cavalry troop. The rank is usually that of a captain, or senior lieutenant.
A cavalry troop is equivalent in size and general strength to a rifle (infantry) company. A cavalry troop normally has five platoons.
This typical formation was used by the 25th Ukrainian Mounted Rifle Regiment, a mounted rifle unit of the Ukrainian territorial defense army of the Red Army of the Soviet Union. Although disbanded, it is commemorated by living historians in the North East United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9650594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650594" title="Tillotson">
Tillotson

Tillotson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9650608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650608" title="Lake Shore High School">
Lake Shore High School

Lake Shore High School is a high school located in the lakefront community of St. Clair Shores, Michigan. The school, a part of Lake Shore Public Schools, serves grades 9-12. The mascot for Lake Shore is the Shorian. Lake Shore High School offers training in CAD, dental careers, web design and video production along with college advance placement classes and dual enrollment. Lake Shore High School, along with all of the other district schools have been remodeled, equipped and technologically upgraded to serve students in an environment suited for the 21st century. Dr. Joe DiPonio is the current principal with John Hartley and Janelle Bross as the current assistant principals.
History.
Lake Shore was originally a one room school house that worked with grades first through eighth, located on Thirteen Mile Road and Jefferson Ave. in Saint Clair Shores, Michigan. Charlotte Hoffman attended here, and her father became an active board member who promoted a 2-room school house. Soon after that, it was changed by adding a large blue curtain to separate the 1st-4th and 5th-8th graders. At that time, students who wished to go to high school went to Mount Clemens High School.
The first graduating class had 3 students, in 1926.
Currently, LSHS has 2 floors, 4 flights of stairs, 1 elevator, an auditorium, a football field, a practice field, a main gym, a performance gym, a divided cafeteria, and a library (media center).
Lake Shore High School has had numerous renovations in the past, the latest coming in 2010. Lake Shore added a new student commons and a new Performance gym. The new gym was needed because of a Title IX legislation ruling that stated boys and girls seasons must be at the same time. According to Donald Kling, director of facilities and transportation at Lake Shore Public Schools, LSHS did not have the gym space available for all the practices. Because of scheduling conflicts, some students would be at practice as late as 10 p.m. This forced many districts such as Lake Shore to add performance gyms.
Funding for the new gym came from the extension of a 2008 bond. The extension generated $9.7 million, which was also used to make renovations to the other schools in the district. Due to this, Lake Shore High School was able to build a new, more secure entrance at the back of the school and a commons area in addition to the gym. The new entrance is a way of saying "Welcome to Lake Shore," Kling said. The new gym is just more than 17,000 square-feet and has seating for almost 2,000 people, as well as an indoor, rubberized track. While some high school basketball courts are 84 feet long, the court at Lake Shore is 94 feet long, the same size as an NBA-regulation court.
Extracurriculars.
Sports.
Sports were active for the boys when the main school building opened in the mid-20's. Girls' sports came to light in the early 70's. Lake Shore is best known, athletically, for the 1993 and 1994 Boys Basketball team that went 26-1 and 28-0, respectively, and winning the Class B State Championship in 1994. Most will say that the 1993 team was better all around, deeper and skilled team. To this day they are still the only Boys Basketball team located in Macomb County to ever win the State Championship.
Music.
Lake Shore Marching Shorians are a flight III group. The school hosts three different band classes: Jazz Band, Symphonic Band and Wind Ensemble. For concerts, graduation ceremony, and competition at MSBOA, Symphonic Band and Wind Ensemble are combined into Wind Symphony. Pit Band is an elective ensemble who provide instrumental accompaniment to holiday, spring and musical choir performances. The choral program is one of the highest membership programs at Lake Shore, and includes the Woman's Chorale, Lake Shore Singers, Show Choir and Glee Club. The choirs also combine each spring to produce a musical; they performed their first musical in 1973.
</ul></ul>

</doc>
<doc id="9650624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650624" title="Marc-Antoine Fortuné">
Marc-Antoine Fortuné

Marc-Antoine Fortuné (born 2 July 1981) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for Wigan Athletic.
Fortuné started his professional career at Angoulême in 1998, and made 63 league appearances in four seasons before switching to Lille in 2002, where he made 16 league appearances. He spent the 2003–04 season on loan to Rouen, making 34 league appearances, and switched permanently to Stade Brest in July 2004. He made 33 league appearances in his single season at Stade Brest, and moved to Utrecht in 2005, where he made 53 league appearances. He joined AS Nancy in January 2007, and made 71 league appearances, also spending a six-month loan to West Bromwich Albion from January 2009 until the end of the 2009–10 season. Having made 17 appearances for West Brom, he joined Celtic in July 2009, and made 32 appearances in his solitary season for the club. He rejoined West Brom in August 2010, this time on a permanent deal, and made 62 league appearances for the club, also spending a month on loan to Doncaster Rovers in 2011, making 5 league appearances for the club. He joined current club Wigan Athletic in July 2013.
Early life.
As a child Fortuné played both football and basketball, but gave the latter up at the age of 12 due to scheduling conflicts.
Club career.
Angoulême.
At age 16 Fortuné was given a trial by the French club Rennes. He was not offered a contract, but instead signed for lower-league team Angoulême. He broke into the Angoulême side in the 1999–2000 season and had a successful start, scoring three goals in ten appearances before the end of the campaign. At the end of the 2000–01 season, Fortuné propelled the club out of the Championnat de France amateur and into the Championnat National, the third tier of French football. His continued goalscoring form and overall performance during this and the following season caused much speculation over his future with media reports constantly linking him with many Ligue 1 clubs. In the following summer, Fortuné joined Ligue 1 side Lille. In all, Fortuné made a total of 63 league appearances for Angoulême, scoring 18 goals.
Lille OSC.
Upon joining Lille, the then 21-year-old struggled, finding himself playing on the left of midfield. This coupled with a constant series of injuries lead to dips in form and a low point in Fortuné's career. He was injured on his second appearance for the club and was ruled out for a month. Upon his return to action, he picked up another injury. This new injury caused Fortuné to be out of action for a further six weeks. In his first and only season for Lille, he started just seven times and only made a further nine appearances from the substitutes bench. During this season he was unable to score a single goal.
Rouen.
Fortuné joined Ligue 2 club Rouen on loan in the summer of 2003 with an option to make the move permanent. With this fresh start for the young player, Fortuné saw a return to form. Playing from right-midfield he managed to score goals in his first three appearances which earned him a role back to his preferred role of striker. A successful season at Rouen ended with ten Ligue 2 goals in 34 appearances. His good form for Rouen earned him a move to Stade Brest.
Stade Brest.
Fortuné signed for Ligue 2 side Stade Brest in July 2004, making it his third new club in three successive seasons. It turned out to be another successful move for Fortuné. He started the season playing wide on the right side of a front three. This led to a league position of 9th and a good run in the Coupe de France ending in the quarter-final stage. He scored 10 goals in 33 Ligue 2 appearances and started to draw attention from bigger clubs around Europe including Eredivisie side FC Utrecht.
Utrecht.
In 2005 Fortuné moved to FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie. Finding himself back in the winger role he enjoyed a successful time at the club but struggled after the death of his friend, neighbour and teammate David Di Tommaso. During his time at Utrecht, Fortuné scored a total of 13 goals in 56 league and cup appearances for Utrecht. During the January transfer window of the following season he looked for a move back to France after an unsettling period in the Netherlands. He secured a move back before the transfer deadline and was signed by Coupe de la Ligue winners and Ligue 1 side Nancy.
Nancy.
Fortuné returned to France in January 2007, this becoming his fifth move in as many years, with Tomblaine club AS Nancy. He started off his first season back in France well, scoring six goals in 17 Ligue 1 appearances. The 2007–08 season saw Fortuné struggling for form and failing to score a goal. This caused him to take on the role of a substitute for most of the season. He finished the 2007–08 campaign with just seven goals in 38 appearances, with most of them being from the bench. His third season back in France with Nancy saw much of the same as the previous. Fortuné made just 24 appearances with most of them as a second-half substitute. This season was even less successful as Fortuné netted only two goals during the Ligue 1 season. He became unsettled at Nancy but was unable to secure a move away from the Stade Marcel Picot during the summer transfer window. During the first half of the 2008–09 he was once again mainly used by Uruguayan coach Pablo Correa as a substitute with several clubs from the Premier League tracking his progress.
West Bromwich Albion.
Fortuné moved to West Bromwich Albion in the January 2009 transfer window, joining on loan for the remainder of the 2008–09 season. He made his début for West Bromwich Albion in their 3–0 Premier League home win over Middlesbrough and scored by deflecting teammate Robert Koren's shot into the net. In just five months with the club, he became a fan favourite of the supporters, scoring five goals in eighteen appearances as well as creating other goals. He won the West Bromwich Albion Supporters' Player of the Year despite only joining the club in January.
Celtic.
On 9 July 2009, Fortuné signed for Celtic in a deal worth £3.8 million. He scored his first league goals on 22 August in a 5–2 win against St. Johnstone at Celtic Park and his first European goals on 18 December in a 3–3 draw against Rapid Vienna in the Europa League. Overall Fortuné's time at Celtic wasn't successful. Due to his big price tag and unimpressive goalscoring record, the player's stay at the Glasgow club was seen as a summation of the manager Tony Mowbray's ill-fated reign. The new Celtic manager, Neil Lennon didn't include Fortuné in his plans and thus the striker made his last appearance for the club against his former side FC Utrecht in the Europa League.
Return to West Bromwich Albion.
On 27 August 2010, Fortuné completed a whirlwind return to The Hawthorns on a permanent basis after the striker joined West Bromwich Albion from Celtic for an undisclosed fee. He scored the first goal of his second spell with the club on 23 October 2010 in a 2–1 win over Fulham. Fortuné also scored the equalising goal, in a 2–2 draw at home, against Wigan Athletic on 1 February 2011. After his loan return from Doncaster Rovers, he began to make appearances for West Brom in 2012. On 4 February 2012, he started the game and scored the opening goal in a 2–1 defeat at home to Swansea City. This was just his 3rd goal for the Baggies.
Marc was released by West Brom at the end of the 2012–2013 season
Doncaster Rovers (loan).
In November 2011, Fortuné signed a loan deal with Doncaster Rovers. He made his début for the club in the 0–0 draw against Watford at the Keepmoat Stadium. He got his first assist for the club a week later, setting up Billy Sharp to score the winner against top of the table Southampton, again in front of the home fans. He scored his first goal for Doncaster in their 2–1 loss away at Birmingham City. However on 20 December 2011, WBA recalled Fortuné along with two other loaned players due to an injury crisis.
Wigan Athletic.
Fortuné signed for FA Cup holders Wigan Athletic on 5 July 2013. He signed on a two year contract, on a free transfer. Fortuné made his début for The Latics away to Barnsley as a 74th minute substitute on 3 August 2013, where he made 2 assists, including one to set up Shaun Maloney for Wigan's 4th goal in a 4–0 win at Oakwell. Fortuné scored his first goal for Wigan in a 1–0 victory away to Yeovil Town at Huish Park on 10 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9650652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650652" title="Brett Maxie">
Brett Maxie

Brett Derrell Maxie (born January 13, 1962 in Dallas, Texas) is a former professional American football defensive back who played 13 seasons in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, Carolina Panthers, and the San Francisco 49ers. He spent the 2007-2008 NFL season as a defensive assistant with the Miami Dolphins. On February 11, 2008 Maxie was named the assistant defensive coach with the Dallas Cowboys under Dave Campo. Maxie played college football at Texas Southern University. 

</doc>
<doc id="9650653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650653" title="Risley Park">
Risley Park

Risley Park is a park located off Risley Road in Oak Grove, Oregon. Risley Park is controlled by North Clackamas Parks and Recreation. Risley Park has a combination of children's play equipment, picnic tables, a walking path, basketball and tennis courts, water fountains .

</doc>
<doc id="9650668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650668" title="Cheek by Jowl">
Cheek by Jowl

Cheek by Jowl is a theatre company founded in the United Kingdom by Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod in 1981. The company has performed across the world and, with their 1986 production of "Twelfth Night", were the first to bring a Shakespearean play to The Swan.
An international theatre company working in English, French and Russian, Cheek by Jowl has toured to over 200 cities in 40 countries, including Peter Brook's Bouffes du Nord in Paris, the Chekhov International Festival and the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Cheek by Jowl is an Associate Company of the Barbican Centre, London.

</doc>
<doc id="9650675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650675" title="Guimiliau">
Guimiliau

Guimiliau () is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
It is noted for its parish close. It should not be confused with the neighbouring commune and village of Lampaul-Guimiliau.
Population.
Inhabitants of Guimiliau are called in French "Guimiliens".
Local Saints.
Guimiliau, or Gwimilio in Breton, is named after St Miliau. The name simply means town or settlement (Breton: "gwic") of Milio. According to legend, Miliau was a good and just Breton prince, put to death in a dynastic quarrel in the 6th or 9th century.
Guimiliau is also famous as the reputed birthplace of St Hervé, a 6th-century ascetic, who is one of the most popular Breton saints.
Parish close.
Parish closes are a distinctive feature of Breton culture in the historic Léon diocese, in which Guimiliau stands. As the name suggests, a close is a completely enclosed church yard, usually with a commanding entrance arch. Sacred enclosures were a feature of Celtic religion even before the arrival of Christianity. Parish closes today form the foci for pardons, the annual Breton pilgrimage festivals, which can attract thousands of worshippers.
The parish close of Guimiliau is situated at the upper end of the main village street, with the entrance dominating the village.
The calvary or crucifix is the centre piece of the church yard, surrounded by a fine and complex retelling of the Passion in statuary.
The church contains many fine examples of polychrome sculpture from the sixteenth century onwards, including several large retables. There is also a fine octagonal baptistery, a carved pulpit and a collection of banners used especially in religious processions at pardons.

</doc>
<doc id="9650685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650685" title="Armin, Prince of Lippe">
Armin, Prince of Lippe

Armin, Prince of Lippe ("Armin Leopold Ernst Bruno Heinrich Willa August Fürst zur Lippe") (born 18 August 1924, in Detmold) is the son of Leopold IV, Prince of Lippe and his second wife Princess Anna of Ysenburg and Büdingen.
Head of the House of Lippe.
He succeeded his father as head of the house of Lippe following his death on the 30 December 1949. On 22 March 1953, he renounced his position in favour of his older half brother Prince Leopold. This move proved controversial within the house and several princes started legal proceedings. Prince Leopold later in 1958 renounced the headship in favour of his older brother Hereditary Prince Ernst. Later in that year the Hereditary Prince called a family council where it was agreed by the princes in attendance that the oldest prince living in Germany would be head of the house. So the position went to Prince Simon Casimir (1900–1980).
Although agreeing at the time, Prince Ernst August of Lippe, the son of Prince Julius Ernst of Lippe and Duchess Marie of Mecklenburg, later changed his mind believing all princes of house not just those living in Germany should be considered. He ultimately assumed the headship of the house. Ernst August died in 1990 and his son Prince Friedrich Wilhelm of Lippe (b. 1947) has continued his claim. Prince Armin, who has said he did not think his decision in 1953 was irrevocable, also claims to be head of the house, given the fact that he inherited the family fortune, including farming land, forests and the princely castle at Detmold, where he is living. 
He was a first cousin of Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld, consort of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands, and was a child attendant at their 1937 wedding.
Marriage and Child.
He married Traute Becker, daughter of Gustav Becker and Charlotte Meyer, on 27 March 1953, in Göttingen, Germany, in a civil marriage followed by a religious ceremony on 29 March 1953, in Celle, Lower Saxony, Germany. They had one child:

</doc>
<doc id="9650693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650693" title="William Stark (physician)">
William Stark (physician)

William Stark (1740 or 1741–1770) was an English physician and medical pioneer who investigated scurvy by experimenting on himself with fatal consequences. He devised 24 restrictive diets, such as bread and water with a little sugar for thirty-one days, but died after only eight months whilst living exclusively on honey puddings and Cheshire cheese.
Early life.
William was born in Birmingham, the eldest son of Thomas Stark, a merchant of Manchester. (also sometimes described as of 'Scottish parents'). He studied philosophy at Glasgow University, where he graduated MA in 1758, and then proceeded to Edinburgh, where he became friends with William Cullen. He moved to London in 1765, and concentrated on the study of medicine, entering as a pupil at St George's Hospital. He studied anatomy under John Hunter (1728–1773), and undertook experiments on blood and other animal fluids. He studied medicine at the University of Leiden, obtaining his degree on 2 September 1766 (or 1769) He published his thesis "Specimen medicum inaugurale septem historias et dissectiones dysentericorum exhibens" in 1766.
Self experimentation.
Stark was a friend of Sir John Pringle, and Benjamin Franklin, and his experimenting was triggered by Ben Franklin's description of how, as a printer, he had survived for 2 weeks on a simple diet of bread and water.
Encouraged and advised by John Pringle, Stark began his study of scurvy in London, June 1769, with a series of dietary experiments on himself. He devised a series of 24 dietary experiments in an effort to prove that a ""pleasant and varied diet was as healthful as simpler strict diets"". He kept accurate measures of temperature and weather conditions, the weights of all food and water he consumed, and the weight of all daily excretions. Stark also recorded how he felt on a daily basis, he described himself as being a healthy, young man.
His experiment started with a basic diet of bread and water with a little sugar for thirty-one days. He became 'dull and listless' so ate better until he recovered. He resumed experimenting by adding various foods, one at a time - olive oil, milk, roast goose, boiled beef, fat, figs, and veal. After two months, his gums were red and swollen, and they bled when pressure was applied, a symptom of scurvy.
By November 1769 he was living on nothing but pudding, albeit with black currants to celebrate Boxing Day. 
He had considered testing fresh fruits and vegetables but was still working through tests with honey puddings and Cheshire cheese when he died in February 1770.
Death and legacy.
After eight months of experimenting, he died on February 23, 1770, at the age of twenty-nine. His legacy was not a breakthrough discovery but his detailed record keeping indicated the importance of vitamin C to later researchers. Had he heeded the recent discoveries of James Lind, he would have known to include citrus fruits in his experimental diet. Instead he followed Pringle's advice to abstain from salt. His friends attributed his death to "the impudent zeal with which he prosecuted his investigations".
James Carmichael Smyth published "The works of the late William Stark … consisting of clinical and anatomical observations, with experiments dietetical and statical (1788)", eighteen years after his death

</doc>
<doc id="9650700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650700" title="List of San Beda College alumni">
List of San Beda College alumni

San Beda College is well known for its strong community and a Bedan's graduation from college does not end his or her relationship with San Beda. In fact, Bedans bring to the practice of their professions and the exercise of office the culture and the traditions of Benedictine education.
The San Beda College Alumni Association (SBCAA) currently handles and manages the alumni network as part of its efforts to keep the Bedan spirit alive and intact among San Beda's graduates and alums. The SBCAA holds yearly the greatly anticipated "Red and White Ball", usually at the NBC Tent located in The Fort Bonifacio Global City in Taguig. The "Red and White Ball" serves not only as a reunion for Bedans but as a social gathering of prominent people in Philippine society, as well.
San Beda College-Mendiola.
Appointed Government Officials.
Raoul creencia (Ll.b)- currently government corporate counsel

</doc>
<doc id="9650720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650720" title="Richard Wade">
Richard Wade

Richard Wade was a member of the Canadian Football League, working for the British Columbia Lions, the Calgary Stampeders, the Ottawa Renegades and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. Wade entered the league as a guest coach in 2004 and subsequently held various player personnel, scouting and front office roles in the league through 2011. 
Wade, an eight-year veteran of the Canadian Football League (CFL), was active in several roles with the British Columbia Lions (2006, 2007, 2011), the Calgary Stampeders (2004), the Ottawa Renegades (2005, 2006) and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats (2008, 2009, 2010). Primarily noted for his work in player personnel, recruiting and evaluation, Wade also held coaching positions with Calgary and Ottawa, where as an offensive assistant coach he worked with quarterbacks and receivers, the offensive line and special teams. In his only front office role, Wade was promoted to Director of Football development in Ottawa 2006 and tasked with re-structuring the club operations. 
His development of import players additions was highlighted in his personnel work and in the identification, evaluations, workouts and signings of four import players who were named as CFL Rookies of the Year in 2011, 2007, 2006 and 2004. Wade planned and operated US free agent workout camps that produced numerous active roster impact players and was instrumental in assisting to rebuild the Hamilton Tiger-Cats from 2008 to 2010. In his previous role with the BC Lions, the club has historic levels of success with record seasons of 15–5 and 14–3–1 marks and a 2006 Grey Cup Championship. (Ulrich V.P., Edwards H.S.)
Football background.
Coach Richard Wade.
Wade would be named as Offensive Line and Special Teams Assistant Coach and responsible for the operation of the club's Player Personnel department working closely with Forrest Gregg, the Renegades executive Vice President. 
The press announcement of Wade's hire in Ottawa described Wade as follows: 
Forrest Gregg announced Friday that Richard Wade has been named to the new position of Director of Football Development. Wade, a Los Angeles native will serve in a multi dimensional role as an assistant special teams coach, be involved in Canadian and U.S. player talent evaluations, facilitate player contracts and act as a liaison between the Renegades media department and the Renegade coaching and personnel department. Wade has taken over his new role in the Renegades office 
effective today. (Ottawa Citizen, Ottawa Sun)
Forrest Gregg stated that “Richard is a bright young man who has a wide range of talents that will well serve the Renegade organization.” 
Head coach John Jenkins stated “Richard has already served us well as a regional scout in the Western United States, plus I worked with him when he was a guest coach with the Calgary Stampeders, so I know he will be a major asset for our organization." 
After the Ottawa Renegades team was suspended Wade was picked up by the British Columbia Lions Football Club, 
In the 2006 Grey Cup Championship, after winning the Western Division Final, the BC Lions defeated the Montreal Alouettes 25-14 to cap off a highly successful season, which included CFL Rookie of the Year award Aaron Hunt, Most Outstanding Canadian and defensive Linemen DE Brent Johnson, CFL Top Offensive Linemen and CFL Most Outstanding Player Geroy Simon, Head Coach Wally Buono would later be named CFL Coach of the Year. Returning in 2007 Wade would continue to work with Bob O'Billovich, the BC Lions Director of Player Personnel as a Regional Scout. BC Lions Cameron Wake was named CFL Rookie of the Year marking another stellar scouting season as Wade has now been involved with three scouting programs in four years and has three CFL most outstanding rookies from this time. The BC Lions have eight of the last ten Rookie of the Year award winners. 
12 March 2008 Wade joins Bob O'Billovich and the Hamilton Tiger-Cat in the Eastern Division of the Canadian Football League.
CFL players return to the NFL/ Wade Scouting Prospects and Quotes/ Hamilton Spectator Article
The death of both the Arena Football League and NFL Europa means that the CFL and the fledgling United Football League—a four-team league playing a six-game schedule—are the only remaining pro leagues. The success of recent exports such as Cameron Wake (Miami) and Stefan Logan (Pittsburgh) -- both former B.C. Lions—has shown that CFL players can thrive in the NFL.
Ticat general manager Bob O'Billovich says the evolution of the American game is also making CFL players more attractive.
"When you look at the style of play in the U.S now, in both college and the pros, teams are throwing the ball a lot more than they ever did in the past," O'Billovich said, citing the popularity of the spread offence. "Some of the NFL teams are going for the smaller, quicker guys rather than the big, bulky body-type guys. We've been playing with faster guys at most positions for years."
While O'Billovich says he doesn't mind losing players to the NFL -- "you can't fault them for wanting to give it a shot" -- there are those around the CFL who have concerns.
"It says good things about our league that there are great players up here and people recognize that," Saskatchewan Roughriders' president-CEO Jim Hopson said this week after losing Chick to the Indianapolis Colts. "I would like to see it be clean -- you have a contract, you finish it and then you go. I'm not sure if that is in the best interest of the CFL at this point."
But Ticat scout Richard Wade, who scouted current Ticat starters DeAndra' Cobb and Marquay McDaniel among others, says there is an upside to the option year.
"For every player we send down south to a healthy NFL contract we get 20 additional prospects who will consider playing in the CFL. From my experience, you see the better agents viewing this route as a legitimate avenue to get a player's career advanced, and thus the league gets a better level of competition in the long run," Wade said in an e-mail.
"And more and more the players see it as a real chance to play now and still live the NFL dream. Replacing players has become better as a result of the flow." 
Miami Dolphin "Phins" website/Wade Comment 
Richard Wade scouted, worked out, and signed Chris Wilson and Cam Wake two players who made the jump from the CFL to the NFL successfully, he is sort of a CFL scout/guru who has the eye for talent and he has a great point, it is hard to convince American College Football players to give the CFL a try, but as there is more CFL to NFL cross pollination the CFL can attract those better, more gifted players to give the CFL a shot 
The CFL won't make any player wealthy, the #3 overall pick in 2009, Jamall Lee took a shot at the NFL as an UDFA in Carolina last preseason because even if he made the practice squad, his salary would be 5k a week, in the CFL he entire salary would have been 50,000..Canadian Dollars.
2011 Wade vacates Tiger-Cats player personnel role. 
The Hamilton Tiger-Cats will forge ahead in 2001 without top US Scout Richard Wade. After a three season run in Hamilton and a successful rebuild of the O'Billovich era Tiger-Cats Wade has left the club. The team will still heavily rely on Wade's previous prospects with over 19 of Wade's scouting projects still manning the Hamilton roster. These current T-cats include Chris Williams(New Mexico State), Pierre Singfield (Arizona State) and Mitch Mustain (Southern California) joining Markeith knowlton, Marquay McDaniel, Jason Boltus, Demonte Bolden and Justin Hick as other Tiger-Cat player additions. In the O'Billovich/Wade era of 2008, 2009 and 2010 the Tiger-Cats left behind futile season results of 3-15, 4-14 and 1-17 to respectable back to back 9-9 campaigns and two home playoff games.
External links.
Denver Colorado: KWGN-TV 
http://www.ticats.ca/article/ticats-announce-football-operations-staff
the.honoluluadvertiser.com/article/2009/.../hawaii904080407.htmlCached

</doc>
<doc id="9650722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650722" title="P. M. Forni">
P. M. Forni

Pier Massimo Forni (born 1952), a native of Italy, is an award-winning professor at Johns Hopkins University, where he has taught since 1985. He has co-founded and currently directs the Civility Project at Johns Hopkins.
Education and career.
Forni received his undergraduate degree in Letters and Philosophy from the University of Pavia and his Ph.D. in Italian literature from UCLA. His numerous published writings on Italian literature include "Forme complesse nel Decameron" (1992) and "Adventures in Speech: Rhetoric and Narration in Boccaccio's Decameron" (1996). Dr. Forni has held visiting appointments at several U. S. universities including the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Virginia, and the University of California at Davis. In Italy, he has lectured at the University of Venice, the University of Naples, and the University of Florence, among others. He is a former Fellow of Villa I Tatti, The Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies in Florence.
Civility Project at Johns Hopkins University.
In 1997, he co-founded the Johns Hopkins Civility Project, whose aim was to assess the significance of civility, manners and politeness in contemporary society. He was also co-director of “Reassessing Civility: Forms and Values at the End of the Century,” an international symposium which took place at Johns Hopkins University in March 1998. Dr. Forni is currently the director of The Civility Initiative at Johns Hopkins University—which he founded in 2000. He frequently lectures and conducts workshops on the rewards of fostering a culture of civility in today’s workplace and the connections among civility, ethics, and quality of life.
Publications.
In 2002, Dr. Forni published the best-seller "Choosing Civility: The Twenty-Five Rules of Considerate Conduct". Since then the book has acquired the status of a little classic within the American civility movement. His second book on civility, "The Civility Solution: What to Do When People Are Rude" (2008) provides examples on how to respond effectively and civilly in different day-to-day rude encounters. He has contributed to a chapter on ethics and international protocol in the Convention Industry Council International Manual (2005). His article “The Other Side of Civility” appeared in the November 2005 issue of the Johns Hopkins magazine. “Why Civility Means Business: A Memo to the B-School Dean (Cc: the CEO)" was published in the Spring/Summer 2011 issue of One, the magazine of the Johns Hopkins Carey Business School. In 2009 the Association of Image Consultants International awarded him the Image Makers Merit of Industry Excellence Bravo Award, which counts among its past awardees Oprah Winfrey, Michael Bloomberg, and Target Stores.
Initiatives.
Dr. Forni’s work has inspired civility-based initiatives around the United States, such as those in Duluth, MN, Cleveland Heights, OH, Howard County, MD, Hershey, PA, Oshkosh, WI, and Lake Charles LA. Among the academic institutions which selected Choosing Civility for their common reading programs are Grand Rapids Community College, Lynn University, Occidental College, Southern Utah University, Muskingum University, the University of West Georgia, Frank Phillips College, Spelman College and Monroe Community College.
Reception.
Dr. Forni’s work has been mentioned by numerous publications including The New York Times, The Times, The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, The Los Angeles Times, and Forbes Magazine. He has been interviewed on several high profile radio and televisions shows, including the ABC’s World News Tonight, CBS Sunday Morning, The Gayle King Show, BBC’s Outlook, and Oprah. Dr. Forni’s contribution to the civility movement that started in the United States at the turn of the millennium is featured in Benet Davetian’s "Civility: A Cultural History" (2009). In a profile which appeared in 2008, Smithsonian magazine stated that P.M. Forni “will be remembered as one of the greatest generals in our nation's struggle for civility.”

</doc>
<doc id="9650724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650724" title="Bunch Creek">
Bunch Creek

Bunch Creek is a stream in Placer County, California, USA. Bunch Creek is a tributary to the North Fork of the American River, which confluence is to the east at elevation. In reaching that confluence, Brush Creek flows through Bunch Canyon. The water quality in Bunch Creek is characterized by low turbidity, and is free of odor; trout were being caught in the creek according to a 1989 survey.(Earth Metrics, 1989)
History.
The history of the town of Colfax, California is intertwined with Bunch Creek. During the Gold Rush of the mid-19th century, miners and trappers of this part of Placer County found a place along Bunch Creek that was generally below the snow line; this place became known as Illinoistown. With the passage of time, and the increase in gold mining activities, the camp grew. It became a village with a general store, saloons, freight company and even a brothel.(Colfax, 2005) This settlement later became to be known as Colfax.

</doc>
<doc id="9650739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650739" title="Barbara Ferris">
Barbara Ferris

Barbara Gillian Ferris (born in London on 27 July 1942) is an English actress and former fashion model.
She appeared in a number of films and productions for television and is possibly best remembered as Dinah, the young woman who eloped with Dave Clark in the 1965 film "Catch Us If You Can". Her other roles were as diverse as the female lead in Edward Bond's controversial play "Saved" (1965) and a vicar's wife in the television comedy series "All in Good Faith" in the mid-1980s. She is the sister of the actress Pam Ferris.
Screen roles of the 1960s.
Barbara Ferris made her earliest television appearances in her teens. In 1961 she played the part of barmaid Nona Willis in Granada’s twice-weekly serial "Coronation Street" and appeared also in episodes of "The Cheaters" (1962) and "Zero One" (starring Nigel Patrick, 1963).
Films.
Ferris's films included the drama "Term of Trial" (1962) starring Laurence Olivier, "A Pair of Briefs" (1962), a romantic comedy set around the Inns of Court; "Children of the Damned" (1964), starring Ian Hendry, in which a group of children brought to London by UNESCO turned out to be humans advanced by a million years; Michael Winner's "The System" (1964), with Oliver Reed and Julia Foster, an early "Swinging London"-style sex comedy about young loafers at a seaside resort; "Catch Us If You Can (film)" (1965), which featured the rock band the Dave Clark Five and owed much to the Beatles' "A Hard Day's Night" the previous year; "Interlude" (1968), alongside Oskar Werner, John Cleese and Donald Sutherland, which film historian Leslie Halliwell described as ""Intermezzo" remade for the swinging London set"; and Desmond Davis's "A Nice Girl Like Me" (1969), in which, surrounded by an impressive cast that included Harry Andrews, Gladys Cooper and Joyce Carey, Ferris played a young woman named Candida who kept getting pregnant ("Candida isn't much for sex but she's big on babies" as one critic put it ).
"Saved".
Ferris played the leading female role in Edward Bond's play "Saved" at the Royal Court Theatre in London in 1965. This was subject to censorship by the Lord Chamberlain who was instrumental in bringing a successful prosecution when the producers went ahead and staged the play without cuts before private audiences. Despite the controversial subject matter, which included a scene in which a baby was stoned to death in its pram, the case was a step towards the Lord Chamberlain's losing his censorship role under the Theatres Act 1968. However, writer and critic Bernard Levin later opined that "Saved" contained "extremes cruelty never seen before outside the Grand Guignol, or possibly even inside", while Ferris's character was described at the time by the "Daily Telegraph"'s critic W.A. Darlington as "a young virago with a screech that afflicts the ear-drums".
Later roles.
Among Ferris’s later television roles were as Emilie Trampusch in "The Strauss Family" (1972), Elizabeth in "Elizabeth Alone" (1981) and Emma Lambe, the wife of a vicar played by Richard Briers, in the first two series of "All in Good Faith" (1985–87). She also appeared as Briers' wife, Enid Washbrook, in Michael Winner's film of Alan Ayckbourn's comedy "A Chorus of Disapproval" (1988). Depicting the tensions and rivalries among a provincial repertory company rehearsing "The Beggar's Opera", the Washbrooks' daughter Linda was played by a young Patsy Kensit. Ferris was also in "The Krays" (1990), a film based on the lives of the Kray twins, who were leading figures in the criminal underworld of London’s East End in the 1960s.
On stage Ferris played the lead female role (Marion) in Terence Frisby's "There's a Girl in My Soup" (1966) at London's Globe Theatre, which for a time held the record as the longest running comedy in the West End (although by then Ferris had been succeeded in the part by Belinda Carroll). She played the leading role of Belinda in Ayckbourn's "Season's Greetings", a black farce about a family Christmas which opened at the Apollo Theatre in London in 1982.
Persona.
Barbara Ferris gave a number of well-regarded performances, but she did not become a big star. Equally, although ostensibly she fitted the stereotypical image of a mid-1960s blonde, she was never really a "starlet", a characteristic she shared with, among other actresses of a similar mould, Julie Christie and Carol White. For a while, after "Catch Us If You Can", she acquired a certain "pin-up" status - and, indeed, in that film she was the model for an advertising campaign by the meat industry. However, even a scene in which the appetite of the audience was whetted by her having removed a fashionable striped jumper and replacing it over her bra with a chunky, more serviceable one, tended to emphasise the feistiness of her character, rather than necessarily making her appear sexy (or, for that matter, conveying the image of a "groupie").
The "New York Times"' review of "A Nice Girl Like You" by Roger Greenspun contained a vignette of Ferris in the late '60s:
""Barbara Ferris is a strong-featured girl with an odd facial resemblance to Noël Coward. Despite her winsome smile, flaxen hair and peaches-and-cream complexion, she plays innocence as if it were an allegory of experience and lines of calculation enmesh the cornflowers.""

</doc>
<doc id="9650755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650755" title="Sadzen">
Sadzen

Sadzen was an ill-defined region on the eastern shore of the Black Sea, which used to be settled by the Sadz people, hence the name. In the mid-19th century, it came to be known in Russian and Western literature as Lesser Abkhazia.
Lesser Abkhazia was the term used to refer to those lands of Abkhazia that were not subject to the direct control of the ruling Chachba dynasty. After the Russian-Circassian War, the bulk of the mountaineers relocated to the Ottoman Empire, while the depopulated coastline was gradually colonized by Christian settlers of various ethnicities. 
The northern part of Sadzen today forms part of Greater Sochi, while the southern part falls within the borders of Abkhazia. The Sochi conflict took place in Sadzen in 1918-1920.

</doc>
<doc id="9650765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650765" title="Tennessee School for the Deaf">
Tennessee School for the Deaf

The Tennessee School for the Deaf is a state-operated residential and day school for deaf and hard-of-hearing students ranging from pre-kindergarten to grade 12. It is located in Knoxville, Tennessee within the historic Island Home Park neighborhood. 
The school was established in 1844 as the Tennessee Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb. The first students were enrolled in 1845.
The Tennessee School for the Deaf is a part of the Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association. It fields high school sports teams in football, basketball, track and field, cross-country running, volleyball, and swimming, which compete against public school teams as well as teams from other schools for the deaf. Cheerleading is also included in the athletic program.

</doc>
<doc id="9650779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650779" title="Estosadok">
Estosadok

Estosadok, sometimes spelled Esto-Sadok or Estosadoc ( or ; , lit. "Little Estonian Garden") is a village ("selo") under the jurisdiction of Adlersky City District of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It is located on the Mzymta River, upstream from Krasnaya Polyana.
The settlement was founded in 1886 by thirty-six Estonian families who arrived on August 21, 1886 to Krasnaya Polyana to render habitable the lands formerly settled by Sadz. The population of Estosadok is roughly 400 people.
There are the ruins of a Circassian fort and the memorial house of the Estonian writer Anton Tammsaare. It is the location of the alpine ski resort Alpika-Service. The railway station of Krasnaya Polyana connects this area with Adler railway station, with further connections to Sochi International Airport, Sochi Olympic Village and the downtown of Sochi.

</doc>
<doc id="9650782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650782" title="Frank Nunley">
Frank Nunley

Frank Hembre Nunley (born October 1, 1945 in Lexington, Alabama) is a former American football player. He played college football for the University of Michigan and spent ten seasons in the National Football League (NFL), all with the San Francisco 49ers. Selected in the third round (62nd overall) of the 1967 NFL Draft, the former linebacker possessed the unique nickname of Fudgehammer due to his sweet disposition off the field.
Nunley anchored the 49ers teams in the 1970s that ran an innovative "flex" defense under Dick Nolan and presented a tough competition to the Dallas Cowboys, twice losing NFC Championship games to the Cowboys in the seventies.

</doc>
<doc id="9650786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650786" title="Colleen Brennan">
Colleen Brennan

Colleen Brennan (born December 1, 1949), also known by other aliases such as Sharon Kelly, is an American porn performer and member of the XRCO Hall of Fame. She won more awards in acting categories than any other female performer of her era.
Career.
A buxom, freckled redhead, Colleen Brennan began her career starring as Sharon Kelly in several 1970s sexploitation films produced by Harry Novak. She also made appearances in Russ Meyer's "Supervixens" (1975) and the Women in prison films "Ilsa, She Wolf of the SS" (1975) and its first sequel "Ilsa, Harem Keeper of the Oil Sheiks" (1976). In 1974 she appeared in an uncredited role as a stripper in the film "Foxy Brown".
In 1975, she had topless cameo appearances in the mainstream films "Hustle" and "Shampoo".
In the 1980s, she began an extensive career in hardcore pornography films starring in several installments of the Taboo series, and winning two AVN Awards in 1987.
She stopped appearing in pornographic films in 1986, at the age of 36.

</doc>
<doc id="9650793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650793" title="Jiji, Nantou">
Jiji, Nantou

Jiji Township () or Chichi is an urban township located in the west central portion of Nantou County, Taiwan. In past years, the Jiji township encompassed a much larger area and included the present-day Shuili rural township, but today's Jiji is well known as now being, by area, the smallest of Taiwan's townships.
The epicenter of the major 1999 earthquake in Taiwan was located in and named after the township. Jiji today is a popular destintation for domestic tourists and daytrippers. The township's famous early-20th-century Japanese-era railway station, the government-run Endemic Species Research Institute, the annual lantern exhibition held during Chinese New Year, as well as other features, attract many weekend visitors. The most popular activity among visitors to Jiji, however, is cycling. Visitors may rent bicycles, tandem bicycles, three-wheeled tricycles or electric-powered bicycles to tour the area's many backroads. A wide selection of local agricultural products can be seen for sale around the township.
In March 2012, it was named one of the "Top 10 Small Tourist Towns" by the Tourism Bureau of Taiwan.
History.
Han Chinese from Zhangzhou began arriving in the area in 1771. The name originates from "Chiv-Chiv", a phrase in the Formosan languages. During the Japanese era (1895–1945), Jiji was a collection and shipping point for camphor produced in the surrounding areas.
Demographics.
Population: 11,399
Villages: 11
Geography.
Jiji is bordered by Zhongliao to the north, Mingjian to the west, Zhushan and Lugu to the south, and Shuili to the east. The Zhuoshui River flows westward along the south border of the township. Jiji Township has a total area of 49.72 square kilometres. The lowest point in the township lies at 230 m above sea level and its highest point is Big Jiji Mountain (Jiji Dashan; Shushu Taisan in Japanese) at 1392 m above sea level. The township is very mountainous and is surrounded by mountains on all sides. Climbing up the top of Jiji Dashan, visitors have a great view of the region including the nearby Sun Moon Lake. There are side trails for enthusiastic hikers. During WWII, a U.S. bomber was shot down by the Japanese artillery, and there 4 airmen killed.
Transportation.
Jiji Township is served by Longquan Station and Jiji Station of the Taiwan Railway Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="9650811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650811" title="Loe">
Loe

Loe or LOE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9650828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650828" title="Mississippi Renewal Forum">
Mississippi Renewal Forum

The Mississippi Renewal Forum was a design charrette in which over 200 community leaders and design professionals worked together to plan the rebuilding of the Mississippi Coast post-hurricane Katrina. In the course of a week in October 2005, the charrette’s design teams generated new plans and codes for all eleven municipalities along the Mississippi coast, including Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, D’Iberville, Ocean Springs, Gautier, Pascagoula and Moss Point.
The Mississippi Renewal Forum was organized by Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour’s Commission on Recovery, Rebuilding and Renewal, in coordination with the Congress for the New Urbanism and Duany Plater-Zyberk & Company. Participants included 140 architects and planners from across the country, as well as more than 50 local planners and officials. 
The week-long charrette – considered by some to be the largest architectural brainstorm in 100 years – saw local and national architects worked together in teams to coordinate specific design plans for each municipality, as well as regional plans for transportation, coding and retail. Designers aimed to plan areas which would be more diverse, less auto-dependent, more environmentally-efficient and more secure from hurricanes. Accordingly, the projects not only focused on reconstruction plans, but also on zoning and development codes. 
Journalists from across the country attended the event, and the forum received coverage by The New York Times, USA Today, and The Chicago Tribune, amongst other local and national periodicals.

</doc>
<doc id="9650831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650831" title="Plechelm">
Plechelm

Plechelm, O.S.B. (Plechelm of Guelderland, Plechelm, also Pleghelm or Plechelmus; died 730), is honored as a saint in both the Roman Catholic Church and the Old Catholic Church as a patron saint of the Netherlands. 
Plechelm was a Irish Benedictine monk who traveled to Rome with two fellow monks, Saints Wiro and Otger. He became a missionary first in Northumbria, England, and then in the Kingdom of Frisia, now the Netherlands. He died in St. Odiliënberg.
Plechem was canonized by Pope Agapetus II about 950. As a result, the Basilica of St. Plechelm in Oldenzaal was built to enshrine his remains in 954.

</doc>
<doc id="9650843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650843" title="Nilaave Vaa">
Nilaave Vaa

Nilaave Vaa is a 1998 Tamil film which released directed by A. Venkatesh and produced by K. T. Kunjumon. The film stars Vijay and Suvalakshmi in the main lead roles, while Sanghavi, Raghuvaran and Manivannan play other supporting roles. The film opened in August 1998 and met with an unfavourable response critically and commercially.
Plot.
Siluvai (Vijay) is the son of Cruz (Vinu Chakravarthy). They are Christians living in a fishing village. In another town, Perumaal (Jaiganesh) is the father to Sangeetha (Suvalakshmi) and Gauri. Sangheeta comes to the small fishing village. Raghuvaran is proposed (and later engaged) to marry her. However, Gauri, falls in love with Siluvai's friend and after hearing that their father Jaiganesh doesn't want to accept the Hindu-Christian marriage, she decides to elope with her lover. This leads to the breakup of Sangeetha and Siluvai's love affair. However Raghuvaran, upon hearing Siluvai's story, gives a great speech to the villagers and unites Siluvai and Sangeetha.
Production.
This low-budget production was jointly produced on Vijay's home banner and K. T. Kunjumon who was still reeling under the failure of "Ratchagan". Initially Rakshana was signed on as heroine but was subsequently replaced by Suvalakshmi. Mansoor Ali Khan had signed to be the villain in "Nilaave Vaa", but the actor later returned the advance of 50,000 and took back his 40 days of call sheets, with Anantharaj consequently replacing him.
Release.
A critic from Indolink.com concluded that the film was "not impressive", while mentioning that "Vijay is his usual self" and that Raghuvaran "has given a good performance as usual". Vijay mentioned that he had expected the film to do good business but was disappointed by its box office failure.
Soundtrack.
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by film composer Vidyasagar. The lyrics were written by Vairamuthu.

</doc>
<doc id="9650855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650855" title="FSV 1926 Fernwald">
FSV 1926 Fernwald

FSV Fernwald is a German football club from the town of Fernwald, Hesse.
__TOC__
History.
After decades as a local side the club was promoted to the Landesliga Hessen – Mitte (V) in 1992 where they would compete until being sent down at the end of the 2000–01 season. "Steinbach" bounced back to enjoy its greatest success in 2005 with a Landesliga championship through a 2:1 victory over "TSV Eintracht Stadtallendorf" in the final match of the season to earn promotion to the Oberliga Hessen (IV), the state's highest amateur class. 
On 8 December 2006 the membership voted to rename the club "FSV 1926 Fernwald" effective 1 July 2007. Steinbach is one of three municipalities, the others being Albach and Annerod, that make up Fernwald.
Honors.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
"FSV" play their home matches at the "Stadion an der Oppenröder Straße" which has a capacity of 2,500 spectators. In addition to a natural grass pitch the facility includes an artificial turf field which serves several area sports associations as a training site and is used for Oberliga matches if the main field cannot be used.

</doc>
<doc id="9650856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650856" title="Andrew Cheshire">
Andrew Cheshire

Andrew Cheshire (born June 21, 1962, Arverne, New York) is an American jazz guitarist.
As a child, Andrew played the piano, but switched to the guitar at age 10. While majoring in fine art in high school, he played jazz in local bands around Long Island. By 1980, Andrew moved to Brooklyn where he began attending jam sessions at clubs such as the Blue Coronet and Pumpkins. It was during this time that he had the opportunity play with jazz veterans like Harold Mabern, Kenny Barron, Gil Coggins, Dewey Redman and Louis Hayes.
In 1991, Andrew had become a member of drummer Walter Perkins group and began forming an association with members of the M-Base collective. During this period he recorded his first sides as a leader which appear on the record "Water Street Revival". In the mid-1990s, Andrew formed associations with tenor saxophonist Rich Perry, bassist Ron McClure and pianist Don Friedman; the latter recording two records together — Andrew's "This is Me" (1996) and Don's "Attila's Dreams" (1998) dedicated to Don's longtime friend and musical associate, the late Attila Zoller.
Andrew has recorded fifteen records as a leader. He has written numerous compositions for jazz
ensemble and has recorded two records for solo guitar. His other musical interests encompass world music and classical for which he recently completed a string quartet. As an electric guitarist, Andrew's interest in sound amplification has led him to design and build several of his own guitar amplifiers featuring original circuits and visual themes. Andrew's art transcends different mediums: as a fine artist, his paintings in oil on canvas adorn the covers of most of his CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="9650861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650861" title="Lake Carnico">
Lake Carnico

Lake Carnico is a reservoir in Nicholas County, Kentucky. It was constructed in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="9650868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650868" title="Tap Roots">
Tap Roots

Tap Roots is a 1948 period film set during the American Civil War. It is very loosely based on the true life story of Newton Knight, a farm owner who attempted to secede Jones County from Mississippi.
Made by Walter Wanger Productions and Universal International Pictures, it was directed by George Marshall and produced by Walter Wanger from a screenplay by Alan Le May, based on the 1942 novel "Tap Roots" by James H. Street, with additional dialogue by Lionel Wiggam. The original music was by Frank Skinner and the cinematography by Winton C. Hoch and Lionel Lindon.
The film stars Van Heflin and Susan Hayward with Boris Karloff, Julie London, Whitfield Connor, Ward Bond and Richard Long.
A radio version of "Tap Roots", with Van Heflin, Susan Hayward and Richard Long reprising their film roles, was broadcast by the Lux Radio Theatre on September 27, 1948.
Reception.
The film recorded a loss of $380,385.

</doc>
<doc id="9650877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650877" title="Liverpool F.C. in European football">
Liverpool F.C. in European football

Liverpool Football Club, an English professional association football club, is Britain's most successful team in Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) competitions. Since 1964, they have won eleven European trophies: the UEFA Champions League (formerly known as the European Cup) five times, the UEFA Europa League (formerly known as the UEFA Cup) three times, and the UEFA Super Cup three times.
Qualification for European competitions is determined by a team's success in its domestic league and cup competitions from the previous season. Liverpool competed in European competitions for 21 consecutive seasons until the 1985 European Cup Final, the occasion of the Heysel Stadium disaster, following which the club was banned from European competitions for six seasons. Since being readmitted in 1991, they have qualified for the Champions League (the successor to the European Cup) eight times and the UEFA Cup (the predecessor to the Europa League) seven times.
As a result of their victory in the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final, Liverpool won the European Champion Clubs' Cup trophy outright, and were awarded a multiple winner badge. Only Real Madrid (nine) and Milan (seven) have won the competition on more occasions. Liverpool's total of three UEFA Cup wins has been matched only by Internazionale, Juventus and Sevilla. They have also won the UEFA Super Cup on three occasions, a total only Milan (five) and Barcelona (four) have bettered.
Bob Paisley is the club's most successful manager in Europe, with five trophies. Liverpool's biggest-margin win in Europe is an 11–0 victory over Strømsgodset in the 1974–75 European Cup Winners' Cup. In European competitions, Jamie Carragher holds the club record for the most appearances, with 139, and Steven Gerrard is the club's record goalscorer, with 38 goals.
Background.
The first continental competition organised by UEFA was the European Cup in 1955. Conceived by Gabriel Hanot, the editor of "L'Équipe", as a competition for winners of the European national football leagues, it is considered the most prestigious European football competition. When the European Cup was first played, Liverpool were in the Second Division, following relegation from the First Division after the 1953–54 season, and thus were ineligible for the competition. During their time in the Second Division, two further competitions were created: the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. Established in 1955, the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup was later re-branded as the UEFA Cup when it came under the auspices of UEFA in 1971. Since the 2009–10 season, the competition has been known as the UEFA Europa League. The UEFA Cup Winners' Cup was inaugurated in 1960 for the winners of domestic cup competitions.
In 1962 Liverpool were promoted to the First Division. Two years later, they won the Football League championship, thus making their European debut in the 1964–65 European Cup. In the following years, further European competitions were inaugurated. The first, the UEFA Super Cup, was originally a match played between the winners of the European Cup and the Cup Winners' Cup. First established in 1973, it changed formats in 2000; since then, it has been contested between the winners of the Champions League (formerly the European Cup) and the Europa League (formerly the UEFA Cup), following the Cup Winners' Cup amalgamation into the latter. The Intercontinental Cup was a competition for the winners of the European Cup (later, the UEFA Champions League) and the South American equivalent, the Copa Libertadores. Established in 1960, the Intercontinental Cup was jointly organised by UEFA and the Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol (CONMEBOL). It ran until 2004, when the FIFA Club World Cup, which includes the winners of all six confederations' regional championships replaced it.
History.
First steps in Europe – the Shankly years (1965–74).
Bill Shankly began managing Liverpool in 1959, and it was under him that the team first competed in European competition in 1964–65, qualifying for the European Cup by winning the First Division championship the previous season. The club's first opponents were Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur of Iceland, who they played in the preliminary round. Liverpool won 11–1 on aggregate. The next round, against Belgian club Anderlecht, was the first time in Liverpool's history that they wore their now common all-red strip. The decision was made to change from red shirts, white shorts and socks by Shankly, who wanted his players to make more of a psychological impact on opponents. They beat Anderlecht and progressed to the semi-finals, where they met Italian team Internazionale. Before the first leg at Anfield, Shankly asked two injured players to parade the FA Cup, which Liverpool had won the previous week, to intimidate the Italians. The team won the match 3–1, but Inter won the second leg 3–0, securing a 4–3 aggregate victory. The second leg was controversial; Shankly described it as "a war". He felt that the referee, Jose Maria Ortiz de Mendibel, had shown bias towards Internazionale, and the Liverpool players felt cheated by his decisions. The club's 1964–65 FA Cup victory ensured qualification for the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup the following season, and in that competition, they reached their first European final. Borussia Dortmund, Liverpool's opponents, employed counter-attacking tactics that had paid dividends in previous rounds and did so again, with the West Germans beating Liverpool 2–1 after extra time.
In the next four seasons, they competed in the European Cup and Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, but failed to progress past the third round in either competition. A tie against Dutch team Ajax during the 1966–67 European Cup was to prove pivotal in the history of Liverpool in European competition. Ajax beat Liverpool 7–3 on aggregate; however, the style of football that Ajax played – a patient passing game, inspired by Johann Cruyff – convinced Shankly that Liverpool had to replicate this style to be successful in Europe. Liverpool reached the semi-finals of the 1970–71 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, losing 1–0 on aggregate to Leeds United. They competed in the 1971–72 European Cup Winners' Cup, despite losing the 1971 FA Cup Final, as the FA Cup winners, Arsenal, had also qualified for the European Cup by winning the league championship. Liverpool were eliminated in the second round by Bayern Munich of Germany, losing 3–1 on aggregate.
The changes made to Liverpool's tactics came to fruition during the 1972–73 UEFA Cup. The club reached their second European final, where they faced Borussia Mönchengladbach of Germany. Liverpool won the first leg 3–0 as a result of two goals from Kevin Keegan and one from Larry Lloyd. Victory in this first leg meant Liverpool only needed to avoid losing by three or more goals in order to win the final. This influenced their tactics – "The Times" reported that Liverpool employed a "holding action" against the "attacking Germans". The tactics worked, allowing Mönchengladbach only two goals, granting Liverpool a 3–2 aggregate victory. Liverpool also won the First Division championship that season, and as a result qualified for the 1973–74 European Cup, where they were eliminated in the second round by Red Star Belgrade of Yugoslavia. At the end of that season, Shankly retired.
European domination – the Paisley years (1974–83).
Shankly was succeeded by his assistant, Bob Paisley, in 1974. Liverpool competed in the Cup Winners' Cup during Paisley's first season and defeated Strømsgodset of Norway 11–0 at Anfield. This remains the club's largest margin of victory in all matches. They lost in the next round to Hungarian side Ferencváros on the away goals rule. In 1975–76 the club entered the UEFA Cup after a second-place finish in the First Division. Victories over Hibernian (Scotland), Real Sociedad (Spain), Śląsk Wrocław (Poland), Dynamo Dresden (East Germany) and FC Barcelona (Spain) took Liverpool to their third European final. Crucial to their progress was goalkeeper Ray Clemence, who made two important penalty saves against Hibernian and Dresden, saving Liverpool from elimination on the away goals rule on both occasions. Their opponents in the final were Club Brugge of Belgium. Liverpool recovered from a two-goal deficit to win the first leg at Anfield 3–2, with Ray Kennedy, Jimmy Case, and Keegan scoring a goal each in a span of six minutes. A 1–1 draw at the Jan Breydel Stadion in Bruges meant Liverpool won 4–3 on aggregate, earning their second UEFA Cup.
As the 1975–76 league champions, the club entered the 1976–77 European Cup. They defeated Crusaders of Northern Ireland and Trabzonspor of Turkey to reach the quarter-finals, where they faced the runners-up from the previous season, Saint-Étienne. The French team won the first leg 1–0. The second leg at Anfield began well for Liverpool when Keegan scored in the first two minutes. Saint-Étienne equalised to make the score 2–1 on aggregate in their favour. Kennedy scored for Liverpool, but the away goals rule meant they still needed another goal to win the tie. With six minutes remaining, David Fairclough was brought on to replace John Toshack; he immediately scored in front of the Kop, ensuring a 3–2 aggregate victory for Liverpool. In the semi-finals, they defeated FC Zürich of Switzerland 6–1 on aggregate to reach the final, where they met their opponents from the 1973 UEFA Cup Final, Borussia Mönchengladbach. The final was held in Rome, four days after the club had lost the 1977 FA Cup Final to Manchester United. Before the match, Paisley announced that striker Toshack would be fit to start; however, he was not named in the matchday squad. This change upset the Germans' game plan and allowed Keegan to torment his marker, Berti Vogts. Liverpool won 3–1 to become European champions for the first time.
By winning the European Cup, they qualified for the European Super Cup and played the winners of the Cup Winners' Cup, German team Hamburg, who had just signed Keegan. Liverpool won the tie 7–1 on aggregate. Liverpool entered the 1977–78 European Cup as champions and received a bye in the first round. They defeated Dynamo Dresden and Portuguese team Benfica in the second round and quarter-finals, respectively. In the semi-final, the club again met Borussia Mönchengladbach, who won the first leg 2–1. Liverpool won the second leg 3–0, progressing to a second successive European Cup final, this time against Club Brugge at Wembley Stadium in London. In the final Kenny Dalglish, who had been signed to replace Keegan, scored the winning goal after receiving the ball from a Graeme Souness pass. The 1–0 victory meant Liverpool became the first British team to retain the European Cup. They faced Anderlecht in the 1978 European Super Cup, but failed to retain the trophy, losing 4–3 on aggregate against the Belgian side. Liverpool were eliminated in the first round of the 1978–79 European Cup by English champions Nottingham Forest. Nottingham Forest won the tie 2–0 on aggregate, and went on to win the competition. Liverpool entered the 1979–80 European Cup as English champions but were again eliminated in the first round, this time beaten 4–2 on aggregate by Dinamo Tbilisi of the Soviet Union.
Liverpool participated in the 1980–81 European Cup as English league champions, defeating Finnish champions Oulun Palloseura, Scottish club Aberdeen and CSKA Sofia of Bulgaria to qualify for the semi-finals, where they faced three-time champions Bayern Munich. The first leg at Anfield finished goalless. In the second leg at the Olympiastadion in Munich, Ray Kennedy scored in the 83rd minute and, although the German side equalised, Liverpool went through to the final on the away goals rule. They faced Spanish side Real Madrid in the final, held at the Parc des Princes in Paris. Alan Kennedy scored the only goal to give Liverpool a 1–0 victory, which secured the club's—and Paisley's—third European Cup. As champions of Europe, Liverpool competed in the Intercontinental Cup against South American champions Flamengo of Brazil. Liverpool lost the match 3–0. The club's defence of the European Cup in 1981–82 was ended by CSKA Sofia in the quarter-finals. Another quarter-final exit occurred in the 1982–83 European Cup when Polish club Widzew Łódź eliminated Liverpool 4–3 on aggregate. Paisley retired as manager at the end of the season and was succeeded by his assistant, Joe Fagan.
Triumph and tragedy – the Fagan years (1983–85).
Liverpool entered the 1983–84 European Cup as league champions for the fourth time in five seasons. Victories over Odense of Denmark and Spanish champions Athletic Bilbao brought Liverpool to face Portuguese champions Benfica in the quarter-finals. Liverpool won the first leg at Anfield 1–0. In the second leg, their tactic of withdrawing Dalglish into midfield put Benfica's game plan into disarray, leading to a 4–1 match victory and a 5–1 aggregate victory. Their opponents in the semi-finals were Dinamo Bucharest of Romania. The tie proved a brutal encounter, characterised by Souness breaking the jaw of the Bucharest captain Lică Movilă, and was won 3–1 on aggregate by Liverpool.
Fagan's first season in charge of Liverpool had been a successful one. When they reached their fourth European Cup final, they had already won the Football League Cup and the league championship; victory in the European final against Italian side Roma would complete an unprecedented treble. The final was played at Rome's Stadio Olimpico, and Liverpool went ahead in the 13th minute when Phil Neal scored, though Roma equalised towards the end of the first half. The score remained the same throughout full and extra time; Liverpool won the subsequent penalty shoot-out, with Alan Kennedy scoring the winning penalty after goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar had put off Francesco Graziani, causing him to place his penalty over the crossbar. After the game, gangs of Roma fans assaulted Liverpool supporters travelling back to their hotels. Success in the European Cup entitled Liverpool to compete in the 1984 Intercontinental Cup, however they were unable to beat the winners of the Copa Libertadores, Independiente of Argentina, who claimed a 1–0 victory.
Liverpool entered the 1984–85 European Cup as champions, and once again progressed to the final, where their opponents were Juventus of Italy. They aimed to win their fifth European Cup and keep the trophy. The 1985 European Cup Final was held at the Heysel Stadium in Brussels. The choice of venue had been criticised due to the dilapidated state of the stadium, and the club tried to persuade UEFA to change the venue. Before the kick-off, Liverpool fans breached a fence separating the two groups of supporters and charged the Juventus fans. The resulting weight of people caused a retaining wall to collapse, killing 39 people and injuring hundreds more. Despite calls for an abandonment, the match was played, as it was felt that further trouble would be caused otherwise.
Juventus won the match 1–0; Michel Platini scored from the penalty spot to give Juventus their first European Cup. UEFA laid the blame for the incident solely on the Liverpool fans: the official UEFA observer stated, "Only the English fans were responsible. Of that there is no doubt". Three days after the final, UEFA banned all English clubs from European competition for an indefinite period. Liverpool were initially given an additional three-year ban. Fagan retired after the 1984–85 season and was succeeded by Dalglish, who took over as player-manager.
The ban on English clubs in European competitions ultimately lasted for five years, and even when the ban was lifted in 1990, Liverpool were not re-admitted; they had to serve an extra year. The ban prevented them qualifying for the European Cup in 1986 (as league champions and FA Cup winners), the UEFA Cup in 1987 (as league runners-up), the European Cup in 1988 (as league champions), the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1989 (as FA Cup winners) and the European Cup in 1990 (as league champions).
Return to Europe (1991–2004).
Liverpool were allowed to return to European competition in the 1991–92 season, a year later than other English clubs. They qualified for the UEFA Cup as runners-up in the English league. Their manager by this stage was Graeme Souness, who had taken over towards the end of the previous season following Dalglish's resignation.
Their first match, in the UEFA Cup, was against Finnish side Kuusyi Lahti, which they won 6–1. A 6–2 aggregate victory set up a tie against Auxerre of France in the second round who they beat 3–2 on aggregate. The club defeated Swarovski Tirol of Austria in the third round 6–0 on aggregate before losing to Genoa (Italy) 4–1 over two legs in the quarter finals.
Liverpool's victory over Sunderland in the 1992 FA Cup Final qualified them for the 1992–93 European Cup Winners' Cup, but this campaign was short-lived, as they were eliminated in the second round by Russian side Spartak Moscow. Liverpool finished no higher than sixth in the Premier League during the next two seasons, thus failing to qualify for European competition. In the 1995–96 season, they entered the UEFA Cup, but again progressed no further than the second round, this time losing to Brøndby of Denmark.
As runners-up to League champions Manchester United in the 1996 FA Cup Final, Liverpool were able to compete in the 1996–97 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. This proved the club's most successful campaign since their return to European competition, as they reached the semi-finals, where they were eliminated 3–2 on aggregate by French team Paris Saint–Germain. In the next two seasons, Liverpool played in the UEFA Cup but were eliminated at an early stage of the competition, by Strasbourg of France and Spanish side Celta de Vigo, respectively. A seventh-place finish in the 1998–99 FA Premier League meant the club did not qualify for Europe in 1999–2000.
Having finished fourth in the 1999–2000 FA Premier League, Liverpool qualified for the 2000–01 UEFA Cup. Their victory in this competition marked a record-equalling third win for a club. The entire season was the club's most successful since the 1983–84 season, as they won a cup treble consisting of the UEFA Cup, the FA Cup and the League Cup. Their opponents in the final in Dortmund were Deportivo Alavés of Spain. The match was tied at 4–4 in extra time when Alavés defender Delfí Geli scored an own goal to give Liverpool victory on the golden goal rule. The performance of Gary McAllister, whose free-kick resulted in the winning goal, was praised as "outstanding" by Trevor Brooking. This was the club's first European trophy since their European Cup victory in 1984. As UEFA Cup winners, Liverpool played in the 2001 UEFA Super Cup against Champions League winners Bayern Munich and won 3–2.
In the 2001–02 season, Liverpool returned to the European Cup, now called the UEFA Champions League, for the first time since the Heysel disaster. A 2–0 victory over Roma in the second group stage meant they progressed to the quarter-finals. They faced German club Bayer Leverkusen and won the first leg 1–0. The outlook for the second leg appeared to be to Liverpool's advantage, as their counter-attacking style of play had served them well during away matches throughout the season; however, they lost the second leg 4–2 and were eliminated 4–3 on aggregate.
A second-place finish in the 2001–02 FA Premier League entitled Liverpool to participate in the Champions League for a second successive season, but they only finished third in their group and were eliminated from the competition. The third-place finish meant they entered the 2002–03 UEFA Cup. Liverpool beat Dutch team Vitesse Arnhem and Auxerre to set up an all-British tie with Scottish team Celtic. A 1–1 draw in the first leg meant Liverpool would progress to the semi-finals if they did not concede a goal in the second leg at Anfield. However, Celtic scored before half-time and again in the second half to win 3–1 on aggregate.
Liverpool entered the UEFA Cup for the 2003–04 season, after Chelsea beat them on the final day of the previous league season to claim the fourth place needed to qualify for the Champions League. Liverpool were eliminated in the fourth round by eventual runners-up Marseille of France. At the end of the season, manager Gérard Houllier was replaced by Rafael Benítez.
Renewed European success – the Benítez years (2004–10).
Liverpool had finished fourth in the 2003–04 season, which qualified them to compete in the Champions League in the 2004–05 season. A poor start in the group stages, with two losses in their first five games, had the club facing elimination; however, a 3–1 victory over Greek side Olympiacos eventually ensured their passage to the knock-out rounds. Liverpool beat Bayer Leverkusen and Juventus to reach the semi-finals, and progressed to the final after they beat Chelsea 1–0 on aggregate; the goal scored by Luis García was referred to as a "ghost goal" by Chelsea manager José Mourinho, as it was unclear whether the ball crossed the goal line. Liverpool's performances in Europe contrasted strongly with their league form, where they struggled to finish in the top-four and thus ensure qualification for the next Champions League season.
Liverpool faced six-time European champions Milan in the final at the Atatürk Stadium in Istanbul on 25 May 2005. Trailing 3–0 at half-time, they scored three goals in a six-minute spell in the second half to level the score at 3–3. There were no goals during extra time, so the match was decided by a penalty shoot-out. With the shoot-out score at 3–2, Liverpool goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek saved Andriy Shevchenko's penalty to give Liverpool victory. The nature of Liverpool's comeback victory has led to the match being referred to as the "miracle of Istanbul." As this was the club's fifth European Cup victory, Liverpool were allowed to keep the European Champion Clubs' Cup permanently, and a new trophy was commissioned for the following year's competition. The victory also entitled Liverpool to compete in the 2005 UEFA Super Cup at Stade Louis II, Monaco in August. They defeated UEFA Cup winners CSKA Moscow of Russia 3–1 to win their third Super Cup. Their success in the Champions League meant Liverpool also qualified for the 2005 FIFA Club World Championship, where they lost 1–0 in the final to Brazilian team São Paulo.
A fifth-place finish in the Premier League in 2004–05 meant Liverpool were not guaranteed entry into the Champions League, and faced the prospect of not being able to defend their European title. UEFA eventually ruled that they would be allowed to do so, but would be required to start in the first qualifying round, with no country protection, meaning they could face a team from England in the group stages. This turned out to be the case—Liverpool advanced through three qualifying rounds and were drawn with Chelsea in the group stages. They progressed from their group as winners but were beaten by Benfica in the first knock-out round.
In the 2006–07 UEFA Champions League, Liverpool progressed from the group stages and beat holders Barcelona, Dutch team PSV Eindhoven and Chelsea to face Milan in a rematch of the 2005 final. The Liverpool team, which contained only five players from the 2005 final, enjoyed more possession than in 2005, but two goals from Filippo Inzaghi gave Milan their seventh European Cup in a 2–1 win.
Liverpool were eliminated from the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League in the semi-finals by Chelsea, who they had beaten in the semi-finals in 2005 and 2007. A fourth-place finish in the 2007–08 Premier League secured their entry into the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League. Liverpool reached the quarter-finals and again faced Chelsea, but lost 7–5 on aggregate.
A second-place finish in the 2008–09 Premier League entitled Liverpool to compete in the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League, but their campaign was short-lived; they finished third in their group, and were eliminated from the competition. They entered the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League, progressing to the semi-finals, where they were eliminated by eventual winners Atlético Madrid of Spain on the away goals rule after the tie finished 2–2 on aggregate.
2010 – Present.
Benítez left the club at the end of the 2009–10 season and was replaced by Roy Hodgson. A seventh-place finish in the 2009–10 Premier League meant Liverpool would be competing in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League. They beat Rabotnički (Macedonia) and Trabzonspor (Turkey) to progress to the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League group stage, where Liverpool were drawn alongside Italian club Napoli, Dutch team Utrecht and Romanian team Steaua Bucureşti. They won two games and drew four to finish top of their group with 10 points and progress to the round of 32. They were drawn against Czech club Sparta Prague in the next round. Before the tie was played, Hodgson was replaced by former manager Kenny Dalglish, who initially served as a caretaker manager. A 1–0 aggregate victory ensured progression to the round of 16, in which Liverpool lost 1–0 on aggregate to eventual runners-up Braga of Portugal. A sixth-place finish in the 2010–11 Premier League meant the club failed to qualify for European competition for the first time since 1999, but victory in the 2012 Football League Cup Final ensured Liverpool a place in the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
Liverpool qualified for the Knockout phase of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League after winning their group at the group stage, but were eliminated from the competition at the round of 32 by Zenit Saint Petersburg on the away goals rule after a 0-2 loss away and a 3-1 win at home.
Finishing seventh in 2012–13 Premier League and not winning any of the domestic trophies meant that Liverpool failed to qualify for any European competition in 2013–14. Having finished second in 2013-14 Premier League Liverpool returned to European football for the 2014-15 UEFA Champions League
Records.
By season.
Key
Key to colours:

</doc>
<doc id="9650915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650915" title="Cadomin">
Cadomin

Cadomin is a hamlet in the west-central Alberta, Canada within Yellowhead County. It is located along the McLeod River in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, approximately south of Hinton near the Bighorn Highway. It is served by a spur of the Canadian National Railway.
Statistics Canada recognizes Cadomin as a designated place. It is located in census division No. 14 and in the riding of Yellowhead. It is administered by Yellowhead County.
History.
Cadomin's name is an acronym for 'Canadian Dominion Mining', and the town gives its name to the Cadomin Formation, which forms a prominent outcrop near the settlement.
Cadomin is one of many towns in the Alberta Coal Branch area that thrived from the 1920s to the 1950s. During the early 1930s, Cadomin's population peaked at 1,800. Other Coal Branch towns included Mountain Park, Luscar, Mercoal, and farther to the east, Robb, Embarras, Coalspur, Coal Valley, Lovett, and Foothills.
Mining.
The Cadomin Coal Company began operations in 1917 and four underground mines were eventually developed, as well as a surface mine that operated from 1944 to 1950. The main coal seam, called the No. 1 Seam, averaged in thicknesses. The strata in the area are strongly folded and faulted, and the seam is strongly inclined to overturned, so a variety of methods were employed to work it. The coal was sold primarily as steam coal for railroad use, and the Cadomin coal mines closed in 1952 due to declining markets as the railroads replaced steam locomotives with diesel. 
Cadomin Quarry, operated by the Lehigh Cement Company (formerly Inland Cement), continues to employ a small number of local residents.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Cadomin had a population of 36 living in 22 of its 96 total dwellings, a -35.7% change from its 2006 population of 56. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Cadomin had a total population of 56 living in 30 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .
Attractions.
Cadomin Cave, located several kilometres to the south, attracts a number of tourists during the summer months, although it remains undeveloped.
In the area around Cadomin, there are extensive trails for horse back riding, all terrain vehicles and dirt biking. Mountain biking is becoming increasingly popular as well.
The scientific and naturalist communities spend a great deal of time studying the extensive wildlife including Bighorn Sheep, Grizzly Bears, Moose, Elk, and other mountain species.
The fall provides numerous big game hunting opportunities for deer, moose and bighorn sheep.

</doc>
<doc id="9650926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650926" title="Winter (2009 film)">
Winter (2009 film)

Winter is a Malayalam slasher-horror-thriller film starring Jayaram, Bhavana released in the year 2009. It was directed by Dipu Karunakaran and produced by K. Radhakrishnan. The music is scored by Raj Krishnan. Later the film was Dubbed into Tamil as "Bhayam Bhayam" released in 2012
Plot.
Jayaram and Bhavana takes the lead roles as Dr. Ramdas and his wife in the film. Dr. Ramdas is leading medical practitioner in Hyderabad. Fed up with the fast-paced city life, Ramdas and his wife decide to move to a quiet bungalow on the outskirts of the city. Dr. Ramdas, his wife and their two kids are thrilled with the move to a bigger house. Their excitement is short-lived, though. What they encountered there and how it affected their lives in portrayed in the movie. There are some scary stories read out by the villagers to them. Dr Ramdas and his wife get scared and his wife asks to move from that scary house but ramdas don't believe them very much. Their children gets trapped in the hands of a child-eater. the child-eater eats kids, children and poor babies etc. Mrs Ramdas gets scared and calls the police to see a dead man found in another house. The children were thrilled but gets frightened later. After the child-eater's death they starts to live in the same house which follows another scary person who is going to be scarier than the older one. The movie was another mega flop from the director Dipu Karunakaran

</doc>
<doc id="9650929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650929" title="Saint Praxedis (painting)">
Saint Praxedis (painting)

Saint Praxedis is an oil painting attributed to Johannes Vermeer. This attribution has often been questioned. However in 2014 the auction house Christie's announced the results of new investigations which in their opinion demonstrate conclusively that it is a Vermeer. The painting is a copy of a work by Felice Ficherelli, and depicts the early Roman martyr, Saint Praxedis or Praxedes. It may be Vermeer's earliest surviving work, dating from 1655. It is due to be auctioned at Christie's in London in July 2014 on behalf of the Barbara Piasecka Johnson Collection Foundation.
Description and date.
The painting shows the saint squeezing a martyr's blood from a sponge into an ornate vessel. It is closely related to a work by Ficherelli from 1640–45, now in the Collection Fergmani in Ferrara, and is generally assumed to be a copy of it (though see below for an alternative interpretation). The most obvious difference between the two is that there is no crucifix in the Ferrara work. It is Vermeer's only known close copy of another work.
This is one of only four dated Vermeer paintings, the others being The Procuress (1656), The Astronomer (1668) and The Geographer (1669). Vermeer's two early history paintings, Christ in the House of Martha and Mary and Diana and Her Companions, are dated by almost all art historians to 1654-6, although opinions differ as to which is earlier.
Provenance.
The painting's provenance before the mid-twentieth century is unknown. The collector Jacob Reder bought it at a minor auction house in New York in 1943. It first received significant attention as a possible Vermeer when being shown as a part an exhibition of Florentine Baroque art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 1969. The exhibition catalogue draw attention to the signature "Meer 1655" and Michael Kitson, reviewing the exhibition, suggested it could be a genuine Vermeer on the basis of stylistic similarities to "Diana and Her Companions". Following Reder's death (also in 1969) it was bought by the art dealer Spencer A. Samuels, who also believed it to be a Vermeer. The Barbara Piasecka Johnson Collection Foundation bought it from Spencer in 1987. The leading Vermeer scholar Arthur Wheelock subsequently argued the case for the attribution to Vermeer in an article devoted to it in 1986.
The painting was not included in the exhibition "The Young Vermeer" held in The Hague, Dresden and Edinburgh in 2010-11. However it was included in an exhibition of Vermeer's work held in Rome in 2012–13, curated by Wheelock, Liedtke and Sandrina Bandera.
Debates over attribution.
The painting may have two signatures. The more obvious of the two reads "Meer 1655", while the second appears as "Meer N R o o". It is possible that this second signature originally read "Meer naar Riposo", or "Vermeer after Riposo": Riposo was Ficherelli's nickname. The Doerner Institute's examination of the signatures concluded that both signatures were original and composed of pigments typical of the painting. Wheelock's examination also led him to conclude that both signatures were original, and recent technical examination have demonstrated that the clearer signature is likely to be have been added at, or close to, the date the painting was created. However these new investigations agreed with the earlier opinion of the conservator Jørgen Wadum that the possible second signature is too indistinct to be deciphered.
Analysis of the lead white, performed by the Rijksmuseum, in association with the Free University, Amsterdam used in the painting demonstrates a Dutch or Flemish origin, with a strong possibility that the pigment came from the same batch used for Vermeer's "Diana and Her Companions". The use of a chalk ground is also typically Dutch, and there is an unusually extensive use of ultramarine, typical of Vermeer's later work, though not of "Diana and her Companions" or "Christ in the House of Martha and Mary". Wheelock identifies stylistic similarities with two history paintings which are universally attributed to Vermeer. He also notes similarities between the depiction of the saint's face and the figure in Vermeer's A Girl Asleep and argues that the painter's conversion to Catholicism would have given him an interest in the subject matter. Although it is thought unlikely that the Ferrera painting ever left Italy, or that Vermeer visited Italy, Wheelock points out that he had a reputation as an authority on Italian art. It is possible that another version or copy of the Ferrara painting was the model for Vermeer's work.
In his 1998, Wadum argued that the painting was not a copy of the work in Ferrara, or indeed of any other work, because the background elements were painted before the foreground, as is typical of an original work rather than a copy. In 2014 Christie's put forward the argument that this could be explained as experimentation by Vermeer, the young artist trying to recreate and adapt the technique used to create the original. 

</doc>
<doc id="9650959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650959" title="Joe Spencer (Hollyoaks)">
Joe Spencer (Hollyoaks)

Joseph "Joe" Spencer is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Matt Milburn. He debuted on-screen during episodes airing in 2003 and left in 2006 after his character was axed by Bryan Kirkwood.
Storylines.
Joe arrived as a young fresher in Hollyoaks studying fashion and got himself in a bit of a bother with roommate Robbie Flynn (Andy Newton-Lee), after the pair had a falling out over room sharing. Joe certainly had his share of attention and was fleetingly labelled as gay. This brought a few admirers like Nick O'Connor (Darren Bransford), after he too thought Joe was gay.
But to prove he was not gay, Joe began dating Jodie Nash (Kate McEnery) after the pair met on a dating spree contest. However it wasn't too last for too long as Joe moved on to his next relationship, this time with Sophie Burton (Connie Powney). The pair seemed like love's young dream couple, but Joe felt the strain after he thought Sophie became too pushy in the relationship after introducing Joe to her mother Liz Burton (Andrée Bernard). Soon after, Sophie ended the relationship with Joe after learning that he was going to dump her. Joe soon built up a good friendship relations with Dannii Carbone (Christina Baily), Russ Owen (Stuart Manning) and Jeremy Peterson (Simon Cole). He also revealed that he had a rocky relationship with his alcoholic father, a police officer, who was abusive towards Joe's mother. He was also smitten with ice-queen Louise Summers (Roxanne McKee), despite the fact she has shown no interest in him.
Despite being a cheeky chap, Joe's confidence was to take a huge blow after he was beaten up by a bunch of teenage school girls. With the support of Russ and Danni, Joe was able to recover from his trauma. Joe began to concentrate on his fashion degree, however things got from bad to worse for Joe. He managed to run up in massive debts after his dealing for supplying jackets collapsed. Joe became desperate and took out a credit card in best mate Jeremy's name. Jez was oblivious to this and also bought him a laptop after Joe claimed his was stolen. Although he and Dannii were forced to leave the student flat they shared with Zara Morgan (Kelly Greenwood) and Jez to make room for Jessica Harris (Jennifer Biddall) and Olivia Johnson (Rochelle Gadd), it appeared that he moved back into the flat after Zara Mark Jury (Ash Newman) moved out. 
Meanwhile Joe's debt deepened and soon it resulted in loan sharks chasing Joe, which led to Joe faking his own death in order to get he's loan sharks off his back. The whole debt saga cost Joe dearly as he was unable to take his exams as the college records had him down as "deceased" and had to resit his final year. Before college restarted in September 2006 he found out he, Olivia, and Jessica had to move out to make room for new students. Joe recognised the name of one of the students as Zoe Carpenter (Zoe Lister), a girl he used to date in high school, but he dumped her because she was fat but realised that it was his big mistake and tried to convince her to take him back.
Joe tried to stay in the flat with Jessica and Olivia by telling the new students that they were their live-in student mentors, but the students saw through their plans. Joe tried to bribe the students with drinks but with no success. Joe made it up to Zoe by telling her he regretted dumping her in high school and then they went to The Dog in The Pond together with Kris Fisher (Gerard McCarthy), Jessica, and Olivia. That night escaped rapist Sam Owen (Louis Tamone) burst into the pub and set it on fire. Joe had theorised that the only safe way out would be through the basement. After successfully getting Kris and Zoe out, he went back for Olivia, who had been pinned under a beam just behind the bar. Before Joe left he told Zoe that he already lost her once, and he wasn't going to again. Upon finding Olivia, Joe freed her, but the bottles of alcohol behind the bar exploded, killing both of them. Zoe tried to ring Joe's phone and heard his ring tone; she and Kris followed it, with Kris remarking that "People like Joe are born lucky". Seconds later, they found it coming from a group of body bags. Joe died a hero, trying to save Olivia.

</doc>
<doc id="9650978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650978" title="Akhchipsou">
Akhchipsou

The Ahchipsou was a Sadz (Abkhaz-Abazin) tribe, lived on Caucasus Major, near the modern border of Krasnodar Krai and Abkhazia. They lived at the upper Mzymta, and its inflow Achipse, modern Krasnaya Polyana, Adlersky City District, Sochi, Russia. Ahchipsou dominated by the clan of Kazılbeg Azaguyipa.
The Ahchipsou was conquered in May, 1864, showing the last resistance during Russian-Circassian War. After the war they resettled into the Ottoman Empire (see Muhajirism).

</doc>
<doc id="9650980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650980" title="Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College">
Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College

The Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College (BTESSC) is the arm of theological education under the Senate of Serampore College (University). BTESSC was formed in 1975.
The Senate of Serampore College (University) under which the BTESSC was constituted is a University within the meaning of Section 2 (f) "(as modified up to 20 December 1985)".
In fact, Serampore was the first institution to be given the status of a university in India.
The current President of the BTESSC is Rev. Dr John S. Sadananda.
The BTESSC is one of the major representative bodies of churches legally constituted and responsible for administering theological education in South Asia
Membership.
The BTESSC is a participating member in the World Conference of Associations of Theological Institutions
History.
Serampore was the only means of validating theological training in India until 1978. The Union Biblical Seminary, Poona was constituted in 1953 as an evangelical theological college at B.Th. and B.D. levels. It was accredited by the Board of Theological Education of the National Council of Churches in India in 1964 which was formed in 1955 to bring together the unaffiliated Bible schools and seminaries. UBS was affiliated to Serampore in 1973 at B.D. level. After a series of joint consultations with Serampore, the Board of Theological Education of NCCI decided in favour of the formation of one national structure for Theological Education in India. When Serampore accepted the proposal, a joint structure was formed in July 1975 as the Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College.
Its functions.
The functions of the Board as given in the Constitution of the BTESSC (revised and adopted on 3–4 February 1994 portray its mandatory role in the promotion of theological education in the country, "viz.",
In matters of theological education, the BTESSC acts as an "advisory body" of the Senate of Serampore College (University) and the Senate is its voice.

</doc>
<doc id="9650982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650982" title="Spanish missions in Florida">
Spanish missions in Florida

Beginning in the second half of the 16th century, the Kingdom of Spain established a number of missions throughout "la Florida" in order to convert the Indians to Christianity, to facilitate control of the area, and to prevent its colonization by other countries, in particular, England and France. Spanish Florida originally included much of what is now the Southeastern United States, although Spain never exercised long-term effective control over more than the northern part of what is now the State of Florida from present-day St. Augustine to the area around Tallahassee, southeastern Georgia, and some coastal settlements, such as Pensacola, Florida. A few short-lived missions were established in other locations, including Mission Santa Elena in present day South Carolina, around the Florida peninsula, and in the interior of Georgia and Alabama.
The missions of what are now northern Florida and southeastern Georgia were divided into main four provinces where the bulk of missionary effort took place. These were Apalachee, comprising the eastern part of the what is now the Florida Panhandle; Timucua, ranging from the St. Johns River west to the Suwanee; Mocama, the coastal areas east of the St. Johns running north to the Altamaha River; and Guale, north of the Altamaha River along the coast to the present-day Georgia Sea Islands. These provinces roughly corresponded to the areas where those dialects were spoken among the varying Native American peoples, thus, they reflected the territories of the peoples. Missionary provinces were relatively fluid and evolved over the years according to demographic and political trends, and at various times smaller provinces were established, abandoned, or merged with larger ones. There were also ephemeral attempts to establish missions elsewhere, particularly further south into Florida.
History.
The priests and religious that traveled with the early conquistadors not withstanding, the 1549 expedition of Father Luis de Cancer and three other Dominicans to Tampa Bay was the first solely missionary effort attempted in "la Florida". It ended in failure after six weeks with de Cancer's brutal martyrdom at the hands of the Tocobaga natives, which sent shock waves through the Dominican missionary community in New Spain for many years.
The first Spanish missions to the Indians of Florida, starting with the foundation of St. Augustine in 1565, were attached to presidios. Between 1565 and 1567 ten presidios were established at major harbors from Port Royal Sound to Tampa Bay to prevent other European powers from establishing bases in the area. Most of the presidios were unsustainable. San Mateo was destroyed by the French, the entire garrison at Tocobago was wiped out, and most of the other presidios were abandoned because of the hostility of the local Indians and the difficulty of providing supplies. By 1573 the only remaining presidios in Florida were St. Augustine and Santa Elena, and Santa Elena was abandoned (for a second time) in 1587.
The missions at the presidios were staffed by the Jesuits. Due to the hostility of the Indians, which resulted in the murder of several of the missionaries, the Jesuits withdrew from the mission field in la Florida in 1572. Franciscan friars entered into la Florida in 1573, but at first confined their activities to the immediate vicinity of St. Augustine. The Franciscans began taking their mission to the Guale and Timucua Indians along the Atlantic coast in 1587. Starting in 1606 the Franciscans expanded their mission efforts westward across Timucua territory, and by 1633 had established missions in Apalachee Province. The mission system functioned throughout the 17th century, but collapsed at the beginning of the 18th century after raids by English soldiers from the Province of Carolina and their Indian allies had depopulated all provinces. 
The network of missions took its heaviest blow with Carolina Governor James Moore's raids into the area during Queen Anne's War. Most of the Spanish missions in the Apalachee Province were wiped out during the Apalachee massacre.
Architecture.
The mission buildings of la Florida were built with posts set into the ground. The walls were palmetto thatch, wattle and daub or plank, or left open. The floors were clay, and scholars believe the roofs were thatched. The church buildings in the missions averaged some 20 m by 11 m. Other buildings situated within a palisade included a "convento" to house the missionaries, a barracks for the soldiers, and often a separate kitchen.
Provinces.
The Spanish used the term "province" for the territory of a tribe or chiefdom. There was no fixed definition of province boundaries. As tribes and chiefdoms lost population and importance, the provinces associated with them would no longer appear in the records. Other provinces expanded to take in their territories. Most of the people taken into the mission system were Timucua speakers. Three major groups that spoke other languages were also taken into the mission system. The Guale Province was the territory the Guale, and covered what is now coastal Georgia and the Sea Islands north of the Altamaha River. The Guale were among the first people to be taken into the mission system, in the 1580s. Later in the 17th century, Guale Province was sometimes referred to as extending southward and including the region otherwise known as Mocama. The Apalachee Province included the Apalachee people, who spoke a Muskogean language, and were brought into the mission system in the 1630s. It occupied the easternmost part of what is now the Florida Panhandle, along the Gulf of Mexico coast from the Aucilla River to the Ochlockonee River. The Spanish established one early mission among the Mayaca people, a non-Timucuan speaking tribe south of the Agua Fresca, and resumed efforts among them, and their relatives, the Jororo, in the late 17th century. This district, which became known as the Mayaca-Jororo Province, occupied an area to the south of Lake George, on the upper (southern) St. Johns River.
The Timucua-speakers, most of whom were brought into the mission system in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, were initially seen by the Spanish as living in a dozen or so provinces, with the Acuera, Ibi, Mocama, Potano, Timucua (in its restricted sense, north of the Santa Fe River, and east of the Suwannee River), Utina, Yufera, and Yustaga provinces becoming major components of the mission system. During the 17th century, as Timucuan populations declined and the locations of Spanish missions were consolidated along the road between St. Augustine and Apalachee, most of these provinces were gradually consolidated in Spanish usage into a Timucua Province stretching from the Atlantic Ocean to the Aucilla River.
The Mocama Province included the coastal areas of southeastern Georgia and northern Florida from St. Simons Island south to St. Augustine, extending westward to approximately the distance of the St. Johns River in Florida. It included some of the earliest missions to be established, and served the Mocama, a Timucuan-speaking group of the coastal areas. Important missions established in the Mocama Province were San Juan del Puerto, among the Saturiwa chiefdom, and San Pedro de Mocama, among the Tacatacuru.
The Timucua Province was initially established to serve the people known to the Spanish as the "Timucua" (called the Northern Utina by modern scholars), who spoke the "Timucua proper" dialect. Eventually, however, it absorbed several other Timucua-speaking provinces and became the largest of all the Florida mission districts. Following shortly after the success of the Mocama missions, the Spanish established missions among the Agua Fresca (Eastern Utina or Freshwater Timucua) along the middle St. Johns River, from roughly present-day Palatka south to Lake George. Similarly, the missions among the Potano, centered around what is now Gainesville, were considered part of the Potano Province, while missions to the Acuera, who lived around the Ocklawaha River, were part of the Acuera Province. Most of these areas were eventually considered part of the larger Timucua Province, in some cases because native populations had declined to the point that they could no longer support multiple missions. (The missions in Acuera Province were abandoned after the Timucua rebellion of 1656, although non-Christian Acueras continued to live there for another 40 years.) At this stage the Timucua Province included the area between the St. Johns and Suwanee rivers. Later, the Yustaga Province, which served the Yustaga who lived to the east of the Suwanee as far as the Aucilla River, was added, and the Timucua province covered the majority of north central Florida. The coastal area south of the Mocama Province and St. Augustine was known as "La Costa"; though this area had some Timucua speakers, it did not see much missionary activity, perhaps because it was less densely populated. There were also a few missions established to the north and west of the Apalachee Province. 

</doc>
<doc id="9650991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650991" title="Powder Day">
Powder Day

Powder Day or Day of the Powder, () is celebrated in the southern Spanish village of Tolox on Shrove Tuesday, the final day of the annual Tolox carnival. This local tradition involves the throwing of talcum powder at one another. 
One reason given for the custom is that it takes place the day before Ash Wednesday on which the priest declares to the faithful "Remember, man, that you are dust, and unto dust you shall return”.
A more likely origin of the tradition is said to have its roots in a Christian/Moorish riot in the 16th century when Tolox, then under Christian control, had a large Moorish population. During Christmas of 1539 there was civil strife between the predominantly Moorish peasants and the Christian landholders. One chronicler states that this custom originated in a dispute between a Moorish and a Christian girl who were in love with the same man. Both worked in a bakery and as the argument grew more heated, they ended up throwing all the flour they could find at each other. 
In years gone by, the custom evolved that young men wanting to request their girlfriends’ hand in marriage would throw flour at them. Girls not wishing be subjected to this, would refrain from going out on the streets, forcing the boys to come up with ingenious ways to powder their target. The young men would dust their hands with flour and try to enter a young girls house and smother their faces with flour. If doors and windows were closed, it meant they were not desired by the girl. If the lad was still keen, he had to smartly outwit her by climbing to the roof or breaking windows and doors to get her smeared with the flour, thus winning her heart in a symbolic way, or simply to impress her. 
Nowadays this tradition especially appeals to the young people who hurl talcum powder instead of flour at each other, without preference or distinction as to gender or origin, until they are completely covered with it. Many outsiders come to Tolox to take part in this peculiar fiesta. Up to 3,000 kilogram have been known to be thrown in the village.
A similar custom takes place in Alozaina, in which hundreds of people celebrate the “hariná”, in remembrance of the times when their ancestors covered young women with wheat flour from the mills to show their love.

</doc>
<doc id="9650994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9650994" title="Loose Ends (Jimi Hendrix album)">
Loose Ends (Jimi Hendrix album)

Loose Ends is a posthumous seventh studio album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix, released in February 1974 in the United Kingdom. It was the fourth and last Hendrix studio album released after his death by manager Michael Jeffery. The album features a collection of outtakes and jams, with the exception of "The Stars That Play with Laughing Sam's Dice" which is the sole authorized track by Hendrix, in a new stereo mix by Eddie Kramer. 
The album was engineered, mixed and compiled by John Jansen, who is listed on the record's sleeve as "Alex Trevor" because he did not wish his name to be on the LP's credits. Additional engineering was provided by Eddie Kramer, Dave Palmer, Kim King, Gary Kellgren, Jack Adams, Tom Flye and Jim Robinson. 
Reprise Records (Jimi Hendrix' label at the time), declined to issue this album in the US & Canada as they considered the material below standard. All the tracks on this LP have been subsequently re-released on other official albums, in some form, except "Blue Suede Shoes". The UK, French and Japanese pressings all had different covers. 
This release was also repackaged in 1983 under the name "The Jimi Hendrix Album" on LP & cassette (Contour Records, UK).

</doc>
<doc id="9651005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651005" title="Walbottle">
Walbottle

Walbottle is a village in Tyne and Wear. It is a western suburb of Newcastle upon Tyne. The village name, recorded in 1176 as "Walbotl", is derived from the Old English "botl" (building) on Hadrian's Wall. There are a number of Northumbrian villages which are suffixed "-bottle".
Bede, in his "Ecclesiastical History of the English People", refers to a royal estate called "Ad Murum" near the Roman Wall where, in 653 AD, the King of the Middle Angles, Peada, and the King of the East Saxons, Sigeberht, were both baptised into the Christian faith by Bishop Finan, having been persuaded to do so by King Oswy of Northumbria. Historians have identified "Ad Murum" with Walbottle.
Ann Potter, the mother of Lord Armstrong, the famous industrialist, was born at Walbottle Hall in 1780 and lived there until 1801.

</doc>
<doc id="9651018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651018" title="Bexar, Alabama">
Bexar, Alabama

Bexar, Alabama is a rural, mostly agricultural community in extreme west Marion County, Alabama, about 3 miles from the Alabama - Mississippi state line.
Origins.
The community was founded around 1830 and named for the Mission (then known as San Antonio de Béxar) which was the location of the Battle of the Alamo, scene of one of the bloodiest battles fought on North American soil. Bexar first appeared on the Alabama state map in 1853. The major road through Bexar was U.S. Hwy 78, connecting Birmingham and Memphis, Tennessee. However, the road was improved and rerouted about 1 mile north of Bexar in the 1960s. All that remains today in Bexar are homes, a few churches and the vacant buildings that once housed the post office and general store.
Postal service.
The Bexar post office was established August 12, 1843, making it the oldest post office in Marion County. Richmon Pearce Goggans served the longest of any postmaster here, from 1905 until 1953. Postal service was discontinued on February 15, 1974. Mrs. Willie Lou Lochridge served as the last Postmaster from May 1971 till the end. The local community rallied around the post office in an attempt to thwart the end of postal service but were not successful. At the time the post office was closed, it had a modern building for the times, having been built in 1962. Former postmaster Pearce Goggans was the guest of honor at the dedication of the new post office, and U.S. Rep. Carl Elliott gave a speech. The Bexar post office served a large area of Western Alabama and Eastern Mississippi. The old Bexar rural delivery area is now served by the post offices in Detroit, Vina, Hamilton (all in Alabama) and Tremont, Mississippi. The ZIP code assigned to the Bexar post office was 35547.
Schools.
Bexar has been the home of two secondary schools. Gravel Springs Junior High School (home of the Golden Tigers) was established in 1907 and educated the children of the surrounding countryside until 1985. It was the last "country school" in Marion County. Gravel Springs "graduated" sophomore students to Hamilton High School up until the 1950s. At the time it was closed it only served to 8th grade. There have been three Gravel Springs Junior High School buildings. The last one was dedicated in 1947 and still stands. The school grounds are owned by a local family and serve as a gathering place each Christmas and Decoration Day for the family. After the school was closed, the buyers utilized two of the class rooms on the southern end of the school to manufacture horse trailers for a few years and thus the exterior wall was knocked out. Other than that, the building looks much the way it did when it was closed in 1985, both on the exterior and interior. The other school that served the Bexar community over the years was known as Ada Hannar High School. It was established in 1921 as the Marion County Training School and then the Rosenwald School. The first teachers at the school were Professor G.H. Hannar and his wife, Ada—hence the name of the school. The Marion County Board of Education gave permission for a new school to be built to replace the outdated Rosenwald School building and on September 19, 1965, the Ada Hannar High School was dedicated. However, in 1967, with desegregation, the AHHS began phasing out grades. The students were transferred to Hamilton with the school being shut down completely at the end of the 1969 school year. The building was used as a place for local children to play basketball in the school gym for a few years, then was used as a manufacturing plant. It has since fallen into severe disrepair after a fire gutted most of the school building. The remnants of the school are still standing, though they are very overgrown with weeds and trees.
References.
Photographs of Gravel Springs and Bexar, 2006
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/auvet/sets/72157594443567949/]

</doc>
<doc id="9651031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651031" title="Arno H. Denecke">
Arno H. Denecke

Arno H. Denecke (May 7, 1916 – October 20, 1993) was an American jurist born in Illinois. He served on the Oregon Supreme Court from 1963 to 1982, and as the 37th Chief Justice of the court from 1976 until leaving the bench. The World War II veteran retired from the United States Army at the rank of colonel in 1974.
Early life.
Denecke was born May 7, 1916, in Rock Island, Illinois. This small city lies on the border of Iowa. In 1939, he graduated from the University of Illinois College of Law with his law degree. He then went to work with Chicago based Montgomery Wards from 1939 to 1941 in both Chicago and Oakland, California.
Then with the outbreak of World War II, Denecke joined the Army and served with the 70th Infantry Division from 1941 to 1945. After the war he served in the Army Reserve. He retired as a colonel after 28 years in 1974. In 1945, Arno was married to Selma Jane Rocky, of Portland, Oregon. They had five children, Ginger, David, Will, John, and Anne.
Legal career.
After the war, Denecke moved to Portland, Oregon and joined the firm of Mautz, Souther, Spaulding, Denecke & Kinsey in 1947. The firm is now known as Schwabe, Williamson, Wyatt. While in private practice Denecke argued in front of the U.S. Supreme Court as attorney for Ross Island Sand & Gravel in a worker’s compensation case, "Hahn v. Ross Island Sand & Gravel Co.", 358 U.S. 272 (1959). During this time he served as a member of the Portland School Board in the 1950s. Denecke left the firm in 1959 when he was appointed as circuit court judge for Multnomah County by Governor Mark Hatfield.
In 1983 he was a member of the American Bar Association Commission on Evaluation of Professional Standards that drafted the Model Rules of Professional Conduct. As an educator Arno Denecke taught at the University of Oregon School of Law, Northwestern School of Law, Army Judge Advocate General School, and Willamette University. In 1993, he was awarded the Oregon State Bar Association's Award of Merit.
Additionally, Denecke was a trustee for both the Oregon Graduate Center (now part of OHSU) and Reed College in Portland. He also served as chairperson for the YMCA Youth & Government program, and served as an overseer to Lewis & Clark College.
Judicial career.
In 1962, Arno Denecke was elected to the Oregon Supreme Court. He then served starting in 1963 until he resign from the bench on June 30, 1982. He was re-elected in 1968, 1974, and 1980. Denecke was selected as chief justice in 1976, and served in that capacity until he resigned in 1982. While on the bench he wrote many opinions including "Seattle-First National Bank v. Oregon Pacific Industries", 262 Or. 578, 500 P.2d 1033 (1972) and "Gustafson v. Payless", 269 Or. 354, 525 P.2d 118 (1974). As chief justice he was involved with reforms of the court that centralized many administrative tasks under that position.
Later years and family.
After leaving the court he was an advocate for school reforms and led an investigation of Oregon's State Accident Insurance Fund. Denecke was married to Marguerite L. Gahr. He had two stepchildren, Michael Potter and Shirley Potter. Arno Denecke died on October 20, 1993 in Salem, Oregon, at the age of 77. The Marion County Bar Association gives the Arno Denecke Award annually to attorneys for pro bono work.

</doc>
<doc id="9651052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651052" title="Lake Linville">
Lake Linville

Lake Linville is a reservoir in Rockcastle County, Kentucky. It was created in 1968 by the construction of the earthen Renfro Dam, 72 feet high with a length of 1100 feet, owned and operated by the Commonwealth of Kentucky. The dam is a highway fill embankment along Interstate 75.
Facilities.
Facilities include a launching ramp, boat dock, and parking area. Boats, live bait, and tackle are available.
Fishery.
Species in the lake include largemouth bass, spotted bass, white crappie, hybrid bass, channel catfish, bluegill, longear sunfish, carp, and yellow bullhead.
External links.
Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources

</doc>
<doc id="9651054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651054" title="Penwortham Cop Lane railway station">
Penwortham Cop Lane railway station

Penwortham Cop Lane was a railway station on the West Lancashire Railway in England. It served the town of Penwortham just outside Preston. It was between Higher Penwortham and Lower Penwortham. It was opened by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1911 and was closed by British Rail in 1964.
The cutting which once carried the railway under Cop Lane has been widened and now carries the A582 Penwortham bypass. The cutting was put to good use in the 1970s by young boys as a cycle track and "ad hoc" scrambling course.

</doc>
<doc id="9651071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651071" title="Santa Maria del Suffragio">
Santa Maria del Suffragio

Santa Maria del Suffragio is a 17th-century church in the center Rome, Italy. It lies on the via Giulia, in the rione Ponte.
In 1592, the "Confraternita del Suffragio" ("Fraternity of those who succor the suffering") was a purgatorial society established adjacent to the church of Saint Biagio della Pagnotta; their goal was to pray for the spirits of the dead and dying. Two years later, the group received a charter of approval from Pope Clement VIII. In 1620, it was elevated to "Arciconfraternita" by Pope Paul V.
Having outgrown their premises, the group acquired in 1607, part of an unfinished site that originally had been destined to be the Bramante-designed Palace of the Courts. In 1662, the architect Carlo Rainaldi designed the church, which was completed by 1669, with interior decorations continuing till 1685.
The interior has frescoes by Cesare Mariani ("Coronation of the Virgin"). The third chapel on the right has a "Birth of Mary" and an "Adoration of the Magi" by Giuseppe Chiari. The third chapel on the left once had the "Passion of Christ" frescoed on the walls by Lanfranco

</doc>
<doc id="9651089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651089" title="Side Man">
Side Man

Side Man is a memory play by Warren Leight. His inspiration was his father Donald, who worked as a sideman, in jazz parlance a musician for hire who can blend in with the band or star as a solo performer, according to what is required by the gig.
Plot.
The play's narrator is Clifford Glimmer, the only son of Gene, a talented but self-absorbed jazz trumpeter, and his alcoholic wife Terry, who describes the tumultuous relationship his parents shared and the haphazard career journey Gene followed over the course of three decades. Dedicated more to his music than his family, he refuses to accept a regular job to support them, and their home life gradually unravels, with Clifford eventually assuming the role of breadwinner his father has forsaken and offering his mother the emotional support Gene cannot. Scenes alternate between the family's Spartan New York City apartment and the smoke-filled nightclubs and cabarets of another era.
Productions.
Directed by Michael Mayer, the play premiered on March 11, 1998 at the off-off-Broadway East 13th Street Theater, where it ran until March 29. The cast included Frank Wood as Gene, Robert Sella as Clifford, and Edie Falco as Terry. Joseph Lyle Taylor as AL, Michael Mastro as Ziggy, Kevin Geer as Jonsey and Angelica Torn as Patsy. After 27 previews, the Broadway production, also directed by Mayer, opened on June 25, 1998 at the Criterion Center Stage Right. It later transferred to the John Golden Theatre for a total run of 517 performances. Wood and Sella reprised their roles, with Wendy Makkena replacing Falco as Terry. Later in the run Sella was replaced successively by Andrew McCarthy, Christian Slater, and Scott Wolf, Wood was replaced by Michael O'Keefe, and Makkena was replaced by Falco. 
In reviewing the off-Broadway production, Peter Marks of the "New York Times" called it "both heartbreaking and touching, a play of true feeling, full of affection for its characters and insight about the events it conjures." 
Through an arrangement with Actors' Equity, which allowed for the British cast of "The Real Thing" to travel to Broadway, "Side Man", with Wood, Falco, and Jason Priestley, opened on February 8, 2000 in London's West End at the Apollo Theatre, where it ran for slightly more than two months.
Music featured in the play.
RCA Victor released a CD compiled from the original recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="9651107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651107" title="Figure skating at the 2006 Winter Olympics – Pairs">
Figure skating at the 2006 Winter Olympics – Pairs

Pair skating was contested during the figure skating events at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
This event is performed by partners consisting of a female and male skater. The competition consists of two segments. A short program is skated first, with eight required elements performed within 2 minutes and 50 seconds. All pairs progress to the free skate, where each pair skates for 4 minutes and 30 seconds. There were 20 pairs who competed at the 2006 Games.
Short Program.
The pairs short program was the first figure skating event of the Olympics, and took place on 11 February, with the free skate completed on 13 February. Two-time World Champions and Russians Tatiana Totmianina and Maxim Marinin were the pre-tournament favorites to win. They were expected to be challenged by two-time World Champions and reigning Olympic bronze medalists Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo, but an injury to Zhao initially kept them out of contention for the gold medal. However, the team was able to get back into shape for the Olympics.
Totmianina and Marinin took the lead after the short program, with a score of 68.64 pts. Zhang Dan and Zhang Hao of China, skating to Led Zeppelin's song "Kashmir", ranked second with 64.72 pts, followed closely by Maria Petrova and Alexei Tikhonov of Russia with 64.27 pts. Close behind were two other Chinese pairs, Pang Qing and Tong Jian (63.19 pts) and Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo (62.32 pts). Americans Rena Inoue and John Baldwin made history in the short program by landing the first throw triple Axel in Olympic competition, putting them in sixth place.
Free Skate.
In free skating, Totmianina and Marinin were described by NBC as "untouchable", and the pair scored a personal best 135.84 points in this segment for a combined score of 204.48. Their victory was described as "a rout" The pair had suffered a setback in 2004 when Marinin dropped Totmianina during a lift, putting her in the hospital with a concussion. 
The Chinese pair of Zhang and Zhang were the last to take the ice on the night of the free skate. In trying to surpass the Russian pair, Zhang and Zhang attempted a throw quadruple salchow jump, never before completed successfully in competition. However, Zhang Dan fell on this element and suffered a painful injury to her knee. Since she was temporarily unable to continue, the music was stopped by the event referee. Upon the trainer's approval for Zhang Dan to continue, the couple continued their routine, "nailevery other element" for the remaining four minutes. NBC reported that the entire crowd gave the pair a standing ovation and showed shots of their fellow competitors, including Totmianiana and Marinin, also standing. Finishing second in both parts of the competition, Zhang and Zhang received silver medals with an overall score of 189.73 pts. 
Their countrymen, Shen and Zhao, who were in fifth place after the short program, pulled up two places in the free skate to take the bronze medals, as they did at Salt Lake City four years earlier, with a total score of 186.91. They edged the third Chinese couple, Pang Qing and Tong Jian out of the podium by just 0.24 pts. 
Petrova and Tikhonov, who were in third place after the short program, dropped to fifth place overall. Germans Aljona Sawtschenko and Robin Szolkowy, who were in seventh after the short, scored the fifth best total of the free skate competition to go up on spot. Inoue and Baldwin were unable to complete their throw triple axel in the long and dropped to seventh overall. 
While Totmianina and Marinin extended the streak of gold medals in pairs for Russia and former Soviet Union to 12 consecutive Olympics, dating back to 1964, the silver medals for Zhang and Zhang are China's best ever achievement in Olympic figure skating. Up until this point, China had three bronze medals in figure skating: two from China's Chen Lu and one from Shen and Zhao.
Results.
Final standings.
Referee: 
Technical Controller: 
Technical Specialist: 
Assistant Technical Specialist: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="9651152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651152" title="Sir John Anderson, 1st Baronet, of Mill Hill">
Sir John Anderson, 1st Baronet, of Mill Hill

Sir John William Anderson, 1st Baronet (ca. 173621 May 1813) was a British politician.
Born in Dantzic in Scotland, he was the son of William Anderson and Lucy Sheldon. Anderson was an alderman of Aldersgate between 1789 and 1813 and Sheriff of London between 1791 to 1792. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for London from 1793 to 1806. Between 1797 and 1798, Anderson was Lord Mayor of London. On 14 May 1798, he was made a baronet, of Mill Hill, Hendon, in the County of Middlesex.
In 1762, he married Dorothy Simkins, daughter of Charles Simkins. Their marriage was childless. Anderson died in May 1813 and the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="9651169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651169" title="Maria Campbell">
Maria Campbell

Maria Campbell (born 6 of 26 Apr 1940 near Athlone, Edmonton) is a Métis author, playwright, broadcaster, filmmaker, and Elder. Campbell is a fluent speaker of four languages: Cree, Michif, Saulteaux, and English. 
Park Valley is located 80 miles northwest of Prince Albert.
Her first book was the memoir "Halfbreed" (1973), which continues to be taught in schools across Canada, and which continues to inspire generations of indigenous women and men. Four of her published works have been published in eight countries and translated into four other languages (German, Chinese, French, Italian).
Campbell's first professionally produced play, "Flight", was the first all Aboriginal theatre production in modern Canada. Weaving modern dance, storytelling and drama together with traditional Aboriginal art practises, this early work set a stylistic tone that her most recent productions continue to explore. Two of her plays have toured extensively within Canada and abroad to Scotland, Denmark and Italy. From 1985 to 1997 Ms. Campbell owned and operated a production company, Gabriel Productions. She has written and/or directed films by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC), including "My Partners My People", which aired on CTV for 3 years. She is coordinator and member of "Sage Ensemble", a community theatre group for Aboriginal elders, and is actively associated with the "Saskatchewan Native Theatre Company" in Saskatoon.
In addition to her work in the arts, Maria is a volunteer, activist and advocate for Aboriginal rights and the rights of women. She was a founder of the first Women’s Halfway House and the first Women and Children’s Emergency Crisis Centre in Edmonton. She has worked with Aboriginal youths in community theatre; set up food and housing co-ops; facilitated women’s circles; advocated for the hiring and recognition of Native people in the arts, and mentored many indigenous artists working in all forms of the arts. Maria sits as an Elder on the "Saskatchewan Aboriginal Justice Commission", and is a member of the "Grandmothers for Justice Society". Academically, she has focused on teaching Métis history and Methods in Oral Tradition Research. She has worked as a researcher, meeting with elders to gather and record oral historical evidence of many aspects of aboriginal traditional knowledge, including medical and dietary as well as spiritual, social, and general cultural practices.

</doc>
<doc id="9651202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651202" title="Tokugawa (surname)">
Tokugawa (surname)

Tokugawa (Shinjitai (modern Japanese) spelling: 徳川; Kyūjitai (historical Japanese) spelling: 德川) is a surname in Japan. 
It originated with Tokugawa Ieyasu, who took the surname in 1567, reviving an ancestral placename. He and his fourteen successors were shoguns during the Edo period of Japanese history. Some of his sons also bore the Tokugawa surname, and three cadet branches of his line, the Owari, Kii, and Mito Tokugawa, continued as daimyo through the Edo period. Descendants of Ieyasu who were not permitted to take the Tokugawa name normally bore the Matsudaira surname. 

</doc>
<doc id="9651210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651210" title="Nouveau Gloaming">
Nouveau Gloaming

Nouveau Gloaming is the first full-length album by Norwegian/English black metal band Code. The album was released on June 13, 2005 through Spikefarm Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9651224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651224" title="Route 17 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 17 (MTA Maryland)

Route 17 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs from the Patapsco Light Rail Stop to Parkway Center in Anne Arundel County, via BWI Airport and Arundel Mills. Weekend trips and some weekday trips on this line terminate at Arundel Mills. The line operates between BWI Airport and downtown Baltimore during hours when the light rail is not operating.
History.
Route 17 is one of the most modified bus routes in MTA history from its original route. Only three of the 27 miles of its initial route in 1973 are still in place today. Much of its original route is not served by any public transportation, particularly portions along Maryland Route 177.
Its current route is actually the successor to several other bus routes no longer in operation. The route has seen a very fragile existence, facing a lot of budget cuts that have resulted in its route and schedule being reduced, and a near threat of elimination.
The current Route 17 started operating in 1973 between downtown Baltimore and Gibson Island. At that time, it served the Annapolis Road/Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard and Mountain Road corridors, mostly of Anne Arundel County. It also passed through the towns of Linthicum, Glen Burnie, and Pasadena.
The no. 17 designation was previously used for a streetcar that ran along the St. Paul Street corridor of Charles Village from 1893 to 1938. In 1939, this was converted to a bus operation and extended south to Westport along Annapolis Road. This route was replaced with other services in 1947. Another unrelated route briefly ran along East East Fayette Street 1949-50, the last Baltimore bus route to carry this designation until the introduction of the current Route 17.
The route was shortened during the 1980s from Gibson Island to Lake Shore Plaza. Gibson Island became a private island, and the causeway leading there closed to the public, and ridership demand in this area was very low. Also, trips at certain times of day terminated at Pinewood Village in the Harundale area.
Route 17 did not serve BWI Airport until 1993. From 1973 to 1989, Route 16, which operated from downtown Baltimore to Odenton, provided service to BWI. This was replaced with Route 230 in 1989. Route 230 provided a limited number of express trips to the airport until the light rail was extended into Anne Arundel County in 1993, and local bus routes replaced the service.
Opening of Central Light Rail.
When the Central Light Rail line was opened in South Baltimore and Anne Arundel County, Route 17 underwent a series of changes in various phases.
In September 1992, the route was converted into a feeder bus into the light rail, and was truncated to the Patapsco Light Rail Stop. The portion going to downtown Baltimore was eliminated, though it was covered locally by Route 28. In addition, Sunday service was completely abolished.
In January 1993, the route faced budget cuts. On weekdays, midday service between 9 AM and 2 PM, which had very low ridership was eliminated. Saturday service was shortened to Pinewood Village.
In September 1993, when the final stretch of the light rail opened, midday service was restored, as the route underwent even more changes, replacing the then-eliminated Route 230. It was modified to serve BWI Airport and the BWI business area and hotel district. The portion along Hammonds Ferry Road in Linthicum was provided on a new Route 12. Rush hour service operated to Lake Shore Plaza, and midday service only as far as the Cromwell Light Rail Stop.
Combining with Route 12 and cuts.
In 1996, Route 17 faced its biggest cuts ever. All service between BWI Airport and Lake Shore Plaza was eliminated, as MTA would no longer serve some of these communities. Service to Pinewood Village was replaced with a new limited branch of Route 14, and service on Mountain Road was no longer provided. Other parts of Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard are within a close walk of various light rail stops. Route 17 line was also combined with Route 12 line and extended to Parkway Center, thereby providing all this service on a single route.
Extension to Arundel Mills.
In 2001, with the opening of Arundel Mills mall in Hanover, Maryland, Route 17 was extended to this area. All trips to Parkway Center were routed via Arundel Mills, and all trips terminating at BWI Airport were extended there. In addition, Sunday service was added to serve the mall.
Threat of total elimination.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, MTA proposed to completely eliminate Route 17, except for a few trips between downtown Baltimore and BWI Airport when the light rail was not operating. Under this plan, riders between the airport and Arundel Mills were instructed to use Howard County Transit's Red Express Route, which operates along nearly the same route in this area, and all other riders in Anne Arundel County would lose service. MTA stated that the underperforming route required a heavy taxpayer subsidy.
The plan resulted in a public outcry from riders, businesses along the route, and community activists. One of the major complaints was that many non-English-speaking riders along the route who worked within the BWI hotel district would lose service and not even know it.
In 2006, MTA revised its plan for Route 17. Under the new routing plan, the line would continue to operate full-time, but from the Patapsco Light Rail Stop to Arundel Mills only, with service provided every 30 minutes during rush hour, and every 90 minutes at other times. Some of the deviations along the route where duplicate service is provided (such as to BWI Amtrak) would be eliminated or modified. Only riders west of Arundel Mills to Parkway Center would lose service.
In 2007, GBBI was canceled, and plans to eliminated or reduce service on this line were not made.
In 2009, branches to Airport 100 Business Park and SECU were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="9651228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651228" title="Panavision HD-900F">
Panavision HD-900F

The Panavision HD-900F is the first high definition camera that records in 24 frame per second format. In 1997, Panavision and Sony collaborated to develop the first ever high definition movie camera.
Technical aspects.
Panavision and Sony created a new viewfinder, which is entirely redesigned from the old film camera setup, to allow easier controls while filming. The changes were made in order to produce a film friendly system that utilizes many standard camera accessories, such as the follow focus, matte box, heads, etc.
The camera has image quality comparable to industry standards, the lenses utilize state-of-the-art components with the camera itself is still compact and lightweight. The zoom lenses optimize maximum image quality, thus enabling depths of field similar to the 35mm cine formats seen today.
For CGI filmmakers, a pre-filter is used for better color matching and better enhanced resolution for blue screen effects.
Cinema history.
The HD-900F High Definition Camera System was first used for a feature film by Jesse Dylan for "How High".
Since that time, the HD-900F has been used in:

</doc>
<doc id="9651234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651234" title="East Coast Asian American Student Union">
East Coast Asian American Student Union

The East Coast Asian American Student Union (commonly abbreviated as ECAASU) [http://www.ecaasu.org] is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit whose mission is to inspire, educate, and empower those interested in Asian American & Pacific Islander (AAPI) issues. Run solely by volunteers, ECAASU's advocacy work is conducted through outreach to AAPI students organizations across the country and educating individuals on becoming agents of change through our various programs that are held over the course of the year. ECAASU hosts an annual conference, which is currently known as the largest and oldest conference in the country for Asian American students. The organization's membership is primarily composed of universities from the eastern United States while its annual conferences draw students and activists from throughout the United States. ECAASU was originally established in 1978 as the East Coast Asian Student Union (ECASU) before changing its name during 2005 conference. It currently attracts 1,000+ students to its annual conference. The largest ECAASU was held at University of Pennsylvania (March 4–6, 2010) which was attended by almost 1,700 students. Similarly, the 2013 ECAASU conference held at Columbia University drew in over 1,500 students from over 200 different colleges. The 2015 ECAASU conference will be held in Boston, Massachusetts and is hosted by four Boston colleges. 
Mission.
Mission.
To inspire, educate, and empower those interested in Asian American & Pacific Islander American issues.
History.
Early movements.
The 1960s is often noted as a period of profound social transformation of U.S. society, driven forth by the Civil Rights struggles and the anti-war movement, and fueled by the awakening to the injustice and inequality rooted deep in the contractions of U.S. society. Asian Americans began to critically reexamine their own experiences. Some Asian Americans students, disillusioned and outraged at the U.S. war of aggression in Vietnam, were among the first to organize anti-war protests; realizing that Asian Americans shouldn't be fighting abroad but here at home to better our conditions.
Inspired by the civil rights struggles, Asian American students fought alongside other Third World students at San Francisco State and across the country to demand that the university serve the people and open its doors to students of color. After exhausting all channels of communications, Third World students resorted to rallies, sit-ins, and takeovers that forced the University to open its doors. Thus, Asian Americans won the right to a quality education and enter universities and colleges in significant numbers. Ethnic studies and other supportive programs were established to made education relevant to us.
During the early 1970s, Asian American organizations were established to deal concretely with their specific needs and concerns. Asian American student organizations (ASO's) were formed on campuses throughout the East Coast to address the issues of identity and educational rights. The first Asian American student organization was the Yale Asian American Students Association (Yale AASA), which was established in 1969. The group had 69 largely undergraduate members, who persuaded the Yale admissions office to recruit more Asian American students, organized campaigns around repealing Title II of the 1950 McCarren Act and to seek a fair trial for Black Panther Bobby Seale, developed the first Asian American Studies course on the East Coast (Spring semester 1970), and organized the first East Coast Asian American student conference, "Asians in America," which was held at Yale in April, 1970. Over 300 students from over 40 different colleges attended. Members of Yale AASA, led by editor Lowell Chun-Hoon and publisher Don Nakanishi, both members of Yale's Class of 1971, founded Amerasia Journal, the first academic journal for the field of Asian American Studies. The first issue was released in March, 1971. Some Asian American students went back "to serve our community" and formed community organizations to address basic issues of housing and health services.
Impact of the "Bakke" decision.
In 1978, the Supreme Court upheld Allan Bakke's claim that he had not been admitted to UC Davis medical school due to "reverse discrimination." To many people, this decision represented an attack on the civil right gains made in the 1960s. It also sparked a huge struggle led by Third World students against this decision. The decision was a statewide challenge that required a new level of organization. Rallying against the Bakke Decision, Asian American students recognized the need for a network capable of providing a broader perspective, mutual support, and the capacity for collective action. This led to the founding of the West Coast Asian Pacific Student Union (APSU), the Midwest Asian Pacific American Student Organization network, and ECASU, with regions in the Mid-Atlantic and New England.
East Coast Asian Student Union.
The 1980s was generally considered a period of conservatism with the Right on the move in attacking not only Affirmative Action, but also questioning: reproductive rights, language rights, freedom of speech, social services, environment, and "back to basics" in education. It is sometimes considered the "me" generation bombarded with "careerism" without any sense of social responsibility. Asian Americans were touted as the "successful," "model minority" in Newsweek and Time. All this came in the midst of wording economy and declining U.S. influences globally.
However, this decade has seen a plethora of changes, winding from the sudden surges in Asian American populations in colleges nationwide, to the scapegoating of Asians in the Clinton campaign scandal and the Lawrence Labs debacle. Even more recently, the Wen Ho Lee incident has shown that Asian Americans are not safe from racial profiling and stereotyping. In the past eight years, Asian populations in juvenile systems have doubled in parts of the country, and by all accounts the fissure between the haves and the have-nots within our very own community has widened too far. APA’s have also seen a resurgence of Asian American activism, from the gradual strengthening of collegiate groups to the bold organizing of the 80-20 Initiative. With eyes on these trends, ECASU looks to strengthen the East Coast Asian student community, and to bring us to new heights of awareness, activism, and pride in the APA community.
2007: ECAASU National Board Revival.
Following the Yale ECAASU Conference, the National Board experienced a period of revival as well. The National Board itself grew from 2 people to 12 people, occupying 10 board positions. In addition, ECAASU began to apply for non-profit status. New boards were also created, including the Board of Directors (aka Directorate) and the ECAASU Representatives Council (which includes about 60 people from 40 schools in 2008). The National Board has also taken steps to create ECAASU events outside of the yearly conference [http://www.ecaasunational.org/events.html, including regional fall mixers. Last, the National Board has revived the ECAASU journal, which used to be called "Asian American Spirit", now titled "Envision" Last, ECAASU started the Affiliate Schools Project, an online database of profiles of ECAASU member schools [http://affiliateschools.ecaasunational.org.
ECAASU Board of Directors.
Allen Pan (Yale '08)<br>
Andrew Lee (Cornell '08)<br>
Calvin Sun (Columbia '08)<br>
Michelle Horikawa (George Washington University '09)
2012-2013 National Board Members.
Executive Director - June Kao (NYU '12)<br>
Executive Associate Director - Nicole Fink (University of Connecticut '10, '12)<br>
Director of Advocacy - Diane Wong (SUNY Binghamton '12)<br>
Advocacy Coordinator - Christopher Tam (Virginia Tech '13)<br>
Advocacy Coordinator - Johnny Thach (SUNY Binghamton '12)<br>
Social Media Coordinator - Charmant Tan (Georgia Institute of Technology ’10/'13)<br>
Outreach Program Coordinator- Haesoo Cheon (Cornell University'15)<br>
Director of Development - Melinda Wang (Williams College '14)<br>
Development Coordinator - Shayra Kamal (Cornell University'14)<br>
Collegiate Fellow - Derrick Fu (Columbia University '13)<br>
High School Fellow - Nisha Pradhan (Hopewell Central Valley HS ’13)

</doc>
<doc id="9651235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651235" title="Jean-Claude Gérard">
Jean-Claude Gérard

Jean-Claude Gérard, a well-known flutist, studied flute at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique in Paris with Marcel Moyse. 
He won several international competitions and began his career in Paris, playing with the Orchestre des Concerts Lamoureux and at the Opéra National de Paris. He moved to Germany in 1972. After his engagement as a solo flutist with the Philharmonic State Orchestra in Hamburg, he was a professor at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover from 1986 to 1989. Since 1989 he has been professor at the University of Music and performing Arts in Stuttgart. 
Apart from his pedagogic commitments, numerous concerts, recordings, Jean-Claude Gérard is a member of the Deutsche Bläsersolisten, the Ensemble Villa Musica and the Bach-Collegium Stuttgart under the direction of Helmuth Rilling.

</doc>
<doc id="9651241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651241" title="Martins Fork Lake">
Martins Fork Lake

Martins Fork Lake is a reservoir in Harlan County, Kentucky. The lake was impounded from the Martin's Fork in 1979 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It is named for James Martin, an early pioneer in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9651255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651255" title="Stephan, Hereditary Prince of Lippe">
Stephan, Hereditary Prince of Lippe

Stephan, Hereditary Prince of Lippe ("Stephan Leopold Justus Richard") was born on 24 May 1959 in Detmold, Germany. He is the son of Armin Leopold Ernst Bruno Heinrich Willa August Prince of Lippe and Traute Becker and the heir to the headship of the House of Lippe. 
Marriage and children.
He married Countess Maria of Solms-Laubach, daughter of Count Otto of Solms-Laubach and Princess Madeleine of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, on 15 October 1994 in Detmold. They are living at Detmold and have five children:

</doc>
<doc id="9651290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651290" title="1976 in Northern Ireland">
1976 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9651310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651310" title="Malagasy constitutional referendum, 2007">
Malagasy constitutional referendum, 2007

A constitutional referendum was held in Madagascar on 4 April 2007. The proposed changes, which voters were asked to approve or reject as a whole, included:
Early results, with 73.18% of the vote counted, showed that turnout was around 42.43%. The referendum appeared likely to be passed because 74.93% of the voters in Antananarivo were in favour of the amendments, even though it seemed likely that in four of the five other provinces the "no" vote might have won. According to results released on 7 April, with votes from 85.47% of polling stations counted, 75.24% were in favor of the proposed changes. Roland Ratsiraka, who placed third in the 2006 presidential election and opposed the proposed changes, alleged fraud.
Official results were released on 11 April, but it was necessary for the Constitutional High Court to validate the results in order for them to be final, and this happened on 27 April.
The Judged By Your Work Party (AVI) chose to boycott the referendum, saying that it was deceitful for the referendum to describe a "yes" vote as being a vote for national development.
References.
[http://www.electoralgeography.com/en/countries/m/madagascar/2007-referendum-madagascar.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9651325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651325" title="Liane Balaban">
Liane Balaban

Liane Balaban (born June 24, 1980) is a Canadian actress. Her film debut was in "New Waterford Girl" (1999), playing Agnes-Marie "Moonie" Pottie, and has since appeared in the films "Definitely, Maybe" (2008), "Last Chance Harvey" (2009), and the independent drama "One Week" (2008). She has guest-starred on the television series "", "Covert Affairs" and "Alphas", and joined the cast of "Supernatural" for its eighth season.
Early life.
Balaban was born in North York, Ontario, the daughter of a Catholic mother who worked as a medical secretary, and a Jewish father, who worked in real estate. She grew up in the Willowdale neighbourhood of North York, now part of Toronto, and went to high school at Lawrence Park Collegiate Institute. Balaban majored in journalism at Ryerson University but left to concentrate on acting. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Concordia University.
Career.
Balaban made her feature film debut in "New Waterford Girl" (1999), playing a 15-year-old misfit longing to escape the Cape Breton coal-mining town, New Waterford. Set in the 1970s, the film was directed by Allan Moyle. Producer Julia Sereny, who had known Balaban through her aunt and uncle, asked her to audition for the film. Balaban had studied drama in high school, but had not intended to be an actor at that point. After seven auditions, Balaban landed the part that won a Special Jury Citation at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival and a nomination for a Canadian Comedy Award.
Balaban made a successful follow-up with "Saint Jude" (2000), directed by John L'Ecuyer. She starred in the TV movie "After the Harvest" (2001), opposite Sam Shepard, and appeared in "Happy Here and Now" (2002), opposite David Arquette and Ally Sheedy. She also starred in the horror film "Spliced" (2002), co-starring Ron Silver. Balaban was a member of the garage/electro/pop band We are Molecules where she sang and played keyboards and drums. She has also written for arts newspapers.
While previously unsure of acting as a career, Balaban committed to seriously pursuing acting around 2007. She appeared in her first mainstream Hollywood feature film, "Definitely, Maybe" in 2008, a romantic comedy starring Ryan Reynolds. She next appeared in "Last Chance Harvey", a romance starring Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson which had a wide release in January 2009. She played the supporting role of Susan, the estranged and soon-to-be-married daughter of Hoffman's character. She stated to "The Globe and Mail" that her time in London making the film was like "going to the best acting school in the world".
Balaban starred in the independent drama "One Week" (2008), as Samantha Pierce, a woman whose fiancé (Joshua Jackson) is diagnosed with terminal cancer and takes a motorcycle trip across Canada. Directed by Michael McGowan, Balaban was nominated for the Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in 2010 for her performance. Balaban starred in the black comedy "You Might as Well Live" in 2009, playing a psychotic girl who is obsessed with explosives.
Balaban's other films in 2009 include "Not Since You", a drama about a group of college friends, and "The Trotsky", by Jacob Tierney. She also shot the CBC TV movie "Abroad", based on the love life of Leah McLaren, a Toronto columnist for "The Globe and Mail". Balaban was nominated for the Gemini Award for best lead actress in a dramatic program or miniseries for the role. She then starred in "The New Tenants" with Vincent D’Onofrio, a short film entered into the CFC Worldwide Short Film Festival, which also won the 2010 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film.
Balaban starred in the 2010 comedy/drama "Coach", directed by Will Frears, as an emergency room doctor who falls for an inner city soccer coach (Hugh Dancy). She appeared in the episode "Communication Breakdown" of the TV series "Covert Affairs" playing Natasha Petrova, a Russian computer hacker, and the character Auggie (Chris Gorham)'s ex-girlfriend. She also voiced the role of Lucrezia Borgia in the video game "". Balaban played a journalist opposite Paul Ahmarani in "The Future is Now!", a docudrama by Gary Burns.
Balaban made her stage debut in February 2011 starring as Claire in "Divisadero: A Performance", at the Theatre Passe Muraille in Toronto. Directed by Daniel Brooks, the performance was an adaptation of an Governor General’s Award-winning novel by Michael Ondaatje, with music by Justin Rutledge. The show was restaged in February 2012.
Balaban filmed the independent comedy, "Finding Joy", in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in mid-2011. She signed on to a recurring role in the CW drama, "Supernatural" in 2012, playing Amelia, a young doctor with tragedy in her past. In August 2012, Balaban was in Newfoundland filming "The Grand Seduction", an English-language version of the 2003 Québécois comedy, "Seducing Doctor Lewis" (French: "La grande séduction"). She plays the love interest, opposite Taylor Kitsch, directed by Don McKellar.
Personal life.
As of 2007, Balaban lived in Mile End, Montreal. She described Montreal as "not a city that revolves around acting, so you stay very grounded here" to "Hour" magazine. Balaban includes reading, writing, going to art galleries, and experiencing music as her leisure activities. Balaban told Toronto's "Now" magazine in January 2009 that she is often mistaken for the actress Natalie Portman. She moved to Los Angeles in 2010. , she resides in both Los Angeles and Toronto. She married in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9651340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651340" title="Silverthrone">
Silverthrone

Silverthrone can refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9651360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651360" title="Bruno Giuranna">
Bruno Giuranna

Bruno Giuranna (born in 1933 in Milan) is an Italian violist.
According to Giuranna's website:
"Bruno Giuranna, born in Milan, completed his musical studies at the Santa Cecilia Conservatory in Rome receiving his diploma in violin and viola. He was one of the founding members of the famed chamber group I Musici and as soloist on both the viola and viola d’amore, took part in numerous highly acclaimed tours of Europe, Asia, North and Central America.
"Mr. Giuranna began his solo career in 1954 when he performed the world premiere of Giorgio Federico Ghedini’s Concerto for VioIa and Orchestra with Herbert von Karajan conducting. He has since performed regularly with leading orchestras such as the Berlin Philharmonic, the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and La Scala in Milan under conductors including Claudio Abbado, Carlo Maria Giulini, Sir John Barbirolli, Riccardo Muti and Sergiu Celibidache.
"Professor at the Hochschule für Musik in Berlin and International Chair at the Royal Academy of Music in London 1995-96, Mr. Giuranna is now Visiting Professor of viola at the University of Limerick. He has given master classes throughout the world and was a frequent guest at the Marlboro Festival in Vermont. From 1983 to 1992 Bruno Giuranna was Artistic Director of the Padova Chamber Orchestra and of the International Chamber Music Festival in Asolo, Italy, where he now lives. He was president of the Jury of the Bruno Giuranna International Viola CompetÌtion in Brazil. His extensive discography includes Mozart’s Sinfonia Còncertante with Henryk Szeryng, the complete Vivaldi Concerti for viola d’amore and the Mozart Piano Quartets with the Beaux Arts Trio for Philips Records.
"In 1990 Mr. Giuranna’s recording of the Beethoven String Trios with Anne-Sophie Mutter and Mstislav Rostropovich for Deutsche Grammophon was nominated for a Grammy Award and his recording of the Boccherini Concerti won the coveted Grand Prix du Disque from the prestigious Academie Charles Cros of Paris. Bruno Giuranna was the artistic director of the "Orchestra da Camera di Padova" from 1983 till 1992 and in 1998 he started an intensive cooperation with the "Orchestra dei Pomeriggi Musicali" in Milan."
Giuranna was also responsible for a transcription of Bach's Goldberg Variations. The world premiere recording of this work was made by the Trio Broz in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9651368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651368" title="1975 in Northern Ireland">
1975 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9651373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651373" title="Earth Impact Database">
Earth Impact Database

The Earth Impact Database is the authoritative source for information on confirmed impact structures or craters on Earth. It was initiated in 1955 by the Dominion Observatory, Ottawa, under the direction of Dr. Carlyle S. Beals. It is now maintained as a not-for-profit source of information at the Planetary and Space Science Centre at the University of New Brunswick, Canada.
The database currently () lists 183 confirmed impact sites.
Other comprehensive lists are wider in scope by including more than just confirmed sites, such as probable, possible, suspected and rejected/discredited impact sites on their lists. These are used for screening and tracking study of possible impact sites. The reason to retain rejected sites on such a list is because they may be, and often are, reported again. Sites will appear first in these lists while under study and may "graduate" to UNB's Earth Impact Database after confirmation and collection of enough information about the site to satisfy the database's strict entry criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="9651385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651385" title="Toledo do Brasil Balanças">
Toledo do Brasil Balanças

Toledo do Brasil is a manufacturer and distributor of weighing instruments and balances for professional use, based in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil.
It is affiliated with Mettler Toledo.

</doc>
<doc id="9651386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651386" title="TeX Live">
TeX Live

TeX Live is a free software distribution for the TeX typesetting system that includes major TeX-related programs, macro packages, and fonts. It is the replacement of its no-longer supported counterpart teTeX.
It is now the default TeX distribution for several Linux distributions such as Fedora, Debian, Ubuntu
and Gentoo.
Other Unix operating systems like OpenBSD, FreeBSD and NetBSD have also converted from teTeX to TeX Live.
The project was originally started by Sebastian Rahtz in 1996 in collaboration with the TeX users groups worldwide, including the TeX Users Group. Today, it is maintained by Karl Berry.
Up to version 2009, TeX Live could be run directly, or “live”, from a CD ROM, from a DVD ROM, or from any other mobile device, hence its name. As from TeX Live 2010, it was no longer possible to run the distribution from the TeX Collection DVD due to restrictions in storage space. TeX Live follows the TeX Directory Structure.
Since the 2009 release, the editor TeXworks is included for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X as well as the vector graphics language Asymptote.
For Mac OS X there is MacTeX which comprises TeX Live as well as some additional tools for using TeX on the Mac, most notably the editor TeXShop and the bibliography manager BibDesk. TeX Live can also be compiled and installed through MacPorts.

</doc>
<doc id="9651392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651392" title="Impatiens pallida">
Impatiens pallida

Pale Jewelweed or Yellow Jewelweed (Impatiens pallida) is a flowering plant native to the United States. It grows in moist to wet soils, generally alongside the closely related "Impatiens capensis", producing flowers from midsummer through fall. Along with other species of jewelweed or "touch-me-not", it is a traditional remedy for skin rashes, although controlled studies have not shown efficacy for this purpose.
Pollination.
Nectar spurs are tubular elongations of petals and sepals of certain flowers that usually contain nectar. Flowers of "Impatiens pallida" have nectar spurs which are thought to have played a role in plant-pollinator coevolution. Most of the nectar spurs of "Impatiens pallida" are perpendicular but some of them are curved.
These nectar spur flowers are either partially or completely pollinated by insects. The specific pollinator is determined by the curvature of the nectar spur. Since "Impatiens pallida" have perpendicular nectar spurs, bees are the main pollinators.

</doc>
<doc id="9651417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651417" title="Konstantin Nikolsky">
Konstantin Nikolsky

Konstantin Nikolsky (; 1 February 1951, Moscow) is a Russian rock musician, singer, guitarist and songwriter. He has played with a lot of Russian bands, including Voskreseniye and Tsvety
Biography.
He started back as an amateur in the late sixties with Moscow band "Atlants" with Alexander Sikorsky. He worked in official bands during the 70s, most notably a guitarist for Stas Namin band "Tsvety" and "Festival". Working for Festival he wrote songs for films
In the summer of 81 he joined the band Voskreseniye as a songwriter and guitarist. Writing hit songs such as "O Chem Poyot Nochnaya Ptitsa" ("Of What the Night Bird Sings") and "Zerkalo Mira" ("The Mirror of the World"), the band shot to fame, and these songs became instant classics.
He only recorded one album with Voskreseniye: "Voskresenie 2". It, was recorded in a basement of an old office over three days, and is perhaps the most well known album from them.
In 1983 he left Voskreseniye and joined back with "Festival".
After finishing the Gnesini school of guitar music in 84, Nicolsky left "Festival" and formed his own musical group "Zerkalo Mira". The band disbanded three years later, shortly after taking part in the big concert "Rock Panorama", playing alongside bands like Bravo and Rando. They did not record any albums.
After the breakup of "Zerkalo Mira". Nicolsky was joined by pianist M. Shevtsov and guitarist A. Berezovsky, and he started work on his solo project He moves towards a calm acoustical style that fits in perfectly with his musical material. In 1990 his band is joined by bass guitarist and friend A. Kuzmichev and drummer I. Kostikov. 
Eventually he recorded his first solo album in 1991 and he began touring immedialty afterward. Playing songs from this album. The band was asked to play live on hit Russian TV shows such as "Live water", "Rock-n-roll TV" and "Program A".
The band's listeners are from a wide spectrum, the young people who can relate to Nikosly's songs, and the older folks who know Nikolsky from his work with Voskreseniye.

</doc>
<doc id="9651426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651426" title="Rudolf Gleißner">
Rudolf Gleißner

Rudolf Gleißner, usually transcribed as Rudolf Gleissner, (born March 17, 1942 at Nürnberg) is a German cellist.
He studied cello in Nürnberg, Munich and Detmold with André Navarra, Enrico Mainardi and Pablo Casals. His musical ideas are mainly influenced by his work with Sergiu Celibidache.
Gleißner started his career in 1968 as soloist at Radio-Sinfonieorchester Berlin. Following that he was First Solo Player at Radio-Sinfonieorchester Stuttgart until Spring 2007.
He has done a lot of concerts as chamber musician and was co-founder of the 'Stuttgarter Solisten' in 1970.
Since 1978 he has been a professor at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="9651438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651438" title="Sonia Roco">
Sonia Roco

Sonia Cubillo Malasarte-Roco (born July 20, 1944) is the widow of Filipino senator and Presidential candidate Raul Roco. She ran for the Senate in the 2007 Philippine Midterm Elections under her late husband's party, Aksyon Demokratiko, which is allied with the broad opposition coalition called Genuine Opposition. She joined the coalition after JV Ejercito, son of deposed President Joseph Estrada, pulled out as an opposition candidate at his father's behest.
Early life.
Sonia Roco was born to then-Congressman Pablo Malasarte of Bilar and homemaker Petra Cubillo of Calape, Bohol. A consistent honor student from elementary to college, she was awarded the "Most Outstanding Student of the Philippines" in 1964, placing first (future husband Raul placed second) among all college students ranked on the basis of academic excellence, leadership ability, and special achievement. Sonia was also a recipient of the Cardinal Santos Leadership Award, having served as president of the Student Catholic Action (SCA) and the National Union of Students of the Philippines (NUSP), a national student organization founded by future Philippine Chief Justice Artemio Panganiban.
Roco holds a Bachelor of Science in Education degree (Magna Cum Laude) from Saint Joseph's College, Quezon City, a Master of Arts in Communication Arts and a Master of Arts in Social Psychology from Ateneo de Manila University. She has also taken courses at the Child Development Center of the University of the Philippines.
Career.
As an educator, Sonia co-founded "Our School," a center for early childhood education at the Ateneo Psychology Department. She also established "Live and Learn Pre-school," a kindergarten school in Katipunan, Quezon City.
As a theater artist, Sonia trained in Speech and Drama in London, England. Upon returning to the Philippines, she taught, acted in, directed, and produced musicals and |stage plays.
Sonia ran in the Philippine general election, 2007, coming in 17th place (Genuine Opposition), with 8,457,710 votes. She ran again in the senatorial lineup of the Liberal Party. She took 18th place on the electoral result with 6,290,925 votes.
Personal life.
As a devoted wife to Raul, Sonia actively supported her husband in all his roles as lawyer, congressman, senator, Secretary of Education, presidential candidate, and international parliamentarian. The couple has six children and nine grandchildren. They were bestowed the Golden Parents Award for 1995.
In both 1998 and 2004 Philippine presidential campaign, Sonia actively campaigned for her husband and was described by local media as very well-prepared to be a First Lady of the Philippines. On August 5, 2005, Raul Roco died of prostate cancer.
Community involvement.
Sonia is active in educational, social, cultural, and environmental causes. As past president and founding member of the 20-year-old Women in Nation Building (WIN), she is a sought-after resource person on women's issues. In healthcare, she is a frequent guest speaker owing to her first-hand experience as primary caregiver to then ailing husband Raul. Sonia co-founded Saint Michael's Hospice in 1996 to help the poor and terminally ill. She maintains active relations with the Student Catholic Action Leadership Foundation, an organization which strives to revive the SCA among the contemporary Filipino youth. She is the Executive Director of Student Catholic Action of the Philippines.
Dr. Patricia Licuanan and Sonia set up the Metro Manila Community Orchestra. With Corazon Alma de Leon and Tony Arevalo, her radio program, “Kapitan del Baryo,” aimed to strengthen grassroots democracy. Since Sonia studied Dramatics in the UK, she later enrolled in the writing class of Barbara Gonzalez, composing series of poems.

</doc>
<doc id="9651443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651443" title="Radial basis function network">
Radial basis function network

In the field of mathematical modeling, a radial basis function network is an artificial neural network that uses radial basis functions as activation functions. The output of the network is a linear combination of radial basis functions of the inputs and neuron parameters. Radial basis function networks have many uses, including function approximation, time series prediction, classification, and system control. They were first formulated in a 1988 paper by Broomhead and Lowe, both researchers at the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment.
Network architecture.
Radial basis function (RBF) networks typically have three layers: an input layer, a hidden layer with a non-linear RBF activation function and a linear output layer. The input can be modeled as a vector of real numbers formula_1. The output of the network is then a scalar function of the input vector, formula_2, and is given by
where formula_4 is the number of neurons in the hidden layer, formula_5 is the center vector for neuron formula_6, and formula_7 is the weight of neuron formula_6 in the linear output neuron. Functions that depend only on the distance from a center vector are radially symmetric about that vector, hence the name radial basis function. In the basic form all inputs are connected to each hidden neuron. The norm is typically taken to be the Euclidean distance (although the Mahalanobis distance appears to perform better in general) and the radial basis function is commonly taken to be Gaussian
The Gaussian basis functions are local to the center vector in the sense that 
i.e. changing parameters of one neuron has only a small effect for input values that are far away from the center of that neuron.
Given certain mild conditions on the shape of the activation function, RBF networks are universal approximators on a compact subset of formula_11. This means that an RBF network with enough hidden neurons can approximate any continuous function with arbitrary precision.
The parameters formula_12, formula_13, and formula_14 are determined in a manner that optimizes the fit between formula_15 and the data.
Normalized.
Normalized architecture.
In addition to the above "unnormalized" architecture, RBF networks can be "normalized". In this case the mapping is
where
is known as a "normalized radial basis function".
Theoretical motivation for normalization.
There is theoretical justification for this architecture in the case of stochastic data flow. Assume a stochastic kernel approximation for the joint probability density
where the weights formula_19 and formula_20 are exemplars from the data and we require the kernels to be normalized
and
The probability densities in the input and output spaces are
and
The expectation of y given an input formula_24 is
where
is the conditional probability of y given formula_27.
The conditional probability is related to the joint probability through Bayes theorem
which yields
This becomes
when the integrations are performed.
Local linear models.
It is sometimes convenient to expand the architecture to include local linear models. In that case the architectures become, to first order,
and 
in the unnormalized and normalized cases, respectively. Here formula_33 are weights to be determined. Higher order linear terms are also possible.
This result can be written
where
and
in the unnormalized case and
in the normalized case.
Here formula_38 is a Kronecker delta function defined as
Training.
RBF networks are typically trained by a two-step algorithm. In the first step, the center vectors formula_5 of the RBF functions in the hidden layer are chosen. This step can be performed in several ways; centers can be randomly sampled from some set of examples, or they can be determined using k-means clustering. Note that this step is unsupervised. A third backpropagation step can be performed to fine-tune all of the RBF net's parameters.
The second step simply fits a linear model with coefficients formula_41 to the hidden layer's outputs with respect to some objective function. A common objective function, at least for regression/function estimation, is the least squares function:
where
We have explicitly included the dependence on the weights. Minimization of the least squares objective function by optimal choice of weights optimizes accuracy of fit.
There are occasions in which multiple objectives, such as smoothness as well as accuracy, must be optimized. In that case it is useful to optimize a regularized objective function such as 
where
and
where optimization of S maximizes smoothness and formula_47 is known as a regularization parameter.
Interpolation.
RBF networks can be used to interpolate a function formula_48 when the values of that function are known on finite number of points: formula_49. Taking the known points formula_50 to be the centers of the radial basis functions and evaluating the values of the basis functions at the same points formula_51 the weights can be solved from the equation
It can be shown that the interpolation matrix in the above equation is non-singular, if the points formula_50 are distinct, and thus the weights formula_54 can be solved by simple linear algebra:
Function approximation.
If the purpose is not to perform strict interpolation but instead more general function approximation or classification the optimization is somewhat more complex because there is no obvious choice for the centers. The training is typically done in two phases first fixing the width and centers and then the weights. This can be justified by considering the different nature of the non-linear hidden neurons versus the linear output neuron.
Training the basis function centers.
Basis function centers can be randomly sampled among the input instances or obtained by Orthogonal Least Square Learning Algorithm or found by clustering the samples and choosing the cluster means as the centers.
The RBF widths are usually all fixed to same value which is proportional to the maximum distance between the chosen centers.
Pseudoinverse solution for the linear weights.
After the centers formula_56 have been fixed, the weights that minimize the error at the output are computed with a linear pseudoinverse solution:
where the entries of "G" are the values of the radial basis functions evaluated at the points formula_58: formula_59.
The existence of this linear solution means that unlike multi-layer perceptron (MLP) networks, RBF networks have a unique local minimum (when the centers are fixed).
Gradient descent training of the linear weights.
Another possible training algorithm is gradient descent. In gradient descent training, the weights are adjusted at each time step by moving them in a direction opposite from the gradient of the objective function (thus allowing the minimum of the objective function to be found),
where formula_61 is a "learning parameter."
For the case of training the linear weights, formula_62, the algorithm becomes
in the unnormalized case and
in the normalized case.
For local-linear-architectures gradient-descent training is
Projection operator training of the linear weights.
For the case of training the linear weights, formula_62 and formula_67, the algorithm becomes
in the unnormalized case and
in the normalized case and
in the local-linear case.
For one basis function, projection operator training reduces to Newton's method.
Examples.
Logistic map.
The basic properties of radial basis functions can be illustrated with a simple mathematical map, the logistic map, which maps the unit interval onto itself. It can be used to generate a convenient prototype data stream. The logistic map can be used to explore function approximation, time series prediction, and control theory. The map originated from the field of population dynamics and became the prototype for chaotic time series. The map, in the fully chaotic regime, is given by
where t is a time index. The value of x at time t+1 is a parabolic function of x at time t. This equation represents the underlying geometry of the chaotic time series generated by the logistic map.
Generation of the time series from this equation is the forward problem. The examples here illustrate the inverse problem; identification of the underlying dynamics, or fundamental equation, of the logistic map from exemplars of the time series. The goal is to find an estimate 
for f.
Function approximation.
Unnormalized radial basis functions.
The architecture is
where 
Since the input is a scalar rather than a vector, the input dimension is one. We choose the number of basis functions as N=5 and the size of the training set to be 100 exemplars generated by the chaotic time series. The weight formula_75 is taken to be a constant equal to 5. The weights formula_76 are five exemplars from the time series. The weights formula_12 are trained with projection operator training:
where the learning rate formula_79 is taken to be 0.3. The training is performed with one pass through the 100 training points. The rms error is 0.15.
Normalized radial basis functions.
The normalized RBF architecture is
where
Again:
Again, we choose the number of basis functions as five and the size of the training set to be 100 exemplars generated by the chaotic time series. The weight formula_75 is taken to be a constant equal to 6. The weights formula_76 are five exemplars from the time series. The weights formula_12 are trained with projection operator training:
where the learning rate formula_79 is again taken to be 0.3. The training is performed with one pass through the 100 training points. The rms error on a test set of 100 exemplars is 0.084, smaller than the unnormalized error. Normalization yields accuracy improvement. Typically accuracy with normalized basis functions increases even more over unnormalized functions as input dimensionality increases.
Time series prediction.
Once the underlying geometry of the time series is estimated as in the previous examples, a prediction for the time series can be made by iteration:
A comparison of the actual and estimated time series is displayed in the figure. The estimated times series starts out at time zero with an exact knowledge of x(0). It then uses the estimate of the dynamics to update the time series estimate for several time steps. 
Note that the estimate is accurate for only a few time steps. This is a general characteristic of chaotic time series. This is a property of the sensitive dependence on initial conditions common to chaotic time series. A small initial error is amplified with time. A measure of the divergence of time series with nearly identical initial conditions is known as the Lyapunov exponent.
Control of a chaotic time series.
We assume the output of the logistic map can be manipulated through a control parameter formula_91 such that
The goal is to choose the control parameter in such a way as to drive the time series to a desired output formula_93. This can be done if we choose the control paramer to be 
where 
is an approximation to the underlying natural dynamics of the system.
The learning algorithm is given by
where

</doc>
<doc id="9651444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651444" title="Google Apps for Business">
Google Apps for Business

Google Apps for Business is a service from Google that provides independently customizable versions of several Google products using a domain name provided by the customer. It features several Web applications with similar functionality to traditional office suites, including Gmail, Hangouts, Google Calendar, Drive, Docs, Sheets, Slides, Groups, News, Play, Sites, and Vault. It was the vision of Rajen Sheth, a Google employee who later developed Chromebooks.
Google Apps for Business is free for 30 days, US$5 per user account a month thereafter, or $50 per user, per year. Google Apps for Education and Google Apps for Non-profits (for accredited 501(c)(3) non-profit entities) are free and offer the same amount of storage as Google Apps for Business accounts.
In addition to shared apps (calendar, docs, etc.), Google provides Google Apps Marketplace, an app store for Google Apps users. It contains various apps, both free and paid, which can be installed to customize the Google Apps for Business experience for the user.
Editions.
Google Apps is available in several editions. Each edition has a limit for the number of individual user accounts that may be created. Google Apps launched with a default user allotment of 200 users in the standard (free) edition, which was shortly changed to 100 users. In addition, users could request to have their user limit increased through a manual process taking (at least) 1–2 weeks for approval. In January 2009, the cap was changed so that all new accounts would receive only 50 users as opposed to 100, and could not request more without payment. This was confirmed as relating to the launch of the Google Apps commercial reseller program. Existing Standard Edition users before January 2009 kept their old allocation, in addition to the ability to "request" more users, though these limit requests are now commonly answered with suggestions to "upgrade your subscription". In 2011, the limit on the free Google Apps product was further reduced to 10 users, effective for new users. On December 6, 2012, Google decided to discontinue Google Apps Free Edition (Standard Edition). New business customers will be redirected to register for Google Apps Business Edition while existing Google Apps Standard Edition accounts will continue to be operational.
The subscription level of a Google Apps edition is billed based on the total number of available users in the Apps account, and the edition features apply to all user accounts in that subscription. It is not possible to purchase upgrades for a subset of users: to increase the user limit, subscriptions must be purchased for all accounts. For example, an upgrade from a "Standard" limit of 50 users to allow up to 60 users would involve paying for 60 users, whether they are used or not.
Adoption.
According to an announcement at the Google I/O conference in June 2012, Gmail now has 425 million users and 5 million businesses use Google Apps for Business.
Google is making a concerted effort to increase usage, particularly in the public sector. The most recent example was the announcement in June, 2011 by US government agency, NOAA, that their 25,000 government employees would be migrated to Google Apps for Business by year's end. In 2009, Los Angeles, California awarded Google a five-year contract to provide Google Apps services to 34,000 employees. As of early 2011, the City of Los Angeles was still in the process of deploying Google Apps after objections from LAPD officials surfaced about privacy. In early 2010, the U.S. Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory shifted 5,000 email accounts to Google Apps. On July 22, 2010, the General Services Administration certified that Google Apps met its cybersecurity requirements. On October 29, 2010, Google filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Interior, which opened up a bid for software that required that bidders use Microsoft's Business Productivity Online Suite. Google sued, calling the requirement "unduly restrictive of competition".
ROI analysis.
Few independent studies exist documenting the true cost savings of enterprises adopting SaaS solutions such as Google Apps. One recent non-independent study from Forrester Research indicates that large enterprises can achieve up to 329% ROI and a breakeven point of 1.4 months. A model company of 18,000 employees was used for the Forrester study.
Resellers.
Google provides a reseller program for Google Apps. As of July, 2012 more than 6000 businesses had signed up to resell the solution.
Criticisms.
Analyst firm the Real Story Group cited several weaknesses in Google Apps in a comparative review which referenced a lack of administration, customization, and lifecycle services that might hamper effectiveness in large enterprise environments.
Data security issues mean that online application platforms can be unsuitable where sensitive or confidential data is to be stored. This is particularly true for governments (where national interests might preclude storing information abroad) and large commercial entities (where any data leak can have severe financial consequences), and individuals (where ID theft can have devastating financial consequences or destroy a reputation).

</doc>
<doc id="9651447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651447" title="124th Fighter Wing">
124th Fighter Wing

The 124th Fighter Wing (124 FW) is a unit of the Idaho Air National Guard, stationed at Gowen Field Air National Guard Base, Boise, Idaho. If activated to federal service, the Wing is gained by the United States Air Force Air Combat Command.
Mission.
The federal mission of the 124th Fighter Wing under Title 10 United States Code is to properly equip and train personnel in a high state of readiness for immediate tasking as levied by higher headquarters as part of the Air Reserve Component (ARC) of the U.S. Air Force. Its state mission under Title 32 United States Code is to, at the call of the Governor of the State of Idaho, provide personnel and equipment to assist civil authorities prior to, during and after emergencies or disasters; to protect life, property, preserve peace, order and public safety.
Units.
The 124th Fighter Wing consists of the following units:
History.
Air Defense.
On 1 July 1955, the Idaho Air National Guard 190th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 124th Fighter Group (Air Defense) was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 190th FIS becoming the group's flying squadron. Other squadrons assigned into the group were the 124th Headquarters, 124th Material Squadron (Maintenance), 124th Combat Support Squadron, and the 124th USAF Dispensary. Also in 1955, the F-86A day interceptors were replaced by the F-94A Starfire all-weather interceptor. The 190th changed aircraft four more times over the next 23 years to fly the F-89C Scorpion, F-86L Sabre Interceptor and the F-102 Delta Dagger.
In 1958, the 124th implemented the ADC Runway Alert Program, in which interceptors of the 190th FIS were committed to a five-minute runway alert, a task that would last until 1974. In 1968 Air Defense Command was re-designated as Aerospace Defense Command (ADCOM).
Tactical Reconnaissance.
In November 1975, the 124th Fighter-Interceptor Group was transferred from Air Defense Command to Tactical Air Command (TAC). It was re-equipped by TAC with the RF-4C Phantom II Mach 2 high speed reconnaissance aircraft. Many of these planes were veterans of combat in Vietnam. F-4 Phantom jets would eventually spend 20 years on Gowen Field, longer than any other aircraft in the history of Idaho’s Air National Guard.
The unarmed RF-4C carried high resolution cameras and electronic sensors, which soon proved their worth to thousands of people in Idaho. RF-4C jets tracked flood waters pouring from the ruptured Teton Dam within hours of the dam’s collapse in 1976 to show officials where flood waters were headed in time to warn people living in endangered areas. Aerial photographs were also taken immediately after the 1983 Borah Peak earthquake near Challis. The Challis-Mackay region experienced rather thorough damage, with 11 commercial buildings and 39 homes with major damage; while another 200 houses were damaged, minor to moderate. The reconnaissance photos helped emergency response crews locate and evaluate the damage.
The RF-4C was still in service at the time of the 1991 Gulf War, Operation Desert Storm, although the 190th TRS did not deploy any aircraft to the Middle East. Following the end of Desert Storm, all of the remaining RF-4Cs were withdrawn from USAF service.
Electronic Warfare.
In 1991, Idaho’s Air Guard changed aircraft and mission again, and began its conversion from the RF-4C to the F‑4G Phantom II "Wild Weasel" Electronic Warfare aircraft in June 1991. The Idaho ANG was to be the only ANG unit to operate the F-4G.
The F-4G was designed as an anti-Surface to Air Missile aircraft to jam and attack enemy radars when they were activated. "Wild Weasel" tactics and techniques were first developed in 1965 during the Vietnam War, and were later integrated into the Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses (SEAD) a plan used by US air forces to establish immediate air control, prior to possible full scale conflict.
The F-4Gs were received from the 37th Tactical Fighter Wing at George AFB, California as part of the closue of George AFB. The squadron was re-designated as the 190th Fighter Squadron with the changeover of its parent 124th to the Air Force Objective Wing organization. In 1992, the 124th Fighter Group became part of the new Air Combat Command.
In April 1993 the squadron's Wild Weasel jets were sent to Southwest Asia to support Operation Southern Watch, enforcing the no‑fly zone over southern Iraq. Twice 190th airmen were challenged by illegal Iraqi air defense radar near Basra. The threats were answered — and silenced — with AGM-88 High-Speed Anti-Radiation Missile (HARM) anti-radiation missiles. Less than six months after ending its first Southwest Asia tour, the squadron began a second Southern Watch deployment, followed by two back‑to‑back tours in support of Operation Provide Comfort, enforcing the northern no‑fly zone and protecting Kurds from Iraqi aggression. From 1993 to 1995 there were a total of four deployments to the Gulf. The last such deployment returned to Boise in December 1995. Idaho’s airmen served longer in Southwest Asia than any other flying unit in the Air National Guard.
The 124th was named “Best Flying Unit in the Air National Guard” and received the prestigious Spaatz Trophy from the National Guard Association. Idaho airmen and Phantom jets went to Canada and Norway to provide critical tactical reconnaissance capabilities to U.S. and NATO forces
Composite Wing.
In the mid-1990s the mission of the 124th changed considerably. On 1 October 1995, the status of the 124th was changed from Group to Wing, and the organization became the 124th Fighter Wing on 1 October 1995.
On 20 April 1996, the Air Force withdrew the last F-4Gs from the 124th FW and the aircraft were consigned to storage at Davis Monthan AFB, Arizona. This marked the final retirement of the F-4 Phantom II from active service with any American military unit, and after 20 years of service with the Idaho Air National Guard. The Phantoms of the 190th Fighter Squadron were replaced by the A-10 Thunderbolt II air-ground support aircraft, better known as the “Warthog”.
The 124th also became a composite wing, designated the 124th Wing on 1 September 1996 with the activation of the 189th Airlift Squadron at Boise ANGB. The squadron, assigned to the 124th Operations Group, was a tactical airlift squadron, equipped with Lockheed C-130E Hercules transports. The 124th Wing, consisted of 18 units — two flying squadrons,15 support units at Gowen Field and an electronic combat training range control squadron assigned to Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho.
Tactical Airlift.
Prior to its activation as a squadron in 1995, the 189th Airlift Squadron was initially formed on 1 April 1984 as the 189th Tactical Reconnaissance Training Flight. Its mission was a Formal Training Unit (FTU) for aircrews being assigned to the 124th Tactical Reconnaissance (later Fighter) group flying RF-4C Phantom II reconnaissance and later F-4G Phantom II electronic warfare aircraft. On 16 March 1992 it was re-designated as the 189th Fighter Flight. The flight used 190th TFS/FS aircraft for its training mission.
With the retirement of the F-4Gs in 1995, the status of the unit was changed from a flight to a squadron, and it received C-130E aircraft for operational missions. The 189th supported countless deployments all over the world in support of the U.S. Southern Command, Operation Allied Force, Operation Southern Watch, Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. They also responded to winter weather disasters New Mexico and provided humanitarian support for Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.
The Airlift Squadron's awards include the Governor's Outstanding Unit Citation 1997, 1999, and 2005 as well as the Adjutant General Award 1998.
The 189th Airlift Squadron was inactivated as a result of the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Act on 18 October 2009. Many of the members who were part of the squadron were absorbed within the wing. With the inactivation of the 190th, the wing's designation was returned to the 124th Fighter Wing.
Close Air Support.
The Warthog, famous for its success against Iraqi armor in the Gulf War, provides close air support to troops on
the ground. Idaho’s A-10s were deployed during Operation Allied Force in 1999 when they flew combat missions over Kosovo and again in Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003. Already deployed to Kuwait in support of Operation Southern Watch, more than 250 personnel were mobilized in place. Idaho’s A-10s led combat search and rescue and close air support missions in the initial weeks and months of the war. Two 190th pilots received the Distinguished Flying Cross for their efforts. 
On 8 April 2003, an A-10A (USAF Serial Number '78-0691') of 124th Wing/190th FS was shot down while on a combat mission, reportedly by an Iraqi Roland SAM. The pilot successfully ejected, and was soon rescued by USAF Pararescue forces of the 301st ARRS.
The 190th Fighter Squadron also deployed in 2007 to Iraq, and 2008 to Afghanistan.
In 2009, the 124th Fighter Wing was selected a key installation to perform a new Consolidated Install Program for the entire active duty, Guard and Reserve A-10 fleet. A crew of more than 50 full-time personnel performed several
important modifications and upgrades to more than 200 A-10 aircraft.
Invasion of Iraq friendly fire incident.
As part of the invasion of Iraq and supporting the British portion of that operation called Operation Telic, on March 28, 2003 two 124th Wing A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft from the 190th Fighter Squadron flew a mission to destroy artillery and rocket launchers from Iraq's 6th Armor Division, dug in north of Basra. During the mission, the two A-10 aircraft mistakenly attacked a patrol of four armored vehicles from D Squadron of the British Blues and Royals of the Household Cavalry that were supporting the 16 Air Assault Brigade in Operation Telic. As a result of the attack by the 190th A-10 aircraft, British Lance-Corporal of Horse Matty Hull was killed and five of his colleagues were injured, four seriously.

</doc>
<doc id="9651450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651450" title="Cabarrus County Land Records">
Cabarrus County Land Records

Cabarrus County Land Records is a division of Tax Administration, a department of Cabarrus County Government. Land Records is responsible for creating and maintaining property records for all parcels in the county. Cabarrus County Land Records along with Cabarrus County Information Technology Services developed CLaRIS (Cabarrus County Land Records Information System), and award winning public access and inquiry system for citizens to look at and use land records data.
References
[http://www.cabarruscounty.us/tax/landrecords.html]
[http://www.cabarruscounty.us/claris]

</doc>
<doc id="9651466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651466" title="Yu Hai (footballer)">
Yu Hai (footballer)

Yu Hai (; born 4 June 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Starting his professional football career with Shaanxi Chanba, Yu Hai would make his debut against Qingdao Etsong on 16 May 2004 in a 2-2 draw. Despite predominately playing as a substitute throughout the season, he played a significant part in Shaanxi's third place finish at the end of the season. By the following 2005 league season, he was establishing himself as a rising potential within the team and was starting in considerably more games within the team.
His agent Edmund Chu, who also represents Du Wei, would oversee Yu's move to Vitesse where he would make his debut in the Eredivisie on 18 March 2007 in a 2-0 defeat against FC Utrecht. His time at Vitesse was to prove unsuccessful as he was unable to establish himself within the team. He was released from Vitesse after the 2008 Summer Olympics, due to cruciate ligament damage in his left knee which suffered in July 2008.
Yu returned to Shaanxi Chanba at the beginning of the 2009 season where he played in twenty-nine league games and scored three goals at the end of the season. For the next few seasons, he was a firm regular for the side and at the beginning of the 2012 season he would be part of the team which decided to move cities when the team moved to Guizhou and renamed themselves Guizhou Renhe.
International career.
Yu Hai was a member of the Chinese under-23 national team and was expected to lead the team in the 2008 Summer Olympics, however he was dropped from the team due to cruciate ligament damage. He would still eventually grauduate to the senior team when he returned to Chinese football and gained regular playing time with Shaanxi Chanba, his form for the club would see him make his international debut against Saudi Arabia on 4 June 2009 in a 4-1 loss coming on as a substitute for Wang Xinxin. Despite the defeat, Yu would go on to establish himself as the team's first choice left-winger and go on to be included in the squad that won the 2010 East Asian Football Championship. This would then lead to a call-up for the squad that took part in the 2011 AFC Asian Cup.
Honours.
Club.
Guizhou Renhe
International.
China PR national football team

</doc>
<doc id="9651474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651474" title="Negro Ensemble Company">
Negro Ensemble Company

The Negro Ensemble Company is a New York City-based theater company. Established in 1967 by playwright Douglas Turner Ward, producer/actor Robert Hooks, and theater manager Gerald S. Krone, the company focuses on themes in "black life".
In 2005, the ensemble was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
History.
The NEC has its genesis in the 1965 production by the Group Theatre Workshop of two one-act plays by Douglas Turner Ward, "Happy Ending" and "Day of Absence", that ran for 15 months Off-Broadway and were popular and critical successes. Robert Hooks was the producer, Gerald S. Krone the producer/manager, and Philip Meister the director. Ward won an Obie Award for acting and a Drama Desk Award for writing. The company's combination professional theater group and training program, located at St. Mark's Place, started (with funds from the Ford Foundation) on May 14, 1967, when Hooks knocked down the walls of his village apartment to teach young actors such as Hattie Winston. The NEC's first production was at St. Mark's Playhouse in New York's Greenwich Village. It was produced by the Group Theatre Workshop, founded by Robert Hooks, in the summer of 1964 and again in November 1965 through January 1967.
Invited by "New York Times" to write an article in 1966 on the condition of black artists in American theater, Ward explained: "...that until there was a Black-oriented theatre of some permanence, the vagaries of the commercial and non-commercial White theatre would not allow our participation on a regular basis -- and that the least of what was needed was Black autonomy, a theatre where Black artists could decide and promote and oversee their own destiny in the theatre. Out of this came the plan of The Negro Ensemble Company."
He further wrote:
This cutting-edge, Black theater showing a variety of experiences from a Black point of view that was the NEC was located downtown and competitive with other downtown NYC theatres. Original members of the Resident Company in 1968 were: Frances Foster, Rosalind Cash, Moses Gunn, William Jay Marshall, Arthur French, Esther Rolle, Clarice Taylor, Allie Woods, Hattie Winston, Anita Wilson, Mari Toussaint, Samuel Blue, Jr, Damon Brazwell, Norman Bush and Julius Harris; production stage manager, Edmund Cambridge and stage manager, James S. Lucas. Original Training Program Faculty were: John Blair, Lonne Elder, Margaret Harris, Luther James, Louis Johnson, Kristin Linklater, Ron Mack, Paul Mann, Lloyd Richards, Michael A. Schultz, Charles Vincent; Assistants: steve carter, Robbie McCauley, Cleo Quitman, Gloria Schultz.
By 1969, the company had won the Drama Desk Award, Vernon Rice Award, Lambda Kappa Mu Citation, Brandeis University Creative Arts Award and the Tony Award. Since then the Theater moved to Theatre 4 on 55th St between 9th and 10 Avenues in NYC with many acclaimed alumni, including Angela Bassett, Keith David, Adolph Caesar, Graham Brown, Samuel L. Jackson, Delroy Lindo, Carol Maillard, Michelle Shay, L. Scott Caldwell, Phylicia Rashad, Barbara Montgomery, Ching Valdez, Robert Aberdeen, Count Stovall, Charles Weldon, Malik Yoba, Laurence Fishburne, Lou Gossett, Jr., designers: Judy Dearing, Myrna Collie Lee, Charles McClennahan, Shirley Pendergast, Marie McKinney-Poncé, Stephanie S. Hughley, Ves Weaver, Lisa Watson.
The "NEC Monthly Meet" was launched in 2009 (by Marie McKinney)at The Riverside Church, in an effort to empower professional actors, writers, directors, and technical professionals to meet, partner, create and perform on an ongoing basis. Participants in the NEC Monthly Meets receive free training in arts business and management, arts skills and career development on teams and meet with key artist service organization staff.
NEC's award-winning instructors Leslie Lee, Erik Kilpatrick, Marie McKinney-Poncé, Laurence Holder and other experts provide training in acting, play writing, traditional arts and culture, and business skills. Techniques based on Michael Chekhov, Bea Richards, Cicely Berry, Stella Adler, Stanislavsky methods are used to expand the professional actor's abilities in character development, voice production and articulation, dramaturgy, period work, dialects, classic world literature, and improvisation. Like the original NEC training program, current workshops and labs explore basic elements of African, Native and Latin Dance and music, martial arts. NEC Training Program participants are encouraged to do weekly field research exploring the African's role in world history through field trips to collect samples of dialects and living culture in action, also fact-finding at research libraries and museums. Their finds are shared with the group to give the actors a variety of tools to powerfully express their unique voice.
The NEC Classic Play Readings come from original works by emerging playwrights in both the NEC Training Program's Play Writing and Acting Workshops and the NEC archives. The NEC Archives feature writers including: Paul Carter Harrison, Alice Childress, Derek Walcott, Ed Bullins, Gail Davis, Charles Fuller, Pearl Cleage, Douglas Turner Ward, Leslie Lee, Maggie Lee Hunkins, Ali Walduo, Joseph A Walker, Lennox Brown, Steve Carter, Hal DeWindt, Ron Milner, Loften Mitchell, Peter Weiss, Yvette Evans, Trevor Rhone. Plays from the NE Archives and Emerging Actor's and Playwrights from the NEC Training Program are presented regularly.
Arts-in-Education program.
NEC's Arts-in-Education program founded by O. L. Duke, Robert Whaley and Marie McKinney-Poncé features classic shows and residencies facilitated by professional performers for elementary, middle and high school students in the NYC public school system. 10-20 week residencies are custom designed to augment the school's curriculum, through hands-on participation in artistic, literary and technical skills. Students created TV productions including original music, writing and choreography were aired on MNN cable network, live performances, newsletters and middle school students were included in on-the job training.
Website.
The website "www.necartz.org" was started in August 2008 to connect professional performing artists with resources to produce their work as creative entrepreneurs. Information on grants and opportunities, artist service organizations, events, workshops, articles, social networking and other resources are included on "www.necartz.org" and during NEC Monthly Meets at Riverside, founded and facilitated by Marie McKinney. Internships and on the job training are available at the Negro Ensemble Company offices.

</doc>
<doc id="9651482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651482" title="Vitamin C megadosage">
Vitamin C megadosage

Vitamin C megadosage is a term describing the consumption or injection of vitamin C (ascorbate) in doses comparable to the amounts produced by the livers of most other mammals. Such dosages correspond to amounts well beyond the current Dietary Reference Intake. Oral dosages are usually divided and consumed in portions over the day. Injections of hundreds of grams per day are advocated by some physicians for the treatment of certain conditions, poisonings, or recovery from trauma. People who practice vitamin C megadosage may consume many vitamin C pills throughout each day or dissolve pure vitamin C crystals in water or juice and drink it throughout the day.
Vitamin C megadoses are claimed by alternative medicine advocates including Matthias Rath and Patrick Holford to have preventative and curative effects on diseases such as cancer and AIDS, but there is no scientific evidence to back these claims. Some trials show some effect in combination with other therapies, but this does not imply vitamin C megadoses in themselves have therapeutic effect.
Background.
The World Health Organization recommends a daily intake of 45 milligrams (mg)/day of vitamin C for healthy adults, and 25-30 mg/day in infants Vitamin C is necessary for production of collagen and other biomolecules, and for the prevention of scurvy. Vitamin C is an antioxidant, which has led to its endorsement by some researchers as a complementary therapy for improving quality of life. Since the 1930s, when it first became available in pure form, some physicians have experimented with higher than recommended vitamin C consumption or injection. Primates, including humans, and guinea pigs do not synthesize vitamin C internally. 
Vitamin C has been promoted in alternative medicine as a treatment for the common cold, cancer, polio and various other illnesses. The evidence for these claims is mixed. Orthomolecular-based megadose recommendations for vitamin C are based mainly on theoretical speculation and observational studies, such as those published by Fred R. Klenner from the 1940s through the 1970s. There is a strong advocacy movement for such doses of vitamin C, and there is an absence of large scale, formal trials in the 10 to 200+ grams per day range. The single repeatable side effect of oral megadose vitamin C is a mild laxative effect if the practitioner attempts to consume too much too quickly. A tolerable upper limit (UL) of vitamin C was set at 2 grams for the first time in the year 2000, referencing this mild laxative effect as the reason for establishing the UL.
Conditions.
Cancer.
The use of vitamin C in high doses as a treatment for cancer was promoted by Linus Pauling, based on a 1976 study published with Ewan Cameron which reported intravenous vitamin C significantly increased lifespans of patients with advanced cancer. This trial was criticized by the National Cancer Institute for being designed poorly, and three subsequent trials conducted at the Mayo Clinic could not replicate these results.
More recently, "in vitro" data in animal models suggests intravenous ascorbic acid at high doses may hold some promise in the treatment of cancer; however, this has not been supported in more rigorous clinical trials in humans. Preliminary clinical trials in humans have shown that it is unlikely to be a "miracle pill" for cancer and more research is necessary before any definitive conclusions about efficacy can be reached. A 2010 review of 33 years of research on vitamin C to treat cancer stated "we have to conclude that we still do not know whether Vitamin C has any clinically significant antitumor activity. Nor do we know which histological types of cancers, if any, are susceptible to this agent. Finally, we don't know what the recommended dose of Vitamin C is, if there is indeed such a dose, that can produce an anti-tumor response."
The American Cancer Society has stated, "Although high doses of vitamin C have been suggested as a cancer treatment, the available evidence from clinical trials has not shown any benefit."
Burns.
One study performed in 2000 used high intravenous doses of vitamin C (66 mg/kg/hour over 24 hours, for a total dose of around 110 grams) after severe burn injury, but despite being described as promising, it has not been replicated by independent institutions and thus is not a widely accepted treatment. Based on that study, the American Burn Association (ABA) considers high dose ascorbic acid an option to be considered for adjuvant therapy in addition to the more accepted standard treatments. However, one medical review article noted vitamin C at the doses studied can be toxic, and recommended further validation by future studies before this therapy is clinically used.
Possible adverse effects.
Although sometimes considered free of toxicity, there are known side effects from vitamin C intake, and it has been suggested that intravenous injections should require "a medical environment and trained professionals."
Side effects.
Blood levels of vitamin C remain steady at approximately 200 mg per day. Although vitamin C can be well tolerated at doses well above the RDA recommendations, adverse effects can occur at doses above 3 grams per day though overload is unlikely. The common 'threshold' side effect of megadoses is diarrhea. Other possible adverse effects include increased oxalate excretion and kidney stones, increased uric-acid excretion, systemic conditioning ("rebound scurvy"), preoxidant effects, iron overload, reduced absorption of vitamin B12 and copper, increased oxygen demand, and acid erosion of the teeth with chewing ascorbic-acid tablets. In addition, one case has been noted of a woman who had received a kidney transplant followed by high-dose vitamin C and died soon afterwards as a result of calcium oxalate deposits that destroyed her new kidney. Her doctors concluded that high-dose vitamin C therapy should be avoided in patients with renal failure.
Chance of overdose.
As discussed previously, vitamin C generally exhibits low toxicity. The (the dose that will kill 50% of a population) is generally accepted to be 11900 milligrams [11.9 grams] per kilogram in rat populations.
Conflicts with prescription drugs.
Pharmaceuticals designed to reduce stomach acid, such as the proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs), are among the most widely-sold drugs in the world. One PPI, omeprazole (Prilosec), has been found to lower the bioavailability of vitamin C by 12% after 28 days of treatment, independent of dietary intake. The probable mechanism of vitamin C reduction, intragastric pH elevated into alkalinity, would apply to all other PPI drugs, though not necessarily to doses of PPIs low enough to keep the stomach slightly acidic. In another study, 40 mg/day of omeprazole lowered the fasting gastric vitamin C levels from 3.8 to 0.7 µg/mL.
Aspirin may also inhibit the absorption of vitamin C.
Advocacy.
Since its discovery, vitamin C has been considered almost a panacea by some, although this led to suspicions of it being overhyped by others.
Humans and higher primates, as well as guinea pigs and small number of other animal species, carry a mutated and ineffective form of the enzyme L-gulonolactone oxidase, the fourth and last step in the ascorbate-producing machinery. This mutation likely occurred 40 to 25 million years ago (in the anthropoids lineage). The three surviving enzymes continue to produce the precursors to vitamin C, but the process is incomplete and the body then disassembles them.
In the 1960s, the Nobel-Prize-winning chemist Linus Pauling, after contact with Irwin Stone, began actively promoting vitamin C as a means to greatly improve human health and resistance to disease. His book "How to Live Longer and Feel Better" was a bestseller and advocated taking more than 10 grams per day orally, thus approaching the amounts released by the liver directly into the circulation in other mammals: an adult goat, a typical example of a vitamin-C-producing animal, will manufacture more than 13,000 mg of vitamin C per day in normal health and much more when stressed.
Matthias Rath is a controversial German physician who worked with and published two articles discussing the possible relationship between lipoprotein and vitamin C with Pauling. He is an active proponent and publicist for high-dose vitamin C. Pauling's and Rath's extended theory states that deaths from scurvy in humans during the ice age, when vitamin C was scarce, selected for individuals who could repair arteries with a layer of cholesterol provided by lipoprotein(a), a lipoprotein found in vitamin C-deficient species (higher primates and guinea pigs).
Stone and Pauling believe that the optimum daily requirement of vitamin C is around 2,300 milligrams for a human requiring 2,500 kcal a day.
Pauling criticized the established US Recommended Daily Allowance, pointing out that it is based on the known quantities that will prevent acute scurvy but is not necessarily the dosage for optimal health.
Regulation of vitamin C.
Regulation.
There are regulations in most countries that limit the claims on the treatment of disease that can be placed on food, drug, and nutrient product labels. Regulations include:

</doc>
<doc id="9651489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651489" title="Jelly bean rule">
Jelly bean rule

The "jelly bean rule" is a rule put forth by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on May 19, 1994.
It says that just because foods are low in fat, cholesterol, and sodium, they cannot claim to be "healthy" unless they contain at least 10 percent of the Daily Value(DV) of: vitamin A, vitamin C, calcium, protein, fiber, or iron. The FDA also made a policy that companies could not fortify foods with the sole intent of making that claim.
History.
The Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) is a United States Federal law that was signed in 1990. This law regulates nutrition labeling and nutrient content claims on foods regulated by the FDA. In 1993, health claim regulations were implemented to the NLEA. According to the NLEA, under 21 CFR §101.8, the general criteria that all health claims had to meet were:
The rule stating that food had to contain 10 percent DV without fortification of one of the six nutrients (Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Iron, Calcium, Protein, and Fiber) is commonly referred to as the Jelly Bean Rule. 
In 1993, the FDA amended the Act, recognizing that it prohibited certain healthy foods from making important health claims. Foods such as fruits and vegetables, enriched grain products, and most breads were exempted from this rule. Another claim exempted from the Jelly Bean Rule was the health claim that sugar alcohols could lead to dental caries.
Coca-Cola.
In 2009, the Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI), filed a lawsuit against the Coca-Cola Company for violating the Jelly Bean Rule. Coca-Cola was accused of making “deceptive and unsubstantiated claims” on its line of VitaminWater beverages. 
In the trial, the judge found the claims made on the packaging of VitaminWater to be misleading to consumers, leading them to believe that the consumption of the beverage would prevent disease, and provide general health.
Examples of such statements can be found on the “defense” flavour, which says on its packaging “… this combination of zinc and fortifying vitamins can help out … and keep you healthy as a horse”. The “focus” flavour says on its label that it contains vitamins and other nutrients that have been scientifically proven to reduce the risk of eye disease. 
The name VitaminWater itself was found to be deceptive, as it leads consumers to believe that it contains only vitamins and water, while in fact it contains 33 grams of sugar per bottle. This is comparable to a can of Coca-Cola, which contains 39 grams of sugar. CSPI states that the harmful impact of the 33 grams of sugar, such as obesity, diabetes, and other conditions, easily outweighs the benefits of the nutrients added to VitaminWater. 
In defense, Coca-Cola argued that the nutritional label clearly showed the amount of sugar found in each bottle, and that consumers could thus not be misled. 
In 2010, Coca-Cola’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit was denied, and the suit is going forward.

</doc>
<doc id="9651493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651493" title="Antigoni Goni">
Antigoni Goni

Antigoni Goni (born 1969 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek guitarist, recording artist, and concertizer, and the founder and Chair of the Pre-College Division of the Guitar Department at the Juilliard School
She studied with Evangelos Assimakopoulos at the National Conservatory of Athens, with John Mills at the Royal Academy of Music in London and extensively in master classes with Julian Bream. She continued her studies with Sharon Isbin at the Juilliard School in New York.
She has performed throughout the United States, Japan, Portugal, France, and other countries. Among the highlights of this past summer was a special concert with the Hannover Radio Orchestra at the famed Odeon of Herodes Atticus. Her career blossomed in the mid-1990s after winning the Guitar Foundation of America Competition, which resulted in some 65 concerts in North America and a contract with Naxos Records for which she has recorded three highly successful CDs.
Goni is a professor at the Royal Conservatory in Brussels, and artist-in-residence for San Francisco Performances. She was Chairman of the Guitar Department at Juilliard Pre-College Division between 1995 and 2004, and she currently holds positions at Columbia University and the Royal Academy of Music in London, splitting her time between both coasts of the United States, Brussels and Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="9651501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651501" title="The Power of Lard">
The Power of Lard

The Power of Lard is the 1989 EP released by Lard.

</doc>
<doc id="9651517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651517" title="Hydrocodone/paracetamol">
Hydrocodone/paracetamol

Hydrocodone/paracetamol, hydrocodone/acetaminophen, or hydrocodone/APAP (or under brand names such as Lortab, Norco or Vicodin) is a combination opioid narcotic analgesic drug consisting of hydrocodone and paracetamol (acetaminophen) used to relieve moderate to severe pain.
Formulations.
Hydrocodone/paracetamol is a two-ingredient combination formula consisting of the narcotic hydrocodone and the analgesic paracetamol.
Medical uses.
Hydrocodone/paracetamol is indicated for relief of moderate to moderately severe pain of acute, chronic, or post-operative types.
Side-effects.
Common side-effects of narcotic analgesics are nausea, vomiting, constipation, and dry-mouth.
Non-medical uses.
Hydrocodone diversion and recreational use has escalated in recent years. In 2009 and 2010, hydrocodone was the second-most-frequently encountered opioid pharmaceutical in drug evidence submitted to U.S. federal, state, and local forensic laboratories as reported by DEA’s National Forensic Laboratory Information System (NFLIS) and System to Retrieve Information from Drug Evidence (STRIDE).
Market.
In 2007, 99% of hydrocodone was consumed in the United States. Hydrocodone was the most commonly prescribed opiate in the United States as of 2012. One hundred and forty-two million prescriptions were dispensed in the US for hydrocodone-combination products and hydrocodone/acetaminophen combination was the most common of those.
Pharmacodynamics.
Hydrocodone: hydrocodone acts at μ-opioid receptors. Hydrocodone is metabolized to hydromorphone by the activity of cytochrome P450 2D6. Cytochrome 3A4 forms the substrate norhydrocodone. Note that this conversion is only somewhat responsible for the effects of hydrocodone. Hydrocodone passes through the blood–brain barrier (BBB) because of its modifications. The brain is typically where the analgesic effects are being carried out. Many of the side-effects of this drug are caused by the fact that it so readily crosses the blood–brain barrier. The half-life of hydrocodone is approximately 3.8 hrs. 
The major active metabolites of paracetamol are sulphates and glucuronide conjugates. Its main mode of action is to inhibit the activity of the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX). COX enzymes are necessary for the production of prostaglandins. Prostaglandins are a form of hormone (although rarely classified as such) that are indicated to be mediators of pain, fever, and inflammation. The half-life of paracetamol may be measured either by salivary or by plasma counts. Both measurements give a varying half-life between 1 and 4 hours. Peak levels are reached 40–60 minutes after ingestion. It has been proposed that paracetamol aids in the reduction of pain by increasing serotonergic neurotransmissions.
Regulatory status.
United States.
Hydrocodone containing combination products containing up to 15 mg of hydrocodone per dosage unit is listed in Schedule III medication in the United States
Politics.
Proposed U.S. ban.
On June 30, 2009, a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) advisory panel voted by a narrow margin to advise the FDA to remove Vicodin and another painkiller Percocet from the market because of "a high likelihood of overdose from prescription narcotics and acetaminophen products".
The panel cited concerns of liver damage from their acetaminophen component, which is also the main ingredient in commonly used nonprescription drugs such as Tylenol.
Each year, acetaminophen overdose is linked to about 400 deaths and 42,000 hospitalizations.
In January 2011, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration asked manufacturers of prescription combination products that contain acetaminophen to limit the amount of acetaminophen to no more than 325 milligrams (mg) in each tablet or capsule. Manufacturers will have three years to limit the amount of acetaminophen in their prescription drug products to 325 mg per dosage unit. The FDA also is requiring manufacturers to update labels of all prescription combination acetaminophen products to warn of the potential risk for severe liver injury.
Manufacture.
The opioid constituent hydrocodone has the same basic structure as morphine but is metabolized by different enzymes. Hydrocodone, like oxycodone, is an intermediate-strength analgesic that has similar effects as morphine; hydrocodone is approximately twice as potent as morphine by mouth for acute use. The theory of using the mix comes from the idea that these drugs alleviate pain using different mechanisms and also that the adverse side-effects of each separate drug are reduced by using reduced dosages of both drugs in order to get the same analgesic effect.
Both hydrocodone and paracetamol are white crystalline powders, which are then manufactured into tablet form. Manufacturers of hydrocodone include Abbott Laboratories (makers of trademark Vicodin), Amerisource Health Services Corp, Cardinal Health, Drx Pharmaceutical Consultants Inc, Eckerd Corp, Hospira Inc, Mallinckrodt Pharm. Quality Care, Pdrx Pharmaceuticals Inc, Physicians Total Care Inc, Rx Papoo
s Packaging Inc, and Watson Pharmaceuticals.
Hydrocodone/paracetamol, in all strengths by all manufacturers, has been the #1 prescription filled in the US since 2002, with an estimated 136.7 million prescriptions filled in 2011.
References.
In the television show "House M.D." the main character, Dr. Gregory House, uses Vicodin on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="9651518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651518" title="Get Physical Music">
Get Physical Music

Get Physical Music is a Berlin based electronic music record label founded in 2002 by M.A.N.D.Y. (Patrick Bodmer & Philipp Jung), DJ T (Thomas Koch) and Booka Shade (Walter Merziger, Arno Kammermeier & Peter Hayo). They were DJ Magazine's "Label of the Year" for 2005. In 2006 Pitchfork Media said that the label "increasingly resembles early Warp in its elevation of club dynamics to a steely art form."

</doc>
<doc id="9651520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651520" title="Matanza (band)">
Matanza (band)

Matanza is a Brazilian rock band from Rio de Janeiro. Their music is a blend of hardcore punk, country and heavy metal, thus forming the genre that the media titled countrycore.
Biography.
Matanza was conceived in 1996 by Jimmy London and Donida, with the idea of exploring the simple and straightforward melodies of the early career of the American singer Johnny Cash, adapted to the drum tempo of Scottish punk band The Exploited. With drummer and bassist Nervoso and Diba, they recorded a demo in 1998 called "Terror em Dashville".
In 1999, a new recording would attract the attention of producer Rafael Ramos, and lead Matanza to sign with the now-defunct Abril Music for the release of their first CD. With China on the bass, "Santa Madre Cassino" was recorded in December 2000 and released in March the following year, shortly before the band was dropped by their record label for the lack of a radio hit.
Matanza then brought Rafael Ramos of Deckdisc to the studio to record their second album, "Música para Beber e Brigar" ("Music to Drink and Brawl"), with Fausto on the drums this time. Album highlights are "Pé na Porta, Soco na Cara" ("Foot to the Door, Fist to the Face") and "Bom é Quando Faz Mal" whose music videos were directed by Eduardo Kurt, who was also responsible for "Ela Roubou Meu Caminhão" ("She Stole My Truck") from the first album, and all the videos from their tribute to Johnny Cash.
The project "To Hell with Johnny Cash" started out as a set of four songs the band would play at their shows but in a short time grew to a full 12-track album, containing only covers of Johnny Cash songs. In early 2005, with the emergence of new media, the project became a CD-DVD, recognized as the first DualDisc title of a Brazilian artist in the country.
Recorded in mid-2006 and released in October of that year, "A Arte do Insulto" ("The Art of Insult") revealed a vastly more professional band, able to face the road in a way inconceivable in their early career. The seriousness of the music was expressed in the tone of the lyrics, the weight of the composition and intensity of their live shows, which would later become a DVD. Promotion of the album also included the video for "Clube dos Canalhas" ("Scoundrels' Club") directed by Rudi Lagemann and shot by Tuca Andrade, as well as the magazine Matanza Comix with comics by Alan Sieber, Arnold White, Daniel Ete, among others, Donida himself being the editor of the publication.
The record "MTV Apresenta Matanza" recorded at Hangar 110 in December 2008 and directed by Romi Atarashi, featured Jonas on drums and marks the transition to a new phase. Guitarist Donida left the stage to devote himself exclusively to composing the band's music. He was replaced onstage by Mauricio Nogueira (Ex-Torture Squad).
Five years after "A Arte do Insulto" Matanza released "Odiosa Natureza Humana" ("Hateful Human Nature") in March on Deckdisc. Work on the fifth studio album (and fourth of new material) began in 2010 and was recorded in three days, live to tape (no digital recording), produced by Rafael Ramos. 
In their fifteen-year career, they have released six CDs and a DVD and performed an annual average of ninety concerts.
Style and Influences.
Frequent topics in the band's sarcastic and cynical lyrics are hatred, violence, alcohol and women. They have a "Wild West" atmosphere. The media dubbed the style created by the band as "country-core". The band members are fans of Johnny Cash, and in 2005 they recorded an album of covers of songs from the early stage of his career, dubbed "To Hell With Johnny Cash". In their 2006 album, "A Arte do Insulto", Matanza explores various aspects of traditional Irish music. Other major influences include: Motörhead, Slayer, Dropkick Murphys and The Exploited, basically, extreme metal and punk rock bands.
The main songwriters are Donida and Jimmy London.
Discography.
"Terror em Dashville".
"Terror em Dashville" is the original demo tape by Matanza, released in 1998 only in cassette version.
Track listing:
Side projects.
The bassist and the guitarist, Donida and China, have a side project called Enterro (Burial). It's a black metal band and released its first album in 2008, "Nunc Scio Tenebris Lux".
Donida edited the band's magazine "Matanza Comix" in mid-2007.
Jimmy London was involved with a series of programs on MTV Brasil. In addition to Rockgol, where the whole band participated in a soccer tournament, Jimmy presented the program Pimp My Ride Brazil in 2007, and did voice work for cartoons. He also participated in a song with the band Rock Rocket, called "Eu Queria me Casar".

</doc>
<doc id="9651527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651527" title="Church of Saint George, Lod">
Church of Saint George, Lod

The Church of Saint George ( Hebrew: כנסיית גאורגיוס הקדוש קוטל הדרקון) is the major shrine for the fourth-century Christian martyr Saint George (الخضر Al-Khidr in Arabic) and is located in Lod, Israel. The current church, built in 1870, shares space with the El-Khidr Mosque.
Toward the end of the nineteenth century, the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem received permission from the Ottoman authorities to build a church on the site of a previous basilica. The church is built over an earlier 15th century AD structure, and occupies the north end of the nave and left-hand aisle of the earlier church, from which there survive two apses - which, contrary to the normal rule, face north rather than east.
The Ottoman authorities stipulated, that part of the plot be made available for a mosque. Consequently the current Church of St. George incorporates only the northeast corner of the Byzantine basilica. The prayer hall of the adjacent mosque contains a column that once stood in the nave of the basilica. The church contains the sarcophagus of St George.

</doc>
<doc id="9651530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651530" title="Plymouth Cabana">
Plymouth Cabana

The Plymouth Cabana was a 1958 concept car. It was a station wagon the featured a unique glass roof for the rear portion of the car.

</doc>
<doc id="9651531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651531" title="125th Fighter Wing">
125th Fighter Wing

The 125th Fighter Wing (125 FW) is a unit of the Florida Air National Guard, stationed at Jacksonville Air National Guard Base, Florida. If activated to federal service with the United States Air Force, the 125 FW is gained by the Air Combat Command.
Overview.
As an Air National Guard unit, the 125th Fighter Wing has a dual mission - one state and one federal. The state mission under Title 32 of the United States Code (Title 32 USC) is to provide trained and equipped personnel to protect life and property and to preserve peace, order, and public safety under the Governor of the State of Florida as part of the Florida Air National Guard. The federal mission under Title 10 USC is to provide fully trained and qualified personnel to the Commander, United States Northern Command (USNORTHCOM) / North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) in time of war or national emergency for the defense of the North American continent, with operational claimancy for the 125 FW as a U.S. Air Force unit falling to the Air Combat Command (ACC). The 125 FW is also available to other combatant commanders for forward deployment in order to perform air superiority/air dominance missions in other theaters outside of the United States.
In addition to its primary installation, the Jacksonville Air National Guard Base at Jacksonville International Airport, the 125 FW also maintains an alert detachment of F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft at Detachment 1, 125 FW, Operating Location AA (OL-AA) at Homestead Air Reserve Base in South Florida. The overall wing organization comprises over 1100 citizen airmen in a combination of full-time Active Guard and Reserve (AGR) and Air Reserve Technicians (ART) and traditional part-time drilling air guardsman (TG) categories.
History.
On 1 July 1956, the Florida Air National Guard's 159th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 125th Fighter-Interceptor Group was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 159th FIS becoming the group's flying squadron. Other squadrons assigned into the group were the 125th Headquarters, 125th Material Squadron (Maintenance), 125th Combat Support Squadron, and the 125th USAF Dispensary.
With the establishment of the 125th FIG, the unit converted to the F-86D Super Sabre with the primary mission of continental air defense of the southeastern United States. In 1958, the 125th became the first Air National Guard unit to earn the right to compete in the Air Defense Command's annual WILLIAM TELL Weapons Meet, and was the first team ever to fire a perfect score in that competition.
In July 1960, the 125th converted from the F-86D to the all-weather, supersonic F-102A and F-102B Delta Dagger. In 1971, following completion of the new Jacksonville International Airport, the 125 FIG relocated from the Jacksonville Imeson Airport to a newly constructed military installation, the current Jacksonville Air National Guard Base, at the new airport. With the concurrent closure of Imeson Airport to all flight operations and its conversion to an industrial park, the 125 FIG vacated its former facilities and turned over same to the City of Jacksonville.
In 1965, given increased Soviet Air Force aircraft operations in Cuba, the 125 FIG established Operating Location Alfa Alfa (OL-AA) and 125 FIG, Detachment 1, at Homestead AFB, Florida to provide air defense ready alert fighter aircraft in the southern portion of Florida. This same alert detachment continues operations today at the present day Homestead ARB with 125th aircraft, pilots and support personnel periodically rotated from home station in Jacksonville. 
In January 1968, Air Defense Command was renamed Aerospace Defense Command (ADC) and continued to be the 125 FIG's gaining command.
In July 1974, the 125 FIG converted to the F-106A and F-106B Delta Dart. Only one year after the F-106 conversion, the unit again earned the right to compete that year's annual Air Force air-to-air weapons competition, "WILLIAM TELL ‘76", at Tyndall AFB, Florida.
In March 1980, ADC was inactivated and the air defense mission transferred to Tactical Air Command (TAC). TAC then became the gaining command for the 125 FIG.
In April 1987, the 125th converted to the F-16A and F-16B Fighting Falcon, a multi-role fighter that was subsequently modified as the F-16ADF, specifically designed for the Air Defense role. The 125th was the first ANG unit to assume NORAD Air Defense Alert with the F-16ADF, the first operational F-16ADF unit to employ the AIM-7 Sparrow III missile and the first F-16ADF unit to sit alert with the AIM-7 missile.
With the disestablishment of Tactical Air Command (TAC) in 1992, the 125 FIG's gaining command changed to the newly created Air Combat Command (ACC). As part of this change, the unit's designation was changed to 125th Fighter Group (125 FG). With creation of the USAF "objective wing" construct in the early 1990s, the bulk of all Air National Guard groups with operational flying missions were redesignated as wings. As a result, the 125 FG was subsequently redesignated as the 125th Fighter Wing (125 FW), the designation it continues to hold today.
In June 1995, the 125 FW converted to the F-15A and F-15B Eagle, a fighter which added air superiority capability to the Air Defense Mission. During the late 1990s, the 125 FW was also fully integrated into the USAF Air and Space Expeditionary Force (AEF) construct and routinely deployed aircraft and personnel to the 363rd Air Expeditionary Wing at Prince Sultan Air Base, Al Kharj, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in support of Operation SOUTHERN WATCH, enforcing the No Fly Zone over southern Iraq. Since 11 Sep 2001, the wing has also been extensively involved in Operation NOBLE EAGLE, performing its historic continental air defense mission, as well as continuing to deploy aircraft and personnel to U.S. Central Command Air Forces (USCENTAF), later renamed U.S. Air Forces Central (USAFCENT), in Southwest Asia in support of Operations ENDURING FREEDOM and IRAQI FREEDOM. 
On a daily basis, the 125 FW is responsible for the maintenance of a USNORTHCOM / NORAD Air Defense Alert mission at both its home station in Jacksonville, Florida and at an additional operating location at Homestead ARB, Florida. In this capacity, the wing provides armed F-15 aircraft capable of intercepting, identifying, and, if necessary, destroying unknown aircraft which penetrate sovereign U.S. airspace. In the past, this threat has included Soviet Tu-95 Bear bombers, various Soviet-built Cuban Air Force fighters, and civilian narcotics traffickers of various nationalities.
When it initially converted to the Air Defense Fighter (ADF) variant of the F-16A, the 125 FW was the first operational NORAD Air Defense Alert unit to employ the AIM-7 Sparrow III missile, the first F-16ADF unit to sit alert with the AIM-7, and the first unit to deploy to the former Howard AFB, Panama in support of JCS-directed operation CORONET NIGHTHAWK using enhanced identification tactics. In October 1995, the 125 FW became the first unit ever to complete a transition from one fourth generation fighter to another fourth generation fighter as it transitioned from the F-16ADF to the F-15A/B. In April 1997, the 125 FW became the first Air Defense Unit to employ as Blue Air in an Offensive Counter Air (OCA) role, integrated with an active duty unit during a Red Flag exercise at Nellis AFB, Nevada.
The 125 FW was rated “Outstanding” during an Alert Force Evaluation by the North American Aerospace Defense Command Inspector General in November 1997. This was the highest rating ever given by NORAD. In January 1998, the 125th Fighter Wing received an “Outstanding” on its Operational Readiness Inspection (ORI). During this period, the wing also participated in Operation Southern Watch, routinely deploying to Prince Sultan Air Base, Saudi Arabia for operational relief of Regular Air Force F-15C/D units. In 2000, the wing began transitioning to the F-15A/B Multistage Improvement Program (MSIP) variant of the F-15A and F-15B Eagle, and in 2006 transitioned again to the newer F-15C and F-15D models of the Eagle.
The 125 FW also operates a single WC-130H Hercules aircraft for logistical support of the wing, geographically separated units (GSUs) of the Florida Air National Guard and additional "as needed" airlift support to the Florida Army National Guard. The 125 FW also operates C-26B aircraft in support of state and federal law enforcement agencies under Title 32 USC authority.
The 125 FW recently participated in Red Flag (USAF) at Nellis AFB, Nevada, as part of its on-going readiness program.

</doc>
<doc id="9651542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651542" title="Dita Indah Sari">
Dita Indah Sari

Dita Indah Sari (born 30 December 1972 in Medan, North Sumatra) is an Indonesian trade union and socialist activist. As a human rights campaigner during the Suharto regime, she was sentenced to 5 years imprisonment in 1996 on the charge of sedition. During her imprisonment, she was named a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International.
After her release in 1999 she was elected Chairperson by the Congress of the National Front for Indonesian Workers Struggle (FNPBI). She was awarded the 2001 Ramon Magsaysay Award for Emergent Leadership. In 2002 she refused a $50,000 human rights award from Reebok as a form of protest for what she considers is the company's poor record on the issue of workers rights. Politically she is the leader of the PRD, a socialist party within the broader Papernas alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="9651551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651551" title="Walt Rock">
Walt Rock

Walter Warfield Rock (born November 4, 1941 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League. Walt played in Super Bowl VII for the Washington Redskins and was a member of the "Over-the-Hill Gang". Rock was also a member on the NFL's All Star Team. Several injuries to his right ankle ended his twelve-year career with the NFL. He played college football at the University of Maryland and was drafted in the second round of the 1963 NFL Draft. Rock was also selected in the second round of the 1963 AFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="9651553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651553" title="Tottenham, Ontario">
Tottenham, Ontario

Tottenham is a community in the town of New Tecumseth, in south-central Ontario, Canada. It takes its name from its first postmaster, Alexander Totten. The Tottenham Conservation Area is a recreational facility in the village, which is also famous for its annual event, the Tottenham Bluegrass Festival. There is also a restored steam train that is a tourist attraction, taking passengers to Beeton and back. Tottenham is home to three schools: Tottenham Public School, Father F.X. O'reilly School, and Saint Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School.
The town was ravaged by a fire in 1895, which began at the McKinney foundry. Eighty structures were destroyed, including the foundry and a Methodist church. Despite warnings in 1884 that the town needed a fire engine, none was purchased. To combat the 1895 fire, the town of Allandale sent its fire engine, preventing further spread of the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="9651556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651556" title="Volunteer computing">
Volunteer computing

Volunteer computing is a type of distributed computing in which computer owners donate their computing resources (such as processing power and storage) to one or more "projects".
History.
The first volunteer computing project was the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search, which was started in January 1996. It was followed in 1997 by distributed.net. In 1997 and 1998, several academic research projects developed Java-based systems for volunteer computing; examples include Bayanihan, Popcorn, Superweb, and Charlotte.
The term "volunteer computing" was coined by Luis F. G. Sarmenta, the developer of Bayanihan. It is also appealing for global efforts on social responsibility, or Corporate Social Responsibility as reported in a Harvard Business Review or used in the Responsible IT forum.
In 1999, the SETI@home and Folding@home projects were launched. These projects received considerable media coverage, and each one attracted several hundred thousand volunteers.
Between 1998 and 2002, several companies were formed with business models involving volunteer computing. Examples include Popular Power, Porivo, Entropia, and United Devices.
In 2002, the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) project was founded at University of California, Berkeley Space Sciences Laboratory, funded by the National Science Foundation. BOINC provides a complete middleware system for volunteer computing, including a client, client GUI, application runtime system, server software, and software implementing a project web site. The first project based on BOINC was Predictor@home, based at the Scripps Research Institute, which began operation in 2004. Soon thereafter, SETI@home and ClimatePrediction.net began using BOINC. A number of new BOINC-based projects were created over the next few years, including Rosetta@home and Einstein@home. In 2007, IBM World Community Grid switched from the United Devices platform to BOINC.
Middleware for volunteer computing.
The client software of the early volunteer computing projects consisted of a single program that combined the scientific computation and the distributed computing infrastructure. This monolithic architecture was inflexible. For example, it was difficult to deploy new application versions.
More recently, volunteer computing has moved to middleware systems that provide a distributed computing infrastructure independent from the scientific computation. Examples include:
Most of these systems have the same basic structure: a client program runs on the volunteer's computer. It periodically contacts project-operated servers over the Internet, requesting jobs and reporting the results of completed jobs. This "pull" model is necessary because many volunteer computers are behind firewalls that do not allow incoming connections. The system keeps track of each user's "credit", a numerical measure of how much work that user's computers have done for the project.
Volunteer computing systems must deal with several issues involving volunteered computers: their heterogeneity, their churn (the tendency of individual computers to join and leave the network over time), their sporadic availability, and the need to not interfere with their performance during regular use.
In addition, volunteer computing systems must deal with problems related to correctness:
One common approach to these problems is replicated computing, in which each job is performed on at least two computers. The results (and the corresponding credit) are accepted only if they agree sufficiently.
Drawbacks for participants.
These effects may or may not be noticeable, and even if they are noticeable, the volunteer might choose to continue participating. However, the increased power consumption can be remedied to some extent by setting an option to limit the percentage of the processor used by the client, which is available in some client software.

</doc>
<doc id="9651560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651560" title="Space Jam (pinball)">
Space Jam (pinball)

Space Jam is a 1996 pinball machine released by Sega Pinball. It is based on the film of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="9651572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651572" title="American Eagle (Standard Comics)">
American Eagle (Standard Comics)

The American Eagle was a fictional superhero from the Golden Age of Comics. He first appeared in "Exciting Comics" #22 (October 1941), published by the Standard Comics imprint, Nedor Comics. American Eagle was revived by two others comics publishers: first AC Comics, and then by America's Best Comics, by writer Alan Moore as part of his "Tom Strong" comics and its spinoff "Terra Obscura."
Nedor Comics.
American Eagle was the secret identity of scientist Tom Standish. While performing experiments for the US government, he was accidentally exposed to a mysterious black ray. The ray gave him the powers of the Bald Eagle--flight, strength and (of course) patriotism. Standish used his powers to fight the Nazis and other enemies during World War II. He was accompanied by his young companion Bud Pierce who, as "Eaglet", had powers similar to the American Eagle.
Nedor Comics bibliography.
The American Eagle appeared in "Exciting Comics" 22-27, 29-38, 40-47, and 49-50; "The Fighting Yank" #18; and "America's Best Comics" (not to be confused with the later DC Comics imprint) 2, 6, 7, 10-12, and 14. The American Eagle's origin was explained in "America's Best Comics" #2 (September 1942).
AC Comics.
AC Comics has reused the Golden Age American Eagle in their revival of the Nedor Comics superheroes. He has appeared in issues of "The Fighting Yank", set during the 1950s.
America's Best Comics/DC.
The Golden Age version of the American Eagle was also revived by Alan Moore for his "Tom Strong" comics, published by America's Best Comics (now an imprint of DC Comics). Moore used the Nedor Comics public doman characters to populate Terra Obscura, the alternate universe version of Tom Strong's Earth. In Moore's story, the heroes had been placed in suspended animation in 1969, and were revived 30 years later by Tom Strong. The American Eagle made a brief appearance in "Tom Strong" #12 (June 2001).
The American Eagle is featured briefly in the "Terra Obscura" spinoff series. Issue #4 reveals that the American Eagle and Eaglet had been looking for the missing Captain Future, and had traced him to the lair of Dr. X. In the struggle that followed the American Eagle and Eaglet were both killed; their bodies were discovered three years later by the Scarab and the Liberator.

</doc>
<doc id="9651601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651601" title="Ingo Goritzki">
Ingo Goritzki

Ingo Goritzki (born 22 February 1939 in Berlin, Germany) is a German oboist, pianist, and flautist. He began his flute and piano studies in Freiburg, and switched to oboe as his primary instrument at age 20.
Career.
Goritzki plays both the modern oboe and the Baroque oboe, and has also played the cor anglais and heckelphone. He studied with Helmut Winschermann in Detmold and he had a long chamber music partnership with Pablo Casals and Sandor Vegh in Paris. He won prizes at national and international competitions in Birmingham, Prague, and Geneva. He was Principal Oboe at the Sinfonieorchester Basel (Switzerland) and Radio Frankfurt am Main.
In 1976, Goritzki received the professor post at the Staatliche Hochschule für Musik und Theater of Hannover and later at the Staatliche Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst of Stuttgart. He gives master classes worldwide, including Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart, Landesstiftung Villa Musica Mainz, Goethe-Institut Munich, Internationale Sommerakademie Salzburg, Internationales Festival Ticino Musica Locarno, Royal Academy of Music London, the Australian National Academy of Music, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9651602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651602" title="S. D. Warren Paper Mill">
S. D. Warren Paper Mill

S.D. Warren Paper Mill is a small mill built on the Presumpscot River in the 1730s in a rural and fairly unpopulated area. In 1854, that small paper mill, in the soon-to-be established town of Westbrook, Maine, was purchased for $28,000 by Samuel Dennis Warren. The mill was named Grant, Warren and Company. In that year, the mill was only running two paper machines and had a production output of about 3,000 pounds of paper per day. Nine years later in 1863, an additional machine was added to the mill, and the production increased to 11,000 pounds per day.
In 1854, paper was made by beating down rags and using the pulp from the rags. In 1867, after the mill changed its name to S.D. Warren Paper Mill Company, Warren decided to add wood fibers with rags fibers for paper, making it the first mill in the United States to do so. The mill became the largest in the world by doing so. By 1880, the mill produced 35,000 pounds of paper per day.
After S.D. Warren’s death in 1888, the mill continued to grow through the 20th century, employing close to 3,000 Westbrook residents.
In 1995, SAPPI Limited, a paper company out of South Africa paid $300 million for the mill, and outsourced most of the work in the mill to South Africa. The mill now only employs about 300 people, but continues to be a presence in the city of Westbrook.
Mill Rail Facilities.
Cumberland Mills was served by the Portland and Ogdensburg Railroad (later Maine Central Railroad) and the Portland and Rochester Railroad (later Boston and Maine Railroad). Horse-drawn wagons transferred freight between the mill and the railroads. The wagons rode on narrow gauge rails after 1874. Steam locomotives replaced the horses in 1895. The first three locomotives weighed 7 tons each, and carried 200 gallons of water. The locomotives were originally oil fueled; but were converted to burn coal after three employees died in an oil fire during refueling in 1921. Pulpwood was transported into the mill in 20-foot-long cars carrying 2 cords of pulpwood. There were 110 pulpwood cars in 1938 and the mill consumed 180 cords of pulpwood per day. Narrow gauge locomotives transferred 250 tons of coal per day to the mill boilers and transported ash from the boilers to a disposal pile.
The mill also used standard gauge locomotives after spur tracks were extended onto the mill property. The last standard gauge locomotive was sold to the Maine Central Railroad when Portland Terminal Company took over millyard switching work in 1929. The last gauge locomotives were sold in 1949 after conveyor systems were constructed to transport materials formerly moved in narrow gauge cars.

</doc>
<doc id="9651607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651607" title="Plymouth Explorer">
Plymouth Explorer

The Plymouth Explorer, was a 1954 concept car coupe. It was designed by Luigi Segre at Carrozzeria Ghia.

</doc>
<doc id="9651608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651608" title="Gaston College">
Gaston College

Gaston College is a community college located in Dallas, North Carolina.
Serving Gaston County and Lincoln County, Gaston College enrolls over 5,000 students each term in curriculum programs and about 16,000 students in continuing education programs. As part of the statewide North Carolina Community College System, Gaston College is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award Associate Degrees.
History.
Gaston College was granted a charter by the State of North Carolina in 1963 and began its first classes in temporary headquarters in September 1964. The college moved to its permanent campus on Highway 321 between Dallas and Gastonia two months later. The college opened with a single campus and has since expanded to three campuses serving approximately 30,000 students each year through over 100 programs leading to degrees, diplomas and certificates. 
Gaston College is an open-door public community college, located in Gaston and Lincoln counties, that promotes student success and lifelong learning through high caliber, affordable, and comprehensive educational programs and services responding to economic and workforce development needs. 
Courses are offered in four curriculum areas: Arts & Sciences; Health Education; Business & Information Technology; and Engineering & Industrial Technology. It also offers Economic & Workforce Development services in six areas: Corporate Education; BioEd Center; Small Business Center; Life Skills; Community Education; and Public Safety. It is the 9th largest of 58 institutions in the North Carolina Community College System and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS). 
More information on the history of Gaston College can be found in "BUILDING A FUTURE FROM THE PAST: THE HISTORY OF GASTON COLLEGE 1964-1999," a commemorative book written in celebration of college's 35th Anniversary. Copies of this book are available in the reference section at all three campus libraries.
Campus Locations.
Gaston College has three campuses and one regional training center:
Twelve buildings comprise the Dallas Campus and contain approximately . There is an efficient road system and parking for more than 2,000 cars. College facilities are available for public use. Gaston College is a commuter institution and does not have dormitories or housing for rent. .
The Lincoln Center of Gaston College was opened in August 1969. In 1987, it was relocated to the Lincoln County School of Technology in Lincolnton. The former Lincolnton High School was renovated by Gaston College to become the current Lincoln County Location. Classes were first held at Lincoln Campus in Spring 1999. The second Lincoln Campus building, Cochrane Science and Technology Building, was completed in January 2009. The lower level expansion was completed fall of 2011. The school of cosmetology became operational January 2012.
The North Carolina Vocational Textile School was approved in 1941 and began operation in 1943 in Belmont. It was later renamed the North Carolina Center for Applied Textile Technology. In 2005, the center was transferred to Gaston College and became the East Campus and Textile Technology Center. The Textile Technology Center offers new and sample product development, product testing, training, and consulting for the textile industry. Currently numerous continuing education and a few curriculum classes are offered on the campus.
The Regional Emergency Services Training Center is a five-story training facility used by fire, police, and emergency medical organizations. On surrounding grounds, there are nine propane and flammable liquids pits. The center gives Gaston College the opportunity to offer specialized training previously unavailable in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="9651610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651610" title="Jerome Groopman">
Jerome Groopman

Jerome Groopman has been a staff writer in medicine and biology for "The New Yorker" since 1998. He is also the Dina and Raphael Recanati Chair of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, Chief of Experimental Medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, and author of five books, all written for a general audience. He has published approximately 150 scientific articles and has written several Op-Ed pieces on medicine for "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", and "The New Republic".
Career.
Groopman received his BA and MD from Columbia University and was at the Massachusetts General Hospital for his internship and residency in internal medicine. This was followed by fellowships in hematology and oncology at the University of California and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston.
Much of Groopman’s research has focused on the basic mechanisms of cancer and AIDS. He did seminal work on identifying growth factors which may restore the depressed immune systems of AIDS patients. He performed the first clinical trials in a technique that augments blood cell production in immunodeficient HIV-infected patients and has been a major participant in the development of many AIDS-related therapies including AZT. Recently, Groopman has extended the research infrastructure in genetics and cell biology to studies in breast cancer and neurobiology.
Books.
The first book written by Groopman was "The Measure of Our Days", published in 1997. He also published "Second Opinions" in 2000 and "Anatomy of Hope" in 2004. His 2007 book "How Doctors Think" rapidly rose to the top of the New York Times bestseller list when it was released. He further wrote, with his wife, Pamela Hartzband, an endocrinologist, the book "Your Medical Mind" (2011). Groopman was the guest editor for the 2008 edition of the yearly anthology "The Best American Science and Nature Writing".
In popular culture.
The lead character in the 2000 TV series "Gideon's Crossing", played by Andre Braugher, was loosely based on Groopman and his book "The Measure of Our Days".

</doc>
<doc id="9651614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651614" title="Travis (surname)">
Travis (surname)

Travis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9651623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651623" title="Octávio Mateus">
Octávio Mateus

Octávio Mateus (born in 1975) is a Portuguese dinosaur paleontologist and biologist Professor of Paleontology at the Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova de Lisboa. He graduated in Universidade de Évora) and received his PhD at Universidade Nova de Lisboa in 2005. He collaborates with Museu da Lourinhã, known for their dinosaur collection.
Specialist in dinosaurs, he has studied Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Portugal, publishing several scientific articles.
He has named new dinosaur species such as "Lourinhanosaurus antunesi" (1998), "Dinheirosaurus lourinhanensis", "Tangvayosaurus hoffeti" (1999), "Draconyx loureiroi" (2001), "Lusotitan atalaiensis" (2003), "Europasaurus holgeri" (2006), and "Allosaurus europaeus" (2006), "Torvosaurus gurneyi" Hendrickx & Mateus, 2014.
Since 1991 Octávio Mateus has organized dinosaur excavations in Portugal, as well as excavating in Laos (Asian Southeast) with the French team of the Paris Museum of Natural History, led by Prof. Philippe Taquet. He has recently worked in Angola, where he discovered the first Angolan dinosaur in the scope of a project in the area of vertebrate paleontology of Angola.
He collaborates with diverse international scientific institutions as the scientific council member of the German foundation Verein zur Förderung der niedersächsischen Paläontologie.
He also studied dinosaur tracks and eggs, phytosaurs, chelonians, and whales.
In 2012 he integrated an expedition to the Triassic of Greenland in Jameson Land.

</doc>
<doc id="9651630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651630" title="The Measure of Our Days">
The Measure of Our Days

This book was written by Dr. Jerome Groopman and published by Penguin Books in October 1997. It was later serialized in "The New Yorker" and in "The Boston Globe Sunday Magazine". In 2000, it became the inspiration for the TV show "Gideon's Crossing", which was nominated for a Golden Globe.

</doc>
<doc id="9651639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651639" title="Ralf Gothóni">
Ralf Gothóni

Ralf Georg Nils Gothóni (born May 2, 1946, Rauma) is a Finnish pianist and conductor. He is also active as a chamber musician, professor, composer, and author. Born in Rauma, Finland he made his orchestra debut at age 15. Besides his worldwide concert career he has made some 100 recordings with major labels. He often performs in a double role conducting from the keyboard.
Ralf Gothóni studied the piano from the age of five, first with Tapani Valsta and later with Ervin László. Gothóni mentions Sviatoslav Richter and Arthur Rubinstein as models for him.
One of the first landmarks in Gothóni's career was the 1977 Schubertiade in Helsinki: forty Finnish singers performed circa 450 lieds by Franz Schubert. Gothóni has appeared as a lied pianist with such singers as Jorma Hynninen, Martti Talvela, Arleen Augér, Edith Mathis, Anne Sofie von Otter, Ileana Cotrubas, Peter Schreier, and Barbara Hendricks. He appeared in lied concerts until the middle of the 1990s and since that has concentrated on solo and chamber concerts and orchestral conducting.
Gothóni was the artistic director of the Savonlinna Opera Festival from 1984 to 1987. He created the Forbidden City Music Festival in Beijing in 1996 and the "Musical Bridge Egypt–Finland" in 2004. He was professor of chamber music at the Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler in Berlin 1996–2000, the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki 1992–2007, the Hochschule für Musik in Hamburg 1986–1996 and since 2006 at the Instituto International da Camara, Reina Sofia, Madrid. Gothóni has made a significant contribution to the education of young musicians through Savonlinna Music Academy where he has served as artistic director. He was principal conductor of the English Chamber Orchestra from 2000 to 2009. Since 2004, he has been the guest conductor of the Deutsche Kammerakademie.
In the United States, Gothóni was music director of the Northwest Chamber Orchestra (Seattle) from 2002 until 2006. His initial appearance with the orchestra in 2001 was highly acclaimed and led to his appointment in Seattle. In 2006 he resigned in the context of financial pressures on the orchestra. The orchestra was later dissolved.
Gothóni's awards include the Finnish Pro Finlandia in 1990 and the Gilmore Artist Award in 1994. In 2012 he received the Queen Sofía College of Music award from Her Majesty Queen of Spain
. He has recorded for various labels, including BIS, Decca, Deutsche Grammophon, EMI, CPO and Ondine, such works as Benjamin Britten's Piano Concerto, Heitor Villa-Lobos' "Choros XI", and the first and second piano concertos of Einojuhani Rautavaara. His writings include "Luova hetki" ("The Creative Moment", 1998). His compositions include three chamber operas and the cantata "The Ox and its Shepherd".
Gothóni is married to the violinist Elina Vähälä.

</doc>
<doc id="9651643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651643" title="Harold E. Lambert">
Harold E. Lambert

Harold E. Lambert OBE (1893–1967) was a British linguist and anthropologist in Kenya.
Born in Pield Heath, raised in Bournemouth, and educated at Queens' College, Cambridge (1912–1915), Lambert served as a platoon commander in the Gloucestershire Regiment during World War I, and was wounded at the Battle of the Somme in July 1916. A year later, the young Lieutenant joined the King's African Rifles in Nyassaland in the East African Campaign against the German army in Tanganyika.
After his demobilization in 1919, Lambert remained in East Africa and was appointed assistant District Commissioner on the southern coast of Kenya. During this period, he studied Swahili history and culture, becoming fluent in the language. Gaining indigenous respect and recognition, he became known as "Sheikh Lambert." His subsequent postings were as District Commissioner in Kiambu, Lamu, Embu, Kenya, Voi, and other places, where he gained an "outstanding" reputation as an administrator known for his "profound" knowledge of indigenous law and culture (especially Kikuyu). In 1939, the British Governor of Kenya successfully nominated Lambert as an Officer in the Order of the British Empire (OBE) and promoted him to Senior District Commissioner.
Lambert was married to Grace Firr, a trained nurse and daughter of Tom Firr, a famous Huntsman of the Quorn Hunt. After his retirement in 1950, the couple settled in Nairobi. He remained very active as a Swahili language scholar until his death in Nairobi, 1967. Many Africanists, anthropologists and linguists greatly benefited from H.E. Lambert's expert knowledge and generous assistance in the field and in their subsequent research.

</doc>
<doc id="9651644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651644" title="Roosevelt Taylor">
Roosevelt Taylor

Roosevelt "Rosey" Taylor (born July 4, 1937 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former American football safety who played for the Chicago Bears, San Francisco 49ers, and Washington Redskins of the National Football League. He played college football at Grambling State University.
Taylor was a key defensive player on the 1963 Bears NFL championship team. He led the Bears in interceptions with 9 and in kick returns. The Bears defense was coached by future Hall of Famer George Allen. 
In 2010, Roosevelt Taylor was inducted as a member of the Grambling State University Hall of Fame. Part of Grambling’s initial SWAC championship defense in 1960 – the group included four future All-Pros – Taylor went on to lead the NFL with nine interceptions in 1963, on the way to 32 career picks. In 1968, he scored 6 TDs, including 96-yard interception return. Twice selected to the Pro Bowl, Taylor never 
missed a game in nearly nine seasons with the Chicago Bears and later appeared in Super Bowl VII with the Washington Redskins. He is a member of the Greater New Orleans Sports Hall of Fame, and was named among 
The 50 Best Bears earlier this year by the Chicago Sun-Times.

</doc>
<doc id="9651645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651645" title="Carnival Festival">
Carnival Festival

Carnival Festival (or "Carnaval Festival" in Dutch) is a dark ride in amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands. It was designed by Joop Geesink and opened its doors in 1984.
History and details.
The ride, 240 m length, is original, but clearly influenced by Disney’s "it's a small world", and signified a breach with the fairy-tale style of the Efteling. The ride takes 2 adults or 3 children, in 1 of the 118 cars, through a humorous simplification of the world populated by animatronics in just over 6 minutes, accompanied by a catchy music written by Ruud Bos and stand-up comedian Toon Hermans. The ride’s host is ‘Jokie de Prrretneus’, a carnival doll and the park’s mascot from 1984 until 1989 when the new mascot ‘Pardoes’ was introduced.
In 2005 the ride was redecorated with the famous Dutch doll "Loekie de Leeuw", which also was created by Joop Geesink.
Joop Geesink’s objective was to make it a hilarious ride, which is done by taking cultural aspects that have been generalized, and portraying them with funny dolls.
The Ride.
The ride passes through 9 different regions, each represented by typical scenes and variations on the music.
The Music.
For the first time the Efteling ordered for a special music to be made. Ruud Bos was contracted, and the base theme was developed by Toon Hermans. The main tune varies per scene: a mandolin, bagpipe, gong- it seems simplistic but the actual presentation is very catchy. The multiple-track sound system was ‘borrowed’ from, again, "it's a small world" but is nowadays, of course, digitalized.
References.
Fansite
Company information

</doc>
<doc id="9651648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651648" title="Queen Margaret's School, York">
Queen Margaret's School, York

Queen Margaret's, York is an independent day and boarding school for girls age 11–18 in Escrick Park near York, England. The school was named after Queen Margaret the Queen of Scotland from c.1070–1093.
History.
QM was established in Scarborough by the Woodard Foundation, an organisation committed to the establishment of boarding schools where teaching would be firmly based on the Christian religion. Following evacution to Pitlochry during the First World War and Castle Howard in the Second World War, QM finally came to Escrick Park, six miles south of York in 1949. Dr Paul Silverwood has been the Headmaster since September 2009.
Tatler Schools Guide 2011 stated: "QM is one of those all-girls country boarding schools that is quietly doing great things. Girls are playing lacrosse for the England under-19s, representing Great Britain at skiing, getting ace grades at A-level, performing for the National Youth Theatre and winning places at the London Contemporary Dance School."
Academic.
Public examination results in 2011 put QM among the top schools in the country with a 100% pass rate and 86% of entries achieving grades A*-B at A Level and 95% of entries achieving A*-C at GCSE.
The School offers a full range of academic subjects at GCSE, AS- and A-level. GCSEs are chosen from twenty four subjects and girls must study English Language, English Literature, Mathematics, Science and a Modern Foreign Language. In addition, most girls opt to study four other subjects. In the Sixth Form, twenty seven subjects are offered at AS and A2 level. At AS level, most girls opt to study four or five subjects, reducing to three or four at A2 level.
Curriculum.
Dance.
The school offers individual and group lessons in Ballet, Tap and Modern dance, all these disciplines can be studied to GCSE level.
Drama.
Girls from QM are regularly accepted into the National Youth Theatre. There is a whole school production at the end of each Autumn term. Entry is by competitive audition, open to all girls in the school. The production normally runs for three or four nights and is open to members of the public.
Music.
QM encourages musicians to view their musical commitments seriously. Girls play individually and in ensembles from beginner to advanced level. There are music trips at school every other year. The last two trips were when the Chapel Choir went to Tuscany last Summer, and when a select Choir went to Dubrovnik, Croatia, Easter 2013.
Sport.
Many QM girls are selected for regional and national sports teams. Sports facilities including an Astroturf, a sports hall, a competition swimming pool, all-weather tennis courts, squash courts, a nine-hole golf course and a riding school adjacent to the main School campus. Main winter activities include: lacrosse, cross country, hockey and netball. Summer sports include:athletics and rounders. Badminton, tennis and squash are also played at all levels.
Houses.
There are six houses: Garry, Pitlochry, Duncan, QM Hall, School and St Aidans. Each pupil and teacher is assigned to one of the houses. Each house is run by a teacher as Head of House; two Upper Sixth girls are chosen to be House Captain and Deputy House Captain, and two or three Fourth Year (Year 10) girls are chosen as House Monitors. Inter-house competitions include those for sport and music.
Boarding.
Around 80% of pupils are boarders. They are assigned to a boarding house based on year group and age. Each boarding house is supervised by a housemaster or housemistress who is assisted by the head of year.

</doc>
<doc id="9651650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651650" title="Sid Hammerback">
Sid Hammerback

Dr. Sid Hammerback, M.D., is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama "", portrayed by Robert Joy. 
Background.
Known for the signature breakaway reading glasses he uses in the morgue (thought to be CliC reading glasses), Hammerback is a New York City medical examiner described as an "off-the-charts genius" who traded in a career as a chef to become a medical examiner, although in episode 509, "The Box", he states that he has been working in the same position for 29 years and 4,846 cases. He has a habit of overtalking and oversharing, and has offered commentary on such unusual behaviors as threesomes and necrophilia–much to the unease of predecessor Sheldon Hawkes, who, in one episode, refers to Sid's commentary as "going to that creepy place" (episode 301, "People With Money"). Despite any eccentricities on his part, Hammerback sincerely cares for the well-being of his coworkers; he invited Mac Taylor to join his family for their Thanksgiving festivities so the taciturn CSI would not have to spend another holiday alone. He has apparently either known or worked with Mac, Hawkes, and ME Peyton Driscoll for an unspecified number of years (episode 205, "Dancing with the Fishes"). He is also known to be hardworking, as shown in episode 707, "Hide Sight", where he returns to work immediately despite having been sent to the ER after being exposed to an exploding bullet during an autopsy.
Hammerback nearly dies from a severe allergic reaction to a meatball gyros sandwich he ate in episode 317, "The Ride-In", and is saved by the timely intervention of Stella Bonasera, who administers rescue breathing, CPR, and a shot of epinephrine from the first aid kit. When Stella expresses concern that she may have exposed him to HIV, he comforts her, more worried about her own emotional well-being. "I'm sorry I scared you," he tells her contritely. In episode 502, "Page Turner", he nearly dies once again, this time from prolonged contact with a murder victim who had died of radiation poisoning. However, he undergoes heavy treatment at the hospital and is shown to be fine at the end of the episode, with a few of his friends and co-workers visiting him.
Hammerback, American of partial Lithuanian ancestry from one of his grandmothers (episode 519, "Communication Breakdown"), is currently married with two daughters, one about college age (episode 302, "Not What It Looks Like"; episode 317, "The Ride In"). Sid has been divorced at least once (episode 304, "Hung Out to Dry") and celebrated by getting incredibly drunk and falling down a flight of stairs, though he claims he "didn't feel a thing". In episode 418, "Admissions," he mentions to Mac that he occasionally holds a curiosity for what it would be like to take a swig of hydrofluoric acid. When Mac jokingly responds that he himself wonders about doing a live autopsy on himself, Sid genuinely agrees before realizing, slightly crestfallen, that Mac is messing with him. In episode 419, "Personal Foul," he mentions that he enjoys fencing, and in episode 519, "Communication Breakdown", it is shown that he understands and speaks at least some very small degree of Lithuanian. His level of fluency is unknown.
He was close friends with former coroner and his wife, Anabel, and was the one who convinced the two to marry (episode 518, "Point of No Return"). He also had the task of firing Pino after he was found forging overtime slips to aid his gambling and debt problems. He was visibly upset when Anabel was murdered, finding himself unable to conduct the autopsy on her. He also stopped a suicidal Pino, when he was about to be arrested for running drugs and creating heroin from peoples' bodies, a practice which led to Anabel's death, by turning up unexpectedly at the scene of the arrest. Sid asks Pino how many victims there were and is struck with horror as he hears the number, which the viewer never finds out, and asks the police to "get him out of my face".
Millionaire.
In the episode "The Ripple Effect", written by co-executive producer Trey Callaway, Sid's absence from work delays an autopsy and angers MacTaylor. When Sid returns, Jo Danville learns the reason for the absence: a patent Sid had obtained for one of his inventions has been bought for $27 million.
Callaway, "wanting to tell the next chapter in that story", continues that story arc in the episode "Command+P", where Sid is discovered by Jo to be the anonymous "Guardian Angel" who has been surprising with million-dollar checks "the loved ones of victims" in cases Sid had worked. Jo subsequently learns in confidence that Sid has non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. It was showrunner Pam Veasey who suggested that the checks are prompted by Sid's illness.

</doc>
<doc id="9651655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651655" title="Metropolitan Regional Information Systems">
Metropolitan Regional Information Systems

The Metropolitan Regional Information Systems, Inc. (known as MRIS) is the largest Multiple Listing Service in the United States. As of mid-July 2009, it serves 51,171 real estate professionals in Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area including Maryland, Washington DC, Northern Virginia, and parts of West Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Currently this is the largest MLS in North America, and it has evolved from a county-based system controlled by individual Associations of Realtors operating as members of and under the rules of the National Association of Realtors. By the early 1990s it became apparent that a sophisticated computer-based system was necessary to integrate the MLS systems of the many counties and jurisdictions in the tri-state areas (or, at least, tri-jurisdictions) of Maryland, Washington, DC and Virginia, most of which were in close proximity to the capital.
Originally, many county Associations offered dumb-terminal access to the MLS only in brokers' offices at speeds such as 300 baud and, eventually by the late 1980s, at 1,200 baud. After being founded in 1992, MRIS operated as a computer-based program on the Windows 3.1 operating system, with proprietary software issued by MRIS. (This was not unlike the plethora of internet access companies, each with its own software, which emerged at that time). Since updates required a new software release via floppy disc to be installed by all subscribers, changes came slowly. 
It was only when MRIS decided to become an internet-based system with access available to all brokers/agents via the internet from any computer anywhere, that the present system was created.
Database systems offered by MRIS.
MRIS operates two parallel systems available only to licensed brokers, agents, and others (such as appraisers): "MATRIX" which is the database of property listings in all classes (including residential to raw land and lots) and categories from "Active" through "Sold" going back over more than ten years; and "KEYSTONE" the data entry site for agents to input new listings and update them. 
On a daily basis, portions of the data from the full MRIS database of real estate listings is uploaded to public-access websites such as http://Realtor.com (with over 1 million listings nationwide) or to MRIS' own public-access site, http://homesdatabase.com, with the majority of the organization's members Washington DC area properties.
Member organizations.
Originally, brokers and agents doing business in different jurisdictions would have been required to obtain membership in several different MLS systems. When joining an individual Association of Realtors and becoming affiliated with NAR at the same time, individual brokers and agents have the option of joining MRIS. However, it would be difficult to conduct business without having access to the MLS system. 
Legal.
In 2012, The MRIS was hit with an antitrust lawsuit by the American Home Realty Network, alleging that MRIS and NorthStar MLS were concerting an anti-competitive group boycott of American Home Realty Network. The lawsuit alleged that MRIS’s lawsuit against American Home Realty Network and Northstar MLS's lawsuit against American Home Realty Network in Minnesota were attempts to drive American Home Realty Network out of business and eliminate it as a competitor in the market for real estate broker services. Through the antitrust lawsuit the American Home Realty Network was seeking damages and injunctive relief to bar MRIS and Northstar MLS from further predatory conduct and to "prevent harm to consumers in the market for residential real estate brokerage services." 

</doc>
<doc id="9651663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651663" title="Max Bretos">
Max Bretos

Max Bretos is an American sports reporter, who currently works for ESPN. Bretos' broadcast specialization is soccer.
Bretos attended the Judith Weston Acting Studio in Los Angeles, California, and formerly played for Santa Monica Rugby Club. Bretos earned a degree in international relations from Florida State University in 1994
Bretos worked as a broadcaster for Fox Soccer Channel from 1998–2010, where he was the longest-serving broadcaster in the network's history. His broadcasting catchphrase was "Schelotto, yeah!" In January 2010 he resigned from FSC to take a position with ESPNews.
On February 18, 2012, Bretos used the term "chink in the armor" in reference to New York Knicks point guard Jeremy Lin, an Asian, while on air as an ESPNews anchor. He was suspended for 30 days. "My wife is Asian, I would never intentionally say anything to disrespect her and that community," apologized Bretos on Twitter. Spero Dedes was another announcer who used that reference.
Bretos whose parents are both Cuban exiles, has been at the forefront of advancing the Hispanic presence at ESPN. In Summer 2013, he interviewed Dodgers right fielder Yasiel Puig in both English and Spanish. In September 2013, He also co-hosted ESPN's Hispanic heritage special "One Nacion".

</doc>
<doc id="9651675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651675" title="Natalia Gutman">
Natalia Gutman

Natalia Grigoryevna Gutman () (born 14 November 1942 in Kazan) is a Russian cellist. She began to study cello at the Moscow Music School with R. Sapozhnikov. She was later admitted to the Moscow Conservatory, where she was taught by Mstislav Rostropovich, amongst others.
Distinguished at important international competitions, she has carried out tours around Europe, America and Japan, being invited as a soloist by great conductors and orchestras. At one notable recital, she was accompanied by Sviatoslav Richter in the Chopin Cello Sonata. Always attentive to music from the 20th century, she regularly performs works by contemporary composers. She has recorded Shostakovich's Cello Concerto for RCA records and Dvořák's Cello Concerto with Wolfgang Sawallisch conducting the Philadelphia Orchestra for EMI records.
A great supporter of chamber music and contemporary music, she founded the Musikfest Kreuth with her husband, Oleg Kagan, in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9651699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651699" title="WKYU">
WKYU

WKYU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9651717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651717" title="Senegalese parliamentary election, 2001">
Senegalese parliamentary election, 2001

An election for the National Assembly of Senegal was held on 29 April 2001. The election was held under the new constitution approved by referendum earlier in the year. Following the victory of Abdoulaye Wade in the February-March 2000 presidential election, the Sopi Coalition, including Wade's Senegalese Democratic Party and its allies, won a large majority.
After Wade was elected President, he entered a situation of cohabitation with the Socialist Party, which still held an overwhelming majority of seats in the National Assembly. Wade was constitutionally barred from dissolving the National Assembly and calling a new parliamentary election, but he decided to revise the constitution and said that he would not pursue policy initiatives in the meantime. Since he was not seeking new legislation, he did not need to compromise with the National Assembly, which simply approved the budget and adjourned. The Socialist Party did not object to Wade's constitutional changes, which included giving the President the right to dissolve the National Assembly, and the new constitution easily passed a referendum in January 2001. Wade then dissolved the National Assembly and called a new parliamentary election. The Socialist-controlled upper house of Parliament, the Senate, was abolished by the referendum.
Although Wade was barred by the January 2001 Constitution from addressing rallies during the election campaign and the Sopi Coalition was not allowed to use his picture on its ballot papers, Wade actively and prominently participated in the Sopi campaign, drawing criticism from opponents. Wade urged the people to vote for the Sopi Coalition so that he could govern effectively with a secure majority.

</doc>
<doc id="9651718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651718" title="Henry Clarke (Australian politician)">
Henry Clarke (Australian politician)

Henry Clarke (22 June 1822 – 22 November 1907) was an Australian businessman and politician in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. 
Clarke was born in Maghera, County Londonderry, Ireland, he emigrated to New South Wales in 1841 and he farmed for a while at Broulee. He returned to Sydney and married Jane Rayner in 1847 and they eventually had eleven children. He and Robert Gee established a successful shipping agency and owned three ships operating between Sydney and Melbourne by 1861. In the early 1860s, he lived for a period at Bergalia station near Moruya, but returned to Sydney in 1865 and worked at his agency until 1894.
Parliamentary career.
In 1860, he contested the seat of Eden and lost to Daniel Egan. In 1869 he re-contested Eden and won. He held the seat continually until he was beaten 1894 by William Wood and then after a gap of 13 months won a by-election for Bega, which he held until 1904. He was briefly Postmaster General in early 1889. He was noted as a hard-working parliamentarian.
Clarke died in Randwick. On his eightieth birthday he had claimed to have two hundred grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9651732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651732" title="Hermitage High School (Virginia)">
Hermitage High School (Virginia)

Hermitage High is a public Henrico County high school located in Henrico, Virginia. The mascot of Hermitage High School is the Panther. Hermitage High School has athletic facilities with concrete High School Football stadiums and Rubber-turf Field Tracks.
History.
Initially, Hermitage High School began in 1936 as the Glen Allen High School, which was located at the present-day site of the Cultural Arts Center off Mountain Road. The building that is now George H. Moody School was opened in 1951 as Hermitage High School. The current Hermitage High School was opened in 1972 and is located in the Brookland District.
Humanities Center.
The Humanities Center is one of the Specialty Centers of Henrico County, focusing on the connection between literature, history, philosophy, and the arts. Students in the Humanities Center also get to practice their humanitarian skills by performing volunteer work for every year that they participate in the center. The program provides students with an opportunity to pursue a rigorous interdisciplinary academic experience in the humanities while fulfilling graduation requirements for an advanced diploma with a Specialty Center seal. Because the center is located at Hermitage High School, students can also take advantage of all the sports, clubs, and resources of a large high school.
Athletics and music.
Hermitage is home to many athletic teams/sports including Football, Baseball, Basketball, Wrestling, Cross country, Indoor and Outdoor Track, Soccer, Field Hockey, Volleyball, Golf, Tennis, Softball, Competition Cheerleading Squad, Dance Team, and Step team. It is also home to the music programs such as Symphonic Band, Concert Band, Marching Band, and Orchestra. 

</doc>
<doc id="9651752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651752" title="List of Wellesley College people">
List of Wellesley College people

The following is a list of individuals associated with Wellesley College through attending as a student, or serving as a member of the faculty or staff. Dates indicate the year of graduation.

</doc>
<doc id="9651765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651765" title="Go fever">
Go fever

In the US space industry, "go fever" is an informal term used to refer to the overall attitude of being in a rush or hurry to get a project or task done while overlooking potential problems or mistakes. "Go fever" results from both individual and collective aspects of human behavior. It is due to the tendency as individuals to be overly committed to a previously chosen course of action based on time and resources already expended (sunk costs) despite reduced or insufficient future benefits, or even considerable risks. It is also due to general budget concerns and due to the desire of members of a team not to be seen as the one who is not equally committed to the team's goals or to be the one interfering with the team's progress or success. The term was coined after the Apollo 1 fire in 1967 and has been referred to in subsequent NASA incidents such as the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster in 1986 and the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9651767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651767" title="California's 37th State Senate district">
California's 37th State Senate district

California's 37th State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts. It is currently represented by Republican Mimi Walters of Irvine.
District profile.
The district encompasses central Orange County, centered on the city of Irvine. The district contains a mix of coastal beaches, suburban sprawl, and the Santa Ana Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="9651785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651785" title="Elementary (The End album)">
Elementary (The End album)

Elementary is the second and final album released by the Canadian band The End. This album is a departure from their mathcore sound present on their first two albums and is more rock-oriented, featuring lighter melodies and clean vocals mixed with growling.

</doc>
<doc id="9651814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651814" title="Adam Gdacjusz">
Adam Gdacjusz

Adam Gdacjusz or Gdacius or Gdak, also called "Rey of Silesia" (1615 Kluczbork – 1688 Kluczbork) was a Polish-language writer and a Lutheran pastor at the Wilna church and since 1644 was a deacon and, later, a parish priest in the Silesian town of Kreuzburg (now Kluczbork), where he was born. He was writing preaching and moralizing literature in Polish and Latin, mainly in the years 1674–1687.

</doc>
<doc id="9651818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651818" title="Veronika Hagen">
Veronika Hagen

Veronika Hagen (born 5 May 1963 in Salzburg) is an Austrian violist.
Biography.
Born in Salzburg, she began to learn music at the age of six with her father, who was at that time concertmaster of the Mozarteum Orchestra of Salzburg. She then continued her studies at the Musik Hochschule of Salzburg with Professor Helmut Zehetmair and at the Musik Hochschule of Hanover with Professor Hatto Beyerle. During her studies she won several prizes, including the Budapest International Viola Competition in 1984.
Hagen is a founding member of the Hagen Quartet, along with her siblings Lukas, Angelika (later replaced by Rainer Schmidt) and Clemens. The quartet has performed across the world.
She has made a number of recordings for the Deutsche Grammophon label, including the Brahms Sonatas with the pianist Paul Gulda in 1997 and Mozart's Concertante with the violinist Augustin Dumay and the Salzburg Camerata. As well as her activity as a soloist, she has performed with other leading musicians, including Elena Bashkirova, Joshua Bell, Gérard Caussé, Ivry Gitlis, Paul Gulda, Tatjana Grindenko, Steven Isserlis, Gidon Kremer, Alexander Lonquich and Heinrich Schiff. She has also played at many international music festivals, and has performed with orchestras such as the Tokyo Symphony Orchestra and Orchestre de la Suisse Romande.
Hagen plays a Giovanni Paolo Magini (Brescia) Viola from the collection of the National Bank of Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="9651820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651820" title="(15836) 1995 DA2">
(15836) 1995 DA2

, also written as (15836) 1995 DA2, is a trans-Neptunian object. It was discovered on February 24, 1995 by David C. Jewitt and Jane X. Luu at the Mauna Kea Observatory, Hawaii.
Resonance.
It is in a 3:4 resonance with the planet Neptune. The Neptune 3:4 mean-motion resonance keeps the object more than 8 AU from Neptune over a 14000-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="9651844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651844" title="Plymouth Slingshot">
Plymouth Slingshot

The Plymouth Slingshot is a concept car produced in 1988 by Plymouth. The Slingshot was introduced at the 1988 Los Angeles Auto Show.
Design.
The Slingshot was designed by Craig Durfey & Roger Zrimec, along with several design interns working in the Chrysler design studio. These interns were said to have made "direct and meaningful contributions" to the creation of the vehicle. The Slingshot was designed to be a "lifestyle-oriented vehicle purposely targeted at the young people of the 1990s." Slingshot was designed as part of a series of three sports cars from Chrysler—along with the "Big Shot" and "Hot Shot."
Specifications.
Engine & Transmission.
The Slingshot features a mid-mounted, 2.2L DOHC inline-four engine, with twin cams, 16 valves, and an intercooled turbocharger. The engine was rated at 225 HP and 225 lb/ft. of torque. The engine is located behind the canopy, in a semi-exposed module.
The transmission is a six-speed manual transmission, with a motorcycle-like ratchet shifter.
Body & Chassis.
Slingshot is finished in charcoal, black, and pearl white paint. It features a canopy that swings upwards to open.
It has a light and rigid carbon fiber body and chassis, with adjustable four-wheel independent suspension. Flexible, impact-absorbing fenders are positioned right above the wheels to provide aerodynamic styling.
An interesting feature is the use of twin tires at both the front and rear. Slingshot is equipped with 125/70-15 and 125/85-16 tires at the front and rear, respectively. This was to provide an additional safety factor in the event of a blow-out.
The dimensions of the Slingshot are as follows:
Appearances & Media.
Slingshot won the 1988 Silver IDEA award for automotive design.
Slingshot was displayed as part of the Walter P. Chrysler Museum's exhibit on "Big Toys" from November 9, 2009, through January 11, 2010.
Slingshot made cameos in several episodes of the TV show "Viper" during the show's first season.

</doc>
<doc id="9651845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651845" title="Dhabeji">
Dhabeji

Dhabeji (also known as Dhabeji Station), is a town and union council of Mirpur Bathoro tehsil, Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.
It is near the suburbs of Karachi around 15 km away from the Pakistan Steel Mills. As well being declared an industrial zone by the Government there is also water treatment plant for the water being provided for Karachi City from the Indus River. It is located at 24'47" N 67'31" E

</doc>
<doc id="9651846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651846" title="Child Health and Nutrition Research Initiative">
Child Health and Nutrition Research Initiative

Founded in 2001, the Child Health Nutrition Research Initiative (CHNRI) is a network of interested partners supported by the Global Forum for Health Research, based in Geneva, Switzerland. CHNRI efforts support the Millennium Development Goals of:
CHNRI is helping to set research priorities in child health, development and nutrition, and resolve related methodological issues. It also sponsors research into priority child health and nutrition problems, especially in low- and middle-income countries, with a focus on research to inform policies for scaling up effective interventions.
CHNRI focuses on increasing the level of communication and discussion amongst players devoted to research on child health and nutrition; such as nutritionists, child health specialists, and child development specialists. It provides a platform to initiate and maintain debate on the importance and direction of the research, bringing scientists together and implementing bodies to discuss issues relevant to the current status of knowledge and the requirements for the future.
The secretariat of CHNRI is now located in The INCLEN Trust International. The board is chaired by Dr Robert E. Black, Professor and Chair, Department of International Health, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9651851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651851" title="California Straight Ahead!">
California Straight Ahead!

California Straight Ahead! is a 1937 American film about truck drivers starring John Wayne and directed by Arthur Lubin. The action movie features a memorable cross-country race between trucks and trains.

</doc>
<doc id="9651857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651857" title="Ramsey (UK Parliament constituency)">
Ramsey (UK Parliament constituency)

Ramsey was a parliamentary constituency in Huntingdonshire, which elected one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It was created upon the abolition of the two member Huntingdonshire constituency in 1885, as one of the two county divisions. It was abolished in 1918 when Huntingdonshire was re-established as a single member constituency.
Boundaries.
The constituency was the North division of the historic county of Huntingdonshire, a small county in the East of England (which in the twenty-first century is part of the non-metropolitan county of Cambridgeshire). The constituency was named after the small town of Ramsey.
The constituency was to the south of Peterborough, to the south west of Wisbech, to the west of South West Norfolk, to the north of Chesterton, to the north east of Huntingdon and to the east of North Northamptonshire.
History.
The division was a predominantly rural area. In addition it included some suburbs of Peterborough and the small towns of Ramsey and St. Ives, as well as part of the Fens. 
The Liberal strength in the constituency came from the freeholders of Peterborough (who could vote in Ramsey), the working class Peterborough suburban vote and the smallholders of the Fens. However the area was mostly Conservative, with the rural population under the influence of the largest local landowner Lord de Ramsey. Except for the 1906 general election the Conservative Party won every election in the constituency.
In the 1885 general election one of the former Conservative MPs for the undivided county of Huntingdonshire, William Fellowes was elected the first member from the division. In July 1887 his father, Edward Fellowes, was created the 1st Lord de Ramsey - shortly before his death on 9 August 1887. William Fellowes was thereby elevated to the peerage and vacated his seat in the House of Commons.
The Fellowes family continued to dominate the representation of the division. A younger son of the 1st Baron, the Honourable Ailwyn Fellowes was elected to replace his brother. Fellowes retained the seat until he was defeated in the Liberal landslide in the 1906 general election.
The Liberal MP elected in 1906, Alexander Boulton, was a Canadian lawyer (who later in his career helped found the English-Speaking Union). He was not able to secure re-election in either of the 1910 elections. He was defeated by the fourth and last MP for the constituency, the Conservative Oliver Locker-Lampson.
During the First World War Locker-Lampson served with the R.N.A.S. Armoured Car Unit and also represented the Ministry of Information in various countries. He was involved in France, Belgium, Russia, Romania, Turkey and Persia between 1914 and 1919. He received the Orders of Leopold of Belgium and St Vladimir of Russia amongst other decorations.

</doc>
<doc id="9651864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651864" title="The Queries">
The Queries

The Queries (or simply Queries) is the third book to English physicist Isaac Newton's Opticks, with various numbers of Query sections or "question" sections (up to 31, depending on edition), expanded on from 1704 to 1718, that contains Newton's final thoughts on the future puzzles of science. Query 31, in particular, launched affinity chemistry and the dozens of affinity tables that were made in the 18th century, based on Newton's description of affinity gradients.
Overview.
"Opticks" concludes with a set of "Queries." In the first edition, these were sixteen such Queries; that number was increased in the Latin edition, published in 1706, and then in the revised English edition, published in 1717/18. The first set of Queries were brief, but the later ones became short essays, filling many pages. In the fourth edition of 1730, there were 31 Queries, and it was the famous "31st Query" that, over the next two hundred years, stimulated a great deal of speculation and development on theories of chemical affinity.
These Queries, especially the later ones, deal with a wide range of physical phenomena, far transcending any narrow interpretation of the subject matter of "optics." They concern the nature and transmission of heat; the possible cause of gravity; electrical phenomena; the nature of chemical action; the way in which God created matter in "the Beginning;" the proper way to do science; and even the ethical conduct of human beings. These Queries are not really questions in the ordinary sense. They are almost all posed in the negative, as rhetorical questions. That is, Newton does not ask whether light "is" or "may be" a "body." Rather, he declares: "Is not Light a Body?" Not only does this form indicate that Newton had an answer, but that it may go on for many pages. Clearly, as Stephen Hales (a firm Newtonian of the early eighteenth century) declared, this was Newton's mode of explaining "by Query."
Other scientists followed Newton's lead. They saw that he had been setting forth a kind of exploratory natural philosophy in which the primary source of knowledge was experiment. This Newtonian tradition of experimental natural philosophy was different from the one based on mathematical deductions. In this sense, "Opticks" established a kind of Newtonianism that in the eighteenth century rivalled in importance the mathematical natural philosophy of the "Principia". Some of the primary adepts in this new philosophy were such prominent figures as Benjamin Franklin, Antoine-Laurent Lavoisier, and James Black.

</doc>
<doc id="9651873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651873" title="Carl Venth">
Carl Venth

Carl Venth (February 16, 1860 – January 29, 1938) was a German-American composer, violinist, conductor, music educator, and scholar. He was a leading classical music figure in Texas in the first half of the twentieth century and was one of the early music directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra.
Early life and education.
Venth was born in Cologne, Germany, the son of Carl Venth and Friderika von Turkowitz. He began violin study with his father at age 9. He was educated at the Friedrich Wilhelm-Gymnasium; at the Cologne Conservatory, where he studied violin with George Japha and composition with Ferdinand Hiller, Gustav Jensen, and Otto Klauwell; and at the Brussels Conservatory, where he studied violin with Henryk Wieniawski and from which he was graduated in 1877.
Career.
In 1878 Venth was appointed concertmaster of the Utrecht Symphony Orchestra and of the Flemish Opera in Brussels; in 1879 he assumed the same post with the Offenbach Comic Opera of Paris. He made his solo debut in 1878 with the Utrecht Symphony, followed by a concert tour of the Netherlands in 1879 and of the United States in 1880.
In 1880 he moved to the United States, whereupon he concertized as a violin soloist for four years before accepting a position in the orchestra of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. He lived in New York until 1908, during which time he founded the Venth College of Music in Brooklyn (1889), founded and conducted the Brooklyn Symphony Orchestra (1890), founded and led the Venth String Quartet (1891), and served as conductor or concertmaster with the Euterpe Orchestral Society of New York and the St. Paul Symphony.
In 1899 he married Cathinka Finch Myhr of Norway.
In 1908 Venth came to Texas to direct the violin department at Kidd-Key College in Sherman. In 1911 he helped bring a moribund Dallas Symphony Orchestra back into existence and assumed the post of music director, a position he would hold until 1914; in 1913 he took a concurrent similar position with the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra. In 1914 Venth was appointed Dean of Fine Arts at Texas Woman's College in Fort Worth (now named Texas Woman's University and located in Denton). Venth remained in Fort Worth until 1931 but served as concertmaster of the Dallas Symphony from 1927 to 1931. In 1931, he moved to San Antonio to become Dean of Fine Arts at Westmoreland College (which was renamed the University of San Antonio during Venth's tenure and is now known as Trinity University), where he taught violin, harmony, and theory.
Throughout his professional life Venth was active as a composer. He composed at least three operas ("Pan", "The Monk of Iona", "Fair Betty" as "Fairy Betty" in one source), four cantatas, two violin concertos, two string quartets, a piano trio, three violin sonatas, numerous songs, orchestral works, piano solo works, and pieces for violin and piano. Many of his compositions were premiered in New York and other important venues and were issued by major publishing houses, including Breitkopf & Härtel and Carl Fischer. "Pan" is described in Venth's "Dallas Morning News" obituary as "the first American opera to gain international recognition."
Venth died in San Antonio, Texas, at the age of 77. His autobiography, "My Memories", was published posthumously, in 1939, by Alamo Printing Company of San Antonio.

</doc>
<doc id="9651890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9651890" title="Veronica Napoles">
Veronica Napoles

Veronica Napoles is a Cuban-American author, architect, artist, award-winning designer, and teacher,
Biography.
Born in Spanish Harlem, she began her higher education at the University of Miami in graduating with a degree in fine art. She then graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in architecture. Veronica began her design career as a project director for Walter Landor and Associates before running her own highly successful design firm for twenty years. She has taught design at both the University of California and Sonoma State University as well as conducting branding workshops nationally and internationally.
Veronica's book "Corporate Identity Design", published by John Wiley is considered the one the more valuable resources for branding and marketing students. Her screenplay, "The Initiate", was accepted as a Sundance Institute semi-finalist in 1992.
She has received numerous national and international design awards for excellence in design and print communications, including: Creativity, New York Art Directors Club, American Corporate Identity, Print Casebook, and Print Regional Design Annual.
Articles about Veronica and her work have appeared in many newspapers and magazines including: "Entrepreneur, Hispanic Business, New Woman, San Francisco Chronicle Business Section, San Francisco Examiner, SUCCESS ," and "SUCCESS Japan". Most recently, Veronica was featured in a half-hour program on KGO-TV honoring Bay Area leaders.
Community service is important to Veronica, having been on the board of directors of Youth In Arts, and Marin Hospice. Most recently she was elected to the board of Trustees of the Headlands Center for the Arts, a residency program for mid-career artists located in the Golden Gate National Park.

</doc>
