<doc id="9746248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746248" title="Avian ecology field methods">
Avian ecology field methods

There are many field methods available for conducting avian ecological research. They can be divided into three types: counts, nest monitoring, and capturing and marking.
Basic counts.
Basic bird counts are a good way to estimate population size, detect changes in population size or species diversity, and determine the cause of the changes if environmental or habitat data is collected as well. Basic bird counts can be completed fairly easily and inexpensively, and they provide general information about the status of a bird population. 
Birds can be directly counted on breeding colonies, and at roosts, flocks, or Leks. Large diurnal migrants, like many raptors, can be counted as they pass through migration bottlenecks. Small nocturnal migrants are harder to count, but many advances have been made in the use of radar and microphone arrays to identify and count them. 
Point counts and area searches.
Perhaps the simplest method of counting birds is called a "point count", in which a trained observer records all the birds seen and heard from a point count station for a set period of time. A series of point counts completed over a fixed route can then be compared to the results of the same point counts in other seasons or years. A similar method, called an area search, involves searching throughout a fixed area for a set amount of time and recording the number of birds seen and heard. 
Nest monitoring.
Nest monitoring is essential for measuring the reproductive success of a population, which is important for identifying changes in a population’s birth rate. Nests can be found either through systematic searching of the birds’ preferred habitat or by watching birds for behavioral clues. A researcher can then track the success of each nest by regularly checking nests for signs of hatching, fledging, or predation. 
Nest monitoring can also provide extremely valuable information about nesting behavior, habitat selection, and nest predation. Cameras can be used to study bird nesting behaviors, or even to catch nest predators in the act. The timing of breeding in relation to weather variables can be studied, as well as the size of eggs and chicks in relation to food quality and abundance. Records of habitat variables at each nest provide helpful information on the birds’ nest site selection criteria, and maps of all nests found in a study area allow for examination of how territories are distributed through the habitat. 
Capturing and marking.
Capturing and marking birds allows for individuals to be identified whenever or wherever they are captured or seen again. It is a powerful method for studying bird migration, estimating population sizes and survival rates, and recognizing changes in productivity. There are many different ways to capture birds, but the most widely used method is a mist net, a net made of fine nylon mesh which is nearly invisible. Birds fly into the net, becoming entangled, and are extracted by researchers. Birds can then be identified, measured, weighed, and marked with a small aluminum band bearing a unique number. The number is reported to a central database so that information about the bird can be updated if the bird is ever recaptured somewhere else. Birds may also be marked with a locally unique combination of colored plastic leg bands, leg flags, patagial tags, or dyes which allow the bird to be recognized in the field without requiring recapture. Finally, a bird may be outfitted with a radio or satellite transmitter, which enables the bird to be tracked as it moves around within the local landscape or even as it migrates around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9746266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746266" title="Virginia Centurione Bracelli">
Virginia Centurione Bracelli

Saint Virginia Centurione Bracelli (April 2, 1587 – December 15, 1651) is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church from Genoa, Italy. 
Virginia was born on April 2, 1587, in Genoa, Italy to a noble family. She was the daughter of Giorgio Centurione, who was the Doge of Genoa from 1621 to 1623 and to Lelia Spinola.
Despite her desire to live a cloistered life, she was forced into marriage to Gaspare Grimaldi Bracelli, a wealthy noble on December 10, 1602. She had two daughters: Lelia and Isabella. The marriage did not last long. She became a widow on June 13, 1607, at the age of 20. She refused another arranged marriage brought on by her father and took up a vow of chastity.
After her husband's death she began charitable works and assisted the needy and sick. To help alleviate the poverty in her town, she founded the "Cento Signore della Misericordia Protettrici dei Poveri di Gesù Cristo". The center was soon overrun with people suffering from the famine and plague of 1629–1630 and soon she had to rent the Monte Calvario convent to accommodate all the people. By 1635 the center was caring for over 300 patients and received recognition as a hospital from the government. Due to declining funds given by the middle and upper classes, the Institute lost its government recognition in 1647. 
She spent the remainder of her life acting as a peacemaker between noble houses and continuing her work for the poor. Virginia Bracelli died on December 15, 1651, at the age of 64.
Veneration.
Virginia was beatified on September 22, 1985, and canonized on May 18, 2003, by Pope John Paul II. 

</doc>
<doc id="9746271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746271" title="The Fortunate Isles and Their Union">
The Fortunate Isles and Their Union

The Fortunate Isles and Their Union is a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones, and performed on 9 January 1625. It was the last masque acted before King James I, (who died two months later on 27 March), and therefore the final masque of the Jacobean era.
The show.
The masque had, as its theme, the vision of a unified British kingdom under the guidance of a wise king. "It reflected perfectly the image that he had tried, in his rough-hewn way, to cultivate — even if history, in alloting him part of the blame for the catastrophe that was to befall his son, would be less generous to his reputation."
"The Fortunate Isles" opens with the entrance of Johphiel, "an airy spirit" who is supposedly "the intelligence of Jupiter's sphere." Johphiel has a long conversation with Merefool, "a melancholic student," which involves much material on the then-new and controversial subject of "the brethren of the Rosy Cross." Jonson devotes this masque to his skeptical and satirical view of the Rosicrucians, just as he had taken a similarly jaundiced view of alchemy in his masque of the previous decade, "Mercury Vindicated from the Alchemists" (1615).
A more specifically English cast to the masque comes with the introduction of the two poets John Skelton and Henry Scogan. The English theme is stronger in the anti-masque, which, in addition to generic figures ("four knaves"), introduces the figures of Mary Ambree, Elinor Rumming, Long Meg of Westminster, and Tom Thumb. Later come the stereotypical mythological figures of the masque form — in this case, the minor sea gods Proteus, Portunus, and Saron. Inigo Jones's staging featured a floating and moving island (another element that would have appeared in the cancelled masque of the previous year).
Though "The Fortunate Isles" was the major entertainment of the 1624–25 Christmas season at the Stuart Court, Jonson did not hesitate to re-cycle some lyrical passages from the previous year's masque, "Neptune's Triumph for the Return of Albion," which had been cancelled due to Court scheduling controversies. (Jonson would re-use other material from "Neptune's Triumph" for his next stage play, "The Staple of News.")
Sources.
For source material for his text, Jonson relied upon the "Speculum Sophicum Rhodo-strautoricum" of Teophilus Schweigardt (1618) and the "Artis Kabbalisticae" of Pierre Morestel (1621). The name Johphiel derives from Cornelius Agrippa's "De Occulta Philosophia" (later translated to English under the title "Three Books of Occult Philosophy").
Publication.
The text of "The Fortunate Isles" was published in quarto soon after its performance in 1625. The quarto is dated "1624," since prior to 1751 the English started the New Year on 25 March. Old Style and New Style dates. The masque was reprinted in the second folio collection of Jonson's works in 1641, and in subsequent editions of the collected works.

</doc>
<doc id="9746273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746273" title="KQPT">
KQPT

KQPT is a commercial radio station located in Colusa, California, broadcasting to the Chico, California, area on 107.5 FM. KQPT airs a Top 40/CHR format branded as "107.5 & 107.9 Now FM." It previously had a modern adult contemporary music format branded as "107.5 The Point" until March 21, 2011, when they entered the Top 40/CHR war in the Chico radio market, joining KCEZ and KCKS, both having flipped to Top 40 in February 2011, giving the small market the distinction of having 3 stations flipping to the same format in the same year. They now play Elvis Duran and the Morning Show weekdays from 6am-10am.

</doc>
<doc id="9746317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746317" title="Joseph Coutts">
Joseph Coutts

Joseph Coutts (born 21 July 1945) is a Pakistani Roman Catholic archbishop. He was born in Amritsar, British India on 21 July 1945. Coutts received his religious training at the Christ the King seminary in Karachi and was ordained a priest in Lahore, Pakistan on 9 January 1971.
After ordination, he completed ecclesiastical studies in Rome and then became professor of philosophy at Christ the King Regional Seminary, Karachi, rector of St. Mary's Minor Seminary, Lahore and later diocesan vicar general.
On 5 May 1988 he was appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Hyderabad in Pakistan by Pope John Paul II. On 27 June 1998 he was appointed Bishop of Faisalabad. Bishop Coutts is also Caritas Pakistan Chairman.
The Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt in Germany awarded Bishop Coutts the 2007 Shalom Prize for his commitment to interfaith dialogue in Pakistan. During the last 25 years, the award has been given to people and projects working for human rights.
On 25 January 2012, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Bishop Coutts as Archbishop of Karachi. He succeeds Archbishop Evarist Pinto who resigned after reaching the age of 75.
Coutts was to travel to St. Peter’s Basilica, when Pope Benedict XVI was to give 44 archbishops the pallium on June 29, 2012, when he caught pneumonia and ended up in a hospital in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="9746320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746320" title="Camira">
Camira

Camir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9746328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746328" title="Brewing in Vermont">
Brewing in Vermont

The U.S. state of Vermont is home to several breweries, microbreweries, nanobreweries, and brewpubs that produce a wide variety of beer.
In 2011 and 2012, the Brewers Association ranked Vermont as the state with the greatest number of breweries per capita. Using the 2010 US Census population estimate of 625,741 and 26 breweries, there are one brewery for every 24,067 people.
The 2012 Brewers Association Economic Impact Report shows Vermont with a total economic impact of beer brewed by craft brewers at $196,287,000. The data places Vermont as third in the category of craft beer industry output per adult (21+) with $418.57 per person. The report states that there are 2,200 full-time employees with an average wage of $30,176.
When using the economic impact of beer as a percentage of GDP, Vermont ranks fourth with a percentage of 2.40% for 2012.
History.
The history of beer in Vermont is similar to its history in the rest of the United States – no local breweries existed from the late 1800s when Vermont passed it's own local prohibition laws, several decades prior to national Prohibition, until the microbrewery explosion of the 1980s and 1990s. Since then a number of strong breweries have developed despite Vermont's small population.
Pre-Prohibition.
On November 2, 1798, Vermont passed a law which began restricting sales of strong beer, ale, and cider. This law was eventually overturned on November 10, 1814. However, the temperance movement remained very strong in Vermont.
In 1840, tax statistics published by Zadock Thompson show there were one brewery in Vermont producing 12,800 gallons of beer. This brewery was operated in Burlington and went by the name of Burlington Brewery. In 1840, the brewery was completely destroyed when an arson set fire to numerous downtown buildings. The Burlington Brewery was rebuilt and fully operational by late 1841.
In 1844, a law was passed which set brewing license fees and appointed county commissioners to approve each license. In 1846, a provision was passed by the legislature to allow a "local option" to whether grant or deny these licenses. This meant the citizens of the towns could vote on whether to allow or disallow these establishments. In 1850, town selectmen became authorized to approve business license to sell small beer or cider, but not strong beer. In 1852, several more laws were passed which started Vermont's prohibition era. In 1853, the legislature passed the Vermont Prevention of Traffic in Intoxicating Liquors for the Purpose of Drinking law.
Licenses published in Burlington Free Press of January 1863 show only 1 licensed brewer within Vermont.
In 1877, Internal Revenue records show 2 breweries, one liquor establishment, and 433 saloons. In 1887, the Boston Journal reported that "Vermont seems to be the nearest place to paradise for prohibitionists. There is not a brewery in the state." 
Vermont hop production took off around 1840 and peaked in 1860. In 1840, Vermont produced 48,137 pounds of hops; 292,023 pounds in 1850; 638,657 pounds in 1860; and 527,927 pounds in 1870. Around 1900, there were around 4,400 pounds produced. By 1910, hop production had been reduced to near zero.
On January 16, 1919, 18th Amendment (Federal Prohibition) which outlawed the manufacture, transportation, and sale of alcohol was passed by 3/4 of US states and became law.
Post-Prohibition.
On December 5, 1933 Federal Prohibition came to an end. In 1935, two alcoholics from Vermont, Bill Wilson, from East Dorset, and Bob Smith, from St. Johnsbury, started Alcoholics Anonymous with a twelve step program.
In 1988, after spending three years lobbying the Vermont legislature to legalize brewpubs Greg Noonan opened the first brewpub in Vermont, the Vermont Pub & Brewery. On the 25th Anniversary of the Vermont Pub & Brewery, the city of Burlington dedication a plaque commemorating Greg Noonan at the front of the pub.
In 1997 Wolaver's Fine Organic Ales became the first certified organic brewery in the United States. In 2014, Wolaver's (now owned by Otter Creek Brewing Company) became the first non-GMO certified brewery in Vermont.
Due to proximity, distribution, and availability of beer produced by these three brewers, the town of Waterbury was named the Best Beer Town in New England by the Boston Globe in 2012.
Beer Regulations and Laws.
Within Vermont Statutes, beer is defined as an "malt beverage" containing "not less than one percent nor more than 16 percent of alcohol by volume at 60 degrees Fahrenheit." An exception to the law provides that any beverage with an alcohol content of "more than six percent and has a terminal specific gravity of less than 1.009" which is considered a spirit and not a malt beverage.
A "Specialty beer" is defined as a malt beverage that contains "more than eight percent alcohol and not more than 16 percent alcohol by volume at 60 degrees Fahrenheit".
Holders of first and third class licenses may sell malt beverages between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 2:00 a.m. the next morning. Holders of second class licenses may sell malt between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. the next morning.
A person may import or transport not more than six gallons of malt or vinous beverages providing it is not for resale. 
It is illegal to serve more than 32 ounces of beer at a time which prevents sales of normal 64 oz pitchers of beer.
Beer styles.
Black IPA.
Greg Noonan, owner and head brewer of The Vermont Pub & Brewery, and Glenn Walter, then an assistant brewer, are cited with creating the Black IPA (AKA Cascadian Dark Ale, India Black Ale, or Vermont Porter) with the initial brewing of Blackwatch IPA on December 4, 1994. The Blackwatch IPA second brewing was November 25, 1995, where Noonan was assisted by John Kimmich, who is now the owner and brewer of The Alchemist. This beer inspired John Kimmich's (The Alchemist) El Jefe Black IPA (2003) and Shaun Hill's (then Shed Restaurant & Brewery) Darkside Black IPA and later Hill Farmstead's James. Mitch Steele, head brewer of Stone Brewing Co., states the Darkside Black IPA was the inspiration for Stone's Sublimely Self Righteous Ale.
Vermont IPA.
The Alchemist, Hill Farmstead Brewery, and Lawson's Finest Liquids has created a loosely named beer India Pale Ale (IPA) category called "East Coast IPAs" or "New England IPAs".
In 2012, Jeff Baker wrote The Case for the Vermont IPA. In 2013, Gary Dzen of the Boston Globe called the style "East Coast IPAs", but noted that Vermont "brewers have started something of their own IPA revolution, helping to loosely create the category of 'East Coast IPAs'. While these beers can be as bitter as their counterparts out west, they're generally less so, focusing on aromatics and perceived bitterness rather than actual pucker-factor. These brews are heavily dry-hopped and lighter on the palate, forgoing malt sweetness for levity in the quest for balance." In 2014, Jeff Baker restated his case saying Vermont IPAs are "bright golden and hazy (unfiltered typically) in appearance, soft in mouthfeel, dense with hop flavor and aroma, yet restrained in bitterness allowing for balance to occur between the hops and the malt." 
Beers.
One of the most widely known beers from Vermont is #9 from Magic Hat Brewing Company. #9 is an apricot-flavored fruit beer based on a traditional pale ale.
Heady Topper from The Alchemist is only sold in Vermont as of January 2014. Heady Topper is a double India Pale Ale (IPA) and is one of the highest rated beers on both BeerAdvocate and RateBeer.
Other beer such as Hill Farmstead's Edward and Abner and Lawson's Finest Liquids Double Sunshine IPA have gained a great deal of national acclaim.
Notable Brewers.
As of June 2014, there were 41 operating production breweries and brewpubs operating in Vermont.
Two Vermont brewers have been awarded the Brewers Association Russell Schehrer Award for Innovation in Craft Brewing. Steve Parkes, owner of the American Brewers Guild and Drop-In Brewery in Middlebury, won the award in 2009. Greg Noonan, owner of Vermont Pub & Brewery, won the award in 2005.
In 1996, Jigger Hill Brewery which used "Tunbridge Quality Ales" brand name was opened by Liz Trott and her partner Janice Moran. Trott became the first woman head brewer in Vermont and the first Vermont brewer to distribute bottle conditioned beer. The brewery was also the first woman-owned, lesbian-owned brewery in Vermont and one of the first within the United States. In 2000, the partners helped reformulate and re-launch Gay Pride Beer for J. Lewis Company. In May 2002, the brewery closed its doors due to one of the partner's health complications resulting from a seizure.
In 2011, Hill Farmstead Brewery was named the 2011 Best New Brewer in the World by RateBeer.
In 2013, Hill Farmstead Brewery was named the 2013 Best Brewery in the World, Best Brewery in Vermont, and Best Brewery in New England by RateBeer. Additionally, Alchemist Heady Topper was named the Best Beer in Vermont for the year 2012.
In 2014, Hill Farmstead Brewery was named the 2014 Best Brewery in Vermont, Alchemist Heady Topper was named the 2014 Best Beer in Vermont, and Lost Nation Brewery was named the 2014 Best New Brewery in Vermont.
The Alchemist, Hill Farmstead, and Lawson's Finest Liquids have become so popular that the route that leads between the three breweries is called the IPA Highway and is a popular destination for beer enthusiasts.
Brewers Association.
In May 1995, the Vermont Brewers Association was founded in order to promote Vermont beer through marketing and festivals, watch the Vermont legislature and foster and air of camaraderie and mutual cooperation among the brewers.

</doc>
<doc id="9746345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746345" title="Jami, Vizianagaram">
Jami, Vizianagaram

Jami (pronounced Jaami) is a village and a Mandal in Vizianagaram district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Jami is located at on the bank of the river Gosthani which has its origin in the lime stone caves of Borra in the Eastern Ghats. It has an average elevation of 46 meters (154 feet).
Demography.
Jami Mandal has a population of 58,112 in 2001. Males constitute 29,170 and females 28,942 of the population. The average literacy rate is 51%, much below the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy rate is 63% and that of females 39%.
Features.
About half-a-kilometre from the village, the temple of "Jami Amma" stands amid lush green fields. This village goddess is also known by the name "Yellamamba" and is considered a guardian Angel by the people of this area. An annual "Jatara" or village fair is held in ⟨⟩
The village receives a mention in the chronicles of Sri Krishna Devaraya's victorious forays into the Kalinga Emperor Prataparudra Gajapati's southern territory.
Education facilities.
In the village (being an "Agraharam") there was a "Veda Pathashala" where Sanskrit, Telugu and ancient texts in both languages were being taught till the Macaulay model of schooling was adopted in the British colonial period. Now the village has a Zilla Parishad High school, three Mandal Elementary Schools, a couple of private funded junior colleges and schools. The earliest of these institutions was the Z.P.High school. Its growth as a premier middle school could be attributed to P.C. Venkatapati Raju, Zamindar of Kottam, M.L.A of Madras Assembly, and the founder President of Vizagpatam District Board. It was upgraded to a High School during the tenure and with the efforts of G.B. Apparao, President of the same District Board in the early 1950s. D.B.Narasimha Raju, a freedom fighter from this village in the late 1930s, was a Headmaster of this school from 1960 to 1972. Under his stewardship, the school got the Rolling Shield for the best school in the District for three consecutive years when it achieved 100% passes in the final year examinations. In recognition of his services, the then District Collector Dr. Abid Hussain recommended his name to the Government for the President's Award. It is no wonder that many of his former students became engineers, scientists, doctors and administrators, and some of them have rendered services abroad. True to the Churchillean saying--'Headmasters have power at their disposal with which Prime Ministers have never yet been invested'.
Transportation.
The village is well connected to Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Srungavarapu Kota, Kottam and Lakkavarapu Kota by fairly frequent APSRTC buses with all weather and sealed roads. The nearest railway stations are Alamanda (about 6 km) for passenger trains, and Vizianagaram for express trains. The nearest airport is Visakhapatnam (55 km).
Assembly constituency.
Jami was an assembly constituency in 1967 and 1972 elections. The elected members were:
Revenue villages and panchayats.
There are 28 revenue villages and 25 village panchayats in Jami Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9746364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746364" title="South Rock Island Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
South Rock Island Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

South Rock Island Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 18,407 and it contained 8,951 housing units. South Rock Island Township formed from Rock Island Township on March 1, 1878.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 93.18%) is land and (or 6.82%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9746365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746365" title="Çayönü">
Çayönü

Çayönü is a Neolithic settlement in southeastern Turkey inhabited around 7200 to 6600 BC. It is located forty kilometres north-west of Diyarbakır, at the foot of the Taurus mountains. It lies near the Bogazcay, a tributary of the upper Tigris River and the Bestakot, an intermittent stream.
Archaeology.
The first excavations were conducted by Robert John Braidwood between 1964 and 1978, and later between 1985 and 1991. The settlement covers the periods of the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A (PPNA), the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (PPNB), and the Pottery Neolithic (PN).
The stratigraphy is divided into the following subphases according to the dominant architecture:
Origin of Domestication.
Animal Life - Domestication of Pigs.
Çayönü is possibly the place where the pig ("Sus scrofa") was first domesticated. The wild fauna include wild boar, wild sheep, wild goat and cervids. The Neolithic environment included marshes and swamps near the Boğazçay, open wood, patches of steppe and almond-pistachio forest-steppe to the south.
Farming - Cultivation of Cereals.
According to "Der Spiegel" of either 6 March or 3 June 2006, the Max Planck Institute for Plant Breeding Research in Cologne has discovered that the genetically common ancestor of 68 contemporary types of cereal still grows as a wild plant on the slopes of Mount Karaca (Karaca Dağ), which is located in close vicinity to Çayönü. (Compare to information on cereal use in PPNA).
Robert Braidwood wrote that "insofar as unit HA can be considered as representing all of the major pre-historic occupation at Cayonu, cultivated emmer along with cultivated einkorn was present from the earliest sub-phase."

</doc>
<doc id="9746396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746396" title="Roger Sabin">
Roger Sabin

Roger Sabin is a writer about comics and lecturer at Central St. Martins in London, England. He is best known for his book titled "Comics, Comix & Graphic Novels: A History of Comic Art" and has also written newspaper articles on the topic of comics.

</doc>
<doc id="9746407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746407" title="Greenwood Cemetery (Jackson, Mississippi)">
Greenwood Cemetery (Jackson, Mississippi)

Greenwood Cemetery is a cemetery located in downtown Jackson, Mississippi. Still in use, it was established by a federal land grant on November 21, 1821. It was originally known simply as "The Graveyard" and later as "City Cemetery" before the present name was adopted in 1899. It is the final resting place of Confederate generals, former governors of Mississippi, mayors of Jackson, as well as other notable figures, the most recent of whom is internationally acclaimed author Eudora Welty. The graves of over 100 "unknown" Confederate soldiers are also located here. Greenwood Cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a Mississippi Landmark in 1984.
The "garden park" type cemetery contains the largest collection of everblooming "own root" (not grafted) antique and modern shrubs roses in the country - several hundred shrubs representing over 40 named cultivars - as well as numerous hardy bulbs and other flowering shrubs and trees.

</doc>
<doc id="9746442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746442" title="Steve Bellamy">
Steve Bellamy

Steve Bellamy is an entrepreneur in sports and entertainment best known for the founding of niche cable television networks including The Tennis Channel and The Ski Channel and for having an extreme work ethic. He is also a writer/director/producer whose films “Winter” and “The Story” garnered dozens of film festival awards including numerous “Best Director” awards for him. Those films starred Bode Miller, Lindsey Vonn, Sarah Burke and Hilary Swank. The soundtrack to “Winter” performed by the band BUSH whose single and title track to the film Sound Of Winter hit number one on both the rock and alternative charts in the US.
In sports, Bellamy’s holdings including the Palisades, Westwood and Cheviot Hills Tennis Centers and he is the inventor of LiveBall and Shotgun 21 teaching and tournament formats.
Biography.
Early career.
A native of Indiana, Bellamy fronted a rock band while attending Indiana University, then moved to Los Angeles in 1986 to pursue a music career. After frequently selling his cars and guitars to pay rent in the early years, Bellamy became a large draw on the Los Angeles Club circuit playing venues like the House of Blues, Club Lingerie, The Roxy and the Whisky during the late 1980s and early 1990s. He recorded five albums, toured the country, had songs on commercial radio across the United States and shared the stage with Bruce Springsteen, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Brian Wilson and David Crosby. His video for “Time Takes Away” was seen on MTV and his songs can still be frequently heard in television and film.
While working in the studio and playing concerts at night, he spent his days giving tennis lessons to Arnold Schwarzenegger, Goldie Hawn, Sally Field, Hilary Swank, Kate Hudson and other actors, politicians, media executives and their families including Mike Ovitz, Steven Spielberg and Leslie Moonves.
In 1996, Bellamy took over a public tennis facility in Pacific Palisades near Los Angeles and turned it into the Palisades Tennis Center. Palisades Tennis Center was dubbed the "Crown Jewel of American Tennis" by Independent Business Magazine and "the nexus for tennis and Mecca for celebrities in Los Angeles" by W Magazine. Shortly thereafter, Bellamy also acquired Westwood Tennis Center, Santa Monica Tennis Center and Westchester Tennis Academy.
Bellamy created Shotgun 21 is more like Tai Bo or scrimmage basketball than a tennis lesson. The programs worked well and the facilities were soon heavily utilized. In January 1998, Tennis Magazine did a feature story on the Palisades Tennis Center. Now facilities around the country are using these programs.
The Tennis Channel.
In 1999, Bellamy started a cable television network devoted to tennis and raised significant amounts of capital from a number of his tennis clients and friends from the media business. The Tennis Channel launched in 2003 and although debuting to just a handful of cities across the United States, The Tennis Channel quickly became the most powerful media service in the sport and is now available in every community in the country. It holds television rights to the Davis Cup, Fed Cup, the Masters Series, the U.S. Open Series, the US Open, Wimbledon, the Australian Open and the French Open.
While President of the channel, Bellamy appeared regularly on radio and was a frequent tennis analyst on television networks such as ESPN, Fox, Sporting News and CNN. “In a sport that sometimes has a bad habit of thinking small, Steve is a real visionary whose infectious enthusiasm and outside-the-box strategizing is helping bring tennis to a broader audience. We're all fortunate he swapped one stringed instrument (his guitar) for another (his racket) and is helping lead tennis into the 21st century.” said Jon Wertheim of Sports Illustrated.
He also hosted a show on The Tennis Channel. “The Changing Face of Pro Tennis.” In 2005, he was named to Sports Business Journal's "Top 10 most Influential People" list and Tennis News named him “Person of the Year.” The award was subsequently renamed after him and “The Bellamy” will go to the most influential person in tennis each year. He sat on the industry’s most powerful boards and committees including the ATP Foundation board, Tennis Industry Association board, the International Tennis Federation's Joint Media Commission and the International Tennis Hall of Fame. “Steve deserves a lot of credit for the popularity of the sport today," said Andre Agassi.
He has organized special events that have included Dustin Hoffman, Dr. Phil, David Spade and Sheryl Crow. In 2006, he created one of the most distinctive sporting events in the world - The Tennis Channel Open in Las Vegas. “Tennispalooza” melded men’s, women’s, college and junior tennis with other sports, entertainment and cultural events that included the best from the worlds of paddle tennis, table tennis, air hockey, art, cooking, Motocross, dance and music in a 14-day festival. The event featured a revolutionary tennis broadcast and made headlines across the globe. James Blake beat Lleyton Hewitt to win the men’s singles title and brothers Mike Bryan and Bob Bryan won the men’s doubles title while Motocross riders were simultaneously jumping 75 feet in the air off ramps and doing flips. For his efforts, Bellamy received the key to the city from Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman.
An eclectic student who didn’t buy books for three years of college and didn’t make the Entrepreneur Club while in school, Bellamy was awarded the “Distinguished Entrepreneur Award” from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University and was the commencement speaker for '07-'08.
Atonal Sports and Entertainment.
Atonal Sports and Entertainment owns and operates several tennis centers, a film company and Palisades Sound Recording Studio. Atonal Films produces documentaries shot in HD. Atonal’s charitable arm controls the Make a Racket Foundation, which gets unused tennis racquets out of closets and into the hands of underprivileged youth. The foundations’ first fundraiser was a free tennis exhibition called "Racquets, Stars & Guitars" which featured tennis brothers Bob and Mike Bryan, musician Gavin Rossdale, comedian Jon Lovitz, actresses Elisabeth Shue, Donna Mills, Melissa Rivers and Camryn Manheim and other athletes and celebrities. The event was featured in US Weekly. Bellamy also sits on the board of “Head To Hollywood” with Carmen Electra and US Magazine West Coast Editor Ken Baker.
The Ski Channel.
In April 2007, Bellamy announced the formation of The Ski Channel television network that would focus on mountain oriented sports, activity and lifestyle. That announcement brought a long term cable distribution deal with Time Warner and advertising deals with: Panasonic, Fender Guitars, Marquis Jets and Mirage Resorts. Panasonic's President, Andy Nelkin stated they were going to use the networks affluent audience to market their new 107 inch hi definition television that cost $70,000. Shortly after a flurry of programming announcements were made with ski film maker Rage Films, episodic television series Ride Guide and a series with legendary action sports photographer Tony Harrington, entitled, “Storm Hunter.”
A big announcement was a partnership with Olympic Gold Medalist Jonny Moseley that made Moseley an investor in the channel, a spokesperson and gave Moseley a signature show on the network. The Moseley announcement came at “The Ski Channel Baby Shower” and was attended by ski and snowboard stars: Julia Mancuso, Kirstina Koznick, Lauren Ross and Dash Longe. Alexandra Paul, Donna Mills, Melissa Rivers, Dawnn Lewis, Jaron Lowenstein, Scott Grimes, Kevin Durand, Amy Pietz, Jason Gray Stanford, Sinjin Smith, Pam Shriver and George Lazenby attended as well.
On Nov, 10th 2008, it was reported in the media that the network had secured enough capital through a private placement to fund the channel through the life of the business, that it had hire a senior management team and that the network would be launching shortly.
On Nov. 17th 2008, it was reported by Business Week that the channel had added DirecTV and Verizon to its list of distributors, that it was launching on Christmas Day of 2008 and that it had acquired the broadcast rights to classic Warren Miller movies.
On June 1, 2009, it was announced that The Ski Channel had entered into a long term partnership with AT&T Uverse that would put the channel in approximately 20 Million Households.
As of May 1, 2010, The Ski Channel is in 26 million US television households and in every market in America. The channel has distribution partnerships with Time Warner Cable, DirecTV, Dish Network, Cablevision, AT&T, Verizon, RCN, Cox, Frontier Cable and programming partnerships with Warren Miller, Greg Stump and the US Freeski Tour.
In July of 2010, The Ski Channel announced a deal with Comcast that brings the network to 43 million US television households when added to the previous distribution.
The Surf Channel.
On August 3, 2012 Steve Bellamy announced that he's launching a third outlet, the Surf Channel, that will devote itself to beach, water and board sports, in mid-September. "Surf is probably the best canvas to paint on from a television perspective," Bellamy said. "You've got the most beautiful locations you could dream of, it's always fun and sun, you've got beautiful bodies, superhuman athleticism and the whole extreme thing, with people riding gigantic waves. It's where sport meets art in a lot of ways, and it's done in the most beautiful places in the world. It's a great place to do moving pictures."
Films.
In August 2010, Bellamy wrote and directed a film featuring mountain sports athletes including Bode Miller, Lindsey Vonn, Chris Davenport, Mike Douglas, Lynsey Dyer, Bobby Brown, Reggie Crist and Stephani Victor. That film won many film festivals including the Las Vegas Film Festival where Bellamy also won the award for best director. It featured a team making the climb to the top of Mt. Everest and some of the most extremely human flying ever captured on film. The next year it was followed up by "Winter" which starred Sarah Burke. That film also won countless film festivals.
Personal life.
Bellamy’s wife Beth Herr was a NCAA singles champion at USC, a No. 1 world-ranked junior tennis player, a top 20 professional tennis player and is a top-ranked female paddle tennis player in the world. They have four children who are all tennis players. Bellamy is an avid collector of rare guitars, a staunch animal rights activist and is a long time hard core vegan.

</doc>
<doc id="9746448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746448" title="Cooktown Airport">
Cooktown Airport

Cooktown Airport is an airport in Cooktown, Queensland, Australia and is the gateway to Cape York Peninsula. The airport is from the town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9746515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746515" title="Saikō no Kataomoi">
Saikō no Kataomoi

The single reached #50 in Japan. The CD's catalog number is GNCX-0005.
Track listing.
1. 最高の片想い
2. It's my life
3. 最高の片想い -instrumental-
4. It's my life -instrumental-

</doc>
<doc id="9746520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746520" title="Bruno Branciforte">
Bruno Branciforte

Bruno Branciforte (born November 6, 1947) is an Italian admiral, who was the last head of the Italian SISMI military intelligence, nominated by Prime minister Romano Prodi on November 21, 2006. He succeeded to Nicolò Pollari on December 16 and remained in charge until August 3, 2007, when SISMI was disbanded and transformed in AISE - Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna ("Agency for External Information and Security"). 
Born in Naples, he studied at the Naval Academy of Livorno. He entered the Italian Navy in 1969. From 1976 to 1978 he commanded the Aquila Corvette. In 1979 he was named to the Second Intelligence unit of the chief of staff of the Navy, before being appointed director of the Intelligence Center of the Navy and then director of the research center in 1985.
In 1985, he was named Captain of frigate, and quickly became first commandant of the cruiser "Vittorio Veneto", before being named commandant of the Alisea frigate. In 1987 he was again assigned to the chief of staff of the Navy, before being nominated in Washington D.C., where he worked from 1989 to 1992.
When he returned to Italy, he became commandant of the aircraft carrier "Giuseppe Garibaldi". Promoted Rear Admiral in 1995, he was from December 15, 2001 to February 12, 2002 Italy's representative at Tampa (USA), near the USCENTCOM, during Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. He became chief of staff of the Navy from 2001 to 2004
He was promoted Vice-Admiral in February 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9746539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746539" title="Mike Seerey">
Mike Seerey

Mike Seerey, (born October 23, 1950 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former U.S. soccer, forward and a two-time recipient of the Hermann Trophy as the outstanding collegiate soccer player of the year. He played four seasons in the North American Soccer League and was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Youth.
Seerey was a standout U.S. collegiate soccer player at St. Louis University where he starred for the school's men's soccer team from 1969 to 1972. During his four years with the Billikens, the team won the NCAA championship three times. In 1971, Seerey was a first team All American. He also won the Hermann Trophy as the top collegiate player of the year. Ironically, he was named the NCAA Tournament's Offensive MVP although this was the only year St. Louis did not win the championship during Seerey's four seasons. Seerey repeated as the Hermann Trophy winner in 1972, making him the second two-time winner after fellow St. Louis team mate Al Trost. However, he was not named to the All American list his senior year. As of 2007, he is ranked fourth on season points list at St. Louis with 55 in the 1971 season.
Olympics.
In addition to playing collegiate soccer, Seerey was also a member of the 1972 U.S. Olympic soccer team. He began playing with the Olympic team while in 1971 while still in college. That year, the team went 3-0-2 in first-round qualifications. In 1972, the U.S. qualified for its first Olympics in twelve years. Seerey scored two goals in a 2-0 victory over Guatemala and another two goals in a 2-2 tie with Mexico. The U.S. finished the second round qualifications with a 2-1-3 record and a berth in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Seerey started and played all 90 minutes in the first two U.S. games at the Olympics. In the first game, the U.S. held Morocco scoreless in a 0-0 tie. However, the next game brought the team back to Earth as Malaysia easily won 3-0. The U.S. coach sent out his reserves for the last game against host West Germany and Seerey watched his team mates get humbled 7-0.[http://www.sover.net/~spectrum/year/1972.html]
Professional.
After the Olympics, Seerey turned pro with the Miami Toros of the North American Soccer League (NASL). The Toros selected him in the first round (second overall) of the 1973 NASL draft. He played 14 games and scored 3 goals, adding 4 assists. The next year, he moved to the Saint Louis Stars, also of the NASL, where he played for the next three years. He never found his scoring touch with the Stars and when he retired from the NASL after the 1976 season, he had only scored 1 goal in 43 games with that team.

</doc>
<doc id="9746557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746557" title="ABCO Foods">
ABCO Foods

ABCO Foods was a chain of grocery stores in Phoenix and Tucson, Arizona for over 15 years, formed from a 1984 spin-off sale by the Alpha Beta division of American Stores. The Arizona regional management secured private financing to purchase the Arizona stores (most Alpha Beta locations were in California). Part of the sale agreement included a 5-year term to continue use of the Alpha Beta brand in Arizona.
The name "ABCO Markets" came about when the Alpha Beta branding agreement expired. The new name was derived from Alpha Beta's initials. The agreement also included a non-compete clause: American Stores could not reenter Arizona for a specified period of time. This agreement later allowed ABCO a first right of refusal when American Stores elected to sell the Arizona locations of Lucky supermarkets.
The company was under the head of Edward Hill before being sold to the Fleming Companies, Inc. in 1996. Under Fleming's leadership, ABCO changed its name to "ABCO Foods Desert Market" and converted all of its stores to a Southwestern-style desert exterior and interior design format, featuring facades of adobe and a very prominent pink color on its checkstands. In 1997, ABCO Foods applied for licenses to sell liquor at nine Tucson locations [http://www.tucsonaz.gov/agdocs/archive/19971124.htm].
When Fleming decided to pull out of the retail category, ABCO was one of the first chains put on the block. The result was the loss of these markets, consisting of 56 stores at the time of its closure. The last ABCO store closed in May 2001. The stores were sold separately to many different companies, including Albertsons, Bashas', Safeway Inc., Southwest Supermarkets, and many independent grocers operating as IGA stores. Over the past few years, many of these stores have, in turn, changed hands from their original buyers. ABCO Foods supermarket surprisingly relaunched in March 2006 and was a grocery store again in the area. The result was the other loss of these markets, consisting of 11 stores at the time of its closure again. The last ABCO store closed again in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9746610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746610" title="Cooma–Snowy Mountains Airport">
Cooma–Snowy Mountains Airport

Cooma–Snowy Mountains Airport is an airport located southwest Cooma, New South Wales, Australia. The airport serves the town of Cooma and the resorts of the Snowy Mountains and Australian Alps. The airport experiences increased traffic during the winter months.

</doc>
<doc id="9746653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746653" title="Bement Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Bement Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Bement Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,893 and it contained 798 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains one cemetery, Bement.

</doc>
<doc id="9746666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746666" title="Eva Lim">
Eva Lim

Eva Lim (born July 10, 1992 in Changsha, China) is a Dutch figure skater. She is the 2007 Dutch junior national champion and 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2012 Dutch silver medalist. In 2011, she couldn't compete because of an injury. She has competed internationally on the Junior Grand Prix circuit and at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9746668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746668" title="Eustachy Sapieha">
Eustachy Sapieha

Eustachy Kajetan Sapieha (2 August 1881 – 20 February 1963) was a Polish nobleman, prince of the Sapieha family, politician, Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs, and deputy to the Polish parliament (Sejm).
In 1900–04, he studied forestry in Zurich and earned a degree as an engineer. A conservative activist from Kresy, he worked with the Regency Council and Józef Piłsudski during the First World War. In 1917 he unsuccessfully negotiated with the Polish National Committee. Afterwards, disappointed with Piłsudski's leftist policies, he was an organizer of the failed 1919 "coup d'état"; despite that, he subsequently worked with Piłsudski and supported him. On 16 June 1919, Sapieha was delegated as the ambassador of Poland to the United Kingdom. On 4 June 1920 he signed, as a representative of Polish diplomacy, the Treaty of Trianon together with Erazm Piltz.
During the Polish-Soviet War, he served in the cavalry. Afterwards, in 1920, he was chosen by Prime Minister Władysław Grabski to head the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Although he successfully negotiated several agreements with Western powers, his negotiations over federation with Lithuania failed and, faced with criticism from the National Democrats, in 1921 he resigned his post.
In 1928–29 he was a Sejm deputy from the Non-partisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government. After the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939 he was arrested by the Soviets and imprisoned in the Lubyanka prison. After the Sikorski-Mayski Agreement, he joined Anders' Army. In 1941 he left to Kenya. After the war he did not return to then-communist Poland, and stayed in Nairobi.
In 1956 he was awarded the Order of the White Eagle by the Polish government in exile.

</doc>
<doc id="9746677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746677" title="KBQB">
KBQB

KBQB (92.7 FM, "Bob-FM") is a commercial radio station located in Chico, California. KBQB airs an adult hits music format.
The station signed on the air in 1993 as KLRS and branded as "Colors 92.7 FM". It played the Top 40 (CHR) music format and was one of the most popular stations in the market. The format changed to the current "BOB 92.7 FM" format in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9746700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746700" title="Blue Ridge Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Blue Ridge Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Blue Ridge Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,480 and it contained 641 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.91%) is land and (or 0.09%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains three cemeteries: Blue Ridge, Dunkard and Mansfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9746703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746703" title="Synizesis">
Synizesis

Synizesis is a sound change (metaplasm) in which two originally syllabic vowels are pronounced as a single syllable without change in writing. In Latin and Greek, this was often to preserve meter, but similar changes occur naturally in languages.
A tie may be used to represent this pronunciation: "dē͡hinc" (i.e., "deinc").
Examples.
Greek.
Homer:
Latin.
Vergil's Aeneid:
Etymology.
Greek "a sitting together", from "with" and "I sit".

</doc>
<doc id="9746724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746724" title="Barbara Klerk">
Barbara Klerk

Barbara Klerk (born 20 July 1989) is a Belgian figure skater. She is a two-time Belgian national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="9746727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746727" title="KROK International Animated Films Festival">
KROK International Animated Films Festival

The KROK International Animated Films Festival is an annual international animation film festival, and one of the main animation festivals in the territory of the former Soviet Union. It is held in Russia on even years and in Ukraine on odd years. The festival takes place over the course of 12 days between September and October on the cruise ship "Taras Shevchenko". When in Russia, it cruises along the Volga, and when in Ukraine it cruises along the Dnieper and the Black Sea.
The festival's history began at the 1987, perestroika-era Moscow International Film Festival, where it was decided to create separate contests for documentary, children's and animated films.
In 1989, the festival was first held as a separate event. The name "KROK" was thought up by Garri Bardin and means "step" in Ukrainian.
In 1991, with the dissolution of the Soviet Union, it was decided to make the festival international and it was held on a cruise ship for the first time.
As well as the competitive categories, the festival also features other animation screenings, events, and lectures. It is often attended by the top animators and directors of animation of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="9746754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746754" title="Tertön Sogyal">
Tertön Sogyal

Tertön Sogyal Lerab Lingpa (1856-1926) was a Tibetan Buddhist tertön and a teacher of the Thirteenth Dalai Lama.
Biography.
As a child, Tertön Sogyal was taught by Nyala Pema Duddul, Patrul Rinpoche, and Khenpo Pema Vajra at Dzogchen Monastery.
In the later years of his life, he stayed near Dodrupchen Monastery, often exchanging teachings with Dodrupchen Jikmé Tenpé Nyima.
He died on the tenth day of the first lunar month of the year of the Fire Tiger (1926).
Disciples.
His disciples included the Thirteenth Dalai Lama Thubten Gyatso, Jamgön Kongtrul, the Fifth Dzogchen Rinpoche (Thubten Chökyi Dorje), Dzogchen Khenpo Pema Vajra, Jamgon Ju Mipham Gyatso, Nyoshul Lungtok, Dzahka Choktrul Rinpoche, Tertön Drimé, Kathok Situ, Minyak Khenpo Kunzang Sonam, Dodrupchen Jikmé Tenpé Nyima, Demo Rinpoche, Dorje Drak Rigdzin Nyamnyi Dorje (1886-1932/5), Minling Trichen Rinpoche, Sakya Trichen, the Fifteenth Karmapa Khakhyab Dorje, Amdo Geshe Jampal Rolwe Lodrö and Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö.
His disciples also included Tulku Tsultrim Zangpo (aka Tsüllo) of Shukjung Monastery, who composed a biography of Tertön Sogyal which is more than 700 pages long. His lineage also passed on to his sons, such as Rigdzin Namgyal and Chöpel Gyatso, and to his grandson, Tromgé Tulku Dechen Dorjé, who currently lives at the Tromgé encampment in eastern Tibet (Khams).
Reincarnations.
There were three main incarnations of Tertön Sogyal: Khenpo Jigme Phuntsok, Sogyal Rinpoche and Gendün Rinchen (1926-1997), the late Je Khenpo of Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="9746767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746767" title="Nassirou Sabo">
Nassirou Sabo

Nassirou Sabo is a Nigerien politician. He was appointed Minister of Economic Promotion in the government named on March 2, 1990. Later, he became the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Cooperation and African Integration in the government of Prime Minister Hama Amadou named on January 5, 2000, serving in that position until he was replaced by Aïchatou Mindaoudou in the next government, named on September 17, 2001. He is a member of the National Movement for the Development of Society (MNSD) and is the party's Secretary of Economic and Financial Affairs.
Sabo met with Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji on July 26, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9746768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746768" title="Global Environmental Multiscale Model">
Global Environmental Multiscale Model

The Global Environmental Multiscale Model (GEM) is an integrated forecasting and data assimilation system developed in the Recherche en Prévision Numérique (RPN), Meteorological Research Branch (MRB), and the Canadian Meteorological Centre (CMC). Along with the NWS's Global Forecast System (GFS), which runs out to 16 days, the ECMWF's Integrated Forecast System (IFS), which runs out 10 days, the Naval Research Laboratory Navy Global Environmental Model (NAVGEM), which runs out eight days, and the UK Met Office's Unified Model, which runs out to 6 days, it is one of the five predominant synoptic scale medium-range models in general use.
The GEM model is currently operational for the global data assimilation cycle and medium-range forecasting, the regional data assimilation spin-up cycle and short-range forecasting. Furthermore mesoscale forecasts are produced overnight and are available to the operational forecasters. A growing number of meteorological applications are now either based on or use the GEM model. Output from the GEM goes out to 10 days, on par with the Integrated Forecast System and the effective range of the Global Forecast System, the GEM's primary rivals from Europe and the United States respectively. An ensemble variant of the GEM runs alongside the GFS ensemble to form the North American Ensemble Forecast System.
The GEM model has been developed to meet the operational weather forecasting needs of Canada for the coming years. These presently include short-range regional forecasting, medium-range global forecasting, and data assimilation. In the future they will include nowcasting at the meso-scales, and dynamic extended-range forecasting on monthly to seasonal timescales. The essence of the approach is to develop a single highly efficient model that can be reconfigured at run time to either run globally at uniform-resolution (with possibly degraded resolution in the "other" hemisphere), or to run with variable resolution over a global domain such that high resolution is focused over an area of interest.
The operational GEM model dynamics is formulated in terms of the hydrostatic primitive equations with a terrain following pressure vertical coordinate (h). The time discretization is an implicit two-time-level semi-Lagrangian scheme. The spatial discretization is a Galerkin grid-point formulation on an Arakawa C-grid in the horizontal (lat-lon) and an unstaggered vertical discretization. The horizontal mesh can be of uniform or variable resolution, and furthermore can be arbitrarily rotated, the vertical mesh is also variable. The explicit horizontal diffusion is -2 on all prognostic variables.
The operational GEM model is interfaced with a full complement of physical parametrizations, these currently include:
The next stage of development of the GEM model is to evaluate the non-hydrostatic version for mesoscale applications where the hydrostatic assumption breaks down. The limited-area (open-boundary) version is scheduled to follow. The distributed memory version of GEM is almost completed, it is a major recoding effort that is based upon a locally developed communication interface currently using Message Passing Interface. Research on the performance of different land surface schemes such as ISBA (Interaction Soil-Biosphere-Atmosphere) and CLASS (Canadian Land Surface Scheme) is making progress.
The strategy is progressing towards a unified data assimilation and forecast system, at the heart of which lies a single multipurpose and multiscale numerical model.

</doc>
<doc id="9746775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746775" title="Kerstin Frank">
Kerstin Frank

Kerstin Frank (born 23 October 1988) is an Austrian figure skater. She is a two-time Austrian national champion and has won international medals at the Ondrej Nepela Memorial, Challenge Cup, Merano Cup, Crystal Skate of Romania, and other events. At the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy, Frank qualified a ladies' entry for her country at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.

</doc>
<doc id="9746790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746790" title="Coonamble Airport">
Coonamble Airport

Coonamble Airport is an airport located south of Coonamble, New South Wales, Australia. The airport is from the Coonamble post office.

</doc>
<doc id="9746798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746798" title="University of Maryland, Baltimore County student organizations">
University of Maryland, Baltimore County student organizations

The University of Maryland, Baltimore County funds a number of notable student-run organizations and clubs on campus.
UMBC Anime Society.
The UMBC Anime Society was founded by Eric T. Williamson in 1994. Every semester UAS holds a continuous 24 hour anime marathon free to the public.
UMBC Chess.
The UMBC chess team, which has won Pan-American Championships against fields with dozens of teams, including Ivy League institutions and other top competitors, has received substantial recognition for its record of success. Through 2002, the team had proven dominant in winning the Pan-American Intercollegiate Chess Championship six out of seven years. However, in the two following years it was upset in the tournament by its chief rival in chess, UT-Dallas. In 2005, UMBC defeated UT-Dallas en route to its third consecutive Final Four of College Chess. However, with this success certain aspects of the program have also drawn scrutiny. It has been reported that UMBC is only one of two schools (along with UT-Dallas) in the United States to offer major scholarship packages for chess proficiency, and was cited as a potential motivator in a WSJ article discussing the potential for firmer guidelines on eligibility for collegiate chess. The university hosted the 2006 Pan American Chess Championships, which were held at the Washington, D.C. Renaissance Hotel in late December. The team's most recent achievement was a third place finish in the 2013 President's Cup behind UT-Dallas and the winners from Webster University in St. Louis.
UMBC Debate.
UMBC has a debate club that competes in American Parliamentary Debate Association tournaments. The club is open to all UMBC undergraduate and graduate students and does not hold try outs for the team. Since its re-inception in 2009, UMBC has had an annual spot in hosting an APDA sanctioned tournament.
UMBC Ice Hockey.
The UMBC Ice Hockey team [http://www.umbcicehockey.com/] plays in the American College Hockey Association (ACHA) Division 2. They play in the Mid-Atlantic College Hockey Conference (MACHA). They play out of Piney Orchard Ice Arena, the old Washington Capitals training facility, in Odenton, Maryland. The team has won back-to-back MACHA Championships, 2009 Crabpot Champions and finished the season ranked 4th in the Southeast region of the ACHA and made it to the final four of the ACHA D2 National Tournament. The head coach is Aaron Voegtli.
LGBT Organizations at UMBC.
The university has two known groups for LGBT students, allies, faculty, and staff; the Freedom Alliance and QUMBC. The Freedom Alliance was established in 1995, originally from the Gender Variance Support Group. QUMBC, standing for "Queers United, Mobilized & Bringing Change" in a newer group at the university. 
The UMBC Mama's Boys.
UMBC Mama's Boys was the first club a cappella group at UMBC, founded in the fall of 2003 by four freshmen and remains one of the most active student organizations on UMBC's campus. Their first concert took place on May 4, 2004 and have since performed all along the eastern seaboard at a cappella concerts, college expos, comedy shows and malls. Their annual concert events Festivus Acappellius and a Winter Ball in the fall semester; and, Acapocalypse and a luau in the spring.
Quadmania.
Quadmania is an annual celebration sponsored by the Student Events Board which includes a carnival, entertainment, and an afterparty. In 2006, the entertainment was headlined by the band Taking Back Sunday. Quadmania of 2007 represented the 25th anniversary of the festival. It featured the All-American Rejects, All Time Low, several local bands, and 3 days of carnival. 2008 featured T-Pain.
The Retriever Weekly.
The Retriever Weekly is a student newspaper serving the UMBC student, faculty, and staff body. It is published in weekly editions both in print and online, and covers campus events, athletics, visual and performing arts, popular entertainment, and political commentary. The editorial staff consists of an Editor-in-Chief, Managing Editor, and section editors for News, Opinion, Arts & Entertainment, Sports, and Photography. The staff also includes several layout assistants and copy editors, as well as a Business and Technology department.
Student Events Board.
The Student Events Board (seb) is UMBC's major event-planning organization. The organization consists of 14-15 students, with the assistance of an advisor and a graduate assistant advisor. (seb) provides UMBC with various events, including major concerts, weekly movies, karaoke nights, trivia nights, freestyle battles, game nights, dances and parties, and other events.
Student government.
Graduate Student Association.
The Graduate Student Association represents all graduate students at UMBC. The association serves as a bridge between the graduate student body and the larger campus community.
UMBC Student Government Association.
The Student Government Association (SGA) represents all undergraduate students at UMBC. The SGA meets with key administrators and approves campus wide policies in support of undergraduate student issues. Student body elections are held annually in the spring. The current President of the Student Government Association is Kaylesh Ramu.

</doc>
<doc id="9746812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746812" title="James Jones (wide receiver)">
James Jones (wide receiver)

James DeAndre Jones (born March 31, 1984) is an American football wide receiver for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at San Jose State University.
Early years.
Jones and his mother lived in various homeless shelters. Jones then lived with his paternal grandmother during his high school years and Janet Jean Jones mother who paid their rent and purchased James Jones first suit. At Gunderson High School in San Jose, California, Jones played basketball, track, and football. During his senior year, Jones was his team's most valuable player as a quarterback. Jones credits his Pop Warner football coach, Marion Larrea, with turning his life around. Larrea saw potential in Jones and treated him as part of his own family. At San Jose State is where Jones fine tuned his skills under the leadership of Wideout coach Keith (K-Dubb) Williams. After winning the Super Bowl in 2011, Jones autographed and gave his game worn jersey to Larrea, saying he would not have achieved what he did without him.
College career.
After three years at San Jose State University, Jones had a breakthrough 2006 senior season, where he caught 70 passes, good for 893 yards and 10 TDs. Jones capped off his senior season by catching six passes (106 yards), two for touchdowns, en route to being named the offensive MVP of the inaugural New Mexico Bowl. His accomplishments his senior year earned him second team All-WAC honors along with an invite to the NFL Combine in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
James Jones was selected by the Green Bay Packers in the 3rd round of the 2007 NFL Draft.
Jones was a starter for the Packers in the first game of the 2007 season. He caught four passes for 29 total yards in a 16–13 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles. Jones scored his first professional touchdown in a week four match-up vs. the Minnesota Vikings at the Metrodome. With Green Bay leading 16–9, Brett Favre hit Jones on a pass down the right sideline that went 33 yards for a touchdown, giving Green Bay a 23–9 lead. The Packers would end up winning the game 23–16. Jones was announced as the Diet Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Week for games played on October 28–29, 2007. Jones had three receptions for 107 yards including a first-quarter 79-yard touchdown in the Packers' 19–13 win over the Denver Broncos. Jones finished the year with 47 receptions for 676 yards and two touchdowns.
In 2009-2010 season, Jones was the depth chart three receiver on the team, behind Donald Driver and Greg Jennings. In 2009, Jones caught 32 passes, had 440 receiving yards and scored 5 touchdowns. Jones added 3 receptions, 50 yards and 1 touchdown in Green Bay's Wild Card playoff overtime loss at Arizona.
In 2010, Jones had 50 receptions for 679 yards and 5 touchdowns. He scored 2 touchdowns in the 2010-11 NFL Playoffs, one each in the Wild Card and Divisional round vs the Philadelphia Eagles and Atlanta Falcons respectively. In Super Bowl XLV vs. the Pittsburgh Steelers, Jones caught 5 passes for 50 yards in Green Bay's 31-25 triumph.
Jones was a free agent in 2011. During the offseason, it was widely speculated that Jones would seek a higher salary with another team. However, he signed a three-year contract with the Packers on 31 July. In 2011, Jones had 635 receiving yards and scored 7 touchdowns with 38 receptions.
In 2012, Jones started all 16 regular season games for the first time in his career. He posted career highs in receptions (64), receiving yards (784) and touchdowns (14). His 14 touchdown receptions led the entire NFL. On October 14 against the Houston Texans, Jones caught two touchdown passes for the third consecutive game, this tied a franchise record established by Don Hutson in 1943. On December 16 against the Chicago Bears, Jones had 3 touchdown catches for the first time in a single game in his career. Jones started both of Green Bay's games in the 2012-13 NFL Playoffs. In the Packers Wild Card playoff victory against the Minnesota Vikings, Jones posted 4 receptions for 51 yards. The following week, Jones had 4 catches, 87 yards and 1 touchdown in the Packers Divisional Round playoff loss to the San Francisco 49ers.
Oakland Raiders.
On March 17, 2014, Jones signed a three-year deal with the Oakland Raiders.
Personal life.
Jones is a Christian. When Jones won the Super Bowl, he echoed what teammate Greg Jennings spoke when he said, "To God be the glory".

</doc>
<doc id="9746813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746813" title="KROK">
KROK

KROK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9746873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746873" title="Centralia, Washington (Amtrak station)">
Centralia, Washington (Amtrak station)

The Centralia Union Depot is a train station in Centralia, Washington, United States served by Amtrak's (the National Railroad Passenger Corporation) Amtrak "Cascades" and "Coast Starlight".
Although the Amtrak "Cascades" runs between Eugene, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, there is no train that starts at one terminus and ends at the other. However, each day eight Amtrak "Cascades" trains (four northbound and four southbound) stop at the Centralia Union Depot.
Of the eighteen Washington stations served by Amtrak, Centralia was the twelfth busiest in FY10, boarding or detraining an average of about 65 passengers daily.
The track and platforms are owned by BNSF Railway. Local transit connections are provided by Twin Transit.
History.
The station was constructed by the Northern Pacific Railway (NP) and opened in 1912. It is the third station to have been constructed in Centralia since rail service began in 1880.
The large brick structure was built to accommodate a 400% population boom in the area from 1900-1914. Only 2 years after its opening, Centralia Union Depot was being served by 44 passenger trains and 17 freight trains daily. The station faced 14 hotels along Tower Avenue, as well as 5 theaters and 8 banks in the downtown core.
The demise of NP with its merger into Burlington Northern Railroad (BN) in 1970 and the creation of Amtrak to provide passenger rail service in 1971, coupled with increased automobile traffic on Interstate 5 saw the Centralia Union Depot deteriorate, much as the city's downtown core was experiencing economic decline. Local civic leaders recognized the problem during the mid-1980s and began a two-decade project that would see the structure acquired by the city and restored as part of a larger downtown revitalization project.
The 1996 merger of BN with the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to form the BNSF Railway (BNSF) spurred both the city and the state Department of Transportation (Rail Branch) to negotiate with BNSF to acquire the depot. Following its purchase, the city began the design process for the historic restoration which took place as follows:
The restoration project was completed in April 2002 and celebrated in the city's "Railroad Days" festival.
The depot is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="9746878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746878" title="Nella Simaová">
Nella Simaová

Nella Simaová (born 21 July 1988) is a Czech figure skater. She is the 2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb champion and a two-time Czech national champion (2008 and 2009). 

</doc>
<doc id="9746888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746888" title="Romanian months">
Romanian months

The traditional Romanian calendar has its own names for the months, which are otherwise identical to those of the Gregorian calendar. In modern Romania and Moldova, the latter is exclusively used for business and government transactions, and predominates in popular use as well. Nevertheless, the traditional names of the months do appear in some contexts, for instance on ecclesiastical calendars produced by the Romanian Orthodox Church.
All the names of the months are of Latin origin, which indicates that their use predates the Slavic contact around the 8th century. Six months have their names derived from characteristics of the months. Five are derived from the Latin names now used in the Gregorian calendar (and earlier in the Julian calendar). However, each of these has a folk etymology and an additional meaning. The last month, December, derives its name from that of Saint Andrew.

</doc>
<doc id="9746889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746889" title="Tumalo Mountain">
Tumalo Mountain

Tumalo Mountain is a shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon, located just northeast of Mount Bachelor across the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain, producing a bowl which is popular with local backcountry skiers. A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in the 1930s, but abandoned in the 1970s and subsequently removed. A trail to the summit ascends the southwest flank of the volcano.

</doc>
<doc id="9746893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746893" title="Canadian Meteorological Centre">
Canadian Meteorological Centre

The Canadian Meteorological Centre (CMC) is the branch of Environment Canada's Meteorological Service of Canada that is tasked with providing forecast guidance to national and regional prediction centres. It is made up of three branches: 
The "Informatics Branch" provides centralized computing and telecommunications services to meet the Atmospheric Environment Programs' objectives, support other departmental operations, and assist other approved users. It operates and maintains the supercomputer facility in Dorval and various telecommunications networks. 
The "Operations Branch" is responsible for the meteorological operations of numerous production systems for weather, climate, air quality, and environmental programs at the Canadian Meteorological Centre. In addition, the Branch provides highly specialized support to environmental emergencies. Its outputs contribute and satisfy national and international Meteorological Service of Canada's operational and related commitments. 
The "Development Branch" is responsible for the technology transfer from research to operations of the Canadian environmental prediction system. In addition, the Branch is responsible for developing and improving systems and products for the Meteorological Service of Canada and other important clients and partners, and to ensure the proper technology transfer of these into an operational environment. One of its main component is the "Recherche en Prévision Numérique".

</doc>
<doc id="9746895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746895" title="Fort Lisa (Nebraska)">
Fort Lisa (Nebraska)

Fort Lisa (1812–1823) was established in 1812 in what is now North Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska by famed fur trader Manuel Lisa and the Missouri Fur Company, which was based in Saint Louis. The fort was associated with several firsts in Nebraska history: Lisa was the first European farmer in Nebraska; it was the settlement by American citizens set up in the then-recent Louisiana Purchase; Lisa's wife (his third) was the first woman resident of European descent in Nebraska; and the first steamboat to navigate Nebraska waters, the "Western Engineer", arrived at Fort Lisa on September 19, 1819.
History.
Lisa established Fort Lisa on the Missouri River about 12 miles north of what became Omaha after abandoning his trading posts in the Upper Missouri River Valley, which were Fort Raymond/Manuel in Montana and the original Fort Lisa in North Dakota. The War of 1812 disrupted the fur trade with Native Americans for years.
Fort Lisa (Nebraska) was located, "at a point between five and six miles below the original Council Bluff - where Lewis and Clark had a council with the Missouri and Otoe Indians, August 3, 1804, and now the site of the town of Fort Calhoun..." The site of Fort Lisa is located at 11808 John J. Pershing Drive in the northwest corner of Hummel Park, north of Florence, Nebraska. Father De Smet, a historical figure after Lisa's time, identified the fort as being a mile north of Cabanne's Trading Post on the Ponca Creek.
The fort traded in furs, cattle, horses and land, and served as a base from which Manuel Lisa acted as a sub-agent to neighboring tribes for the federal government.
With his wide trading network, Manuel Lisa had a unique role in relation to American Indian tribes. He traveled extensively among them to share agricultural products and build relations, as well as to promote trade. According to one source, the influence of Manuel Lisa, exerted from Fort Lisa, was strong enough to hold all the Missouri River Indians firmly in alliance with the United States during the War of 1812. He organized war expeditions from Fort Lisa against tribes on the Mississippi River allied with the British. During the same period he secured the allegiance of tribes along the northern Missouri River. 
In 1819 the first steamboat to ply the Missouri River, the "Western Engineer", piloted by Stephen Harriman Long, arrived at the fort. Aboard the ship were General Henry Atkinson and Captain Stephen Watt Kearny, both important to the future development of the American West. Later forts in the Nebraska Territory were named after them: Fort Atkinson and Fort Kearny.
Lisa spent the winter of 1819-20 at Fort Lisa with his third wife, Mary Hempstead Keeney. That winter at the fort, they had the company of Major Stephen H. Long, whose famous expedition encamped a mile and a half north of Fort Lisa. In 1820 Lisa returned to St. Louis, where he died that year. 
Major Joshua Pilcher next ran Fort Lisa and succeeded Lisa as president of the Missouri Fur Company. He closed Fort Lisa in 1823 after building Pilcher's Post downriver at what became Bellevue. 
Fort Lisa likely influenced the positioning of several nearby historically significant sites. In competition, the American Fur Company established Cabanne's Trading Post two and one-half miles south in 1822. The proximity of the posts, along with Fort Atkinson, in turn influenced the positioning of Cutler's Park, the Mormon Bridge, Fort Omaha, and Florence. These establishments attracted the flow of Mormon Trail pioneers, which in turn led to the development of Kanesville, Omaha, Saratoga, and eventually all of North Omaha, as well as many further points in the western expansion of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9746916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746916" title="Checkmate (rapper)">
Checkmate (rapper)

Checkmate is a Canadian hip hop artist from Vancouver. He is most known for guesting on the Rascalz' 1998 single "Northern Touch", which also which featured Kardinal Offishall, Choclair, and Thrust. He has also done work with Rascalz outside "Northern Touch". His 2002 album R.A.W. was nominated at the 2003 Juno Awards for 'Rap Recording of the Year'.
He made a guest appearance on Emily Jordan's eponymous album in 2004.
He is now working with fellow Canadian rapper Concise the Dark Knight as half of the rap group duo Defenders of the Faith. Together they have released several albums including Afrikan Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="9746930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746930" title="KFMF">
KFMF

KFMF (93.9 FM, "The Hippo") is a commercial radio station located in Chico, California. KFMF airs a classic rock music format.

</doc>
<doc id="9746933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746933" title="Recherche en Prévision Numérique">
Recherche en Prévision Numérique

The center Recherche en Prévision Numérique (RPN) is responsible for the research and development of the modelling component of the Numerical Weather Prediction (NWP) System for the Canadian Meteorological Centre (CMC) and the Regional Meteorological Centers of the Meteorological Service of Canada (MSC), Environment Canada (EC).

</doc>
<doc id="9746936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746936" title="Cerro Gordo Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Cerro Gordo Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Cerro Gordo Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,046 and it contained 874 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains four cemeteries: Cerro Gordo, Clover, County and LaPlace.

</doc>
<doc id="9746969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746969" title="Goose Creek Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Goose Creek Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Goose Creek Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 790 and it contained 355 housing units.
Ameren's Goose Creek Energy Center, a combustion turbine generator (CTG) power plant, is located in Goose Creek Township.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.96%) is land and (or 0.02%) is water.
Cemeteries.
The township contains eight cemeteries: Deland, Dillow Family, Dooley Family, Kentuck, Marquiss, Morain, Mosgrove and Old Monticello.

</doc>
<doc id="9746977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746977" title="Ukrainian House">
Ukrainian House

The International Convention Center "Ukrainian House" () is the largest international exhibition and convention center in Kiev (Kyiv), Ukraine. Popularly referred to as just "Ukrainian House", this five-storey building is the host venue for a variety of events from exhibitions, trade fairs and conferences to international association meetings, product launches, banquets, TV-ceremonies, sporting events, etc.
Location.
Ukrainian House is situated on 2 Khreshchatyk Street, overlooking European Square in the heart of the Ukrainian capital. The rear of the center adjoins the southern outskirts of the Volodymyrska Hill Park. The building is not far from the main square of the country - Maidan (Independence Square), as well as Dnipro Hotel, Khreschatyk Hotel and Hotel Ukraine.
Visitors can easily reach Ukrainian House by any public transport including the Kiev Metro. On-site parking space is also available. All major attractions of the city are within a walking distance from the center such as Independence Square, St.Sophia’s Cathedral, Michael’s Golden Dome Monastery, Andrew’s Street (Uzviz) with souvenirs, and numerous shopping centers, fine restaurants and hotels.
History and use.
Built in 1978–1982, this monumental building was originally erected as a Kiev affiliate of the All-Union Lenin Museum, displaying materials documenting Lenin's life. The building was designed and built by the "Chief Kyiv Project" architects group led by Vadym Hopkalo, with assistance by Vadym Hrechyna, Volodymyr Kolomiyets, and Leonid Filenko. In 1985 the authors of the project received the Shevchenko State Prize of the Ukrainian SSR.
Since 1938 the Kiev city exhibition of the All-Union Lenin Museum was located in Teacher House at 57 Volodymyr Street. The museum was moved to the Ukrainian House building when it was opened in 1982, where it remained until after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. On April 2, 1993 the building was renamed and converted to a conference and exhibition hall. The Lenin museum exhibition was dismounted and placed into storage funds.
In 2004 the entire collection of the Museum of the History of Kyiv was moved from its location at the Klov Palace to the fourth and fifth floor of Ukrainian House, where much of the collection remains to this day.
Operations today.
Today, the Government company "National Center of Business and Cultural Cooperation "Ukrainian House"" (part of the State Management of Affairs agency) owns the structure and arranges concerts, cultural festivals, local exhibitions, conferences, conventions, trade fairs, symposiums etc.
Ukrainian House has 5 storeys with fully flexible spaces and halls to fit any needs from small private meetings to large-scale gatherings for up to 3,500 participants. It has all the necessary facilities from conference halls, exhibition spaces and auditoriums to an on-site restaurant and outdoor terraces.
Euromaidan protests.
Ukrainian House was taken over in December 2013 by the Berkut special police forces during the Euromaidan protests. There were claims that the Berkut unit ransacked the building and possibly pilfered some of the museum collection.
On the 25th of January 2014 the House was besieged by Euromaidan protesters. After a long confrontation the police launched a counterattack on the main barricades and many retreated in order to secure the barricades but a number stayed. At around 11pm GMT a truce was called where no side attacked each other. A long bout of negotiation followed. The final result being the 200 police officers still inside leaving through a side window.
When the Euromaidan protestors gained control over Ukrainian House, it provided a community shelter for fellow civilians and protestors who were engaging in the revolution. The Ukraine House center provides free legal advice, a place to sleep, medical care, travel information, and psychiatric help. With all the chaos that was happening during this struggle, one couple, Viktor Bisovetskyi and his wife, Inna, joined the occupants of the building and opened a library during this anti-government movement known as Euromaidan. Since most of the space was occupied, the couple found room in the corner of the basement. There, countless librarians, friends, and civilians donated books, travel guides, magazines and philosophy texts to this library.
As of late March 2014 and the Crimean crisis, Ukrainian House is acting as a base for the "Self-defense of the Maidan", one of the major Euromaidan militias. It is also currently an assembly area and public relations coordination site for the National Guard of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="9746987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746987" title="Monticello Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Monticello Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Monticello Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 5,906 and it contained 2,651 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.88%) is land and (or 0.12%) is water. The streams of Camp Creek and Goose Creek run through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains four cemeteries: Haneline, Monticello, Monticello and Woolington.

</doc>
<doc id="9746992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746992" title="Lynn Kriengkrairut">
Lynn Kriengkrairut

Lynn Kriengkrairut (born October 4, 1988) is an American ice dancer. With partner Logan Giulietti-Schmitt, she is a two-time (2011–2012) Ice Challenge champion and the 2012 U.S. national pewter medalist.
Career.
Early in her career, Kriengkrairut skated with Jon Lauten. She teamed up with Logan Giuletti-Schmitt in 2006; he found her on IcePartnerSearch and contacted her. They arranged a three-day tryout but on the second day they agreed to a partnership and began immediate preparations for the new season. They were coached by Yuri Chesnichenko and Yaroslava Nechaeva from the start of their partnership. They won the junior bronze medal at the 2007 U.S. Championships in their first season together.
Kriengkrairut / Giulietti-Schmitt received a host invitation to compete at 2010 Skate America where they finished 6th. At the 2011 U.S. Championships, they were in fourth after the short dance but dropped to fifth overall after a fall at the end of their free dance.
At the 2012 U.S. Championships, Kriengkrairut / Giulietti-Schmitt placed 4th in both segments and won the pewter medal. The following season, they were 5th at the 2013 U.S. Championships. They changed coaches in February 2014, joining Igor Shpilband in Novi, Michigan. In April 2014, they decided to retire from competition.
Personal life.
Kriengkrairut is of Thai descent. She was raised in Bismarck, North Dakota and attended Century High School. She studied at the University of Michigan with a focus on brain, behavior, and cognitive sciences. As of April 2014, she intended to apply to medical school.

</doc>
<doc id="9747013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747013" title="Chester Gillette">
Chester Gillette

Chester Ellsworth Gillette (August 9, 1883March 30, 1908), an American convicted murderer, became the basis for the fictional character Clyde Griffiths in the Theodore Dreiser novel, "An American Tragedy", which in turn was the basis of the 1931 film "An American Tragedy" and of the 1951 Academy Award-winning film "A Place in the Sun".
Background.
Gillette was born in Montana, but spent part of his childhood in Spokane, Washington. His parents were financially comfortable, but deeply religious, and eventually renounced material wealth to join the Salvation Army. The family traveled around the West Coast and Hawaii during his adolescence. Chester never took to the religious aspects of his upbringing. He attended Oberlin College's preparatory school on the generosity of a wealthy uncle, but left after two years, in 1903. After leaving school, he worked at odd jobs until 1905, when he took a position at an uncle's skirt factory in Cortland, New York.
Murder of Grace Brown.
At the factory Gillette met Grace Brown, another employee. Gillette and Brown soon began a sexual relationship, with Brown assuming Gillette would marry her. In the spring of 1906, Brown revealed that she was pregnant. She continued to pressure Gillette to marry her, often writing him pleading letters. Brown then returned to her parents' home for a time, but returned to Cortland when she discovered that Gillette had been courting other girls. One popular tale featured a Miss Harriet Benedict, a wealthy acquaintance of Gillette whom the newspapers later speculated was the "other woman" for whom Chester had left Grace. Harriet heatedly denied this, even going so far as to issue a formal press release proclaiming: "I have never been engaged to Chester E. Gillette ... our acquaintance was of ... a limited duration and that not a word or suggestion was ever made between us (about an engagement)."
As the spring and summer of 1906 progressed, others noticed an increasing frequency of Gillette's raised voice and Brown's tears at the factory or at each other's homes. Brown continued to press Gillette for some kind of decision, while Gillette played for time with vague statements about their future and of their going away on a trip sometime soon.
Finally, Gillette made arrangements for a trip to the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York. The pair stopped and stayed for a night in Utica, New York and then continued to Big Moose Lake in Herkimer County. At a nearby hotel, Gillette registered under a false name (although one that used his own initials, to match the monogram on his suitcase). He was carrying one suitcase and a tennis racquet. Brown at this point may have expected some kind of elopement ceremony.
On the morning of July 11, Gillette took Brown out in a rowboat on Big Moose Lake, where he clubbed her with his tennis racquet and left her to drown. He returned alone and lay low at his hotel. Later, witnesses would say that Gillette seemed calm, collected and perfectly at ease; nothing was amiss. Brown's bruised and beaten body was found at the bottom of the lake the next day. Gillette had done a poor job of planning the cover-up and was quickly arrested in nearby Inlet.
Trial and execution.
The trial took place in Herkimer County and quickly drew nationwide attention. Gillette's defense attorney claimed that his client was innocent, that Brown had committed suicide and Gillette was a helpless onlooker to the suicide. The jury convicted Gillette of murder. The New York Appeals Court upheld the verdict and Governor Charles Evans Hughes refused to grant clemency or give a reprieve. On March 30, 1908, Chester Gillette died in the electric chair at Auburn Prison in Auburn, New York. The case was officially reported as "People v. Gillette", 191 N.Y. 107, 83 N.E. 680 (1908).
In recent years.
The television series "Unsolved Mysteries" aired an episode about the historical incident of Gillette and Brown in January 1996.
In 2007, Gillette's diary, which he wrote during the last seven months he was in prison, was donated to the Hamilton College Library by Gillette's grandniece. In addition to the diary, twelve letters written by Gillette during his time in prison were also donated. Eleven of the letters were addressed to Bernice Ferrin, a friend of the family who moved to Auburn, NY to stay with Gillette's sister Hazel. The twelfth letter, a farewell letter written the day before his execution, was addressed to Hazel Gillette. The diary and letters were published [http://www.hamilton.edu/library/couperpress/occasional.html#gillette] in December 2007, almost 100 years after the execution of Chester Gillette.

</doc>
<doc id="9747014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747014" title="John Wensink">
John Wensink

John Wensink (born April 1, 1953 in Cornwall, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player.
Growing up in Maxville, Ontario the son of Dutch immigrants, Wensink is best remembered for his time with the Boston Bruins, where he teamed with Terry O'Reilly and Stan Jonathan as the team's enforcers. In one of the most infamous moments in National Hockey League history, on December 1, 1977, Wensink, after just fighting Alex Pirus of the Minnesota North Stars, skated over to the Minnesota bench and motioned with his hands, challenging the entire team but no player responded. Wensink is also well known for his large afro that he sported on the ice. In another scrap with Bob Kelly (another 1970s hockey player with an afro), Wensink and Kelly were pulling at each other's hair.
Besides his skill as a fighter, Wensink also could score as well. He had a career high 46 points in the 1978/79 season for the Bruins.
Wensink played for Nijmegen Tigers in the Dutch Eredivisie in 1984–85. In 1989 he played for the Netherlands national ice hockey team in the 1989 World Ice Hockey Championships, Pool C.
Currently, John Wensink continues to play hockey in a Sunday night men's league at the Summit Center in Chesterfield, MO.

</doc>
<doc id="9747028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747028" title="Logan Giulietti-Schmitt">
Logan Giulietti-Schmitt

Logan Giulietti-Schmitt (born August 16, 1985) is an American ice dancer. With partner Lynn Kriengkrairut, he is a two-time (2011–2012) Ice Challenge champion and the 2012 U.S. national pewter medalist.
Career.
Early in his career, Giulietti-Schmitt skated with Caitlin Morocco on the intermediate level and Mauri Gustafson on the junior level. His partnership with Gustafson came to an end in late June 2006, leaving him with little time to find a new partner for the next season. He found Lynn Kriengkrairut on IcePartnerSearch and contacted her. They arranged a three-day tryout but on the second day they agreed to a partnership and began immediate preparations for the new season. They were coached by Yuri Chesnichenko and Yaroslava Nechaeva from the start of their partnership. They won the junior bronze medal at the 2007 U.S. Championships in their first season together.
Kriengkrairut / Giulietti-Schmitt received a host invitation to compete at 2010 Skate America where they finished 6th. At the 2011 U.S. Championships, they were in fourth after the short dance but dropped to fifth overall after a fall at the end of their free dance.
At the 2012 U.S. Championships, Kriengkrairut / Giulietti-Schmitt placed 4th in both segments and won the pewter medal. The following season, they were 5th at the 2013 U.S. Championships. They changed coaches in February 2014, joining Igor Shpilband in Novi, Michigan. In April 2014, they decided to retire from competition.
Giulietti-Schmitt is the director of the Learn To Skate program at Ann Arbor Skating Club.
Personal life.
In December 2008, Giulietti-Schmitt earned a Bachelor's degree in geology from Eastern Michigan University.

</doc>
<doc id="9747031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747031" title="Sangamon Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Sangamon Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Sangamon Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,357 and it contained 929 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.85%) is land and (or 0.13%) is water. Lakes in this township include Buck Pond (historical). The stream of Madden Creek runs through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains nine cemeteries: Argo, Boyer, Bucks Pond, Camp Creek, Hughes, Ingram, Mackey, Madden and Mallory.

</doc>
<doc id="9747038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747038" title="Cunnamulla Airport">
Cunnamulla Airport

Cunnamulla Airport is an airport in Cunnamulla, Queensland, Australia. The airport is west northwest from the town.

</doc>
<doc id="9747064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747064" title="Unity Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Unity Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Unity Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,418 and it contained 666 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.
Cemeteries.
The township contains six cemeteries: Antioch, Hammond, Lake Fork, Long, Mackville and Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="9747073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747073" title="Sprayberry High School">
Sprayberry High School

Sprayberry High School is a public high school located in eastern Cobb County in Georgia. Middle schools feeding upcoming students into Sprayberry are McCleskey, Daniell, and Simpson Middle School. The school mascot is the Yellow Jacket.
School Profile.
Sprayberry High School, located in Marietta, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta, is a comprehensive senior high school (grades 9-12) of approximately 1700. The school opened in 1952 at a location on Cobb Parkway and then moved to its current location at 2525 Sandy Plains Road in 1973. Sprayberry High School is a microcosm of Cobb County in that it serves students from a variety of ethnic groups, socio-economic levels, and academic abilities.
History.
Sprayberry was founded the day after Labor Day in 1952 in Marietta, GA. The high school was originally founded in the building now occupied by The Walker School (a private school), on Cobb Parkway (U.S. 41) at the north corner of Allgood Road. Sprayberry is now located on the west corner of Sandy Plains Road at Piedmont Road. Since then, the area historically known as Sandy Plains has now come to be known as Sprayberry, stretching somewhat northeast from the intersection to Post Oak Tritt Road, and to the Sprayberry post office at Ebenezer Road.
Academics.
Sprayberry High School is known for its academics and programs in the arts and has been named a National School of Excellence and Georgia School of Excellence twice, an accomplishment made by only two other schools. It has also been recognized by Newsweek Magazine and the Washington Post as one of the Top 5% of High Schools in the Nation 5 years in a row. The school's SAT and ACT scores have remained well above the national average, with students continuously achieving above state average scores in all GHSGT subject areas. Georgia High School Graduation Test scores in the 2010-2011 school year were the highest in school history. Sprayberry has met AYP for the past 8 years, and since 2005, Sprayberry has been a Demonstration level Advanced Placement Certified School with over 20 Advanced Placement courses.
Sports.
Sprayberry High School's football stadium (Jim Frazier Stadium) was used for part of the movie "Remember the Titans".
Music.
Sprayberry High School's Marching "Band of Gold" has been awarded hundreds of championship trophies and has been named one of the "Best High School Marching Bands in the Country" along with being named one of the top 20 bands by "Band Director Magazine" in 2000. Sprayberry continues to be rated among the top marching band programs in the country. The Band of Gold won its first Grand Championship Trophy in 1976 and has achieved over 300 First Place and Grand Championship Awards since then. They have performed on nation television in the Rose Bowl, Cotton Bowl Classic, Citrus Bowl, Gator Bowl, Peach Bowl, Fiesta Bowl, and the 2011 Cherry Blossom Parade in Washington DC. Sprayberry High School's band program has also hosted the Southern Invatational Music Festival for the past 30 years on the third Saturday in October. Marching bands from all across the Southeast are able to compete and perform while Sprayberry performs in exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="9747094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747094" title="Charles W. DeWitt, Jr.">
Charles W. DeWitt, Jr.

Charles W. "Charlie" DeWitt, Jr. (born February 4, 1947), is a Democratic former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives, having served from District 25 (Rapides and Vernon parishes) from 1980 to 2008. He was the Speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 2000 to 2004 during the second term of Republican Governor Murphy James "Mike" Foster, Jr. In Louisiana, the governor plays a major role in selecting the House speaker despite the separation of powers.
In 2004, DeWitt was inducted into the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield.
DeWitt was born to the late Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. DeWitt, Sr. He graduated from Bolton High School in Alexandria in 1965. One of his classmates was another future Louisiana state legislator, Jock Scott, of District 27. The two were also House colleagues from 1980 to 1988, but Scott switched to the GOP in 1985.
DeWitt is married to the former Patricia "Dale" Riddick. A farm-ranch operative, DeWitt is a member of the Cattleman's Association and the coproducer of a rodeo company. Their mailing address is in Lecompte (pronounced LE COUNT) in southern Rapides Parish. 
Prior to his legislative service, DeWitt was a member of the Rapides Parish Police Jury, the parish's governing board, akin to the county commission in other states, from 1972-1980. He was the jury vice president from 1976–1978, having served under the president, L. B. Henry of Pineville. He is a member of the Amicus Club and serves on the advisory board of the Alexandria Area Child Protection Agency. He is on the board of directors of the Farm Bureau. He was chairman of the Heart Fund and a former member of the Rapides Parish Stormwater Management and Drainage District.
Early in 2007, DeWitt was diagnosed with lung cancer and is undergoing treatment. The disease was found in an examination conducted by his son, the Alexandria physician Dr. Chance DeWitt. Both of his parents were cancer victims. The recovery rate based on early detection of the cancer is considered very good.
DeWitt was term-limited from seeking a seventh term in the state House in the October 20, 2007 jungle primary. His successor is fellow Democrat Christopher Roy, Jr., brother of Alexandria Mayor Jacques Roy. Roy defeated Republican Lance Maxwell in the November 17 general election. Maxwell had led in the primary with 6,226 votes (41 percent) to Roy's 5,282 ballots (35 percent). A third candidate, former Alexandria Police Chief Glen Beard, a Democrat, trailed with 3,538 votes (24 percent). 
DeWitt stunned the Louisiana political scene in October when he endorsed Republican gubernatorial candidate Bobby Jindal, the outright winner of the primary election. DeWitt is Roman Catholic.
In 2004, DeWitt was inducted into the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9747118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747118" title="Willow Branch Township, Piatt County, Illinois">
Willow Branch Township, Piatt County, Illinois

Willow Branch Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 839 and it contained 355 housing units.
History.
Willow Branch Township changed its name from Liberty Township sometime around 1860.
The area is the site of a major archaeological site of the University of Illinois along the nearby Sangamon River of the homestead of Ira Sarlls, an early pioneer farmer to the area from New York 
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.91%) is land and (or 0.09%) is water. The streams of Wildcat Creek and Willow Branch run through this township.
Cemeteries.
The township contains eight cemeteries: Ater, Cronninger, Pioneer, Stringtown, Van Meter, Warfield Family, West France and Willow Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="9747132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747132" title="Sydney Fleet">
Sydney Fleet

The Sydney Fleet were an Australian rugby union football club that played in the now defunct Australian Rugby Championship. The Fleet were formed as one of New South Wales' three clubs that will participate in the inaugural season of the championship. The team was based out of the North Sydney Oval, Sydney. The team colors are blue and gold. Their local team rivals are the Central Coast Rays and the Western Sydney Rams.
History.
The inaugural Australian Rugby Championship, starting in August 2007, includes eight teams of which three of which are based in the state of New South Wales. Prior to the announcement of Sydney's name, logo and colours, the coaching set up for the inaugural season was unveiled in January 2007. The three man coaching team was led by NSW Country head coach Col Jeffs, with former Wallaby and Waratah Scott Bowen (Easts head coach) and former Waratah and Italy Test lock Mark Giacheri (Randwick head coach) the assistant coaches. The name, logo and team colours were unveiled 27 February 2007 at a launch aboard the museum ship HMAS "Vampire" at the Australian National Maritime Museum, in Darling Harbour.
Colours and logo.
The name and logo of the Sydney Fleet feature a traditional Sydney anchor, which was decided upon by the team steering committee with consultation with key Rugby stakeholders. The team's colours of blue and gold were also revealed at the launch aboard HMAS "Vampire"; similar colours to past clubs representing all of Sydney.
The New South Wales Rugby Union (NSWRU) Chief Executive said that the "Fleet conjures images of strength and tradition, two attributes that I’m sure will become synonymous with the Sydney Fleet,”.
Stadium.
The Sydney Fleet play at the North Sydney Oval which is located in the south-west corner of St Leonards Park, North Sydney. The stadium has a capacity of around 20,000. North Sydney Oval, which has hosted a number sports in the past, including rugby union, is also used for Shute Shield and Tooheys New Cup matches. The Northern Suburbs Rugby Club used the ground also, though they are actually aligned with the Central Coast Rays team.
Franchise area.
New South Wales' three teams in the ARC are aligned with existing clubs and regions. The New South Wales clubs aligned with the Sydney Fleet include Randwick DRUFC, Sydney University Football Club, Eastern Suburbs RUFC and the Southern Districts Rugby Club.
Squad.
Player in the 2007 squad were:

</doc>
<doc id="9747155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747155" title="Abel's summation formula">
Abel's summation formula

In mathematics, Abel's summation formula, introduced by Niels Henrik Abel, is intensively used in number theory to compute series.
Identity.
Let formula_1 be a sequence of real or complex numbers and formula_2 a function of class formula_3. Then
where
Indeed, this is integration by parts for a Riemann–Stieltjes integral.
More generally, we have
Examples.
Euler–Mascheroni constant.
If formula_7 and formula_8 then formula_9 and
which is a method to represent the Euler–Mascheroni constant.
Representation of Riemann's zeta function.
If formula_7 and formula_12 then formula_9 and
The formula holds for formula_15 It may be used to derive Dirichlet's theorem, that is, formula_16 has a simple pole with residue 1 in "s" = 1.
Reciprocal of Riemann zeta function.
If formula_17 is the Möbius function and formula_12 then formula_19 is Mertens function and
This formula holds for formula_15

</doc>
<doc id="9747175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747175" title="Neblina">
Neblina

Neblina is a heavy metal band from Angola, founded in 2001.
They released an album in 2006, "Innocence Falls in Decay". In the same year, they played a number of shows in Germany, for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. In 2007, they performed at Windhoek Metal Fest in Namibia, and were reported to be working on a second album.

</doc>
<doc id="9747217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747217" title="Kentsū Yabu">
Kentsū Yabu

History.
Yabu was born in Shuri, Okinawa, on September 23, 1866. He was the oldest son of Yabu Kenten and Shun Morinaga. He had three brothers, three sisters, and three half-sisters. On March 19, 1886, he married Takahara Oto (1868-1940).
As a young man, Yabu received training in Shōrin-ryū karate. His teachers included both Matsumura Sōkon and Itosu Anko. 
Yabu joined the Japanese Army in 1891. He served in Manchuria during the First Sino-Japanese War of 1894-1895. He received promotion to lieutenant, but to subsequent students, he was often known as "gunso", or sergeant.
Following separation from the service, Yabu studied at Shuri's Prefectural Teacher's Training College, and in 1902, he became a teacher at Shuri's Prefectural School Number One.
In 1908, Yabu's oldest son, Kenden, went to Hawaii. In 1912, Kenden went to California. In the USA, Kenden Yabu became known as Kenden Yabe, after a method of transliteration then being used on Japanese passports.
In 1919, Kenden Yabe married, and in 1921, his wife became pregnant. Yabu Kentsu immediately went to California to visit his son (and, hopefully, grandson). However, Kenden Yabe and his wife only had daughters. Thus, Yabu Kentsu went back to Okinawa disappointed.
Yabu visited the United States twice, once during 1921-1922, and again in 1927. During the second visit, he returned to Okinawa via Hawaii. He spent about nine months in the Territory. He spent most of his time on Oahu, but he also visited other islands. In Honolulu, he gave two public demonstrations of karate at the Nuuanu YMCA.
In 1936, Yabu visited Tokyo. While there, he visited the young Shōshin Nagamine, who later became another well-known karate teacher.
Yabu died at Shuri, Okinawa, on August 27, 1937.
Influence on Karate.
As a former soldier, Yabu has been credited with helping make Okinawan karate training more militaristic. That is, students were expected to line up in rows, and respond by the numbers. If so, this was probably part of the general militarization of Japanese athletics common during the early 20th century. 
His favorite kata reportedly included Gojūshiho and naihanchi.

</doc>
<doc id="9747227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747227" title="Adrian Hurley">
Adrian Hurley

Dr. Adrian Hurley OAM (born 21 April 1944) is a former Australian basketball coach and a former player. He is now President of Basketball NSW and serves on advisory committees for Basketball Australia and the National Basketball League.
Playing career.
Hurley began his basketball career in Wollongong in the early sixties. He won a number of State junior titles and played on the NSW Open team that won the Australian Championships in 1967. He played for NSW for 5 years and captained the 1970 NSW team.
In the early 1970s he moved to the USA where he coached basketball in Eugene Oregon. At this time he completed his PhD in Education.
Coaching career.
On returning to Australia he lectured at Wollongong Institute of Education and commenced coaching the Illawarra Hawks in State and Australian Championships. He coached Illawarra to a number of State titles during this period.
Hurley began his National Basketball League coaching career with the Illawarra Hawks in 1980. 
In 1981 he moved to Canberra as the foundation basketball coach of the Australian Institute of Sport. He served as Head Coach at the AIS from 1981 to 1992. From 1983 to 1992 he was a Vice President of the World Coaches Association and President of the Oceania Region Coaching.
During his time at the AIS he was assistant coach of the Australia national basketball team at the 1982 FIBA World Championships and the 1984 Olympic Games.
He was appointed as the head coach of the Australian Men's team in 1985 and coached the Boomers at the 1998 and 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1986 and 1990 FIBA World Championships.
In 1987 he coached the AIS women's team to the title at the Australian Women's Club Championships.
At the 1988 Olympics he was the first Australian Men's team coach to take Australia to the medal round where Australia finished in 4th place. In 1992 he coached the Boomers to 6th place at the Barcelona Olympics the second highest finish for the Boomers at that stage. Hurley was a national men's team (Boomers) selector from 1976 to 1992 and a member of the Australian Coaching Council 1985-90.
During this period he conducted and gave lectures at many basketball coaching clinics throughout Australia, the South Pacific and in Europe.
He left the AIS in 1993 and was appointed Perth Wildcats head coach where he coached from 1993 until 1997. Hurley led the Wildcats to Grand Finals in 1993 and 1995, winning the latter. In 1995 his Perth Wildcats won the "triple crown" when they won the pre-season championship, the minor premiership and the title. This was the first time in NBL history that this feat had been achieved.In the same year he coached the Wildcats at the World Club Championship in London where the Wildcats played the NBA champions the Houston Rockets. The Wildcats finished 4th in the championship, the highest ever performance by an Australian team.
In 1997 he resigned from the Wildcats and became an executive for Kerry Stokes's parent company Australian Capital Equity. In this period he was also President of The Western Australian Sports Federation and served on a number of government sporting boards including Healthway and the WA Sport and Recreation board. He was a Director of Basketball Australia from 1999-2003.
In 1999 he was part of a 4 person Taskforce appointed by the Prime Minister to review and recommend directions for sport in Australia after the 2000 Olympics.
In 2001 he was appointed as the CEO of the Hunter Events Corporation in Newcastle. In 2002 he oversaw the conduct of the 8th Australian Masters Games in Newcastle that set a record attendance of over 12,000 participants. In 2002 he was named as a finalist in the Australian Sports Awards Administrator of the Year.
In 2004-5 he was the head coach of the Hunter Pirates. In that year he took the Pirates from last place the previous year (where they had 2 wins) to 15 wins and the playoffs. He was named the NBL Coach of the Year in 2004. He coached the Pirates in 2005-06 and once again they made the playoffs.The Pirates were sold to Singapore for the next season and Hurley retired and now lives in Newcastle.
In 2007 he was elected President of Basketball NSW a position he was to hold until the end of 2010.
Honours.
Hurley was named as the NSW Coach of the Year for basketball in 1975, NSW Waratah League Coach of the Year in 2002 and 2003and was named the Newcastle and Hunter region Coach of the Yearin 2003. In 1991 he was awarded an Award of Merit by Prime Minister Hawke for his contributions to the Australian Institute of Sport. He was awarded a Basketball Australia Merit Award. In 2000 he received the Australian Sports Medal. He was a Torch Bearer for the 2000 Olympics. In 2004-5 NBL season he won the NBL Coach of the Year. Hurley is a Life Member of the Australian Basketball Coaches Association. He was awarded the Sports Australia Eunice Gill Sports Educator of the Year in 1990. He is a Life Member of the Illawarra Basketball Association and Basketball Australia. He was inducted into the Basketball Australia Hall of Fame as a coach in 2004. In 1991 he was awarded the Order of Australia Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9747231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747231" title="Dave Weiner">
Dave Weiner

Dave Weiner (full name David Jason Weiner, born on September 24, 1976) is an American guitarist, most widely known for being one of Steve Vai's touring guitarists. He also posts instructional videos, called the "Riff of the Week", every Wednesday on YouTube, iTunes and his own website. He also gives online lessons.
Joining Steve Vai.
Weiner first joined Vai's band when Weiner went to Los Angeles to go to GIT. During his time there he got a job as an intern for an office, and his boss at this office knew Steve Vai. He would deliver paper to Vai's house, and Weiner got to know him personally and subsequently gave him a demo. About two weeks later his boss got a phone call from Vai and was asked to come over to Vai's studio, learn fourteen songs, and go on tour with him. [http://www.daveweiner.com/daves411.html#howdidyougetintovaisband]. Weiner continues to tour on Vai's personal tours as well as with G3.
Solo.
Weiner has also released three solo albums. The first, entitled "Shove the Sun Aside" was released originally in June 2004 on the Meyer Jane Music label and re-released in March 2005 on Favored Nations. It is an instrumental album on which Weiner primarily plays a seven-string guitar. Weiner continues to tour with his own band. His second album "On Revolute" started shipping on May 25, 2010. His third album contains 10 acoustic songs and is titled "A Collection of Short Stories: Vol. 1." It was released August 10, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9747234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747234" title="Darnley Island Airport">
Darnley Island Airport

Darnley Island Airport is an airport in Darnley Island, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9747247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747247" title="Abgoosht">
Abgoosht

Ābgusht (, literally translated as "water-meat"), is a Persian and Mesopotamian stew. It is also called "Dizi", which refers to the traditional stone crocks it is served in. Some describe it as a "hearty mutton soup thickened with chickpeas." Ābgusht is usually made with lamb, chickpeas, white beans, onion, potatoes, and tomatoes, turmeric, and black lime. Other variations exist in the beans used, such as kidney beans and black-eyed peas. The ingredients are combined together and cooked until done, at which point the dish is strained. The solids are then mashed and served with the broth, but in a separate dish, along with flatbread.
It is a form of Piti, which encompasses many similar dishes in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="9747252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747252" title="United States Psychiatric Rehabilitation Association">
United States Psychiatric Rehabilitation Association

The U.S. Psychiatric Rehabilitation Association is a professional association for practitioners of psychiatric rehabilitation who serve persons and families living with psychiatric disorders.
Founded in 1974 by the directors of the original 13 psychosocial rehabilitation centers in the United States, USPRA promotes evidence-based recovery from mental illness practice and works with government agencies, universities and other institutions.
The PRA issues the Certified Psychiatric Rehabilitation Practitioner, a professional certification designation recognized in 13 states in the U.S. as a qualification for mental health practitioners (with an additional 4 states pending): Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, New York, New Jersey, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Virginia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9747261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747261" title="Countess Anastasia Hendrikova">
Countess Anastasia Hendrikova

Countess Anastasia Vasilyevna Hendrikova, (23 June 1887 - 4 September 1918), was a lady in waiting at the court of Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra. She was arrested by the Bolsheviks and shot to death outside Perm in the fall of 1918.
Like the Romanovs and their servants who were assassinated on July 17, 1918, Hendrikova and Catherine Adolphovna Schneider, the elderly court tutor who was killed with her, were canonized as martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981.
Background.
Hendrikova, who was nicknamed "Nastinka," was the daughter of Count Vassili Alexandrovich Hendrikov, Grand Master of Ceremonies of the Imperial Court, and his wife, Princess Sophia Petrovna Gagarine. She was a descendant of the sister of Catherine I of Russia, the wife of Peter the Great.
Hendrikova was appointed a lady of waiting in 1910. She acted as a "sort of unofficial governess" to the four grand duchesses.
Exile and death.
Hendrikov's sister, nicknamed "Inotchka," was ill with tuberculosis. "The two sisters were all the world to each other," wrote her fellow lady in waiting, Baroness Sophie von Buxhoeveden, recalling how Hendrikova's "dark eyes glowed" when she heard news about her sister. "And it was from Inotchka's bedside that Nastinka had rushed back to Tsarskoe Selo on the news of the revolution to join the empress in her danger. Now she seldom had news."
Buxhoeveden thought Hendrikova was aware of the danger that she was in. Hendrikova had "so fixed her thoughts on approaching death that it had no terror for her," Buxhoeveden wrote in her memoirs. "She was very pretty and looked younger than her twenty-eight years, but she welcomed the thought of death, so weary had she become of life and so much detached from earthly interests. I felt her drifting away to higher planes."
Hendrikova was separated from the family at Ekaterinburg and imprisoned in Perm for some months.
Account of death.
On September 4, 1918, Hendrikova and Schneider were taken from their prison cell and led to the prison office along with Aleksei Volkov, a sixty-year-old valet in the household of the Tsar. They were joined by eight other prisoners, including the chambermaid from the house where Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia had lived. They had an escort of twenty-two guards, none of them Russian.
Volkov, who later escaped, recalled that when he asked a guard where they were being taken, he was told they were being taken "to the house of arrest." Hendrikova, who had been in the washroom, asked a guard the same question when she came out. She was told they were being taken "to the central prison." Hendrikova asked him, "and from there?" The guard replied, "Well! to Moscow." Hendrikova repeated this conversation to her fellow prisoners and made the sign of the cross with her fingers. Volkov took her gesture to mean "they will not shoot us."
The sailor at the prison office door kept checking the front door that led to the street to make sure no one was there. After a while another sailor said, "Let's go." They lined the prisoners up in the street in rows of two, the men in front and the women in back. The group walked all the way to the edge of town and onto the Simbirsk road. Volkov asked another prisoner where the central prison was and was told they had long passed it. Volkov realized they were being taken into the woods to be shot. Volkov broke from the group and ran for his life at the first opportunity. A bullet whizzed past his ear. Behind him he heard gunshots as the other prisoners in the group, among them Hendrikova, were shot and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="9747367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747367" title="Hybrid programming language">
Hybrid programming language

A hybrid programming language (or hybrid level programming language) is a programming language that allows different programming languages to share the same code sheet. For example, FreeBASIC has in-line assembly so that lower-level code can be allowed for high level programming.

</doc>
<doc id="9747393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747393" title="The Lonely Londoners">
The Lonely Londoners

The Lonely Londoners is a 1956 novel by Trinidadian author Samuel Selvon. Its publication marked the first literary work focusing on poor, working-class blacks in the beat writer tradition following the enactment of the British Nationality Act 1948.
Overview.
The book details the life of West Indians in post-World War II London, a city the immigrants consider the "centre of the world." Covering a period of roughly three years, it has no plot in the usual sense of the term. Rather, the novel follows a limited number of characters of the "Windrush generation", all of them "coloureds", through their daily lives in the capital. The various threads of action form a whole through the unifying central character of Trinidadian Moses Aloetta, a veteran emigré who, after more than ten years in London, has still not achieved anything of note and whose homesickness increases as he gets older. Every Sunday morning "the boys", many a recent arrival among them, come together in his rented room to trade stories and inquire after those whom they have not seen for a while. Not surprisingly, their lives mainly consist of work (or looking for a job) and various petty pleasures. Dating young white women is at the top of the list, as is hanging around prostitutes (street prostitution was legal in London until 1959).
Social commentary.
A recurring theme in Selvon's character development addresses upward social mobility. This mobility, however, is clouded by the character's designation as the "other". Their accents and skin colour mark them as outsiders and force them to form a group identity based on the principle of congregation via segregation. This analysis allows the reader to better understand the self-hate, disappointment, and struggle that haunts Selvon's characters. The protagonist, Moses, describes London as a lonely city that "divide up in little worlds, and you stay in the world where you belong to and you don't know anything about what happening in the other ones except what you read in the papers." Against a backdrop of invisibility, many of the characters struggle with a sense of failed promise. By looking at the various coping mechanisms: sex, lavish spending, drinking, hard work, appeasing white women, etc., the author ultimately conveys the unity in their experience. Regardless of their actions, a certain sense of stagnancy prevails. Moses says: "...I just lay there on the bed thinking about my life, how after all these years I ain't get no place at all, I still the same way, neither forward nor backward."
Narrative technique, language and style.
The most striking feature of "The Lonely Londoners" is its narrative voice. Selvon started writing the novel in standard English but soon found out that such language would not aptly convey the experiences and the unarticulated thoughts and desires of his characters. In creating a third person narrator who uses the same creolized form of English as the characters of the novel, Selvon added a new, multiculturalist dimension to the traditional London novel and enhanced the awareness in both readers and writers of a changing London society which could no longer be ignored. Thus, in style and context, "The Lonely Londoners" "represented a major step forward in the process of linguistic and cultural decolonization." 
The language used by Selvon's characters and by the narrator contains a multitude of slang expressions. For example, when "the boys" talk about "the Water" or "the Gate", they are referring to Bayswater and Notting Hill respectively. (Unlike today, the Notting Hill area evoked a down-at-heel area of cheap lodgings where Caribbean immigrants could more easily find accommodation than elsewhere in London, but be victims of practices like Rachmanism.) Sometimes referring to themselves and each other as "spades", in their spare time they can be found "liming"—the Caribbean pastime of hanging around with friends eating, talking and drinking—, and some of their talk will be "oldtalk"—reminiscences of their previous lives in the West Indies and the exchange of news from home. Finally, a white English girl can be a "skin" ("a sharp piece of skin"), a "frauline" , a "cat", a "number", or of course a "chick" or "white pussy".
A remarkable passage within the novel about a typical London summer is written in the stream of consciousness mode, linking up Selvon with the modernist movement.
Further reading.
Other novels with the theme of the immigrant experience among Caribbeans in London:
Footnotes.
All page references are to the 2006 Penguin "Modern Classics" edition.

</doc>
<doc id="9747417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747417" title="Howlock Mountain">
Howlock Mountain

Howlock Mountain is a heavily eroded shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon, located along the Cascade Crest just north of Mount Thielsen. Ice Age glaciers eroded away most of the flanks of the volcano, leaving numerous deep cirques surrounding a central ridge capped by several horns. The summit of Howlock Mountain lies along the border between Douglas County and Klamath County.

</doc>
<doc id="9747440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747440" title="Gregory W. Henry">
Gregory W. Henry

Gregory W. Henry is an astronomer and research scientist for Tennessee State University. In 1999, Henry led one of two teams that discovered the first transiting extrasolar planet, HD 209458 b. The other team was led by David Charbonneau.
Henry was also involved in the discovery of HD 149026 b. This discovery was important in understanding how planets form and supports solar nebula accretion mode.

</doc>
<doc id="9747461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747461" title="Morning Musume appearances">
Morning Musume appearances

This is a list of appearances for J-pop group Morning Musume.
DVD/VHS.
This section lists DVD and VHS releases of television shows, movies, musicals, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9747495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747495" title="Leo J. Ryan Federal Building">
Leo J. Ryan Federal Building

The Leo J. Ryan Memorial Federal Building, also known as the Leo J. Ryan Memorial Federal Archives and Records Center, is a United States government office facility which opened in 1973, and is located in San Bruno, California. It houses the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) for the Pacific Sierra Region of the United States. The building was renamed in honor and memory of U.S. Representative Leo J. Ryan, through Congressional legislation which passed in 1984.
The NARA describes the building as "an integral part of the Bay Area's network of world class public historical research centers and cultural institutions." The holdings in the facility are a major primary resource for study in the fields of Asian-Pacific immigration, environmental, Naval, Native American,Inventories the records of the northern California and Nevada jurisdictions of the Bureau of Indian Affairs from 1864 to approximately 1920. Chronological arrangements are rough due to poor record-keeping. The records described are housed in the Leo J. Ryan Memorial Federal Archives and Records Center, San Bruno, CA.</ref> as well as other aspects of American history, including genealogical records pertaining to the Chinese Exclusion Act.
In 1993, the building underwent accessibility improvements to its architectural design, which were performed by Interactive Resources.Interactive Resources provided architectural design and construction administration services for the accessibility improvements for this large Federal Records Center. The scope of the work was established by a previous Building Engineering Report (BER), which was also prepared by Interactive Resources in 1993.</ref> The building is owned and managed by the General Services Administration.Leo J. Ryan Federal Records Center, 1000 Commodore Drive, San Bruno, California, 94066-2350 - "Sansome Office".</ref> A San Mateo County publication identified the building as a "local treasure."Local Treasures, National Archives and Records Administration, Pacific Region, Leo J. Ryan Memorial Federal Building, www.nara.gov/regional/sanfranc.html</ref>
Tribute to Congressman Leo J. Ryan.
The building was named in honor and memory of Representative Leo J. Ryan, a United States congressman. Congressman Ryan was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 1983.
Congressman Tom Lantos introduced a bill in 1983 in the United States Congress: "..to designate the Federal Archives and Records Center in San Bruno, California as the "Leo J. Ryan Memorial Federal Archives and Records Center"." The bill passed by unanimous consent in the House of Representatives and Senate, and was signed by President Ronald Reagan and became public law 98-580 on October 30, 1984.
Specifications.
The Leo J. Ryan Federal Building is surrounded by a cyclone fence, and functions effectively as a bunker. The building itself is kept isolated - the federal government owns the property behind the building, and no other government tenants are near the facility. After the Oklahoma City bombing, where a federal building was destroyed by explosives, the federal government has taken care to isolate sensitive archived records and documents away from other government agencies.
The building houses over 200 million records from 110 different United States federal agencies, as well as 10,000 records from federal courts of the Pacific Sierra region. Records staffers make over 100,000 photocopies per year. It would take 40 people approximately 100 years to microfilm all of the records currently available at the National Archives and Records Administration division of the Leo J. Ryan Federal Building.
As of 1998, the budget for the Pacific Sierra Region of the National Archives and Records Administration was USD$1,000,000 per year, and annual visits to the archives numbered over 15,800. The building is specifically designed for the archiving of government documents - it is isolated, fireproof, and climate-controlled. The temperature within the records rooms is kept at and humidity at 50%.

</doc>
<doc id="9747500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747500" title="Martín de Aguilar">
Martín de Aguilar

Martín de Aguilar (fl. 1603) was a Spanish explorer whose log contains one of the first written descriptions of the coast of the U.S. state of Oregon.
Aguilar was the commander of the ship "Tres Reyes" in an expedition led by Sebastián Vizcaíno. Vizcaíno set out from Mexico in 1602 in search of usable harbors and the mythical city of Quivira. While exploring along the northern California coast, a storm separated Vizcaíno and Aguilar's ships. While Vizcaíno may have reached the present Oregon-California border, Aguilar continued up the coast. Aguilar is thought to have sited and named Cape Blanco, and he may have sailed as far as Coos Bay.
Aguilar reported sighting a "rapid and abundant" river that he did not enter because of the current. He then turned back to Mexico because of scurvy among his crew. It is unknown what river he sighted, but maps referred to the "Rio d'Aguilar" in the 18th century. No deliberate exploration of the Northwest Coast occurred again until some 150 years after Aguilar, though accidental sightings and shipwrecks were possible.
Aguilar and most of his crew died on the way to Acapulco.

</doc>
<doc id="9747508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747508" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port of Spain">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port of Spain

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port of Spain () is a metropolitan diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The Archdiocese encompasses the entirety of the former Spanish dependency of Trinidad, including the islands of Trinidad and Tobago. The Archdiocese is the Metropolitan responsible for the suffragan Dioceses of Bridgetown, Georgetown, Paramaribo, Kingstown and Willemstad, and is a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The diocese of Port of Spain was originally erected as a Vicariate Apostolic in 1818 and elevated to an Archdiocese in April 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="9747514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747514" title="Maryland Transportation Authority Police">
Maryland Transportation Authority Police

The Maryland Transportation Authority Police is the seventh largest law enforcement agency in Maryland and is charged with providing law enforcement services on Maryland Transportation Authority highways and facilities throughout the state of Maryland in addition to contractual services that are provided at BWI Airport, and the Port of Baltimore.
History.
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police trace their beginnings to the opening of the Baltimore Harbor Tunnel in 1957, when the Harbor Tunnel Special Police Force was established. In 1971 this force developed a State-authorized Police Academy, Commercial Vehicle Safety Division, police-apprenticeship program, and an Honor/Color Guard. In 1998 by act of the Maryland General Assembly the Maryland Port Administration Police was abolished and the members were merged into the Maryland Transportation Authority Police. The department assumed law enforcement responsibilities for the Port of Baltimore facilities including the Canton, Seagirt, Dundalk, Clinton Street, Fairfield and Locust Point Marine Terminals, as well as the Baltimore World Trade Center. Today the department has grown to encompass law enforcement responsibilities at Maryland's transportation facilities projects, the Baltimore Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, and the Port of Baltimore.
Overview.
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police, the first state law enforcement agency to be nationally accredited in Maryland, is the second largest state law enforcement agency and the seventh largest law enforcement agency in the State of Maryland, with 500 sworn officers and 100 civilian law enforcement professionals.
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police provide law enforcement services to some of the most critical transportation infrastructures in the state of Maryland. These areas include all Maryland Transportation Authority highways, such as Interstate 95, Interstate 895, portions of Interstate-695, U.S. Routes 40, 50, 301, and the Intercounty Connector (MD 200).
In addition to these responsibilities the Maryland Transportation Authority Police also handle the law enforcement services at the Baltimore Washington International/Thurgood Marshall Airport, the Port of Baltimore, and the MARC Rail Lines. The Maryland Transportation Authority Police also provide law enforcement services and inspections related to commercial vehicle truck safety on Interstate 95 (JFK Highway), Interstate 895, Interstate 695, US-50, US-40 and US-301.
The Maryland State Police, under contract with the Maryland Transportation Authority, provides law-enforcement services along the John F. Kennedy Memorial Highway (IS 95 from northern Baltimore County to the Delaware state line).
Organizational Structure.
Patrol Division
Airport/Seaport Division
Support Services Division
Logistics Division
Rank Structure.
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police is a paramilitary organization with a rank structure similar to the United States military. The ranks of corporal through lieutenant are based on promotional testing. Captains and above are appointed by the chief of police.
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police rank structure is as listed:
Training Academy.
Members of the Maryland Transportation Authority Police are professional law-enforcement officers who must meet established standards and successfully complete a rigorous training program as required by the Maryland Police Training Commission. Officer candidates receive this training at the Maryland Transportation Authority's Police Training Academy, a fully accredited police-training facility located near the Francis Scott Key Memorial Bridge. Officer candidates are expected to maintain physical and mental discipline throughout the academy.
The standard training course covers subjects such as criminal and motor-vehicle law, accident investigation, first aid, abnormal psychology, traffic control, criminal investigation, defensive tactics, weapons qualifications and court procedures. In addition, college credits are available at the Community College of Baltimore County, Dundalk Campus.
Academy students are required to maintain a high academic standing during their seven-month classroom training. Upon graduation, officers will be assigned to Field Training Officers for an additional eight weeks of training. Thereafter, officers are eligible for assignment to any of the Maryland Transportation Authority Police detachments located throughout Maryland.
Detachments.
Detachment | Location | Region
Specialized Units.
Maryland Transportation Authority Police Specialized Units are:
Equipment.
Weapons-
Maryland Transportation Authority Police Officers are currently issued a Glock 22 .40 caliber ("Safe Action") pistol. Some officers are also issued an 870 Remington 12 gauge shotgun, but all officers are certified to operate both weapons. Additionally officers are issued an ASP collaspable baton, OC Spray, and X26 taser's.
Patrol Vehicles-
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police currently use the police package Ford Crown Victoria, Ford Taurus Interceptor, Dodge Charger, Chevrolet Impala, and Chevrolet Caprice as their primary patrol vehicles.
Maryland Transportation Authority Police awards.
The Maryland Transportation Authority Police presents a number of awards to its members for meritorious service. The awards that the Maryland Transportation Authority Police awards to its officers are as follows:
Fallen Officers.
Seven officers have died in the line of duty. Those officers are:

</doc>
<doc id="9747544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747544" title="Bogdan Perzynski">
Bogdan Perzynski

Bogdan Perzynski (born in 1954 Poznan, Poland) is a contemporary artists who lives and works in Austin, Texas. He was trained in law at the University of Adam Mickiewicz, Poznan, and in architecture, and fine arts at the Academy of Fine Arts in Poznań where he earned his fine arts degree in 1979 from with a specialization in Painting. Throughout the same year he abandoned traditionally defined art for a more open-ended art practice. His first solo show was at the Akumulatory 2, a non-profit experimental artist run art gallery. Between 1979-83 Bogdan worked at the gallery and began teaching at Poznan’s Panstwowa Wyzsza Szkola Sztuk Plastycznych. In the following year 1983-84 he lived in Germany but in 1984 Perzynski moved permanently to the United States. Throughout 1984-87 he lived and taught at the University of California Santa Barbara. Since 1987 Perzynski has taught at the University of Texas at Austin while maintaining a Texas residence. 
Perzynski’s work focuses on the question of art's interdisciplinary character including the philosophies of communicative action, social pragmatism, and individual invention. He has worked with installation art since 1978, and in 1990, expanded toward sound, video, sensors and body-based interactivity. These works and newer pieces have been presented in Germany, the Netherlands, Poland, Thailand, Brazil, Israel and the United States. Over the last fifteen years, he produced works of art that include computer technology, video, sound, and architectural settings.
References.
The Mattress Factory Art Museum Bogdan Perzynski: Exhibition
"Installations. Mattress Factory 1990-1999." Ex. cat. Mattress Factory. Pittsburgh: U. of Pittsburgh Press, 2001, 40.
Wilczak, Sylwia. "Gram na nerwach odbiorcy." Conversation with Bogdan Perzynski, Gazeta Wyborcza, 
Poznan, Jan. 8. 2005
Wilczak, Sylwia. "Oko na Transmedia." Gazeta Poznanska, Jan. 7. 2005
Machowska-Kaczmarek, Beata. "Wideo oraz Zycie." Glos Wielkoposki, Jan. 6. 2005
Kepinska, Alicja. Sztuka w Kulturze Plynnosci. Arsenal, 2004, p. 99-101.
The Overseas International Art Project. Ex. cat. "Silpakorn University. Bangkok", 2003, 104-109.
Kepinska, Alicja. "Energie Sztuki. " Wiedza Powszechna. Warszawa, p. 75-76, 188, pl. 7. 1991
Hendricks/, Patricia O., Reese, Becky Duval. Exh. cat. "A Century of Sculpture in Texas 1889-1989."
Frank, Peter. "Ilya Kabakov. Bogdan Perzynski." LA Weekly, Feb. 15, 125. 1990
Kandel, Susan. Arts Magazine, April, 117. 1990

</doc>
<doc id="9747549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747549" title="Battle of Keren">
Battle of Keren

The Battle of Keren (or "Cheren") was fought as part of the East African Campaign during the Second World War. The battle was fought from 5 February to 1 April 1941 between a mixed Italian army of regular and colonial troops and the attacking British, Commonwealth, and Free French forces. The town of Keren, located in the Italian colony of Eritrea, was of strategic importance to both the Italian and the British-led forces in 1941. The road and railway routes through Keren were the key to access the city of Asmara (colonial capital of Eritrea) and the Red Sea port of Massawa, both of which surrendered to Allied forces in the aftermath of the battle.
Background.
Originally colonised by the Italians in 1885, Eritrea was used as a staging ground for two Italian invasions of Ethiopia (or Abyssinia): the First and Second Italo-Abyssinian Wars. The second invasion was launched in 1935, four years before the outbreak of World War II in 1939. The Italians conquered Ethiopia in 1936 and incorporated it into the Italian East African Empire.
Following the Italian declaration of War on 10 June 1940, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini ordered his troops to take aggressive action which had resulted in the capture of British Somaliland and border towns in the Sudan and Kenya. In response, the British had by early February 1941 built up a force of more than two divisions in Sudan and three in Kenya. The Sudan-based forces—commanded by Lieutenant-General William Platt and under the overall command of General Archibald Wavell (Commander-in-Chief British Middle East Command)—had launched an attack into Eritrea through Kassala on 18 January and by 1 February had captured Agordat some east of Kassala. Late on 30 January "Gazelle Force", 4th Indian Infantry Division mobile reconnaissance and fighting force commanded by Colonel Frank Messervy, was ordered to make pursuit of the enemy retreating down the road to Keren.
Keren had no built-in fortifications or defensive structures but it is surrounded on most sides by a jumble of steep granite mountains and sharp ridges which gave the defending forces on the high ground a distinct advantage whilst providing their artillery with perfect observation of any attacking formations. The narrow Dongolaas Gorge at through which both the road and railway from Agordat to Keren passed was dominated on the south eastern side by the massif of Mount Zeban and Mount Falestoh on which stood the imposing defenses of Fort Dologorodoc at . The other side of the gorge was commanded by the mass of Mount Sanchil with a saddle of secondary summits, Brig's Peak, Hog's Back and Flat Top stretching north westwards toward Mount Sammana. In front of the Sanchil feature on its south western side was a secondary ridge, feature 1616, which became known as Cameron Ridge, overlooking the Ascidera Valley and the railway line.
As the British forces approached Keren, Gen. Carmineo—commander of the 1st Colonial Division—drew in his 5th and 44th Colonial Brigades from positions to the north. 42nd Brigade had reached Keren from Agordat almost intact, and the 2nd Brigade—which had suffered greater casualties there—was reforming. The 11th Regiment of the Savoia Grenadiers and the Alpini battalion of the 10th Savoia Grenadiers had just arrived after a three day non-stop truck journey from Addis Ababa while the 11th Colonial Brigade was also in place having previously been called from reserve in Addis Ababa. Meanwhile, the 6th Brigade—having relinquished its responsibilities at Metemma—was also making its way to Keren.
Battle.
First battle: 5–8 February.
At 08:00 on 1 February 1941, "Gazelle Force" was held up in crossing the River Baraka some from Keren where the "Ponte Mussolini" had been blown and the approaches to the river heavily mined. By noon on 2 February, however, they were across the river and winding up the Ascidera Valley until brought to a halt at the Dongolaas Gorge, some from Keren, where the road had been blocked by the retreating Italians who had blown the overhanging crags to fill the gorge with boulders and rocks.
4th Indian Division's 11th Indian Infantry Brigade arrived on 3 February, and having made reconnaissance the next day, launched their offensive to the left of the gorge on 5 February. The 2nd Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders fought their way to the top of the ridge, feature 1616, in front of Sanchil and the next night, 6 February, the 3/14th Punjab Regiment passed through them and advanced onto Brig's Peak but were counterattacked by elements of the 65 Infantry Division "Savoia Grenadiers" ("Granatieri di Savoia") who forced them from their newly taken positions back toward Cameron Ridge which was being reinforced by 1 (Wellesley's)/6th Rajputana Rifles. The ridge became a focus of fighting for the next ten days. The ridge was overlooked in front by Sanchil, to the left by Mount Sammana and even from behind by other mountains along the Ascidera Valley. The Cameron Highlanders and Rajputana Rifles narrowly hung on to their positions despite being under near constant attack and having to carry all food, water and ammunition up across the exposed terrain.
By 6 February, 4th Indian Division's 5th Indian Infantry Brigade had arrived. On 7 February, they attacked the Dologorodoc feature east of the gorge, looping right through the Scescilembi Valley (sarcastically renamed the Happy Valley by the attacking troops) and then thrusting from the south east toward the ridge joining Mount Zelele and Mount Falestoh, known as Acqua Col. On the night of 7 February, a company of the 4(Outram's)/ 6th Rajputana Rifles—led by Subadar Richhpal Ram (who had assumed command when the company commander had been wounded)—took the col and held it until 04:30 when they ran out of ammunition and were driven back to the rest of the battalion on a lower feature. In turn, later on 8 February and having spent most of the day under heavy artillery and mortar fire, they were obliged to withdraw back to their starting positions.
Second battle: 10–13 February.
On the afternoon of 10 February, 3/1st Punjab Regiment attacked Brig's Peak and by the morning of 11 February were on top of Sanchil. However, the requirement for men to handle and carry supplies, ammunition and wounded meant there were only two platoons to hold the feature. Having endured heavy shelling and mortar fire throughout the day, they were forced off Sanchil and Brig's Peak with heavy casualties by a determined counterattack from the Savoia Grenadiers. Once again the attackers were thrown onto desperate defence on Cameron Ridge.
Despite the failure by the Punjabis to hold the important observation posts on Sanchil, the renewed attack on Acqua Col—planned for 12 February—went ahead. 5th Indian Infantry Division's 29th Indian Infantry Brigade was brought up from Barentu and put under command of 4th Division's Major-General Beresford-Peirse and held in readiness to exploit the hoped-for break-through. At 05:30, supported by an intensive artillery barrage, 4/6th Rajputana Rifles once again led the way. This time, Richhpal Ram was less fortunate and having gained the crest, had a foot blown off and shortly thereafter was mortally wounded. He was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross for his exploits on the Col. Meanwhile, the 4/11th Sikh Regiment were pushing up around the side of Acqua Col but the overall attack could not be carried through, lacking the extra impact that might have come from the 2/5th Mahratta Light Infantry which had been diverted to reinforce the hard-pressed defences on Cameron Ridge.
Third battle: 15–27 March.
Platt decided to pause, regroup and train before making a further attempt at Keren. In order to free up road transport to bring forward the necessary stockpiles for a new attack, 5th Indian Division returned to Kessala where it could be maintained by the railhead for a period of intensive training until such time as preparations were complete and the division could be brought forward again for the offensive. Skinners Horse and most of the Motor Machine Gun companies assembled in front of Arressa and Adi Ugri to pose a threat to the Italian line of reinforcement to Keren. From the north, "Briggs Force"—consisting of two battalions from 4th Indian Division's 7th Indian Infantry Brigade and two Free French battalions—had arrived under Brigadier Briggs, the 7th Indian Brigade commander. After crossing the border into Eritrea on the Red Sea coast, "Briggsforce" had captured Karora and then moved south to take Kubkub. On 1 March, the force had broken through the Mescelit pass some northeast of Keren. "Briggsforce" provided not only a third potential direction of attack to occupy the Keren defenders but also created a threat to Massawa on the coast and pinning valuable reserves there.
Plan of attack.
The scene was set for a set-piece battle with Major-General Noel Beresford-Peirse's 4th Indian Infantry Division concentrated on the Sanchil side of the gorge and Lewis Heath's 5th Indian Infantry Division, brought forward from Kessala once again, on the Happy Valley side. The Keren defences had been reinforced with the arrival of 6th Colonial Brigade from Metemma and also the 11th Blackshirt Battalion of the Savoia Grenadiers. The defenders now totaled 25,000 strong facing an attacking force which had grown to more than 13,000. Beresford-Pierce would launch 11th Brigade, expanded to five battalions under command, against the peaks of the Sanchil mass and 5th Brigade against Mount Sammana on the left of his front.
On the 5th Division front, the Italian reinforcements on Dologorodoc meant Happy Valley was dominated by the defenders and the attackers' artillery had had to be withdrawn from their forward positions in the valley to safer locations. Without the artillery, it was no longer considered practical to continue the flanking attack through Acqua Col to threaten the Dologorodoc lines of supply. Instead, Major-General Lewis Heath determined that Fort Dologorodoc would be the key objective for his Indian 5th Infantry Division. Gaining the fort would not only give the attacking forces the artillery observation post to direct fire on both sides of the gorge but would expose the reverse slopes of the Dologorodoc mass (which had been immune to his artillery fire and so a haven to the defenders for supplies and reserves) to direct fire from the fort.
The two offensives were planned to take place one after the other on 15 March so that the full force's artillery could be employed for the preliminary bombardment of them both. At the final meeting on 14 March with his commanders Platt said:
Platt attacks.
At 07:00 on 15 March, the British and Commonwealth troops of 4th Indian Infantry Division attacked from Cameron Ridge making for Sanchil, Brig's Peak, Hog's Back and the three peaks of Mount Sammana. That night, the battle ebbed and flowed with attack and counter-attack inflicting very heavy casualties on both sides.
Meanwhile, on the right, 5th Indian Infantry Division launched its attack on the Dologorodoc feature at 10:30 on 15 March. 2nd Highland Light Infantry led the attack on the lower features ("Pimple" and "Pinnacle") but made no progress in the daylight because of fire from the overlooking Sanchil peak where the Italian defenders had resolutely beaten off the 11th Brigade assault. They were pinned down, taking casualties and without supply until darkness provided the opportunity to withdraw.
By moonlight that evening, the attack on Dologorodoc was taken up by 9th Brigade, now commanded by the recently promoted Brigadier Messervy. Heath and Messervy planned a near two battalion attack on "Pimple" and "Pinnacle" with a third battalion ready to pass through and strike for the fort.
The capture of Pinnacle that night by the 3/5th Mahratta Light Infantry led by Lieutenant-Colonel Denys Reid (with 3/12th Frontier Force Regiment less two companies under command to take "Pimple") is described by Compton Mackenzie in "Eastern Epic", his official history of the British Indian Army during the war, as 
In the early hours of 16 March, the defenders of Fort Dologorodoc made a fierce counterattack on "Pinnacle" and "Pimple" which went on for several hours. Crucially, this left the defences at the fort weakened and whilst the counterattack was taking place, the 2nd West Yorkshire Regiment had made their way over a seemingly impossible knife-edge to surprise the fort's defenders and after a savage fight the fort was captured by 06:30 with 400 prisoners taken. Finally, Platt had the artillery observation point so greatly needed.
Through 16 March, the Italians repeatedly counterattacked whilst 29 Brigade made an unsuccessful attack in the evening to Falestoh and Zeban which was abandoned after dark on 17 March after a day exposed to blistering heat, fierce fighting and no supply. For the next 10 days, the 5th Indian Division position at Fort Dologorodoc—exposed to the enemy on three sides—was subject to intense fighting as the Italians threw in more new units in ultimately unsuccessful attempts to regain this key position.
Meanwhile on the Sanchil feature 4th Division, having been given 10th Indian Infantry Brigade under command, continued to batter away to no avail. On the night of 17 March, having sustained heavy losses, they withdrew from the slopes of Sanchil and Brig's Peak and the damaged 10th Brigade returned to 5th Division to reform. 4th Indian Division continued to hold Hog's Back and Flat Top. Over the next three days, the Italian forces continued to make fierce counter-attacks on both sides of the gorge involving desperate, often hand to hand, fighting.
Final assault.
Platt and his commanders decided that the supreme attack should be made through the Dongolaas Gorge. Heath felt that, because of its physical defensive advantages, the Italians might have neglected their defenses. On the nights of 16/17 and 17/18 March, escorted engineers reconnoitered the road block and attempted to make a start to clear it. This failed because of interfering fire from the Italian lines. However, the information gathered made clear to Heath that the key to the gorge was not Sanchil but two smaller features (informally named the "Railway Bumps") which overlooked the roadblock and could be approached with much less opposition along the railway line from the tunnel below Cameron Ridge.
An attack on the defenders at the head of the gorge was planned to give the sappers and miners the 48 hours they needed free of interference from mortar and machine gun fire required to clear the road. For this Heath would need his full division and had to wait until 10th Brigade had refitted after its mauling on the Sanchil feature. The plan was for 10th Brigade to advance into the gorge whilst 9th Brigade (which was holding the Fort Dologorodoc positions) would move down to take three smaller hills overlooking the far end of the gorge and 29th Brigade would then attack to take Mount Zeban and beyond it to the east Mount Canabai, which looked down on Keren and guarded the road to Asmara. Command of 10th Brigade was taken over by one of Heath's divisional staff officers, Thomas "Pete" Rees while his predecessor, Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard Fletcher was released to form "Fletcher Force", a mobile force comprising Central India Horse and 12 Matilda II tanks, which would be used to exploit the planned break-through in the gorge and move rapidly into the defenders' rear position and attack their reserves.
On 24 March, diversionary attacks were made on Sanchil while just before midnight the West Yorkshires and the 3/5th Mahrattas in Fort Dologorodoc moved down to take the lower hills overlooking the gorge. The West Yorkshires were able to take their hill unopposed but the Mahrattas met heavy opposition which was well dug-in. However, by 07:30 all three hills were taken and the gorge's defenses on its south eastern side silenced.
At 03:00 on 25 March, the 2nd Highland Light Infantry and the 4/10th Baluch Regiment on their right advanced from the shelter of the railway tunnel, previously cleared by the sappers and miners, up the gorge. A 100-gun artillery bombardment was raining down on the ridge on Sanchil above (to suppress any defensive fire from this dominating height) and the attack in the gorge achieved complete surprise, with the defenders' attention focused on Sanchil. The 3/2nd Punjab Regiment then advanced between the Baluchis and the West Yorkshires to clear the gorge. By 05:30, the railway bumps and most of the objectives were captured and the defenders no longer held positions from which to direct fire into the gorge below.,
The sappers and miners laboured on the road while the battles on the Sanchil and Dologorodoc features continued. By midday on 26 March, they had completed remaking the road through the gorge. 
In the early hours of 27 March, the British artillery turned onto Zeban and Falstoh. 29th Brigade passed through 9th Brigade's positions to launch their attack at 04:30, but when they made their assault they found the defenders had withdrawn and were able to occupy Falestoh Ridge and the two Zeban summits unopposed.
The Italian position was now untenable and by first light the Royal Air Force was reporting their withdrawal along the road from Keren to Asmara. The defenders on the Sanchil ridge were less fortunate and now effectively cut off the Savoia Grenadiers and Bersaglieri were left with no option but surrender. "Fletcher Force" was in Keren by 10:30 and was then sent in pursuit along the Asmara road.
Aftermath.
Determined Italian troops retreated to Adi Tekelezan. Their new position, however, was considerably less tenable than Keren had been, and Italian forces finally surrendered on 1 April 1941. Free French battalions took Montecullo and Fort Umberto April 7 and led the Allies into Massawa 8 April. Colonel Ralph Monclar of the 13th French Foreign Legion Demi-Brigade captured the Italian Admiralty building and accepted the surrender of 10,000 Italian naval personnel, bringing the unit's tally to 14,000 prisoners. 
Within a week of the Italian surrender at Adi Tekelezan, both Asmara and Massawa had surrendered despite orders from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini to continue to fight. Massawa was subsequently used as a staging port for both British and American naval forces.
The battle is still today considered a positive episode in Italian military history, despite its outcome, thanks to the bravery of the Italian and colonial troops and the skilled leadership shown by the defeated commander, General Carnimeo. In the account of the battle written in "Eastern Epic", Compton Mackenzie wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="9747576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747576" title="Catherine Schneider">
Catherine Schneider

Catherine Adolphovna Schneider (; ) (1856 – September 4, 1918) was a tutor at the court of Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra. She taught Alexandra Russian before her marriage, just as she had some years earlier taught Russian to the Tsarina's sister, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Fyodorovna before her marriage to Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia.
Schneider was murdered by the Bolsheviks at Perm in the fall of 1918 along with lady in waiting Anastasia Hendrikova. Schneider and Hendrikova were canonized as martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981.
Background.
Schneider, nicknamed "Trina," was born to a Baltic German family and was the niece of the former imperial physician Dr. Hirsch. Her father was a Hof-Councillor. A courtier remembered her as "infinitely sweet tempered and good hearted." Schneider was also primly Victorian. She once refused to permit the four grand duchesses to put on a play because it contained the word "stockings." Schneider was devoted to the Empress and willingly followed her into exile following the Russian Revolution of 1917. She was separated from the family at Ekaterinburg and imprisoned for months at Perm. In September 1918 the elderly Schneider and the twenty-eight-year-old Hendrikova were driven to a forest outside Perm, told to march forward, and were killed with a rifle butt.

</doc>
<doc id="9747580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747580" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgetown">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgetown

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgetown () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The diocese encompasses the entirety of the former British dependency of Barbados. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
Erected in 1970 as the Diocese of Bridgetown-Kingstown, the diocese was split on 23 October 1989 into the Diocese of Bridgetown and the Diocese of Kingstown. In September 2011, Father Jason Gordon was consecrated Bishop of this Diocese, after the retirement of Bishop Malcolm Galt in May 2005.Both Bishops Malcolm Galt and Jason Gordon are clergy
native to Trinidad .
In 2009, the Mayor of the Irish city of Drogheda presented Father Harcourt Blackett with a scroll to commemorate the 360th anniversary of the deportation of Irish Catholics to Barbados. The Irish Catholic migrants formed the basis of the Catholic Church in Barbados. Historically the Church of England was the official state religion in the colony of Barbados, and the Irish Catholics that practiced their faith were forced to worship and practice their religion in underground caves in Barbados. Specifically Indian cave and Chapel cave both in the northern parts of Barbados have been identified as having been used as such. Father Blackett said he expected to receive more scrolls from other Irish cities which Barbados has a historic link including Wexford and Waterford. He also proposed the establishment of a shrine in the Caves in Barbados to remember those that worshiped there in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="9747594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747594" title="Centennial Station">
Centennial Station

The Centennial Station (also known as the Olympia-Lacey Amtrak Station) is a train station located immediately south of Lacey, Washington, United States that also serves the capital city of Olympia. The station is served by Amtrak's (the National Railroad Passenger Corporation) Amtrak "Cascades" and "Coast Starlight".
Although the Amtrak "Cascades" runs between Eugene, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, there is no train that starts at one terminus and ends at the other. However, each day eight Amtrak "Cascades" trains (four northbound and four southbound) stop at the Centennial Station. The "Coast Starlight" has a simpler, less frequent schedule and runs daily in each direction between Los Angeles, California and Seattle. (The next northbound stop on both Amtrak trains is in Tacoma and the next southbound stop is in Centralia.)
Local transit connections are provided by Intercity Transit. Bus routes 64 and 94 connect to Lacey and Olympia Transit centers.
Of the eighteen Washington stations served by Amtrak, Olympia-Lacey was the fifth busiest in fiscal year 2010, boarding or detraining an average of about 170 passengers daily.
History.
The original Union Pacific station at East Olympia was demolished in the late 1960s. It was used by the pool trains that ran between Seattle and Portland by all three railroads that used the line, Northern Pacific, Great Northern, and Union Pacific. Amtrak trains during the 1970s and 1980s used a wooden shelter as East Olympia's passenger train station, however the station site was remote and had no public transport, no lighting and a pot-holed gravel parking lot with a public telephone that rarely worked.
The new Centennial Station was built by the non-profit Amtrak Depot Committee and opened in early 1993 following a six-year fundraising and lobbying effort by citizens of Thurston County. It is believed to be the only Amtrak station in the nation operated and built entirely by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="9747634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747634" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Georgetown">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Georgetown

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Georgetown (erected 12 April 1837, as the Vicariate Apostolic of British Guiana) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain. It was elevated to the Diocese of Georgetown on 29 February 1956. The diocese's cathedral, the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, is located in Georgetown, Guyana.
External links and references.
http://www.rcdiocesegy.org/site/
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/country/GY.htm
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/diocese/dgeor.html

</doc>
<doc id="9747657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747657" title="United States House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice">
United States House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice

The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice is one of five subcommittees of the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.
Jurisdiction.
The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: constitutional amendments, constitutional rights, Federal civil rights, ethics in government, tort liability, including medical malpractice and product liability, legal reform generally, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight.

</doc>
<doc id="9747682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747682" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Paramaribo">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Paramaribo

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Paramaribo (erected 22 November 1817, as the Prefecture Apostolic of Dutch Guyana-Suriname) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain. It was elevated to an apostolic vicariate on 12 September 1842 and to the Diocese of Paramaribo on 7 May 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9747690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747690" title="Doomadgee Airport">
Doomadgee Airport

Doomadgee Airport is an airport in Doomadgee, Queensland, Australia. The airport recently received $200,853 for security upgrades.

</doc>
<doc id="9747691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747691" title="Lime (magazine)">
Lime (magazine)

LIME was a monthly magazine published under the umbrella of MediaCorp that targeted Asian youths and focused on tabloid breaking news, music, celebrity,entertainment and lifestyle.
The contents in LIME usually featured Asian celebrities and lifestyles of youth in Singapore and was different from 8 Days (magazine), another entertainment publication by MediaCorp Publishing.
The cost of the magazine was SGD$3 for the Singapore Edition and RM5.50 for the Malaysian edition.
Editions.
LIME was published in two editions : 
Awards.
It won two awards in ASIA Media Awards 2006 for Best in Design (Silver Award) and in the SOPA Awards 2005 for Excellence in Magazine Design (Honorable Mention).
Early Demise.
Management decided in 2008 that LIME, both in Malaysia and Singapore, would be discontinued. While the Singaporean team was reshuffled to various departments, Angelina George the editor of the Malaysian edition was made Group Sub Editor. Michael Chiang has stayed on to be Editorial Consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="9747707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747707" title="Bugright">
Bugright

Bugright is the 2nd full album by Japanese rock band, Uverworld. The album was released on February 21, 2007. A limited pressing of the album was released on the same day as the normal pressing. The limited pressing features a different cover and includes a special 3-piece casing, a DVD that contains the music videos of "Colors of the Heart", "Shamrock", "Kimi no Suki na Uta" and a documentary featuring the process of recording the album.
The album entered the Oricon charts 38 times and it is ranked 2nd at its peak. The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
The album's name is a blend of the English words, "bug" meaning wrong or defect and "right" meaning correct and justice.

</doc>
<doc id="9747721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747721" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Willemstad">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Willemstad

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Willemstad () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Curaçao in the Caribbean. The diocese encompasses the territory of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the Caribbean: the countries (landen) Aruba, Curaçao, Sint Maarten (the southern half of St. Martin) and the islands Bonaire, St. Eustatius, Saba (which are part of the Netherlands). The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Port of Spain, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
The diocese of Willemstad was erected in 1752 as the Prefecture Apostolic of Curaçao. It was elevated to an apostolic vicariate on 20 September 1842 and to the Diocese of Willemstad on 28 April 1958. The language spoken in many of the Catholic churches here is Papiamento and English. The diocese has maintained a website in this language and in English. Some priests are members of the Society of the Divine Word (SVD), Order of Preachers (OP), Michaelites (CSMA), and Salesians of Don Bosco (SDB).
Catholic Churches and Parishes.
shown by church name, neighborhood, town/city

</doc>
<doc id="9747732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747732" title="Fort Robidoux">
Fort Robidoux

Fort Robidoux, a fur trading post also known as Fort Uintah and Fort Winty, was located at the junction of the Uintah and Whiterocks rivers in the Uinta Basin of northeastern Utah. It was founded in 1832 after Antoine Robidoux bought out the Reed Trading Post that had been in operation at that site since 1828. Robidoux had traded for beaver pelts in the Uinta Basin region as early as 1824. By 1828 he had established his first trading post in the intermountain corridor of the western slopes of the Rocky Mountains on the Gunnision River near present day Delta, Colorado. Robidoux took out Mexican citizenship and married Carmel Benevedes, the adopted daughter of the governor of New Mexico, that same year. This enabled him to obtain a Mexican trading and trapping license.
With Robidoux's focus on the Colorado fort, William Reed, his twelve-year-old nephew James Reed, and Denis Julien traveled to the Uinta Basin and established the Reed Trading Post, making this the first permanent non-Indian residence and business in the state of Utah. Once his operations were well established on the Gunnison River, Robidoux purchased both the site and business from William Reed and expanded their operation by building a larger fort and bringing in trappers to trap the beaver-rich streams of the Green and Uintah rivers.
By shifty maneuvering and grim determination, Robidoux kept the upper hand in the Uinta Basin region's fur trade against competition from Fort Davy Crockett, located in Brown's Hole on the Green River, as well as from the American Fur Company, the Hudson's Bay Company, and traders out of Bent's Fort. Robidoux's business practices at Fort Uintah included trapping and trading for furs from the Indians and from free trappers, horse trading, and the illegal practice of trading both guns and liquor to the Indians. There is some evidence that Robidoux was also involved in During his years in business such notables as Kit Carson, Miles Goodyear, Marcus Whitman, Joe Meeks, Captain John C. Fremont, August Archambeaux, Rufus Sage, and the Reverend Joseph Williams all visited Fort Uintah. As the beaver trade declined in the late 1830s and early 1840s, so too did Robidoux's business. In August 1844 the Ute Indians attacked and burned both Fort Uintah and the Gunnison fort. Causes for the attack could have included Robidoux's cheating of the Indians, involvement with the capture of Indian women and children for prostitution and slavery, and sales of guns and alcohol to the Utes. The attack and burning of Robidoux's forts were the only successful attack by Indians of a trading post in fur trade history. Indian slave trade. 
See also.
Cabanne's Trading Post

</doc>
<doc id="9747748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747748" title="Treaty of Cazola">
Treaty of Cazola

The Treaty of Cazola (or Cazorla) was signed in 1179 in Soria between Alfonso II of Aragon and Alfonso VIII of Castile. The pact divided Andalusia into separate zones of conquest for the two kingdoms, so that the work of the "Reconquista" would not be stymied by internecine feuding over spoils among the Christians. Aragon was given the places of Xàtiva, Denia, and Biar, from Biar to Calpe towards Valencia. Castile had all the lands on the other side of Biar. Compared with the earlier Treaty of Tudilén, Aragon had lost the right of annexing Murcia. The agreement further stipulated that it was to be held in perpetuity and upheld by the successors of both Alfonsos. This was reinforced with a clause stating that neither king could give up his part or diminish the part of the other, nor could any obstacle be put in the way by either king of the conquest by his counterpart of his rightful division. The subsequent breach of the treaty by both parties led to the Treaty of Almizra in 1244. 

</doc>
<doc id="9747750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747750" title="French submarine Favorite (Q195)">
French submarine Favorite (Q195)

The Favorite ("Favourite") was an "Aurore" class submarine of the French Navy. She was captured by the Germans in June 1940 and recommissioned in the "Kriegsmarine" as UF-2 in May 1941.
Career.
The "Favorite" was laid down in 1937 in Rouen, and launched in September 1938. She never participated in any patrols with the French Navy.
After her capture, she was commissioned into Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" on 5 November 1942 and used as a training ship in the 5th Flotilla (Kiel) from November 1942 to October 1943, as well as in the "U-Abwehrschule" (Bergen), from November 1943 to July 1944.
She was decommissioned on 5 July 1944, and scuttled at Gotenhafen in 1945.
Commanders.
The submarine was initially commanded by "Korvettenkapitän" Georg Lange, who served from November 1942 to October 1943. He lost command due to the loss of the boat. "Oberleutnant zur See" Heinrich Gehrken, served from the time Georg Lange lost the boat, until July 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9747756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747756" title="Unit 187">
Unit 187

Unit 187 is a Canadian industrial band, started by John Morgan and Tod Law in 1994.
History.
Unit 187 (also known as "Unit:187") was formed in Vancouver. Vancouver industrial scene influences such as Front Line Assembly and Skinny Puppy helped guide the band to write their first self-titled studio album which was released by 21st Circuitry in 1995. In 1998, the band's second album "Loaded", produced by Devin Townsend gained critical acclaim with several of the songs becoming international favorites on the industrial music charts. In 1999, 21st Circuitry Records collapsed, and left the band to find a new home for their music. In 2001, 187 released "Capital Punishment" on their new label, COP International. Mixes by Ken 'Hiwatt' Marshall and Anthony Valcic made the album stand out as the band's best to date and cemented their unique deep electronic sound as something apart from the ordinary, according to critics.
Unit 187 released their fourth studio album, "Out For Blood", at the end of October 2010 with producer Chris Peterson.
In 2012, Unit 187 and Vendetta Music released the "Out for Blood" Remix album "Transifusion" featuring remixes from bands including Stiff Valentine 16 Volt Mindless Faith iVardensphere

</doc>
<doc id="9747762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747762" title="Denise Okuda">
Denise Okuda

Denise Lynn Okuda is co-author of the "Star Trek Encyclopedia".
Okuda is also a computer, scenic and video supervisor, and a writer known for her work on several "Star Trek" film and television productions, as well as other science fiction television. She also co-authored the "Star Trek Chronology". 
Denise Okuda currently serves as a consultant to CBS on the project to upgrade ' to high definition. She previously served as a producer for visual effects for CBS Paramount's remastered version of the original Star Trek series. Okuda's credits also include ', ', ', and four "Star Trek" movies. Working with her husband, Michael, Denise wrote trivia text commentaries for the ten "Star Trek" Special Edition DVD movies, as well as special text commentaries for the "Star Trek" Fan Collection sets. Her other production credits include the pilot episode of "Threshold" and the TV series version of "The Flash".
Denise was a cataloguer for the auction of Star Trek memorabilia by Christie's auction house in 2006. She was interviewed on her work for the project in the History Channel documentary "".

</doc>
<doc id="9747769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747769" title="KMXI">
KMXI

KMXI is a commercial radio station located in Chico, California, broadcasting on 95.1 FM. KMXI airs an adult contemporary music format branded as "Mix 95.1".
History.
The station began as KPAY-FM with a beautiful music format until 1987 when they shifted to an AC format. In April 1994 they changed their call letters to KMXI, now known as "Mix 95.1".

</doc>
<doc id="9747775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747775" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien (), erected 3 October 1861 as the Diocese of Cap-Haïtien, is a metropolitan diocese, responsible for the suffragan Dioceses of Fort-Liberté, Hinche, Les Gonaïves and Port-de-Paix. It was elevated on 7 April 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="9747789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747789" title="ISAA Player of the Year">
ISAA Player of the Year

The ISAA Player of the Year was an annual U.S. college soccer award presented by the Intercollegiate Soccer Association of America (ISAA) between 1984 and 1995. In 1984, the ISAA began recognizing outstanding men's NCAA soccer players with an annual Player of the Year award. In 1985 the ISAA expanded its recognition program to include women's collegiate players. The ISAA continued to award this honor through the 1995 season, the last year that any player was named. The NCAA recognizes these players in its record books.

</doc>
<doc id="9747795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747795" title="Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba candidates, 1988 Manitoba provincial election">
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba candidates, 1988 Manitoba provincial election

The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 1988 provincial election, and won 25 seats to form a minority government. Many of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Allan Yap (Burrows).
Yap was the sales manager for a prominent insurance company, and was involved in the Malaysia Singapore Association of Manitoba. He first campaigned for the Manitoba legislature in the 1981 provincial election at age forty, as a candidate of the Progressive Party.
He is not to be confused with the Vancouver businessman of the same name.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="9747803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747803" title="Circle C Ranch">
Circle C Ranch

Circle C Ranch (also known as Circle C) is a large master-planned community in southwest Austin, Texas, USA. Development of Circle C Ranch began in 1982, with the first homes in the community in built in 1986. During development, the subdivision was featured prominently in a long and contentious environmental legal battle regarding urban development in the vicinity of Barton Springs and over Edwards Aquifer. The controversy surrounding its development and later annexation by the city of Austin was a landmark in municipal annexation rights in Texas.
Development of Circle C started in 1983 and the first homes were built in 1987. Today, Circle C Ranch includes more than 4,800 homes. Amenities include an 18-hole golf course called the Grey Rock Golf Club, tennis club, two swim centers, a fire station, and more than of dedicated parkland. The Circle C Swim Center has a year-round, outdoor, Olympic-size heated pool, the only one of its kind in Texas. A second, family oriented swimming pool complex, with office space and meeting rooms, was finished at the end of January 2012.
History.
Development of Circle C Ranch began in 1982 when Gary Bradley, at the time a part-owner of the Schlotzsky's restaurant chain, and his development partners began to earn development permits and acquire land in southwest Austin, Texas. However, several local environmentalist groups including the Save Our Springs Alliance (SOS) were strongly opposed to the development due to the subdivision's planned location over the recharge zone of the Edwards Aquifer. Despite the strong opposition, the first homes in Circle C were built in 1986. In 1988, the Save Barton Creek Association filed a lawsuit against the Texas Highway Department in order to stop the extension of Texas State Highway Loop 1 into southwest Austin and to halt further development of Circle C Ranch. However, the subdivision's homeowner association was able to defend its rights to the land, and thus development continued.
By 1990, Circle C Ranch was considered the top selling subdivision in Central Texas. However, in the same year, the Gibraltar Savings and Loan bank based in California failed to pay off its debts, and all of its assets were transferred; at the time, this was one of the largest insolvencies in American history. Since the savings and loan company was the source for much of the money and resources involved in the development of Circle C Ranch, the subdivision went bankrupt and entered Chapter 11 reorganization status; reorganization was completed in 1992. Over the following years, several ordinances and lawsuits were filed in relation to Circle C Ranch and its environmental implications, resulting in the creation of the Southwest Travis County Water and Reclamation District in 1996 and the Slaughter Creek Water Protection Zone the following year. However, both the water district and protection zone were found unconstitutional. On December 18, 1997, Circle C Ranch was involuntarily annexed by the City of Austin after roughly 15 years of development.
Real Estate Trends.
Median housing values have been steadily increasing in Circle C Ranch since the second quarter of 2011. As of February 2013 the current median value of homes in Circle C was $335,000, a 9.7% increase over the previous 12 month period. Distressed sales, those that are sold as foreclosure or short sale, have remained below 5% of the total number of sales.

</doc>
<doc id="9747805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747805" title="Bill Keith">
Bill Keith

Bill Keith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9747806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747806" title="Jeanne Delanoue">
Jeanne Delanoue

Saint Jeanne Delanoue (Saint Joan of the Cross) (June 18, 1666 – August 17, 1736) is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church from France and founder of the Congregation of St. Anne of Providence.
Biography.
Early life.
Jeanne was born in Saumur, located in the region of Anjoú, France, the youngest of twelve children. Throughout much of her childhood and early life she was described as very selfish, thinking only of herself. Her father was a draper, and her mother ran a shop selling religious goods, catering to pilgrims to a local shrine to the Blessed Virgin Mary, under the title of Our Lady of Ardillier. She took this business over at the age of 25 when her mother died. She also provided accommodations to pilgrims who were visiting the shrine. The fact, however, that her only goal was to make money from them was apparent when she opened her store on Sundays, an unusual practice in that period.
Conversion.
On Pentecost 1693, Jeanne encountered a poor widow and pilgrim from Rennes, named Francoise Fouchet, who predicted that Jeanne would one day spend her life in care for the poor. Though Jeanne was already a devout person, this prediction was met with skepticism; but as time passed, caring for the less fortunate is exactly what Jeanne came to do. She began caring for orphans and living a truly spiritual life, to the point where she eventually closed the family business to commit herself more fully to this work. As she converted her ways, many doubted her sincerity but she was not discouraged. Jeanne, along with other women who shared her vision of helping the needy, founded the Sisters of Saint Anne of Providence of Samur. The congregation was formally approved by the Vatican in 1704.
Worn out by her labors, Jeanne Delanoue died on August 17, 1736, at Fencet, France, of natural causes. At the time of her death, there were twelve communities of her sisters, spread throughout France, serving the poor and needy.
Legacy.
The congregation Jeanne founded was renamed "Congregation of St. Anne of Providence" on December 3, 1964. She was canonized in October 1982 by Pope John Paul II. Today the congregation she founded serves the poor in France, Madagascar and Sumatra.
"La Nef ardente" is an oratorio by Michel Bosc about Jeanne Delanoue.

</doc>
<doc id="9747807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747807" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince (erected 3 October 1861) is a metropolitan diocese, responsible for the suffragan Dioceses of Jacmel, Jérémie, Anse-à-Veau and Miragoâne and Les Cayes.
The archdiocese was a vacant see following the death of Archbishop Joseph Serge Miot, who was one of the many casualties of the 12 January 2010 earthquake when the Archdiocesan Chancery building collapsed. The archdiocese's chancellor was also reportedly killed.
On the one-year anniversary of the disaster, Pope Benedict XVI named Guire Poulard - who had been the Bishop of Les Cayes - as the new Archbishop of Port-au-Prince. At the same time he named Glandas Marie Erick Toussaint as the auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese.

</doc>
<doc id="9747823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747823" title="Zaman (album)">
Zaman (album)

Zaman (, ) is the second album of the celebrated Lebanese singer, Amal Hijazi. Ranging from fast-beat, pop songs like "Comme çi, Comme ça", "Einak" and "Romansyia" to classical love-ballads like its title track "Zaman" and "Oulhali" this album is considered to be one of the most popular and biggest-selling albums Arabic albums ever. The title track, "Zaman", became a blockbuster hit and the music video was broadcast all over the Arab Satellite Channels. Even today, "Zaman" is considered one of the greatest Arabic hits ever and is perhaps Hijazi's best known song. Many fans consider this particular album that rose Hijazi to her fame.
Overview.
Release.
The anticipated release of "Zaman" caused the unprecedented popularity of Amal Hijazi to be reached all over the Middle East, gathering fans and admirers throughout all Arab countries. Critics and fans were all thrilled alike. Hijazi conquered the music market and sales of the album exceeded expectations. "Zaman" is also one of the biggest selling Arabic albums ever.
Soon, after the album's release, it saw Hijazi launch a major world tour. Her huge popularity caused her to land an endorsement deal with the Panasonic company. Hijazi starred in commercials in which she was seen promoting Panasonic products. They also included her hit singles off this blockbuster-hit album.
Singles.
"Einak" ("Your Eyes") released was the album's lead single which a great duet with the Raï star Faudel. The song was played heavily on the radio and the music video was broadcast all over the Arab Satellite Channels. It is considered to be the video that made Hijazi the popular pop-star she is today.
"Zaman" also had another single "Romansyia" was also a big hit for Hijazi and was popular especially among teenage girls. In total, "Zaman" released four hit singles that remained on the top charts for weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="9747830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747830" title="Sunnyside, Oregon">
Sunnyside, Oregon

Sunnyside may refer to one of several places in the U.S. state of Oregon:

</doc>
<doc id="9747833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747833" title="Leigh Lake Ranger Patrol Cabin">
Leigh Lake Ranger Patrol Cabin

Leigh Lake Ranger Patrol Cabin was designed and built by the U.S. Forest Service in the 1920s. The cabin is located northwest of Leigh Lake in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The cabin was built to a standardized design, similar to that used for the Moran Bay Patrol Cabin. The cabin was acquired by the National Park Service upon the designation of Grand Teton National Park on February 26, 1929 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990. The cabin is still in use by the National Park Service.
The Leigh Lake cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9747841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747841" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hinche">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hinche

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hinche (), erected 20 April 1972, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien.

</doc>
<doc id="9747851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747851" title="Neptune's Triumph for the Return of Albion">
Neptune's Triumph for the Return of Albion

"Neptune's Triumph for the Return of Albion" was a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson, and designed by Inigo Jones. The masque is notable for the contradictory historical evidence connected with it and the confusion it caused among generations of scholars and critics.
Context.
The masque was intended as the major entertainment of the 1623–24 Christmas holiday season, and was scheduled to be performed on Twelfth Night, 6 January 1624. During the Jacobean era, however, attendance at the performances of the Stuart Court masques was coveted and controversial — especially among the foreign diplomats of the Court, who competed fiercely among themselves for admittance to the masques and especially for seating near the King. In the case of "Neptune's Triumph," the dispute between the French and Spanish ambassadors was so intense that James I cancelled the performance. 
There was more than ego or vague national pride involved: James's son and heir, the future Charles I, had returned from Spain and his fruitless quest for a marriage with the Spanish Infanta, the "Spanish match" that was a point of intense controversy in Britain at the time. His arrival back in England on 5 October 1623 is the "return of Albion" of the title. James himself had censored and approved the text of the masque; but since he had been the prime backer of the Spanish match, a masque that took a benign view of its failure was perhaps easy for the King to cancel.
Contents.
The masque opens with a long conversation between a poet and a cook, who represent Jonson and Jones respectively. The cook and his cookery are Jonson's satire on Jones's artistry in masque design. After the anti-masque, Jones's set of the floating island of Delos was meant to be revealed, with Apollo and Mercury presenting the serious portion of the work, supported by the minor Greek sea gods Proteus, Portunus, and Saron. Songs and dances would have ensued, and an anti-masque of sailors.
It is possible that Jonson's unperformed masque may have influenced the most famous literary work connected with the Spanish match affair, Middleton's "A Game at Chess." When Jonson's text was published, in quarto in 1624 and in the second folio collection of Jonson's works in 1641, the wording of the title pages gave the impression that the masque had in fact been performed. Generations of scholars took these statements at face value, and believed that the masque had been staged.
The fact that none of his contemporaries had actually seen the masque allowed Jonson to re-use material from the text in subsequent works. Some "lyrical passages" from "Neptune's Triumph" re-appeared in the next year's masque "The Fortunate Isles and Their Union," while comedy material from the anti-masque that satirizes Inigo Jones is employed in "The Staple of News" (1626).

</doc>
<doc id="9747872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747872" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Gonaïves">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Gonaïves

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Les Gonaïves (), erected 3 October 1861, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien.

</doc>
<doc id="9747886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747886" title="Vatan (disambiguation)">
Vatan (disambiguation)

Vatan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9747891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747891" title="Civil Peace">
Civil Peace

"Civil Peace" is a 1971 short story by Chinua Achebe. It is about the effects of the Nigerian Civil War (1967–1970) on the people, and the "civil peace" that followed.
Plot summary.
The story starts off in eastern Nigeria after the civil war has ended. The protagonist, Jonathan Iwegbu, was able to keep his bicycle, which he turns into a taxi to make money. In two weeks he makes 150 pounds. Jonathan then travels to Enugu to search for his home, and to his surprise it is still standing when other structures around it are demolished. The house needs some repairs, so Jonathan finds some supplies around and hires a carpenter. He then moves his family back in. The entire family works hard to earn money and rebuild their lives. The children pick mangoes and Maria makes akara balls to sell. After finding that his job as a miner isn't a possibility he decides to run a bar for soldiers out of his house.
Jonathan gets an "egg rasher" (a butchered pronunciation of the Latin "ex gratia", which translates into "as a favor") for turning in rebel currency to the Treasury, and in exchange they gave him 20 pounds legitimate currency. The next night, a large group of robbers show up at his house demanding 100 pounds. When Jonathan replies that he doesn't have that much money, the robbers break in and take the 20 pounds anyway. After they take the money, life goes on as usual for Jonathan because 'Nothing Puzzles God', meaning that the robbery has a greater meaning in God's eyes than how it seemed to Jonathan.
Character overview.
Jonathan Iwegbu, the protagonist of "Civil Peace", is the optimistic nucleus of the entire narrative. Despite the recent devastation of the Biafran War, Jonathan exhibits a happy tone in the face of death. Jonathan's optimism is first demonstrated in the first paragraph when he exclaims how happy he is for his life. The quote repeated towards the end of the book reflects the theme is "Nothing puzzles God" and then continues to explain "He had come out of the war with five inestimable blessings --- his head, his wife Maria’s head, and the heads of three out of their four children." The protagonist is happy because he can now enjoy the company of those alive, instead of being sad for the one who died. Jonathan's optimism continues to prevail when he sees his house for the first time which, was slightly damaged "But what was that?" and then continues to explain that he had enough time left in the day to forage for materials “... before thousands more came out of their forest holes looking for the same things.” further emphasizing his optimism and its benefits. Later in the story, Jonathan opens a bar, creating new employment as opposed to dwelling in the fact that his former job, mining coal, is no longer an option. Jonathan's optimism remains unshakable through to the end of the story even when some of his money is stolen by thieves.
Historical context.
Much of Chinua Achebe's literature was inspired by the events of the Biafran War and by the responses to a war that, for many Igbo writers, was a struggle for survival, a search for a new beginning for Africa, and a redefinition of Black identity in the context of a complex world behavior. A leading novelist at the time, Chinua Achebe was a pioneer in post-war Igbo literary activities. Achebe maintained
Achebe does not hide the fact that the Biafran situation has affected his creativity in no small way.

</doc>
<doc id="9747899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747899" title="Pactum Sicardi">
Pactum Sicardi

The Pactum Sicardi was a treaty signed on 4 July 836 between the Greek Duchy of Naples, including its satellite city-states of Sorrento and Amalfi, represented by Bishop John IV and Duke Andrew II, and the Lombard Prince of Benevento, Sicard. The treaty was an armistice ending a war between the Greek states and Benevento, during which the Byzantine Empire had not intervened on behalf of its subjects. It was supposed to last five years. 
By the treaty Prince Sicard recognised the rights of merchants from the three cities to travel through his domains. He made navigation up the rivers Patria, Volturno, and Minturno open to merchants, "responsales" (envoys), and "milities" (soldiers). Sicard did not give up his powers of enforcement over either the illegal slave trade (in Lombards) or the trafficking in stolen merchandise. He did abolish the "lex naufragii" (law of shipwreck) by which the landowner on whose shores a wrecked ship or its cargo washed up was the possessor of that wealth: "If a ship is wrecked because of the fault the men aboard the goods found in it are to be returned to the one to whome they belonged and still belong." This measure, protecting the property rights of shipping companies and merchants, was "far in advance of thes times". 
Despite these efforts, a war began again in 837, when Duke Andrew of Naples called in Saracens as allies against Benevento. In 838 Sicard captured Amalfi by sea.

</doc>
<doc id="9747901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747901" title="Dubbo City Regional Airport">
Dubbo City Regional Airport

Dubbo City Regional Airport , is a regional airport serving Dubbo, a city in the Australian state of New South Wales. The airport is located northwest of Dubbo and is operated by the Dubbo City Council. It is also known as Dubbo Airport or Dubbo City Airport.
History.
Airplanes began landing in Dubbo in the 1920s, though it wasn't until 1935 that land was purchased for an official airport. During World War II, the airport was reconstructed to be a military airport. The airport runway was redone by the Department of Civil Aviation in 1969, and a terminal was opened in 1970. The Dubbo City Council accepted ownership of the airport on 1 July 1970. The airport has been used for scheduled, charter, and freight services since then.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 05/23 measuring and 11/29 measuring .
Controversy.
In February 2013, Dubbo City Council (DCC) announced that it would screen all passengers and bags boarding Regional Express and QantasLink aircraft, after QantasLink announced it would introduce the Dash-8 Q400 to the route. DCC would also charge Regional Express (REX) more than per year for the screening, which REX sees as subsiding QantasLink, after DCC claimed to the Deputy Premier, Andrew Stoner, that it is required under the Air Transport Safety Regulations (ATSR) and that it is inflexible. REX hit back at the claims that screening was necessary, pointing out that Albury and Wagga Wagga Airports allow parallel departures under the ATSR and at Mildura, passengers are screened at no extra cost. REX lodged an official complaint against DCC with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission over the screening charge.
The Mayor of Dubbo, Mathew Dickerson, stated that the council wouldn't back down on the screenings and also stating that ""I don't want to be the mayor when a Dubbo plane hits the Harbour Bridge because passengers were not screened"". REX announced that would refuse to pay any security screening costs and is planning to re-deploy aircraft used on the Dubbo - Sydney route.
On 14 March 2013, REX announced that it could cut the weekly services, in response to DCC decision to charge for screening, on the Dubbo - Sydney route from 82 to 73 flights from April 2013 and re-deploying its Dubbo - Sydney aircraft for the Wagga Wagga to Sydney route.
Statistics.
Dubbo Airport was ranked 36th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9747911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747911" title="Love Song (Blue Café song)">
Love Song (Blue Café song)

"Love Song" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English (with some lyrics in Spanish) by Blue Café.
The song is an up-tempo number, heavily inspired by Latin music. Lead singer Tatiana Okupnik sings that she wants to be loved, and that "Every night/I sing this way". The bridge is delivered in Spanish, in keeping with the musical style, and features Okupnik telling her lover that she wants to be his girl and that she enjoys feeling like a girl around him.
As Poland had finished the 2003 Contest in the top 10, the song was pre-qualified for the final. Here, it was performed nineteenth (following Ireland's Chris Doran with If My World Stopped Turning and preceding the United Kingdom's James Fox with "Hold On To Our Love"). At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 17th in a field of 24 and requiring Poland to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2005 Contest by Ivan & Delfin with "Czarna dziewczyna".

</doc>
<doc id="9747922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747922" title="Independent candidates, 1988 Manitoba provincial election">
Independent candidates, 1988 Manitoba provincial election

There were eleven independent candidates in the 1988 Manitoba provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Michael Ambrose Kibzey (Burrows).
Kibzey received 129 votes (1.75%), finishing fourth against Liberal candidate Bill Chornopyski. He died in 1997, at age 76.
Bill Seman (Concordia).
Seman received 358 votes (3.65%), finishing fourth against New Democratic Party leader Gary Doer.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="9747924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747924" title="Market Street Railway (nonprofit)">
Market Street Railway (nonprofit)

Market Street Railway is San Francisco Municipal Railway's (Muni) 1,200-member nonprofit preservation partner. It relies on private contributions to help keep San Francisco’s famed historic streetcars of the F Market & Wharves line and the national landmark cable cars running to this day.
Market Street Railway maintains a vintage vehicle restoration facility at 1 Buchanan Street, in the shadow of the 1937 San Francisco Mint. It is here that Market Street Railway volunteers restore historic vehicles before donating them to Muni.
Market Street Railway borrows the name of the Market Street Railway Company, a former commercial streetcar and bus operator in San Francisco.
History.
Founded in 1976, Market Street Railway members created the successful San Francisco Trolley Festivals of the 1980s that resulted in the permanent return of streetcars to Market Street in the form of the F Market & Wharves — the most popular service of its kind in all of North America. The F-line carries more than double the ridership of the bus lines it replaced.
Over the past twenty years, Market Street Railway has helped Muni to acquire and restore more than a dozen historic streetcars and cable cars for service, adding diversity to Muni’s unmatched historic fleet. Market Street Railway's restoration corps has done much of this restoration work themselves. Its volunteers also clean the interiors of the F-line cars at the Castro Street Terminal to improve rider experience.
San Francisco Railway Museum.
Additionally, Market Street Railway developed and operates the San Francisco Railway Museum, a local history museum in the Vitale Hotel on the Embarcadero that showcases historical railway artifacts and tells the story of transportation in San Francisco.
Vision for the future.
Led by President Rick Laubscher, Market Street Railway is working to increase F-line service levels and to expand historic streetcar service through the forthcoming E Embarcadero line. The E-line will directly connect regional transit service—including Caltrain, BART and bay ferries to waterfront businesses and attractions stretching from Mission Bay to Fort Mason (the F and E Line extension is currently being evaluated by Muni).
Market Street Railway is also working to restore and inaugurate the Market Street Railway Teaching Trolley, a 1924 streetcar which will serve to teach schoolchildren how electric railway vehicles work.

</doc>
<doc id="9747950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747950" title="Hinduism in the Republic of Macedonia">
Hinduism in the Republic of Macedonia

Hinduism in the Republic of Macedonia is mainly represented by the Hare Krishna movement (ISKCON) and the Sathya Sai Baba Organisation. ISKCON and the Satya Sai Baba-Centre have been registered in the Republic of Macedonia as a part of the Oriental religion.
Hare Krishna in Macedonia.
ISKCON is a legally registered and recognized as a religious minority in Macedonia. The main center is located in Skopje, Ul:31 Br:33, nas. Volkovo, 1000 Skopje, with sympathizers throughout the country. Its first center was opened in 1988. Local members are frequently visited by devotees from other former Yugoslav countries, who are considerably larger in number.
In Macedonia, governments regularly invite Hare Krishna devotees whenever there is an occasion for various religious bodies to meet together. The deceased President Trajkovski invited members each time he met with leaders from other religious groups.
Sathya Sai Baba Organisation in Macedonia.
The Sathya Sai Baba Organisation is a legally registered and recognized as a religious minority in Macedonia. The Macedonian Sathya Sai movement, much like the Hare Krishna devotees, has its roots at the end of the 1980s. At that time a group in Skopje was formed spontaneously. Now the Sathya Sai Organization has three centres in Skopje. There is a smaller group in Štip, and a sizable number of sympathizers in the rest of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9747958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747958" title="Still Kicking">
Still Kicking

Still Kicking can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9747971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747971" title="Visions of Jesus and Mary">
Visions of Jesus and Mary

Since the Crucifixion of Jesus Christ on Calvary, a number of people have claimed to have had visions of Christ and personal conversations with him. Some people make similar claims regarding his mother Mary. Discussions about the authenticity of these visions have often invited controversy. The Catholic Church endorses a fraction of these claims, and various visionaries it accepts have achieved beatification, or even sainthood.
The very first reported visions of Christ, and personal conversations with him, after his resurrection and prior to his ascension are found in the New Testament. One of the most widely recalled Resurrection appearances of Jesus is the doubting Thomas conversation (John 20:24-29) between him and Thomas the Apostle after his death. The last book of the Bible itself is based on a series of visions. In the Book of Revelation, the author, often identified as John of Patmos, recorded visions that became part of the New Testament.
Acceptance and impact.
Some visions predate the Protestant Reformation, yet among Christian denominations, the Catholic Church has made more formal comments on visions of Jesus and the Virgin Mary. Author Michael Freze argues that Catholic practices such as Eucharistic adoration, rosary devotions and contemplative meditation with a focus on "interior life" facilitate visions and apparitions.
The first step in the mysticism of Saint Teresa of Ávila, a Doctor of the Church who reported extensive visions, was "mental prayer", i.e. devout contemplation or concentration, the withdrawal of the soul from without and specially the devout observance of the passion of Christ and penitence (Autobiography 11.20).
In recent centuries, people reporting visions of Jesus have been of diverse backgrounds: laity and clergy, young and old, Catholics and Protestants, devout or casual believers.
Vatican guidelines.
The Sacred Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith at the Vatican has published a detailed set of steps for "Judging Alleged Apparitions and Revelations" that claim supernatural origin.
After some time and detailed examinations, the Holy See has, however, recognized a few post-Ascension conversations with Jesus as valid. In his 1928 encyclical "Miserentissimus Redemptor" Pope Pius XI stated that Jesus Christ had ""manifested Himself"" to Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque in the 17th Century. The encyclical refers to the conversation between Jesus and Saint Margaret Mary several times. The Vatican biography of Saint Teresa of Ávila refers to her gift of interior locution and her conversations with Jesus. The Vatican biography of Saint Juan Diego discusses his conversation with the Virgin Mary. The Vatican biography of Saint Faustina Kowalska not only refers to her conversations with Jesus, but quotes some of these conversations.
As a historical pattern, Vatican approval seems to have followed general acceptance of a vision by well over a century in most cases. The reported visions of Jesus and Mary by Benoite Rencurel in Saint-Étienne-le-Laus in France from 1664 to 1718 were only recognized by the Holy See in May 2008, making them the first Marian apparitions and visions of Jesus to be approved in the 21st century. According to Father Salvatore M. Perrella of the Mariunum Pontifical Institute in Rome, this is the 12th Marian apparition approved by the Holy See from a total of 295 that have been studied through the centuries.
Controversies.
Many visions of Jesus following his ascension have been reported after the Book of Revelation was written. But the Book of Revelation itself specifically mentions the case of “false prophets” (Rev 19:20) and undoubtedly not everyone claiming to converse with Jesus can be believed. Over the years, a number of people claiming to converse with Jesus for the sake of monetary gain have been exposed. A well-known example was the Charismatic Protestant televangelist Peter Popoff who often claimed to receive messages from God to heal people on stage. Popoff was debunked in 1987 when intercepted messages from his wife to a small radio receiver hidden in his ear were replayed on the Johnny Carson national television show.
Another example is messages from Jesus reported by Catalina Rivas, which have been exposed in a number of cases as less than truthful. A number of messages which Rivas reported as having been received from God were later found to correspond to exact pages of books previously written by other authors (e.g. José Prado Flores), and published instructional literature for Catholic seminarians.
Some reported messages from the Virgin Mary have also involved controversy. Reported Marian messages from Veronica Lueken were declared invalid by Bishop Francis Mugavero of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn and reports of "Our Lady of Surbiton" claiming that the Virgin Mary appeared every day under a pine tree in England were flatly rejected by the Vatican as a fraud.
The Catholic Church has, at times, taken a harsh view of some people who have claimed religious visions. In December 1906, during the reign of Pope Pius X the former Polish nun Feliksa Kozlowska became the first woman in history to be excommunicated by name as a heretic. Some visions of Jesus have simply been classified as hallucinations by the Church, while in a few cases the Church has chosen to remain silent on the authenticity of claimed visions.
Influence.
Despite the expected controversies, post-Ascension visions of Jesus and the Virgin Mary have, in fact, played a key role in the direction of the Catholic Church, e.g. the formation of the Franciscan order and the devotions to the Holy Rosary, the Holy Face of Jesus and the Sacred Heart of Jesus. Key elements of modern Roman Catholic Mariology have been influenced by visions reported by children at Lourdes and Fatima.
Reported messages from Jesus have also influenced papal actions and encyclicals. For instance, the 1899 consecration of the world to the Sacred Heart of Jesus by Pope Leo XIII in the encyclical "Annum Sacrum" was due to the messages from Jesus reported by a nun, Blessed Mary of the Divine Heart Droste zu Vischering. Pope Leo XIII performed the requested consecration a few days after the death of Sister Mary and called it "the greatest act of my pontificate".
Some visions have helped maintain the strength of the Catholic Church through the centuries before being accepted by the Vatican. Saint Juan Diego's reported vision of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico in 1531 was instrumental in adding almost 8 million people to the ranks of Catholics between 1532 and 1538, right in the midst of the Protestant Reformation of 1521 to 1579 which saw a large number of people leave the Catholic Church in Europe. Juan Diego was declared venerable in 1987.
Pilgrimages.
Churches built based on reported visions of Jesus and Mary attract many millions of pilgrims each year. According to Bishop Francesco Giogia the majority of the most visited Catholic shrines in the world are "vision based", in that with about 10 million pilgrims, in 1999 the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City was the most visited Catholic shrine in the world, followed by San Giovanni Rotondo in Italy and Our Lady of Aparecida in Brazil, each with about 6 to 7 million pilgrims per year. Given about 5 million visitors per year to Our Lady of Lourdes and 4 million to Our Lady of Fátima, the major vision based churches receive over 30 million pilgrims per year.
Predictions.
Some of the reported visions of Jesus simply fade away by virtue of predictions that fail to materialize. On the other hand, some predictions based on visions continue to gather interest decades after they were made. Messages from Jesus reported by John Leary in Rochester New York in 1999 had predicted that Pope John Paul II would be forced out of Rome and sent into exile amid chaos. Bishop Matthew Clark of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rochester disallowed these messages at the time, but with the election of Pope Benedict XVI the debate about the validity of these messages seems to have been rendered mute.
On August 19, 1982, some teenagers in Kibeho, Rwanda reported visions of the Virgin Mary and Jesus Christ, as Our Lady of Kibeho. The teenagers reported truly gruesome sights such as rivers of blood and the visions were accompanied by intense reactions: crying, tremors, and comas. Some today regard the visions as an ominous prediction of the Rwandan Genocide of 1994, and particularly in that specific location in 1995 in which some of the teenagers died a decade after their vision. The apparitions were accepted by the local Roman Catholic bishop but have not been given final approval by the Holy Office.
Visions of the early saints.
The Bible includes primarily pre-Ascension visions of Jesus, except for the vision of Christ by Saint Stephen just before his death (Acts 7:55), the road to Damascus voice heard by Saint Paul and the conversation between Jesus and Saint Ananias in Damascus in which Saint Ananias is ordered to heal Saint Paul (Acts 9:10-18). The Damascus appearance is the last reported vision of Jesus in the Bible until the Book of Revelation was written. However, in the following centuries, many saints reported visions of both Jesus and the Blessed Virgin Mary.
In 1205, while praying in the Church of San Damiano just outside Assisi, Saint Francis of Assisi reported a vision in which an image of Jesus came alive and told him: ""Francis, Francis, go and repair My house which, as you can see, is falling into ruins."" This vision lead Saint Francis to renounce the outlook of his merchant family, embrace poverty and form the Franciscan order. The Franciscans became a key force in the renewal of the reach of Christianity. During another vision in 1224 Saint Francis reportedly received the very first recorded case of stigmata.
Starting in 1208, Saint Juliana of Liege had visions of Christ which she kept a secret for almost 20 years. In these visions she was reportedly told to institute a solemn feast for the Blessed Sacrament as the Body of Christ. When she eventually reported her visions to her confessor, the information was relayed to the bishop. Years later, in 1264, Pope Urban IV (who was formerly the Archdeacon of Liege) formally declared the feast of Corpus Christi for the whole Latin Rite, as the first papally sanctioned universal feast for the Latin Rite.
The Blessed Virgin Mary is traditionally said to have appeared to the English Carmelite priest St. Simon Stock in 1251, and given him the Carmelite habit, the Brown Scapular, with a promise that those who die wearing it will be saved. Also known as the Scapular of Our Lady of Mount Carmel, the brown scapular is perhaps the best known, and most widespread of all small scapulars.
Saint Catherine of Siena was a withdrawn Dominican tertiary who lived, fasted and prayed at home in Siena Italy. In 1366, when she was 19 years old she reported her first vision of Jesus after which she started to tend to the sick and the poor. In 1370 she reported a vision in which she was commanded to abandon her life of solitude and to make an impact on the world. She corresponded with Pope Gregory XI and other people in authority, begging for peace and for the reformation of the clergy, writing over 300 letters. Her arguments, and her trip to Avignon, eventually became instrumental in the decision of Pope Gregory XI to return the Avignon Papacy to Rome where she was summoned to live until her death. She is one of only three female Doctors of the Church.
In 1372 Saint Julian of Norwich was on her deathbed and had been given her last rites when she reported a series of visions of Jesus, followed by a sudden recovery. Almost twenty years later she wrote about these visions in her book “Sixteen Revelations of Divine Love” perhaps the first book in the English language written by a woman, presumably because she was unfamiliar with Latin. Her book mentions her illness and her recovery as she saw the shining image of Christ. The sixteen revelations start with the crown of thorns and proceed through the death of Jesus, ending with his resurrection and how Christ still dwells in the souls of those who love him. She is celebrated in the Anglican Church.
In 1531, Saint Juan Diego reported an early morning vision of the Virgin Mary in which he was instructed to build an abbey on the Hill of Tepeyac in Mexico. The local prelate did not believe his account and asked for a miraculous sign, which was later provided as an icon of Our Lady of Guadalupe permanently imprinted on the saint’s cloak where he had gathered roses. Over the years, Our Lady of Guadalupe became a symbol of the Catholic faith in Mexico. By 1820 when the Mexican War of Independence from Spanish colonial rule ended Our Lady of Guadalupe had come to symbolize the Mexican nation. Today it remains a strong national and religious symbol in Mexico.
On St. Peter's Day in 1559, Saint Teresa of Avila (Teresa de Jesús) reported a vision of Jesus present to her in bodily form. For almost two years thereafter she reported similar visions. Saint Teresa’s visions transformed her life and she became a key figure in the Catholic Church eventually being recognized as one of only three female Doctors of the Church. One of her visions is the subject of Bernini's famous work The Ecstasy of St Theresa in the basilica of Santa Maria della Vittoria in Rome.
In the early 17th century, Venerable María de Jesús de Ágreda reported a number of mystical experiences, visions and conversations with the Blessed Virgin Mary. She stated that the Blessed Virgin had inspired and dictated passages in the book "Mystical City of God" as a biography of the Virgin Mary. The book Mystical City of God is still frequently studied in college and university programs of Spanish language and culture. However, the book (which makes a number of somewhat unusual claims) has remained controversial within the Roman Catholic church, having been banned and restored a number of times, and her process of beatification (started in 1673) has not been completed.
From 1673 to 1675, Saint Marguerite Marie Alacoque recounted a series of visions of Christ speaking to her. In December 1673 she reported that Jesus permitted her to rest her head upon his heart, and then disclosed to her the wonders of his love. This led her to the founding of the Devotion of the Sacred Heart. Initially, her life, actions, beliefs and writings became the subject of extreme scrutiny by the Catholic Church. However, she was eventually declared a saint in 1920 and the Feast of the Sacred Heart is now officially celebrated 19 days after Pentecost.
At her profession as a Capuchin Poor Clare nun in 1678, Saint Veronica Giuliani expressed a great desire to suffer in union with the crucified Jesus for the conversion of sinners. Shortly after that time she reported a series of vision of Jesus and the Virgin Mary that lasted a number of years. She reported a vision of Christ bearing his cross and of the chalice symbolizing the Passion of Christ. On Good Friday 1697 she received the five wounds of Christ as stigmata.
19th Century visions.
Blessed Anne Catherine Emmerich was an German Augustinian nun who lived from 1774 to 1824. She was bedridden as of 1813 and is said to have had visible stigmata which would reopen on Good Friday. She reported that since childhood she had visions in which she talked with Jesus. In 1819 the poet Clemens Brentano was inspired to visit her and began to write her visions in his words, with her approval. In 1833, after her death, the book "The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ" was released by Brentano and was used in part by Mel Gibson for his movie "The Passion of the Christ" in 2004. In 1852 the book "The Life of The Blessed Virgin Mary" was published. Emmerich's visions allegedly led a French priest Abbé Julien Gouyet to discover a house near Ephesus in Turkey in 1881. This house is assumed by some Catholics and some Muslims to be the House of the Virgin Mary. The Holy See has taken no official position on the authenticity of the discovery yet, but in 1896 Pope Leo XIII visited it and in 1951 Pope Pius XII initially declared the house a Holy Place. Pope John XXIII later made the declaration permanent. Pope Paul VI in 1967, Pope John Paul II in 1979 and Pope Benedict XVI in 2006 visited the house.
In 1820, Joseph Smith, Jr., founder of the Latter Day Saint movement, reported that the Father and the Son appeared to him in a vision in the woods near his home in rural New York. This led to a series of other manifestations through which he claimed to receive divine instruction, authority, and power to restore the true Church of Jesus Christ to the world.
In 1843 Sister Marie of St Peter, a Carmelite nun in Tours France reported visions of conversations with Jesus and the Virgin Mary in which she was urged to spread the devotion to the Holy Face of Jesus, in reparation for the many insults Jesus suffered in his Passion. This resulted in the "Golden Arrow Prayer". The devotion was further spread from Tours partly by the efforts of the Venerable Leo Dupont (also called the Apostle of the Holy Face) and influenced Saint Therese of Lisieux.
In 1858 Saint Bernadette Soubirous was a 14-year-old shepherd girl who lived near the town of Lourdes in France. One day she reported a vision of a miraculous Lady who identified Herself as the Virgin Mary in subsequent visions. In the first vision she was asked to return again and she had 18 visions overall. According to Saint Bernadette, the Lady held a string of Rosary beads and asked Saint Bernadette to drink water from the spring nearby and to request that the local priests build a chapel at that site of the visions. Eventually, a number of chapels and churches were built at Lourdes as the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes - which is now a major Catholic pilgrimage site. One of these churches, the Basilica of St. Pius X can accommodate 25 thousand people and was dedicated by the future Pope John XXIII when he was the Papal Nuncio to France.
In 1866 Venerable Marie Martha Chambon began to report visions of Jesus telling her to contemplate the Holy Wounds, although it is said that she had received her first vision when only five years old. She was a member of the "Monastery of the Visitation Order" who lived in Chambéry, France, and is in the process of canonization by the Roman Catholic Church.
In 1899 Saint Gemma Galgani reported a vision of Jesus after which she experienced recurring stigmata. She reported the vision as follows: “At that moment Jesus appeared with all his wounds open, but from these wounds there no longer came forth blood, but flames of fire. In an instant these flames came to touch my hands, my feet and my heart.” Thereafter she reported receiving the stigmata every week from Thursday night to Saturday morning, during which time she also reported further conversations with Jesus. The Congregation of Rites has so far refrained from making a decision on her stigmata.
20th Century visionairies.
The Franciscan Italian priest Saint Pio of Pietrelcina reported visions of both Jesus and Mary as early as 1910. For a number of years he claimed to have experienced deep ecstasy along with his visions. In 1918, while praying in the Church of Our Lady of Grace he reported ecstasy and visions which this time left him with permanent and visible stigmata, the five wounds of Christ. The stigmata remained visible on his hands and feet for the next fifty years.
In 1916, during World War I, Claire Ferchaud — in religion Sister Claire of Jesus Crucified — lived in the Convent of the ‘Rinfilières’ at Loublande, France. At that time, she claimed to have been given a vision of Christ himself showing his heart "slashed by the sins of mankind" and crossed by a deeper wound still, atheism. On 12 March 1920, however, a decree of the Holy Office disavowed her revelations and stated that belief in the visions of Loublande could not be approved. The Archbishop of Paris, Cardinal Léon-Adolphe Amette declared that regretfully he was unable to discover a supernatural inspiration in her statements.
The visions of the Virgin Mary appearing to three shepherd children at Fátima, Portugal, in 1917 were declared "worthy of belief" by the Catholic Church in 1930 but Catholics at large are not formally required to believe them. However, five popes — Pius XII, John XXIII, Paul VI, John Paul II and Benedict XVI — have supported the Fátima messages as supernatural. Pope John Paul II was particularly attached to Fátima and credited Our Lady of Fátima with saving his life after he was shot in Rome on the Feast Day of Our Lady of Fátima in May 1981. He donated the bullet that wounded him on that day to the Roman Catholic Sanctuary of Fátima, in Portugal. Every year on May 13 and October 13, the significant dates of Fatima apparitions, pilgrims fill the country road that leads to the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fátima with crowds that approach one million on each day.
Also Blessed Alexandrina of Balazar, in Portugal, reported many private apparitions, messages and prophecies received directly from Jesus and Virgin Mary. In June 1938, based on the request of her spiritual director Father Mariano Pinho, several bishops from Portugal wrote to Pope Pius XI, asking him to consecrate the world to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. At that time Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli (later Pope Pius XII) was the secretary of the state of the Vatican, and he later performed the consecration of the world.
The Holy See has, at times, reversed its position on some visions. In 1931 Saint Faustina Kowalska reported visions of a conversation with Jesus when she was a Polish nun. This resulted in the Chaplet of Divine Mercy as a prayer and later an institution which was condemned by the Holy See in 1958. However, further investigation resulted in her beatification in 1993 and canonization in 2000. Her conversations with Jesus are recorded in her diary, published as ""Divine Mercy in My Soul"" - passages from which are at times quoted by the Vatican. Divine Mercy Sunday is now officially celebrated as the first Sunday after Easter.
On the first Friday in Lent 1936, Sister Maria Pierina De Micheli, a nun born near Milan in Italy, reported a vision in which Jesus told her: “"I will that My Face, which reflects the intimate pains of My Spirit, the suffering and the love of My Heart, be more honored. He who meditates upon Me, consoles Me"”. Further visions reportedly urged her to make a medal with the Holy Face. In 1958, Pope Pius XII confirmed the Feast of the Holy Face of Jesus as Shrove Tuesday (the Tuesday before Ash Wednesday) for all Roman Catholics. Maria Pierina De Micheli was beatified by Benedict XVI in 2009.
From 1944 to 1947 the bed ridden Italian writer and mystic Maria Valtorta produced 15,000 handwritten pages of text that she said recorded the visions of her conversations with Jesus about his life and the early church. These pages became the basis of her book The Poem of the Man God. The Catholic Church placed it on the Index of Forbidden Books. While the Index no longer exists, the then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger stated in a letter of January 31, 1995 that the condemnation still "retains its moral force", and the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith declared that the visions "cannot be considered supernatural in origin."
Some people who are said to have received interior locutions or messages from Jesus prefer not to discuss them in detail. For instance, while the Vatican biography of Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta refers to her interior locutions and messages from Jesus, she often referred to them in terms of a “call within a call”.
Living visionaries.
Among recent visions, the reported apparitions of The Virgin Mary to six children in Međugorje in 1981 have received the widest amount of attention. The messages of Our Lady of Međugorje have a very strong following among Catholics worldwide. The Holy See has never officially either approved or disapproved of the messages of Međugorje, although both critical and supportive documents about the messages have been published by various Catholic figures.
For several decades, Sister Agnes Katsuko Sasagawa had encountered many health problems but her health reportedly improved after drinking water from Lourdes. After going totally deaf, she went to live with the nuns in the remote area of Yuzawadai, near the city of Akita. In 1973 she reported messages from the Virgin Mary, as well as stigmata. These purported visions are known as Our Lady of Akita. On April 22, 1984,after eight years of investigations, Rev. John Shojiro Ito, Bishop of Niigata, Japan, recognized "the supernatural character of a series of mysterious events concerning the statue of the Holy Mother Mary" and authorizes "throughout the entire diocese, the veneration of the Holy Mother of Akita, while awaiting that the Holy See publishes definitive judgment on this matter."
As recently as 1985 other people such as Vassula Ryden have reported conversations of theirs with Jesus in their books, resulting in interest, discussion and controversy. Ryden’s reported conversations with Jesus are published in a series of books called “True Life in God” and have been translated to over 40 languages by volunteers worldwide. In a 1995 notification the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, while recognizing some positive aspects of Ryden's activities, declared that their negative effects meant that dioceses should not provide opportunities for spreading her ideas and that Catholics should not consider her writings to be supernatural. A further letter from the Congregation written on January 25, 2007, by the new Prefect Cardinal William Levada and this time sent worldwide to all the Catholic episcopal conferences, confirmed the 1995 negative doctrinal evaluation of the writings of which it spoke; stated that, in view of the clarifications offered, a case by case judgement should be passed on the possibility for Catholics to read her writings "presented not as divine revelations but rather as her personal meditations"; and declared it inappropriate for Catholics to participate in her prayer groups.
In the book Visions of Jesus Phillip Wiebe chronicled the stories of 30 people from truly diverse backgrounds who claim to have had recent conversations with Jesus. Wiebe analyzed these claims from multiple perspectives, including hallucinations, dreams and real visions.
Types of visions.
Visions vs dictations.
Some visionaries merely report conversations and images while others also produce large amounts of handwritten notes. Saint Julian of Norwich wrote a book based on her reported visions, the book was written twenty years after her first vision and she did not declare it to be a dictation. At the other end of the spectrum is the case of Blessed Anne Catherine Emmerich who narrated her messages to Klemens Brentano, who transcribed them in his own words. Another case was that of Sister Consolata Betrone who would repeat her reported conversations with Jesus to her confessor Father Lorenzo Sales. After her death, Father Sales wrote the book "Jesus Appeals to the World" based on her reported messages.
Visions should also be differentiated from interior locutions in which inner voices are reported, but no visual or physical contact is claimed. For instance, the messages written by Father Stefano Gobbi for the Marian Movement of Priests are reported as interior locutions rather than visions. The same happened with the messages received by Mother Carmela Carabelli.
There have been other mystics who have produced large volumes of text, but considered them meditations rather than visions or interior locutions. For instance, the Venerable Concepcion Cabrera de Armida's over 60,000 pages of text were never represented as visions, but as her own meditations, often in the presence of the Blessed Sacrament, during Eucharistic Adoration.
Physical marks.
Some visionaries report receiving physical signs on their bodies as they experience visions. Saint Francis of Assisi was one of the first reported cases of stigmata, but the best known recent example is a Capuchin, Saint Padre Pio, one of several Franciscans in history with reported stigmata.
Physical contact.
Some visionaries have reported physical contact with Jesus. The Bible suggests that post-resurrection (yet pre-ascension) physical contact with Jesus is possible, for in John 21:17 Jesus told Saint Mary Magdalene: ”"Don’t touch Me for I have not yet ascended to the Father"”. In John 20:27 Jesus ordered Saint Thomas the Apostle: “"Put your hand into My side"”. But the Bible does not mention if Saint Thomas followed that command. Saint Marguerite Marie Alacoque reported putting her head on the heart of Jesus.
Physical artifacts.
Some visionaries produce artifacts based on their reported visions, although this is rare. A well-known example is the image of Our Lady of Guadalupe which is reported to have been miraculously imprinted on the cloak of Saint Juan Diego.
Unreported visions.
Some visions remain partially reported, or unreported. For instance, Saint Juliana of Liege kept her reported visions of Christ a secret for almost 20 years and then revealed some of them to her confessor. Years later, her visions were the subject of the papal bull "Transiturus de hoc mundo" which established the feast of Corpus Christi. However, in the meantime, due to a conflict with a local church official, she was driven out of Liege and lived in seclusion at Fosses-la-Ville until she died. On her deathbed she asked for her confessor, supposedly to reveal to him some secrets regarding her visions. But neither he nor any of her friends from Liege arrived and other secrets regarding her visions remain unknown.
Similar and interlinked visions.
The case of Saint Juan Diego's vision in 1531 is somewhat similar to the case of Saint Bernadette Soubirous's vision in 1858. Both saints reported a miraculous Lady on a hill who asked them to request that the local priests build a chapel at the site of the vision. Both visions included a reference to roses and led to large churches being built at the sites. Like Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico, Our Lady of Lourdes is a major Catholic symbol in France.

</doc>
<doc id="9747975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747975" title="Malek Tomb">
Malek Tomb

Malek Tomb is a tower-like, octagonal, probably Ilkhanid tomb located on a hill in the center of Sonqor Town in Kermanshah Province, Iran. The top part is built out of brick; the basement is made of hewn stone.
References.
Website of CHHTO of Kermanshah[http://www.kermanshahmiras.ir/la_site/Preview.asp?categoryid=11&code=5435]

</doc>
<doc id="9747987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9747987" title="Edward River Airport">
Edward River Airport

Edward River Airport is an airport in Pormpuraaw, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9748025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748025" title="KTHU">
KTHU

KTHU is a commercial radio station located in Corning, California, broadcasting to the entire Sacramento Valley and surrounding areas on 100.7 FM. KTHU airs a classic rock music format branded as "Thunder 100.7".

</doc>
<doc id="9748061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748061" title="Anjana Appachana">
Anjana Appachana

Anjana Appachana is a novelist of Indian origin who lives in the United States. She has written a book of short stories titled "Incantations" and a novel titled "Listening Now".
Early life and education.
Anjana Appachana was born in India of Coorg (Karnataka) origin and educated at Scindia Kanya Vidyalaya, Gwalior, Delhi University, Jawaharlal Nehru University and Pennsylvania State University.
Career.
Her first book "Incantations and Other Stories" was published in England by Virago in 1991 and in the US by Rutgers University Press in 1992. The book was reissued in India by Penguin in 2006. The stories in it are set in the early eighties in India. One of her short stories titled "Sharmaji" was included in "Mirrorwork: Fifty Years of Indian Writing", a collection edited by Salman Rushdie and Elizabeth West. 
Appachana received the O. Henry Festival Prize and a creative writing fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in the US. Her first novel and second book is titled "Listening Now", and was published by Random House in 1997. In it, six women tell the story of two lovers, Padma and Karan, spanning sixteen years. The novel is set in Bangalore, Delhi and Lucknow.
Speaking about the perception of women writing in India, she has said "Writing is not deemed legitimate work by anyone. They assume that it can be put aside for anything and everything -- for housework, for house guests, for cooking... Now tell me, how many people who work outside the house do you know who would take time off from their work to cook a meal or do groceries or laundry or look after house guests? None, right?...That's because they work outside the house and because they have a regular income which apparently legitimizes their work." In the same interview, Appachana adds that a writer's life is comparatively more comfortable in America than in India. 
She lives in Tempe, Arizona, and has a young daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9748067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748067" title="Koichi Hagiuda">
Koichi Hagiuda

Koichi Hagiuda (萩生田光一 "Hagiuda Kouichi", born August 31, 1963) is a Japanese politician, currently representing the 24th district (Hachiōji) of Tokyo in the House of Representatives of Japan as a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He currently heads the Youth Division of the LDP.
Born and raised in Hachiōji, Hagiuda graduated from Waseda Jitsugyo High School, and Meiji University with a degree in commerce.
While still a university student, Hagiuda began working as an aide to Ryuichi Kurosu, the current mayor of Hachiōji. In 1991, at the age of 27, he won a seat in the Hachiōji City Assembly, becoming the youngest candidate ever to do so. He then ran successfully for a seat in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly in 2002, serving part of one term. In 2004, he ran for a seat in the House of Representatives of Japan, which he won. Hagiuda then won re-election in the 2005 general election by a large margin.
Hagiuda is known as a conservative within the LDP, and is closely allied with former prime ministers Shinzo Abe and Yoshiro Mori. He belongs to the Machimura Faction (formerly the Mori Faction) of the LDP.
Personal.
Hagiuda is married, and has one daughter and one son. His hobbies include sports such as baseball, rugby, and golf. He also enjoys watching movies, holding a movie-viewing event annually in conjunction with his personal support group, or "koenkai". His personal website also lists "eating while walking" as a hobby, calling him a "self-proclaimed gourmet", and also mentions his frequent enjoyment of after-meal ramen.

</doc>
<doc id="9748084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748084" title="Stuart Struever">
Stuart Struever

Stuart McKee Struever (born 1931) is an American archaeologist and anthropologist best known for his contributions to the archaeology of the Woodland Period in the US midwest and for his leadership of archaeology research & education foundations. He was a professor of anthropology at Northwestern University.
Early life and education.
Struever was born in Lima, Illinois on August 4, 1931, the son of manager of the American Nickeloid Company. He attended Dartmouth College, majoring in English and graduating in 1959. His graduate work was done at the University of Chicago, where he pursued his interests in the Hopewell Tradition of the Middle Woodland period in the American midwest. He was a well-published researcher before he earned his PhD in 1968 under the supervision of Lewis Binford.
Career.
After completing his doctorate at the University of Chicago, Struever joined the Dept. of Anthropology at Northwestern University where he taught for most of his career and served as chairman for many years. Into the early 1970s he continued to be an active researcher, publishing on topics including settlement pattern, early agriculture, and trade. By the mid-1970s he had begun to focus mainly on leadership of the Center for Illinois Archeology (later renamed the Center for American Archeology or CAA), headquartered in Kampsville, Illinois. (This center used the "archeology" spelling although the conventional spelling is "archaeology.") The CAA grew rapidly throughout the 1970s, converting many buildings in Kampsville into archaeology laboratories and offices.
With the CAA Struever developed the model of using archaeological education to generate funding to support a large multi-disciplinary archaeology research center. Education was provided mainly through numerous field schools, including a university-level field school operated in conjunction with Northwestern University and programs for high-schoolers and adults. The profile of the foundation was raised enormously with its large-scale excavation at the Koster Site in Greene County, Illinois. Initial research at this site was focused on Woodland period remains near the surface, but test pits encountered fourteen cultural levels or "horizons", dating back to the early Archaic period. Beginning in 1968, excavations at Koster expanded into one of the largest archaeological projects in the country by the mid-1970s. Several hundred college students worked at the site. It was featured in various national magazines and documentaries before excavations ended in 1979.
In the 1980s Struever retired from Northwestern and the CAA and moved to Colorado, becoming president of the Crow Canyon Archaeological Center in Cortez. He retired from this institution in 1992, and remained in Colorado.
After a lifetime of accomplishments, Struever received a Distinguished Service Award in 1995, followed by a Presidential Recognition Award in 2003, from the Society for American Archaeology.
Dr. Struever currently resides in Santa Fe with his wife, Indian art dealer and scholar, Martha Hopkins Struever.
Contributions.
Struever is best known for accomplishments in three areas:
Struever was a graduate student in the Dept. of Anthropology at University of Chicago when a sea change was occurring in anthropological archaeology; in a movement that came to be called the New Archaeology, the prevailing concern with prehistoric culture history was being replaced with more theoretical concerns about ancient societies (Willey and Sabloff 1974). The New Archaeology was spearheaded by Lewis Binford, who was Struever's dissertation advisor. Struever was an active and innovative contributor to this body of research, with publications such as "Woodland subsistence-settlement systems in the lower Illinois Valley" (Struever 1968a).
Struever excavated several Woodland period sites in the Lower Illinois Valley and wrote extensively on this period in prehistory. His topics included culture history (Struever 1965), ancient agriculture (Struever and Vickery 1973), and methods of recovering small scale remains through flotation (Struever 1968b),
Struever realized that the more intellectually ambitious questions being asked by the New Archaeology could not be answered without much broader and richer data on ancient life than archaeologists usually collected, including analyses of ancient plant and animal use, soils, and climate. He made this case in an important 1971 article (Struever 1971), and at the same time he was actively working to build the Center for Illinois Archeology into the sort of large-scale multi-disciplinary research program that he had advocated. Struever had in effect given up his career as a researcher within a few years, in order to devote his time to directing the CIA and later the Crow Canyon Archaeological Center. These centers both generated funding through field schools and a range of other educational programs.
A charismatic personality, Struever was an accomplished fund-raiser and spokesman for American archaeology during the 1970s and 1980s; he appeared in national media, wrote widely read books for the public (Struever and Holton 1979) and produced documentaries (Struever 1970).

</doc>
<doc id="9748094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748094" title="Czarna dziewczyna">
Czarna dziewczyna

"Czarna dziewczyna" ("Black/African girl") was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in Polish and Russian by Ivan & Delfin.
Musically, the song is inspired by the folk music of Eastern Europe. Lead singer Ivan Komarenko sings of his love for a black-haired girl, implied to have gypsy ancestry, and calls for his horses to unite them rapidly. The remainder of the group join in at this point.
As Poland had not finished the 2004 Contest in the top 10, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed 25th (last), following Denmark's Jakob Sveistrup with "Talking to You". At the close of voting, it had received 81 points, placing 11th in a field of 25 - missing out on qualification by one place and requiring Poland to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2006 contest by Ich Troje & The Real McCoy with "Follow My Heart".

</doc>
<doc id="9748099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748099" title="C. Y. Chintamani">
C. Y. Chintamani

Sir Chirravoori Yajneswara Chintamani (10 April 1880 – 1 July 1941) was an Indian editor, journalist, liberal politician and parliamentarian of the early 20th century. He was born on the Telugu new year's day (ugadi) at Vizianagaram, Andhra Pradesh, India. He was called the "Pope of Indian Journalism" by noted Indian statesman Sri V. S. Srinivasa Sastri.
He made history at the age of 18 by becoming the editor of the newspaper "Vizag Spectator." He also organized "Indian Herald" and "Standard."
He made a great impact as Chief editor of the Allahabad-based, "The Leader" between 1909 and 1934. His clash with Motilal Nehru, Chairman of the Board of Directors over issue of his freedom as editor, meant that Motilal left within a year, thereafter between 1927 and 1936, Chintamani was not only the Chief Editor of the newspaper, but also the leader of the opposition in the U. P. Legislative Council.
'The liberals' are those people who broke away from the Indian National Congress for they were not prepared to participate in the Non-Cooperation Movement. This core value guided him and his comrades who formed the Liberal Party.
He did great service as Education Minister of Uttar Pradesh. He was invited as a special guest to attend the First Round Table Conference at London in 1930-1931.
Mahatma Gandhi and the British administrators and the Indian People were greatly inspired by his editorials. He was knighted in the 1939 Birthday Honours list; his knighthood was formally conferred by George VI on 20 September.

</doc>
<doc id="9748102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748102" title="Raúl Alfredo Cascini">
Raúl Alfredo Cascini

Raúl Alfredo Cascini (born April 7, 1971 in San Fernando, Argentina), is a retired Argentine football midfielder, who also has Italian nationality. His first club was Platense and has also played for Estudiantes de La Plata, Independiente and Boca Juniors. 
At Boca, Cascini played a total of 113 matches and 2 goals in all competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9748115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748115" title="CD33">
CD33

CD33 or Siglec-3 is a transmembrane receptor expressed on cells of myeloid lineage. It is usually considered myeloid-specific, but it can also be found on some lymphoid cells.
It binds sialic acids, therefore is a member of the SIGLEC family of lectins. 
Structure.
The extracellular portion of this receptor contains two immunoglobulin domains (one IgV and one IgC2 domain), placing CD33 within the immunoglobulin superfamily. The intracellular portion of CD33 contains immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motifs (ITIMs) that are implicated in inhibition of cellular activity.
Clinical significance.
CD33 was the target of gemtuzumab ozogamicin, a monoclonal antibody-based treatment for acute myeloid leukemia, (treatment voluntarily withdrawn from the market in 2010). However, Anti-CD33 monoclonal antibodies are extensively used for the diagnosis of all types of AMLs. 

</doc>
<doc id="9748121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748121" title="Elcho Island Airport">
Elcho Island Airport

Elcho Island Airport is an airport on Elcho Island, Northern Territory, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9748130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748130" title="Pierre Delbet">
Pierre Delbet

Pierre Delbet (15 November 1861 – 17 July 1957) was a French surgeon born in La Ferté-Gaucher. 
In 1889 he received his medical doctorate, and in 1909 became a professor of clinical surgery in Paris. In 1921 he became a member of the "Académie de Médecine". 
Delbet is remembered for his advocacy of magnesium chloride. During World War I, Delbet was searching for a solution that could cleanse wounds but not damage tissue as traditional antiseptics did. In 1915 he found that magnesium chloride not only worked as an antiseptic, but was also harmless to body tissue. Serendipitously, he discovered that when the magnesium chloride solution was taken orally or intravenously, it appeared to be a remedy for other ailments. Delbet also believed that magnesium was beneficial to the efficiency of white blood cells, of which he described in his treatise ""Politique Préventive du Cancer"".
With Jean-François-Auguste Le Dentu (1841-1926) and others, he was co-publisher of the multi-volume "Traité de chirurgie clinique et opératoire" (1901 et seq.). 

</doc>
<doc id="9748140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748140" title="Manja (magazine)">
Manja (magazine)

Manja, ("pampered" in English) is a Malay-language entertainment and lifestyle magazine that is published monthly in Singapore by MediaCorp. It was launched in conjunction with Singapore's first Malay channel, Suria on 30 January 2000 to complement each other thru the different media platform.
Awards.
ASIA Media Awards 2005 for Best in Design (Gold Award).

</doc>
<doc id="9748144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748144" title="Treaty of Tudilén">
Treaty of Tudilén

The Treaty of Tudilén (or Treaty of Tudején) was signed between Alfonso VII of León and Castile and Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona in 1151 at Tudilén, near Aguas Caldas in Navarre, modern Baños de Fitero, then just Fitero. The pact recognised the Aragonese conquests south of the Júcar and the right to expand in and annex the kingdom of Murcia, save the castles of Lorca and Vera. The treaty was superseded by the Treaty of Cazola in 1179. 

</doc>
<doc id="9748160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748160" title="100 Pine Center">
100 Pine Center

100 Pine Center is a class-A office building at the northwest corner of Pine Street and Front Street in San Francisco's Financial District. The building is with 33 floors, and of rentable office space, a 150-car garage including 30 valet parking spaces.
Completed in 1972 as headquarters of the Continental Insurance Company, the building is among the earlier of San Francisco's modern skyscrapers. By the start of the dot-com bubble the property, then owned by Grosvenor Properties, was outdated and suffered from deferred capital maintenance. In 1997 it was purchased by Walton Capital, which invested heavily in upgrades, re-measured the building at larger than before, then aggressively re-leased space at higher rates. After two failed transactions, Walton Capital sold the building to investors led by Unico Properties in May, 2000 for US$156 million. Unico re-sold the property to the Alaska Permanent Fund based on a US$149 million price in August, 2005, but retained a minority ownership share.
Tenants.
The tower houses many daytime office workers. Major tenants include the New York Life Insurance Company. As of 2007 it is tied with 45 Fremont Center as the twenty-third tallest building in San Francisco. It was certified as being operated and maintained as a green building under the US Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for Existing Buildings (LEED EB 2.0) standards in July 2008.
The Consulate-General of Ireland is in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9748180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748180" title="Iowa Energy">
Iowa Energy

The Iowa Energy are an American professional basketball team based in Des Moines, Iowa. They play in the Eastern Conference in the NBA Development League (NBA D-League), a minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Energy play their home games at the Wells Fargo Arena. They broke the D-league attendance record on their first ever home game with 8,842 fans. The record was later broken again by the Energy in Game 2 of the 2011 D-League Finals with an attendance of 14,036 fans. The Energy won the 2011 D-League Finals, having defeated the Rio Grande Valley Vipers two games to one.
History.
Formation.
On February 27, 2007, the D-League awarded an expansion team to Des Moines, Iowa as one of the four expansion teams for the 2007–08 season. The team is owned and operated by Iowa Basketball, LLC, a local ownership group led by attorney Jerry Crawford and also including Gary Kirke, Sheldon Ohringer, Paul Drey, Michael Richards and Bruce Rastetter. The team would play their home games at the Wells Fargo Arena, parts of the Iowa Events Center. The team later hired former Northern Iowa player Nick Nurse as the team's first head coach.
The team initially held a naming contest for the team. The choices listed on their website were "Corncobs", "Maize", "River Rats", "Scarecrows," and "Thoroughbreds". However, on June 29, 2007, the owners announced the name Iowa Energy, along with team colors and logos. The team logo is an orange basketball above the word "energy" and the team colors are purple, orange and red. Two NBA teams, the Chicago Bulls and the Miami Heat, were announced as the team's NBA affiliates.
2007–08 season.
The Energy began to construct their roster by participating in the 2007 D-League Expansion Draft on September 5, 2007, and the 2007 D-League Draft on November 1, 2007. On November 23, 2007, the Energy played their first ever game in the D-League. They defeated the defending champion Dakota Wizards 101–99 to record the team's first ever win. Their inaugural home game at the Wells Fargo Center was played on November 26, 2007. The Energy defeated the Albuquerque Thunderbirds 101–98 in front of a league-record attendance of 8,842. The Energy finished the season third in the Central Division with 22 wins and 28 losses. The record was only the tenth best record in the league and therefore the Energy failed to qualify for the playoffs.
2008–09 season.
Before the 2008–09 season, the league announced that the Energy would be affiliated with the Bulls and the Phoenix Suns. The Suns, who was previously affiliated with the Albuquerque Thunderbirds, replaced the Heat, which would be affiliated with the Thunderbirds. The Energy improved their performance and finished the season with the best record in the Central Division with 28 wins and 22 losses. They were seeded third for the playoffs and were paired with the Dakota Wizards in the First Round. However, they were defeated by the Wizards at home with a 109–114 loss.
Energy center Courtney Sims, who averaged 22.8 points and 11.0 rebounds per game, won the D-League Most Valuable Player Award. He also earned multiple call-ups to the NBA, signing a pair of 10-day contracts with the Phoenix Suns and the New York Knicks. Guard Othyus Jeffers, who was selected in the third round of the 2008 D-League Draft by the Energy, was named as the Rookie of the Year Award. Sims was named in the All-NBA D-League First Team while Energy first-round draftee Cartier Martin was named in the All-NBA D-League Third Team. Both Sims and Martin received call-ups to the NBA and were forced to miss the Energy's playoff games.
2009–10 season.
The Energy was reassigned to the Eastern Conference for the 2009–10 season as the league realigned itself to two conferences. Despite losing former MVP Courtney Sims to overseas team, the Energy improved their regular season record. They won the Eastern Conference with 37 wins, which was also the best record in the league. As one of the top three seeds, the Energy has the rights to choose their opponents in the first round of the playoffs. They chose to face the seventh seed Utah Flash of the Western Conference. They lost the first game of the series before they bounced back with two straight wins to advance to the semifinals. In the semifinals, the Energy faced the eighth seed Tulsa 66ers, who eliminated the Sioux Falls Skyforce in the first round. The Energy defeated the 66ers 107–102 in the first game at Tulsa. However, the 66ers won the second game at Des Moines to even the series. In the decisive Game 3, the Energy lost 122–127 at home and was eliminated from the playoffs.
With the absence of Sims and Othyus Jeffers, who played overseas before returning to the Energy in January, point guard Curtis Stinson and forward Cartier Martin became the team's top performers. Stinson, who was initially drafted by the Energy in the fourth round of the 2007 D-League Expansion Draft, averaged 15.2 points, 10.9 assists and 5.6 rebounds per game and was named in the All-NBA D-League First Team. Martin, who was also named in the All-NBA D-League First Team, averaged 17.3 points per game and received call-ups to the Golden State Warriors and the Washington Wizards. Three Energy players, Martin, Jeffers and center Earl Barron, received call-ups to the NBA for the remainder of the season and were forced to miss the Energy's playoff games.
2010–11 season.
Courtney Sims, Othyus Jeffers and Curtis Stinson all returned to the Energy roster for the 2010–11 season. The team also retained Nick Nurse as head coach after he briefly accepted a coaching position at Iowa State. The Energy matched their previous season performance by recording 37 wins and clinched the first seed again. The Energy once again had the rights to choose their opponents in the first round of the playoffs. They chose seventh seed Utah Flash, who was defeated by the Energy in the first round of last year playoffs. The Energy and the Flash each won one road game each before the Energy won the decisive Game 3 at home to advance to the semifinal. In the semifinals, the Energy faced the Tulsa 66ers who eliminated them in last year's playoffs. The Energy recorded two straight win and won the series 2–0 to advance to the D-League Finals.
The Energy's opponent in the finals is the third seed Rio Grande Valley Vipers who defeated the second seed Reno Bighorns in the semifinals. The Energy, led by Curtis Stinson's triple-double, won the first game 123–106 at Hidalgo. Stinson scored 29 points along with 10 rebounds and 10 assists, while five other Energy players scored in double figures. The Vipers won the second game 141–122 despite Stinson's second straight triple-double. That second game at Wells Fargo Arena was attended by a new league-record attendance of 14,036 fans. In the decisive Game 3, Stinson suffered an injury that limited his playing time. The Energy was trailing the Vipers by seven points after three quarters, but they managed to outscore the Vipers 38–23 in the fourth quarter to clinch the D-League championship. Guard Stefhon Hannah led the Energy with 31 points, while five other Energy players scored in double figures.
Stinson, who averaged 19.3 points, 9.8 assists and 5.7 rebounds per game, was named as the D-League Most Valuable Player Award. Stinson and former Rookie of the Year Othyus Jeffers were named in the All-NBA D-League Team. Two Energy stars, Jeffers and former MVP Courtney Sims, both missed the Energy's playoff games. Jeffers received a call-up to the Washington Wizards and signed a contract for the remainder of the season, while Sims left the team to play in China.
2011–12 season.
Before the 2011–12 season, the league announced that the Energy would be affiliated with three teams, the Bulls, the New Orleans Hornets and the Washington Wizards. The Energy ended their three years affiliation with the Suns as the Bakersfield Jam was announced to be the Suns' new affiliate. On July 15, 2011, head coach Nick Nurse left the Energy and was hired by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers to be their new head coach. The Energy later named former Utah Flash head coach Kevin Young as the team's new head coach. Kevin Young was fired on January 21, 2013, and was replaced on an interim basis by Bruce Wilson. 
On January 9, 2012, reigning MVP Curtis Stinson returned to the Energy after playing overseas in the Philippines and Slovenia.
At the end of the 2011–12 season, Iowa had the 5th seed in the playoffs with a 25-25 record. There season ended quickly with a 2-0 sweep by the Los Angeles D-Fenders in the first round of the post season.
2012–present.
On July 17, 2012, it was announced that the Energy would serve as the Denver Nuggets' affiliate in addition to the existing affiliations with the Bulls, Hornets, and Wizards for the 2012–13 season.
The Minnesota Timberwolves were added as an affiliate for the 2013–14 season.
On August 22, 2013, the Iowa Energy named Nate Bjorkgren as the franchise’s new head coach for the 2013–14 season. Led by Othyus Jeffers, who was co-Most Valuable Player of the season along with Ron Howard, the Energy won its fourth consecutive Central Division title, but fell to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants in the playoffs.
On May 6, 2014, it was announced that the Iowa Energy would be entering a hybrid single affiliation deal with the Memphis Grizzlies. The teams color scheme would shift towards that of the Grizzlies.
Players.
NBA call-ups.
A call-up occurs when a player is signed by an NBA team. A D-League player is usually signed to a 10-day contracts, a short term contract which lasted ten days and are available to be used starting January 5. A player can only sign two 10-day contracts with the same team in one season. If the team want to retain the player after the second 10-day contract expired, the team has to sign the player for the remainder of the season.
Note
NBA assignments.
An NBA team can assign rookies or second year players to its affiliated D-League team. A player can be assigned to the Development League only three times in a season.
Note
NBA affiliates.
Current affiliate.
Memphis Grizzlies (2014-present)

</doc>
<doc id="9748185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748185" title="Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde">
Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde

Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde (litterally translated "Forges and dockyards of the Gironde") was a French shipbuilder at Lormont near Bordeaux on the Gironde estuary. The company was previously called "Usine de construction navale Chaigneau et Bichon", then "Chantiers et Ateliers de la Gironde S.A. Ets Schneider", before becoming "Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde". It is today the "Construction Navale de Bordeaux" (CNB).
Ships.
The company built naval ships. Its products included the Ottoman Navy "Lûtf-i Celîl" class corvettes "Lûtf-i Celîl" and "Hıfz-ı Rahmân" (1869), (1886) and Ottoman "Samsun" class destroyers "Basra", "Samsun", "Taşoz" and "Yarhisar" (all 1907). For the French Navy its ships included the First World War sloop "Dédaigneuse" (1916), s "Bougainville" (1931) and "Rigault de Genouilly" (1932) and the (1933).
In June 1939 the yard had launched another "Bougainville" class aviso, the "Beautemps Beaupré". At the Fall of France she was still being completed at the yard so on 24 June 1940 the French took her out into the Gironde and scuttled her to prevent her from being captured. Another "Bougainville" class aviso, "La Pérouse", was on order at the time but was cancelled.
On 11 November 1939 the French government ordered twelve s including three from Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde. After the Fall of France the company abandoned construction of two of these, "La Rieuse" and "La Sérieuse", and suspended work on the third, which had been intended to be "La Preneuse". Work on her resumed after 1945 and her intended name was changed to "Commandant Ducuing" in 1946. However, construction was finally abandoned in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="9748189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748189" title="Bleubird">
Bleubird

Jacques Bruna (born 1982), better known by his stage name Bleubird is an American rapper originally from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He is known for his rapid-fire delivery, comic relief, lyrical wit and freestyle ability.
Basing most of his career out of Orlando, he toured relentlessly throughout North America and Europe playing shows with Grand Buffet, Deerhoof, Sixtoo, Sole, Shape Shifters, Solillaquists of Sound and others.
Bleubird has had production help from artists such as Alias, Astronautalis and Radical Face.
Discography.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9748204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748204" title="Emerald Airport">
Emerald Airport

Emerald Airport is an airport serving Emerald, a town located in the Central Highlands district of Queensland, Australia. It is located south of the Emerald town centre, on Springsure Road. The airport is operated by the Central Highlands Regional Council.
Emerald Airport is currently serviced by QantasLink Dash 8 Q400's flying an average of five flights per day on weekdays, and three flights per day on weekends. As of 4 June 2012, QantasLink introduced their Fokker 100 fleet operated by Alliance Airlines to Emerald. This added four extra flights between Emerald and Brisbane giving the total number of return flights to Brisbane to 45 per week.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two runways: 06/24 with an asphalt surface measuring and 15/33 with a gravel surface measuring .
Emerald Airport recently spent $7.7 million extending the terminal and refurbishing the old terminal. This was complete in the last quarter of 2010.
During this refurbishment, a new flight information system was created which is now displayed throughout the airport and online.
Airlines and destinations.
Virgin Australia.
Emerald Airport was one of more than 21 regional Australian airports assessed by Virgin Australia for its viability. If it were to service the airport it would be using Embraer E-Jets to service the route to/from Brisbane as neither the airport nor the town is big enough to handle the larger Boeing 737 aircraft commonly used by the airline. As of January 2010, no formal announcement had been made regarding the date of commencement of these services. However, in January 2010, the airline stated that it was looking to commence services to either Emerald, Gladstone or Bundaberg. Commencement of services to any of these three airports would break the monopoly that QantasLink currently holds on services. Of the three potential destinations, Emerald has the smallest population and Civil Aviation Safety Authority approval would also be required for services, as the runway is not wide enough to handle the Embraer 170 or Embraer 190.
On 4 October 2011, Virgin Australia and Skywest Airlines announced that, from 16 January 2012, double-daily 68-seat ATR-72 services would be operating on weekdays between Emerald and Brisbane to "bring choice and competitive fares for travel to and from this important mining hub". Passengers will receive a refreshment onboard this service, and it is expected that a Virgin Australia "Lounge" facility may open within the terminal, in order to further compete with the recently opened Qantas Regional Lounge within the terminal. Virgin Australia Regional Airlines now offers up to 4 return services a day to Brisbane.
Statistics.
Emerald Airport was ranked 37th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9748207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748207" title="Binbot">
Binbot

Binbot is a newsreader for downloading binary content from Usenet. It is available for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.

</doc>
<doc id="9748214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748214" title="Francisco Santos Calderón">
Francisco Santos Calderón

Francisco Santos Calderón also known as Pacho Santos born 14 August 1961 in the city of Bogotá, is a Colombian politician and journalist. Santos was elected as Álvaro Uribe's second runner up and became Vice President in the Colombian elections of 2002. Santos was re-elected in the presidential elections of 2006 for a second term once again with President Uribe to continue as Vice President of Colombia. His great-uncle Eduardo Santos was President of Colombia from 1938 to 1942 and the current president of Colombia (Juan Manuel Santos) is his cousin.
Biography.
Education.
Santos, like his cousin, President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos, is a graduate of the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas, USA. He also graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and attended Harvard University.
Kidnapping.
In 1990 the Medellín Cartel led by Pablo Escobar kidnapped him to pressure the Colombian government to revert its support of druglords' extraditions to the United States.
Human rights advocate.
Upon his return, Santos became an advocate of human rights in Colombia, especially those of victims affected by kidnapping after he himself suffered from this practice. He created the NGO Fundación Pais Libre (Free Country Foundation) with the intentions of advancing awareness and helping the victims and their families. However, he has been criticized due to polemic declarations that support repression against students involved in protests.
Plan Colombia.
2007 in an interview for the film documentary The War on Drugs Santos defends Plan Colombia and the use of aerial fumigation as a tool for Coca eradication in Colombia.
Shared Responsibility.
Since 2008, Santos has spoken as part of the Shared Responsibility campaign to raise public awareness of cocaine production's impacts on Colombia's forest biodiversity, including deforestation and chemical contamination. The campaign links cocaine use to environmental destruction.
Polemic Declarations.
In November 2011, after a demonstration of students against the privatization of public education, he as director of one of the important news agencies in Colombia declared in his video blog that participating students should be controlled with electroshock tasers. It was a polemic declaration since students were defending the basic right to education and the repressive option of Francisco Santos was taken by the citizens as anti-democratic.

</doc>
<doc id="9748221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748221" title="45 Fremont Street">
45 Fremont Street

45 Fremont Street is a 34-story, office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco, California between Market Street and Mission Street. Completed in 1978, the tower is often referenced as the Bechtel Building because of the spill over of offices from the Bechtel Corporation world headquarters across the street at 50 Beale Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9748224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748224" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tulancingo">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tulancingo

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tulancingo () is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Mexico. The Archdiocese comprises the province of Hidalgo, and the archepiscopal see is located in the Mexican city of Tulancingo
As a Metropolitan Archdiocese, it is responsible for the suffragan dioceses of Huejutla and Tula. It was elevated as Archdiocese on November 25, 2005.
The current archbishop is Domingo Díaz Martínez, who was appointed in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9748273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748273" title="Cascade Canyon Barn">
Cascade Canyon Barn

The Cascade Canyon Barn was designed by the National Park Service to standard plans and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935. The National Park Service rustic style barn is 5 miles (8 km) west of Jenny Lake in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. 
The rustic log cabin features saddle-notched log corners on a stone foundation. The foundation is buttressed at the corners to support the projecting log ends, a feature typical of Park Service designs of the era. The original wide barn door has been filled in with windows and a personnel door. The interior consists of a large main room with a small tack room in the southwest corner, now used for tool storage. The partition uses vertical poles faced with 4-1/2: wide tongue and groove planks. The room is furnished with built-in cupboards and a wood-burning cookstove. A loft is framed with logs and 8" rough-cut decking, reached by a milled-lumber stairway. The loft deck is covered with 6" wide flooring planks. The roof structure is open to the underside of the roof, with exposed log trusses. 
Positioned deep in Cascade Canyon, the cabin was originally used as a barn, but after an avalanche destroyed the Cascade Canyon patrol cabin in 1960, the barn was converted to a patrol cabin. It shares a common design and purpose with the Death Canyon Barn to the south in the park, with minor differences attributable to available materials and the preferences of the work crews building the barns. Crews from either CCC Hot Springs camp NP3 or Jenny Lake Camp NP 4 built the barn. On August 18, 1998, the barn was listed on the National Register of Historical Places.

</doc>
<doc id="9748284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748284" title="Esperance Airport">
Esperance Airport

Esperance Airport is an airport in Esperance, Western Australia. The airport is northweast of the city, near the locality of Gibson.

</doc>
<doc id="9748315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748315" title="Quigo">
Quigo

Quigo Technologies, Inc. was a privately owned search engine marketing company headquartered in New York City. Founded in Israel in 2000 by Yaron Galai and Oded Itzhak, it developed proprietary search solutions for the online contextual advertising it offered through its two products: AdSonar and FeedPoint. 
Since 2005 it had steadily been gaining a market share of the $2 billion contextual advertising market controlled by Google AdSense and Yahoo!. With its transparent and client-controlled business process, "its growing success has apparently persuaded Google that it has to change the way it sells the sponsored link ads in the future."
Quigo was acquired by AOL in December 2007 for $363M. Quigo now operates under the name of Advertising.com Sponsored Listings.

</doc>
<doc id="9748323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748323" title="Wainui">
Wainui

Wainui is a locality in the Rodney Ward of the Auckland Region of New Zealand. Wainui is approximately 5.5 kilometres north-east of Waitoki and 10 km west of Orewa. The Wainui Stream flows south-west through the area, and exits into the Kaukapakapa River.
History.
Wainui is an old established area which saw people with English, Scottish and Irish roots settle around 1850.
Among the first settlers were two farmers, Hutson and Thick followed by King, Lloyd and Jacobs. About
1860 the Lambert, Lamont, Fennell and Scott families started to clear further land for cultivation. When these settlers arrived Wainui
consisted of teatree and fern with fairly extensive areas in virgin bush including magnificent kauris. The two
main means of livelihood open to the settlers at that time were timber and gumdigging.
Education.
Wainui School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 10 and a roll of 225. The school opened in 1879 and celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2004.
As early as the 1860’s formal schooling was conducted, not in a schoolroom, but in the teacher’s own home.
In 1870 the local Presbytarian church was built which is depicted on the Wainui School logo. By 1878 the
need for a school was obvious so the schoolhouse was built, then the first classroom opened its door at the
beginning of 1879 but the head teacher had to be shared with another school (Locknorrie) so schooling only
lasted until lunchtime. It wasn’t until 1912 that Wainui became a full time school with a roll of 20 pupils. At
this time there was no transport to the nearest high school so pupils stayed on until they were 15 years of age.
By 1946 another classroom was required as the roll had risen to 60 pupils and with more farms being
developed in the area this was to be a continuing theme.
In 1969, the original old school room had become redundant as new classrooms were built. This building
was removed from the school grounds. The original school room is now part of the Museum of Transport and Technology in Auckland.
Over the proceeding years the roll has continued to grow and with more farms being sub-divided this will be
a continuing trend. By the beginning of the new millennium the school had reached 200. While traditionally
a farming area, the make-up of the area has changed somewhat. Most of the contributing families are now
small holding “life-style block” owners, working in the local area, the North Shore or Auckland city.

</doc>
<doc id="9748335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748335" title="Delcam">
Delcam

Delcam is a supplier of advanced CAD/CAM software for the manufacturing industry. The company has grown steadily since being founded formally in 1977, after initial development work at Cambridge University, UK. It is now a global developer of product design and manufacturing software, with subsidiaries and joint ventures in North America, South America, Europe and Asia with a total staff of over 800 people and local support provided from over 300 re-seller offices worldwide. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange until 6th February, 2014, when it was acquired by Autodesk. It now operates as a wholly owned, independently operated subsidiary of Autodesk.
History.
Overview.
In 1965 Donald Welbourn, saw the possibility of using computers to assist pattern makers to solve the problems of modelling difficult 3D shapes. He persuaded the Science Research Council to support research at the Cambridge University Engineering Department. Early sponsorship was provided by Ford and Control Data in Germany, whose customers included Volkswagen and Daimler Benz. In 1974 the Delta Group seconded Ed Lambourne (now Technical Director at Delcam) to the Cambridge Team. After Lambourne returned to Delta a Birmingham-based development centre was established in 1977.
In 1989, the company was bought from Delta Group in a buyout led by Managing Director Hugh Humphreys and Ed Lambourne. The company was renamed Delcam International in 1991 and moved to a new purpose built office in Small Heath. In July 1997, Delcam plc was floated on the Alternative Investment Market to expand international operations and increase the investment development.
The company now have over 300 offices assisting 90,000 users worldwide with an annual turnover of over £100 million with the largest development team in the industry.
Products.
Advanced Manufacturing Solutions.
Is a 3D CAD (Computer-aided Design) solution that runs on Microsoft Windows which allows for the design of 3D complex models using surfaces, solids and triangles. The software allows for the import of 3D point cloud data to reverse engineer 3D models. PowerSHAPE is used for a variety of applications including Modelling for manufacture, electrode design, mould and toolmaking. The code of PowerSHAPE originates from the DUCT software.
A CAM solution for the programming of tool paths for 2 to 5 axis CNC Milling (Computer Numerical Control).
A CAD based inspection solution package for use with many types of inspection hardware, including manual and CNC CMMs, portable arms, optical measuring devices and CNC machine tools (OMV). Developed for use on Microsoft Windows, the software is sold to a wide range of industries.
In 2004 Delcam won a Queen’s award for innovation for PowerINSPECT and by 2008 PowerINSPECT was Delcam’s second biggest selling product.
A software package for the programming of machining robots with up to 8 axes.
A feature-based CAM solution for milling, turning, and wire EDM.
A CAM software for programming of turn-mill equipment bar-fed mills and Swiss-type lathes.
A CAM solution based on PowerMILL and FeatureCAM embedded into SolidWorks.
A CAD data translator for reading and writing all commonly used CAD format files.
An integrated software within PowerSHAPE for automatic generation of solid electrode models for EDM with optional tool path generation in PowerMILL.
Metrology Solutions.
A package for measurement of complex parts directly on the machine tools.
Artistic CADCAM Solutions.
A specialist 3D design and manufacture solution for jewelers.
A complete solution for the design and manufacture of 2D Artwork & 3D Reliefs.
Is for production-level layout and manufacture of 2D Artwork & 3D Reliefs.
Is a low cost introductory design and machining solution.
Healthcare Solutions.
Is a web-based workflow management tool for tracking orders remotely.
Is for the design of dental restorations.
Is for the manufacture of dental restorations.
Is a scanner for generating dental teeth impressions.
Is a software package for the design of custom orthotic insoles.
Is a software package for the manufacture of custom orthotic insoles.
Is a foot, plaster cast and foambox scanner
Footwear Solutions.
Is a software package for 3D last modification and 3D last grading.
Is a software package for the 3D design of footwear.
Is software for 3D sole unit engineering and grading.
Is software for 2D pattern engineering and grading.
Is software for 2D pattern part nesting and cutting.
Is software for 2D pattern part nesting and cutting for projection cutting machines.
Is software for total footwear costing.
Is a technical documentation software package
Graduate Programme.
Delcam operates a development scheme for engineering and software graduates. The graduate programme consists of five 10 week rotations across different functions of the company. Functions include Professional Services, international support, marketing, ArtCAM, PowerINSPECT, and training. Graduates also have the opportunity to work at Delcam USA in Philadelphia or Salt Lake City.
Boris.
Delcam's logo incorporates a computer-modelled spider named Boris. This was produced as an experiment to render hairs in Delcam's CAD software in 1984. Upon seeing a machined version at a show, the Managing Director Hugh Humphreys decided to take it home and use it within the company's logo.

</doc>
<doc id="9748343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748343" title="Geraldton Airport">
Geraldton Airport

Geraldton Airport is an airport located east of Geraldton, Western Australia, along the Geraldton – Mount Magnet Road. On average, from 2006 to 2011, more than 98,000 passengers used the airport annually.
Background.
From 1941 to 1945, Geraldton was the site of No. 4 Service Flying Training School RAAF.
Geraldton Airport is the general aviation and regular passenger transport airport for the City of Greater Geraldton and it meets varying transport, industrial and commercial interests across the mid-west region.
Geraldton Airport is the main regional base for aircraft charter operations, flight training, private flying, aerial and agricultural work and aircraft maintenance in the mid-west region.
The closest significant aerodromes are Mullewa, to the east or Kalbarri to the north and for larger jet operations Perth Airport, to the south.
Geraldton Airport has daily Regular Public Transport (RPT) services, Geraldton – Perth – Geraldton, provided by both QantasLink and Virgin Australia Regional Airlines using Dash 8-400 and Fokker 50 aircraft respectively.
Geraldton Airport is the base for several general aviation flying training and charter operators, namely;
Shine Aviation Services conduct flying training and utilise a gazetted low flying training area to the south east of the airport. Shine Aviation Services are also a major fly-in fly-out operator in the region.
Midwest Aviation, conduct aircraft maintenance and have aircraft engineers.
Bristow Helicopters provide offshore support services to drill companies exploring offshore from Dongara.
Dunns Aerial Spraying & Spreading Service provides crop dusting services from the airport for up to nine months of each year.
The Royal Flying Doctor Service in Western Australia utilises the airport on an as required basis and has an aircraft hangar which is vested in the City of Greater Geraldton adjacent to the general aviation terminal.
Local charter operations from Geraldton Airport providing fly-in fly-out services include Shine Aviation to Golden Grove Mine, Mount Magnet and Jack Hills. Virgin Australia operates to Boolgeeda Airport from Geraldton on a Wednesday, and Network Aviation, Cobham Aviation Services Australia and Alliance Airlines operate charters to various sites on a non regular basis. Fixed wing and helicopter charters to the Abrolhos Islands are also well patronised.
Geraldton is close enough to Perth to receive a significant number of private operations from aircraft based in Perth. Geraldton is also a convenient location for pilots to fly to for recreational reasons.
Flying training squadrons from RAAF Base Pearce also use Geraldton Airport. They pay regular visits with Pilatus PC-9 training aircraft often staying overnight conducting circuits and cross-country navigation exercises. C130 Hercules transport aircraft also use Geraldton Airport for training on occasions throughout the year.
Statistics.
Geraldton Airport was ranked 44th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9748352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748352" title="List of Governors of the Department of Santander">
List of Governors of the Department of Santander

The Governor of the Department Santander heads the executive branch of the government of the Colombian department of Santander. He or she is the highest-ranking official in the department, serving as the main agent for the President of Colombia to carry on the task of maintaining public order and the execution of the general economic policy, and all matters of law passed down for the nation. The current governor is Horacio Serpa Uribe.
Presidents of the Sovereign State of Santander.
The Sovereign State of Santander was created on May 13, 1857 as the third Sovereign State of the Republic of New Granada. The State would be an independent entity within the country ruled by a President which would be elected by the State Congress. The President of the state would act as the governor of the region but with more power and independence from the central government, in turn, the title of Governor was given to the heads of government of the provinces of the state.
Many presidents of the state, due to the great amount of power they held, and the political importance of the region, went on to become Presidents of the Nation, and others went on to become important political figures in Congress or other areas.
On April 8, 1859, Congress passed a law giving the President of the Country, then the Granadine Confederation, the right to remove the duly appointed Governors of the States and appoint one of his choosing. With this law, the President secured the power of the Conservative Party. This changed the practice of a State elected executive representative, instead the President of Colombia would appoing the President or Governor of the State or Department, this went on till 1991.
Governors of the Department of Santander.
In 1886 the states were abolished and Santander became a Department under direct
authority of the central government.
In 1910 the northern part of the department was detached to form the new Department of Norte de Santander separately represented by their own Governor.
Democratically elected Governors.
The Colombian Constitution of 1991 allowed for local democratic elections to take place electing Governors for each department and the elections being held at the same time to avoid confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="9748364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748364" title="California State Automobile Association">
California State Automobile Association

AAA Northern California, Nevada and Utah (AAA NCNU), formerly known as the California State Automobile Association (CSAA), is one of the largest motor clubs in the American Automobile Association (AAA) National Federation. As the names states, it serves members in Northern California, Nevada, and Utah. It is headquartered in Emeryville, California.
History.
The California State Automobile Association traces its history to a 1900 meeting of car buffs in San Francisco's Cliff House.
Recognizing the need for better roads (America had very few paved roadways outside of cities), signage, and more friendly laws, those car owners formed the Automobile Club of California (ACC) to deal with barriers that hindered acceptance of the auto throughout the state.
The club’s efforts began to pay off in 1905, when the legislature passed a set of uniform regulations governing the use of motor vehicles on California highways. This established the state, rather than individual local jurisdictions, as the authority on motor vehicle law and did away with a jumble of local regulations.
In 1907, ACC merged into the newly founded California State Automobile Association, which formally affiliated with the American Automobile Association (AAA) in that same year. The new club’s (stated) focus was “Good Roads and Just Legislation.”
CSAA sent teams of cartographers to survey California's roads for the production of maps, with the first ones produced in 1909. The organization also helped post thousands of porcelain-on-steel traffic signs throughout the state and continued to do so until the State of California took over the task in the early 1950s.
CSAA began to offer automobile insurance in 1913 and homeowner's insurance in 1974.
In 1933, CSAA opened its first office in Nevada, and thereafter became the designated AAA affiliate in that state. In 1994, CSAA acquired the Automobile Club of Utah.
In 2005, CSAA and AAA Arizona announced they would affiliate under a shared holding company, AAA Club Affiliates. By 2006, AAA Club Affiliates counted AAA MountainWest, AAA Oklahoma/South Dakota, and the Hoosier Motor Club as members. AAA Northern Ohio joined in 2008. AAA Club Affiliates merged with AAA Mid-Atlantic in 2010 to form AAA Club Partners.
CSAA announced in 2007 that it was going to move its headquarters to Station Landing, a new office building in unincorporated Walnut Creek. The building was completed in 2009.
The club changed its name to AAA Northern California, Nevada & Utah, or AAA NCNU, for marketing purposes in 2008. However, it still legally retains the California State Automobile Association name.
In 2010, the insurance and auto club operations of AAA NCNU split. The next year, the auto club moved its headquarters to Emeryville.
In 2013, the insurance company changed its name to CSAA Insurance Group, a AAA Insurer.

</doc>
<doc id="9748384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748384" title="Suma Station">
Suma Station

A pathway connects the station's south exit with the Suma beach on the Seto Inland Sea, while the Sanyo Electric Railway Suma Station is a short walk on the north side. 
Operation.
The station consists of two island platforms serving two local tracks, with two express tracks on the north side for passing trains. Rapid Service trains stop here during the day, but some rush hour Rapid trains run on the express track and do not stop here.

</doc>
<doc id="9748442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748442" title="Elaine Fantham">
Elaine Fantham

Elaine Fantham is a British classicist. She was Giger Professor of Latin at Princeton University from 1986 to 1999. She was chair of the Department of Classics at Princeton from 1989 to 1992 and the president of the American Philological Association for 2004.
Fantham is an expert on Latin literature, especially comedy, epic poetry and rhetoric, and Roman religion and the social history of Roman women. She is classics commentator on NPR's "Weekend Edition".
Career.
Fantham studied classics at Oxford University. She received her doctorate in 1962. For some time, she taught classics at Indiana University. From 1968 to 1986 Fantham was professor of classics at the University of Toronto in Canada. In 1986 she joined the classics department at Princeton University, where she taught until her retirement in 1999.
Fantham is part of the advisory boards of different scientific periodicals, amongst others "Materiali e discussioni per l'analisi dei testi classici".

</doc>
<doc id="9748454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748454" title="Manuela Pfrunder">
Manuela Pfrunder

Manuela Pfrunder (born 1979) is a Swiss graphic designer. She was chosen by the Swiss National Bank to design the ninth series of Swiss franc banknotes.
Pfrunder studied graphic design in Lucerne and worked as a designer in New York, Bern and Bath. For her project "Die Fortsetzung der Schöpfung" (The continuation of Creation), she was awarded the Swiss Design Award in 2001.
In 2005, she submitted designs for the Swiss National Bank's banknote design competition. Her designs, focusing on Switzerland as a tourist destination, were awarded second place. In February 2007, the National Bank chose her submission as the basis of the new banknotes series, which is scheduled to be issued – in a much reworked design – in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9748468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748468" title="Griffith Airport">
Griffith Airport

Griffith Airport is an airport serving Griffith, New South Wales, Australia. It is located north of Griffith and operated by the Griffith City Council.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two runways: 06/24 with an asphalt surface measuring and 18/36 with a clay surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
Regional Express withdrew services to and from Melbourne in July 2012.
Statistics.
Griffith Airport was ranked 48th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2009-2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9748470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748470" title="Vladimir Betz">
Vladimir Betz

Vladimir Alekseyevich Betz () ( – ) was a Ukrainian anatomist and histologist, professor of the Kiev University (Bogomolets National Medical University), famous for the discovery of giant pyramidal neurons of primary motor cortex.
Volodymyr Betz began his education in the Nizhyn Gymnasium (Ukraine, part of the Russian Empire at that time). Later he transferred to the 2nd Kiev Gymnasium and graduated from it in 1853. In 1860 he received a physician's diploma from the Medicine faculty of Saint Vladimir University in Kiev (now Bogomolets National Medical University) and was appointed a prosector's aide at the anatomy department. He went abroad to study in May 1861 and returned in September 1862, having studied with and attended the lectures of professors Brücke, Bunsen, Kölliker, Helmholtz, Kirchhoff. From 1864 to 1867 he lectures anatomy and histology at the university, rising in 1868 to the rank of Extraordinary Professor and in 1870 becoming Ordinary Professor of the anatomy department.
Brain tissue preparations made by Betz were awarded medals twice - at the All-Russian manufacturing exhibition in 1870 and at Vienna World Exposition of 1873. In 1874, Vladimir Alekseyevich described the giant pyramidal neurons in the primary motor cortex, which later were named "Betz cells".
Betz' most prominent works include:

</doc>
<doc id="9748502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748502" title="Aurembiaix">
Aurembiaix

Aurembiaix (or Aurembiax) (1196–1231) was the Countess of Urgell from 1208, the last of her dynasty.
She was the only child of Ermengol VIII and Elvira of Subirats. In 1206, Ermengol asked Peter II of Aragon to defend the right of his daughter to inherit and his widow to have the regency, but after Peter's death (1213), Guerau IV of Cabrera, a cousin of Aurembiaix's who claimed the inheritance, invaded the county and took control.
Aurembiaix married Álvaro Pérez de Castro in 1212, but in 1228 she had the marriage annulled and returned to Urgell to claim her right to succeed. She received the support of James I of Aragon and became his concubine at Agramunt. Threatened with invasion and a possible marital alliance with Aragon, the nobles of Urgell accepted Aurembiaix as their ruler. In 1229, Aurembiaix in turn married Peter, exiled brother of Afonso II of Portugal, and rendered Lleida to James and accepting Urgell back from him as a fief.
Aurembiaix died without descendants at Balaguer only about a year later. Urgell went to Peter.

</doc>
<doc id="9748518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748518" title="Toda oscillator">
Toda oscillator

In physics, the Toda oscillator is a special kind of nonlinear oscillator. It represents a chain of particles with exponential potential interaction between neighbors. These concepts are named after Morikazu Toda. The Toda oscillator is used as a simple model to understand the phenomenon of self-pulsation, which is a quasi-periodic pulsation of the output intensity of a solid-state laser in the transient regime.
Definition.
The Toda oscillator is a dynamical system of any origin, which can be described with dependent coordinate formula_1 and independent coordinate formula_2, characterized in that the evolution along independent coordinate formula_2 can be approximated with equation
\fracx}+
D(x)\frac

</doc>
<doc id="9748523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748523" title="Hoodoo Butte">
Hoodoo Butte

Hoodoo Butte is a cinder cone butte in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon, located near Santiam Pass just west of the Cascade Crest. A ski area, also named Hoodoo, is located on the northwest through northeast flanks of the cone, and the summit area includes the top stations of two chairlifts along with several radio antennas. Immediately to the east lies Hayrick Butte, a prime example of a tuya.

</doc>
<doc id="9748526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748526" title="Obe, Afghanistan">
Obe, Afghanistan

Obe (Owbi, Obeh) is a town and the administrative center of Obe District, Herat Province, Afghanistan. It is located at at 1277 m altitude in the valley of the Hari River, northeast of Herat.

</doc>
<doc id="9748544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748544" title="Ghanaian general election, 2000">
Ghanaian general election, 2000

General elections were held in Ghana on 7 December 2000, with a second round of the presidential election on 28 December. The presidential elections resulted in a victory for John Kufuor of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), whilst the NPP also won the most seats in the parliamentary elections. 
The election marked the first transfer of power via the ballot box in the country's history.
Results.
Parliament.
The vacant seat was filled by a by-election on 3 January 2001 and won by the NPP.

</doc>
<doc id="9748550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748550" title="Red Nails (collection)">
Red Nails (collection)

Red Nails is a 1977 collection of three fantasy short stories and one essay written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The collection was edited by Karl Edward Wagner. It was first published in hardcover by Berkley/Putnam in 1977, and in paperback by Berkley Books the same year. It was reprinted in hardcover for the Science Fiction Book Club, also in 1977, and combined with the Wagner-edited "The Hour of the Dragon" and "The People of the Black Circle" in the book club's omnibus edition "The Essential Conan" in 1998. The stories originally appeared in the fantasy magazine "Weird Tales" in the 1930s.
The pieces in "Red Nails", in common with those in the other Conan volumes produced by Karl Edward Wagner for Berkley, are based on the originally published form, of the texts in preference to the edited versions appearing in the earlier Gnome Press and Lancer editions of the Conan stories. In contrast to the earlier editions, which included Conan tales by authors other than Howard, Wagner took a purist approach, including only stories by Howard, and only those thought to be in the public domain. His editorial comments dismiss editorial revisions made in the earlier editions.

</doc>
<doc id="9748554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748554" title="Groote Eylandt Airport">
Groote Eylandt Airport

Groote Eylandt Airport is an airport serving Groote Eylandt, an island in the Gulf of Carpentaria in Northern Territory, Australia. The airport is operated by the Groote Eylandt Mining Co. and is located north of the community of Angurugu.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one runway designated 10/28 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9748575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748575" title="Snowflake High School">
Snowflake High School

Snowflake High School is one of the oldest schools in Arizona. It was founded in the late 19th century for the education of Snowflake’s youth. In 1888 the Snowflake Stake Academy was established to provide education beyond the 8th grade for all who cared to attend. It was initially established by the LDS Church as part of its Church Educational System. In 1924 the Snowflake Union High School District was created and the Stake Academy was closed.
After struggling in borrowed or rented facilities for a decade, a new brick Academy building was erected in 1901 on a gentle elevation south of the existing village of Snowflake.
Snowflake High School is part of Snowflake Unified School District which serves Snowflake, Arizona and neighboring Taylor, Arizona.
Snowflake High School hosts the town’s Groundhog Brunch on Feb 3rd.

</doc>
<doc id="9748601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748601" title="Empress of the World">
Empress of the World

Empress of the World is a young adult novel by Sara Ryan. It was published in 2001. Its sequel, "The Rules for Hearts", was published in April 2007. It won the 2002 Oregon Book Award for Young Readers Literature.
Ryan summarizes the book conceptually as "Friendship, love, and the sometimes blurry lines between the two."
"Empress of the World" tells the story of Nicola, a teenager girl who attends a summer program for gifted children, where she falls in love with a girl named Battle.

</doc>
<doc id="9748624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748624" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort-Liberté">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort-Liberté

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort-Liberté (), erected 31 January 1991, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien.

</doc>
<doc id="9748626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748626" title="Francisco Santos (swimmer)">
Francisco Santos (swimmer)

Francisco José Ribeiro Lopes dos Santos, known mainly as Francisco Santos (born May 17, 1962, in Luanda, Angola) is an Angolan/Portuguese multi-talent artist with many names and faces. As Francisco Lopes Santos he is likely to be known as a swimmer. Art enthusiasts may know him as the visual artist Xesko, lovers of poetry as Elias Karipande, fantasy and science fiction fans as Alan J. Banta. As a writer, published in English and Portuguese.
As a sportsman represented Angola in swimming at the 1980 Summer Olympics (Men's 100 m Breaststroke and Men's 4 × 100 m Medley Relay).
He also represented his country in other international games, including the Algiers 1978 All-Africa Games, the Moscow 1979 Seventh USSR Summer Spartakiade and the Mexico 1979 Summer Universiade.
Biography.
Xesko's parents (who were Portuguese) had immigrated to Angola in 1959, and he grew up immersed in the African quarters ("musseques") of Luanda.
Since very young, he was dedicated to the arts and sports. He began writing at 14 years old and painting at 16 (watercolours and Chinese Ink). In that time, he had published some short stories and poems in several magazines and newspapers.
In the secondary School, were a Founder and Publisher of the Magazine "The Bantalas" entirely dedicated to the arts (Fine Art Painting, Photograph, Prose and Poetry) and participated in a contest of Art Painting whose objective was the creation of a poster commemorative of the anniversary of the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) obtaining the 1st place.
He detached himself widely in sports, obtaining several titles of National Champion, in Swimming (consecutively from 1972 to 1980) and Chess (1977 and 1979). He also represented is nation abroad several times, being the last time in the 1980 Summer Olympics (Moscow).
He loves experiencing new techniques and ideas in Art Painting, being strongly influenced by the African art and by the work of Salvador Dalí. His interest by the painting avenged until 1986, time in that personal problems caused to stop having started again painting in the year of 2002. 
Noticeable Militant of the Youth of the Party (JMPLA) abandoned the politics when he moved to Portugal in 1986. In Portugal, began a career as a musician under the name of Francis Riba, having created several musical groups, being the better known, the psychedelic rock band ZEM.
From 1982 to 1999 he was involved in several musical and theatrical projects as a technician, musician, producer and director, writing several adaptations and two original pieces.
Graduated in the Soviet Union, in 1986, in Chemical Engineering, where he frequented also the courses of "Scientific Drawing" and "Creative Thought in Post-modernism". In Portugal, graduated in Data Processing, Systems Engineering and Programming. He frequented also the Courses of “Improvement in Painting Techniques for Oil Portraits”, promoted by the Fine Art-Painter "Master Almaia", “Photograph and Graphic Design”, from IADE (Institute of Visual Arts, Design and Marketing), “Aesthetics and Theories of the Contemporary Art" and "Art Painting and Visual intervention”, from SNBA (National Society of Fine Arts).
He has a MA of Contemporary Fine Arts from the Sheffield Institute of Arts (Sheffield Hallam University), Sheffield, UK, and has several works displayed in public places and he is represented in several private and official collections in Portugal, Russia, France, Spain, Brazil, UK and Angola.
Heteronyms.
Francisco Santos's primary "nom d'art" or alter ego.
The heteronym Alan J. Banta is described as a civil engineer, born in 1952 in Kakamas, a village located in the Northern Cape, South Africa but living and working in Angola. After independence, in 1975, remained in the country, for he considers his true home. This heteronym, emerges as a prolific writer of fantasy and science fiction, because of their South African origins and English education, is tending to express in a very classical way. According Francisco Santos, "Alan J. Banta", appears for the necessity of the author has in distancing his student's life from his fantasies.
By other side, the heteronym Elias Karipande, was born in 1958 in Karipande, a village of Alto Zambeze in Moxico, Angola. Countryman, having only attended primary school, enroll the People's Armed Forces for the Liberation of Angola (FAPLA) in 1977 after the killing of their parents by the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA). Born poet, his poetry reflects the heroic spirit of the time. According Francisco Santos, this heteronym, appears for the necessity of creating a soul of pure nationalism.

</doc>
<doc id="9748653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748653" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-de-Paix">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-de-Paix

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-de-Paix (), erected 3 October 1861, is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Cap-Haïtien.

</doc>
<doc id="9748662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748662" title="Hooker Creek Airport">
Hooker Creek Airport

Hooker Creek Airport is an airport in Lajamanu, Northern Territory, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9748665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748665" title="Xırdalan">
Xırdalan

Xırdalan (also, Khyrdalan, Khurdalan, and Xirdalan) is a city and municipality in and the capital of the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 32,576. 
In 29 November 2006, settlement gained city status after its approval by National Assembly of Azerbaijan.
Khirdalan is also the home of country's biggest brewery "Baltika Baku", previously known as "Xırdalan". A monument to Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak was erected in 2007 in the city. In the wake of the 2011 Egyptian protests, the Azerbaijani opposition, led by the Musavat party, demanded the demolition of the statue, calling it a "worship of idols".

</doc>
<doc id="9748676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748676" title="Salt Ash, New South Wales">
Salt Ash, New South Wales

Salt Ash is a rural suburb of the Port Stephens local government areas in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located on the main road between Newcastle and Nelson Bay but is largely undeveloped, partly because it is the location of the Salt Ash Air Weapons Range which is used by pilots from RAAF Base Williamtown for training purposes.
The southern border of Salt Ash is occupied entirely by Stockton Beach.
Tourism.
Oakvale Farm & Fauna World is a local tourist attraction.
World War II aircraft crashes.
On 14 April 1943 a RAAF Supermarine Spitfire made a forced landing at the "Oaklands" property near Salt Ash.
On 31 January 1945 a RAAF Mosquito broke up in flight over the firing range, killing both crew members.

</doc>
<doc id="9748681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748681" title="Hughes D-2">
Hughes D-2

The Hughes D-2 was an American fighter and bomber project begun by Howard Hughes as a private venture. It never proceeded past the flight testing phase but was the predecessor of the Hughes XF-11. The only D-2 was completed in 1942–1943.
Design and development.
In 1937, Howard Hughes began the design of an advanced twin-engine, twin-boom interceptor in the hope of interesting the United States Army Air Corps (USAAC) in its procurement. The design was somewhat similar to the Lockheed P-38 Lightning that won the 1939 USAAC design competition. Hughes later testified to the U.S. Senate that Lockheed had stolen his design, although this was refuted by many others. Rather than abandon the project, as he later recounted in the 1947 Senate investigation, he "decided to design and build from the ground up, and with my own money, an entirely new airplane which would be so sensational in its performance that the Army would have to accept it." 
Most of the airframe of the "DX-2" was made of Duramold plywood, a plastic-bonded plywood molded under heat and high pressure. This material was advantageous from an aerodynamic and a metals-shortage standpoint, but was difficult to work, and rejected as insufficiently robust by the USAAC. Initially, the aircraft was to have been equipped with a tail wheel but the landing gear was later changed to a tricycle configuration with the main undercarriage units retracting rearwards into the twin booms and the nosewheel retracting rearwards and rotating 90 degrees to lie flat in the small central fuselage. The powerplants were to have been a pair of experimental Wright Tornado 42-cylinder, liquid-cooled radial engines. The D-2 was built in secret at the Hughes Culver City, California factory with longtime associate, Glenn Odekirk, providing engineering inputs. The secrecy further alienated USAAC officers, especially when Hughes denied Materiel Command access to the plant. The USAAC had requested information about the project's progress, but did not enter into a formal contract until 1944. Final assembly and flight testing occurred at the Hughes Harper Dry Lake facility in the Mojave Desert. The finished D-2 looked like a scaled-up P-38 Lightning but, on paper, promised better performance; the Air Corps repeatedly compared it to the Lockheed XP-58 Chain Lightning.
Difficulties encountered in obtaining the Wright Tornado engines led to the substitution of proven Pratt & Whitney R-2800s. 
Numerous designations were given to the project, including D-2, DX-2, DX-2A, D-3, D-5, XA-37 and XP-73. The names reflected difficulties in development, shifting mission emphasis, and the USAAC's uncertainty over how to use the aircraft. In June 1942, a USAAF memorandum stated:
"Hughes Model DX-2A. Has been submitted as a convoy protector, convoy destroyer, pursuit airplane, fighter, and light bombardment type. Its longest life has been as a convoy protector, but the latest specification which will be used in the negotiations calls it a fighter. If the present airplane is completed as a military weapon, it will have armament substantially as on the XP-58. Its sole claim to being a bomber is the fact that it is equipped with bomb bay doors. Since it is to be purchased in its commercial form ... it is considered advisable to call it the XP-73 for the sake of administering the contract."
The XP-73 was thus a temporary designation applied to the D-2 after the Material Command at Wright Field obtained approval to purchase "one Hughes DX-2 airplane in present commercial form as a prototype ..." Within three days, the D-2 had been redesignated as the XA-37 for purposes of administering a contract. However, Materiel Command engineers vehemently opposed the aircraft, partly because it was built of wood instead of aluminum, and in part because they believed Mr. Hughes had not the managerial and industrial capability to actually produce the aircraft. Neither of the above USAAF designations thus applied to any actual airplane; in the end, only two XF-11 prototypes and a mock-up were delivered.
Because of Mr. Hughes's high political and public profile, the program was highly controversial. In July 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt's requested information and progress from USAAF chief General Henry "Hap" Arnold about the aircraft. Again in August-September 1943, the president and White House staff discussed Hughes's progress with Arnold, who then gave the order to purchase 100 F-11 derivatives.
Operational history.
Testing.
After the D-2 was readied for flight in 1942, Hughes himself took over the flight test program. However, after only a few brief hops, it was clear that high control forces were a problem. When full flight tests were finally conducted in spring 1943, modifications still had not been made to correct this problem. Hughes reluctantly concluded that the D-2 needed major modifications, including a complete redesign of the wings and a change in airfoil section. The wing center section, which was continuous through the fuselage nacelle, was to be revised to increase the size of the proposed bomb bay. Following these changes, the aircraft was to be assigned the company designation D-5. After only a few test flights, the sole aircraft was abandoned and further development of the subsequent F-11 proceeded at Culver City.
Aftermath.
In August 1943, Colonel Elliott Roosevelt, the President's son and then commander of the Northwest African Photographic Reconnaissance Wing, led a distinguished team tasked with evaluation of several American reconnaissance aircraft projects. He was lavishly entertained by Howard Hughes and his staff, and on 20 August he submitted to Arnold a glowing recommendation of the D-2 with photographic reconnaissance modifications. Roosevelt stated that delivery of a small number of these planes would win the war within six months. It was this recommendation, shared by Elliott with his father the president, that caused General Arnold to verbally order the aircraft, overriding repeated objections from Materiel Command. On 11 October 1943, a letter of intent for 100 F-11s, costing $48,500,000 was signed.
The D-2 prototype, which never flew well, was destroyed in an unexplained fire at Harper Dry Lake on 11 November 1944. The aircraft had become the center of a dispute between the USAAC and Hughes, who demanded that the military pay for its original development costs. The USAAF refused, and then insisted on inspecting the plane. However, after the fire, a 50-50 split of costs was agreed.
In mid-1944, Hughes entered into the contract to develop the high-altitude, high-speed XF-11 derivative. The entire project was examined in great detail by the Senate War Investigating Committee in 1947. This led to the dramatic, highly publicized Hughes-Roosevelt hearings in August and November of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9748684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748684" title="Multnomah Athletic Club">
Multnomah Athletic Club

The Multnomah Athletic Club is a private social club and athletic club in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood, it was founded in 1891, and the club has expanded greatly from its beginnings. It now fills two buildings totaling , making it the largest indoor athletic club in the world. It is colloquially referred to as either "The Multnomah Club," or simply "The MAC." Its emblem is a winged "M". It has approximately 22,000 members and employs 500 staff, according to the club's website.
The club is known for its exclusivity. A lottery for possible membership is only held approximately every four years, and reapplication is required every time. The initiation fee is approximately $5100 for an individual member, and monthly dues thereafter are $154.
Facilities.
Aquatics
• Three pools, two with spectator galleries,
Athletics
• Nine tennis courts
• Eight squash courts
• Ten handball/racquetball courts
• Gymnastics Arena
• Three gymnasiums, including a rock climbing gym
• Indoor Track
• Batting cage
• Pilates Studio
• Exercise & Conditioning Room with 14,800 sq. ft. of space
• Three fitness studios with 9,430 sq. ft. of total space
• Four locker rooms with over 6400 lockers,
Catering/Dining
• Three restaurants
• Ten private dining rooms
• Grand Ballroom,
Social Areas
• Reading Lounge
• Game Room
• Stadium Terrace
• Sun Deck
• Junior Lounge,
Amenities
• Concierge
• The -M-porium retail shop
• Child Care and Playschool
• The Salon
• Massage
• Shoe Shine and Repair,
The club offers a swim team, synchronized swimming, basketball, cycling, dance, decathlon, golf, gymnastics, handball, karate, Pilates, personal training, racquetball, skiing, squash, soccer, tennis, triathlon, volleyball, hiking, and yoga. The clubhouse is also host to a variety of local, regional, and national sporting competitions throughout the year, and has been a venue for international championships on more than one occasion.
The club's primary facility is an eight-level main clubhouse located adjacent to Providence Park, a multipurpose stadium located on land formerly owned by the club, directly behind the park's south end bleachers. Covered parking for more than 600 autos is provided across the street in the club's garage.

</doc>
<doc id="9748706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748706" title="Keystone module">
Keystone module

A keystone module is a standardized snap-in package for mounting a variety of low-voltage electrical jacks or optical connectors into a keystone wall plate, face plate, surface-mount box, or a patch panel.
Keystone modules have a rectangular face of 14.5 mm wide by 16.0 mm high and are held in place with flexible tabs. This allows them to be snapped into a mounting plate with correspondingly-sized rectangular holes, called ports. All keystones, regardless of the type of jack they carry, are interchangeable and replaceable. This provides much flexibility in arranging and mounting many different types of electrical jacks in one plate or panel without requiring customized manufacturing.
Some keystones use a pass-through type connector, where there is a jack on both the front face as well as the rear side. Others only have a jack on the front and employ a different mechanism for hard-wiring signal cables to the rear, such as a mini 110 block, an insulation-displacement connector, or a crimp or solder connection.
Types of modules available.
Many types of jacks are available in the keystone module format, limited mainly by their physical size, including:
History.
The origin of the “Keystone" module may be traced back to US Patent 4261633 of Aug 27, 1979 for a “Wiring module for telephone jack” - by Amp Incorporated.
The module referred to in that patent was affixed by “A pair of diagonally inclined mounting flanges (which) include stepped, panel bearing surfaces .. at the outer free ends thereof." The unit was “inserted through the panel opening, with the sides of the opening resiliently deflecting the (mounting flanges), until they pass through the opening and spring outwardly away from the remainder of the housing, with the panel bearing surfaces .. thereof seated against the front surface of the panel".
However, the current design (now called “Keystone”) is first referenced in US Patent US 5624274 of Nov 7, 1995 for a “Telephone connector with contact protection block” - by International Connectors And Cable Corporation.
In this design the module is affixed by a single diagonally inclined mounting flange, together with a protuberance (ramp) on the opposite side.
In the patent description, it is stated that “the jack assembly may be mounted to a face plate by first inserting the bottom of the jack assembly into a jack opening until the ramp of the housing engages a mounting surface of the face plate. The jack assembly is then rotated and snapped into place due to deflection of the cantilever latch of the housing."

</doc>
<doc id="9748708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748708" title="The People of the Black Circle (collection)">
The People of the Black Circle (collection)

The People of the Black Circle is a 1977 collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. The collection was edited by Karl Edward Wagner. It was first published in hardcover by Berkley/Putnam in 1977, and in paperback by Berkley Books the same year. It was reprinted in hardcover for the Science Fiction Book Club, also in 1977, and combined with the Wagner-edited "The Hour of the Dragon" and "Red Nails" in the book club's omnibus edition "The Essential Conan" in 1998. The stories originally appeared in the fantasy magazine "Weird Tales" in the 1930s.
The pieces in "The People of the Black Circle", in common with those in the other Conan volumes produced by Karl Edward Wagner for Berkley, are virtual reproductions (other than typo correction) of the originally published form of the texts as they appeared in "Weird Tales", in contrast to the edited versions appearing in the earlier Gnome Press and Lancer editions of the Conan stories. In contrast to the earlier editions, which included Conan tales by authors other than Howard, Wagner took a purist approach, including only stories by Howard, and only those thought to be in the public domain. His prefaces and afterwords dismiss editorial revisions made in the earlier editions.

</doc>
<doc id="9748709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748709" title="Hayrick Butte">
Hayrick Butte

Hayrick Butte is a tuya volcano in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon, located near Santiam Pass just west of the Cascade Crest. It is adjacent to the cinder cone, Hoodoo Butte, which overlaps its western edge.
A tuya is a type of subglacial volcano, formed when lava erupts underneath an overlying glacier or ice sheet and then melts through to the surface and pools, producing the flat plateau on top with near-vertical walls along the ice-contact margin as the lava cools and hardens. Hayrick Butte is one of the most perfectly formed examples of a tuya in the contiguous United States with a nearly flat triangular plateau about across and steep walls rising about above the plain below.

</doc>
<doc id="9748710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748710" title="Latobius">
Latobius

Latobius was a sky and mountain Celtic god worshipped by the people of Noricum (modern Austria). During ancient Roman times he was equated with aspects of Jupiter and Mars. Votive inscriptions for "Mars Latobius" are typically found on mountain tops (e.g., on the highest peak of the Koralpe mountain range, between the Lavant and Mur valleys) and on passes in former Noricum.
References.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997

</doc>
<doc id="9748715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748715" title="Horn Island Airport">
Horn Island Airport

Horn Island Airport is an airport in Horn Island, Queensland, Australia.
World War II.
The Civil Constructional Corps and the Department of Main Roads began construction of an advanced operational airbase on the island during World War II, commencing in 1940. RAAF Base Horn Island was completed in 1941 and was used as a staging base for Allied aircraft moving between Australia and New Guinea. The airfield consisted of two intersecting runways, with revetments for aircraft parking.

</doc>
<doc id="9748717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748717" title="Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad">
Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad

Incorporated on April 17, 1886, at Marblehead, Ohio, the Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad (L&M) was a short standard gauge railroad that spanned about seven miles (11.3 km) in length. It extended from Marblehead through Lakeside to a connection with the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway (later the New York Central Railroad) at Danbury (an unincorporated hamlet bordering Sandusky Bay). A common carrier, it carried both freight and passengers. It was abandoned as a common carrier railroad July 31, 1964, operated for the last time as a private industrial railroad in Summer 1978, and its tracks were removed in Fall 1997.
The L&M was primarily a limestone hauler for the stone quarries at Marblehead. These firms sent out thousands of carloads per year of shell or "flux" stone to be consumed by blast furnaces across the midwestern United States in the process of making steel. When the original promoters were unable to build enough traffic to keep the line financially afloat, the railroad was purchased by the Cleveland, Ohio-based Kelley Island Lime & Transport Company (KIL&T) January 1, 1891, as its first step in buying out all of the quarries of Marblehead. After integrating these quarries into one large operation, KIL&T also used the L&M to move stone between various lime kilns and processing facilities. The line remained under control of KIL&T and its successors for its entire existence.
Origin.
The Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad was the successor of the Cleveland, Toledo and Lakeside Railway, which was incorporated April 18, 1885, to build a steam railroad from the stone quarries at Marblehead to the tracks of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern at Danbury. The CT&L was promoted locally by Edgar H. Brennan, a civil engineer, who was unable to find enough financial capital to begin construction. The following year, Brennan made contact with Hiram A. Blood and a syndicate of other railroad promoters based in Massachusetts, who bought out the interests of the CT&L, incorporated the L&M, and began construction on or about October 1, 1886. The line was finished by the end of December. The first revenue freight ran on the line January 3, 1887, and passenger service opened January 17, 1887.
Freight and passenger service.
The L&M at its opening used an American-type steam locomotive with a 4-4-0 wheel arrangement. It soon traded this machine to the Cleveland & Canton Railroad in exchange for a steam switch locomotive with a 0-6-0 wheel arrangement. The L&M owned an assortment of only 0-6-0 models over the years until the last steam locomotive left its property on January 31, 1953. The line's first two diesel-electric locomotives were General Electric 70-ton models. These were succeeded by one General Motors SW7 and two General Motors SW8 locomotives. Freight volume peaked in 1953, when the line hauled 3,134,403 tons of freight in 46,809 cars, almost all of which was outbound limestone.
L&M passengers were carried at first with steam trains, then, beginning in 1910, with two gasoline rail motor cars. The first motor car was a four-wheeled Fairbanks-Morse Model 24 carrying 35 passengers. The second, which operated from 1916 to 1930, was a McKeen car carrying 48 passengers. Passenger ridership peaked around 1904 at roughly 19,000 passengers per year.
Cooperation with an interurban.
The Toledo, Port Clinton and Lakeside Railway (TPC&L), a standard gauge electric interurban railroad, was built to Marblehead in 1905 and also began to serve Lakeside and Marblehead, the only two major settlements on the L&M, with passenger and freight service. Although steam railroads and interurbans were usually very fierce rivals, the L&M welcomed the new line with open arms because it provided a new outlet for freight traffic aside from its connection with the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway. The two made a connection at a point named Violet, near Church Road, in rural Danbury Township, until the TPC&L's track was abandoned in 1940.
In 1907, the L&M leased to the TPC&L a short section track extending from Marblehead to Ohlemacher's Dock, which faced north into Lake Erie. The TPC&L electrified the track and sent its cars over it to meet ferry boats that took passengers from Marblehead to Sandusky. This arrangement ultimately proved unfavorable, so in 1911, the L&M built and leased to the TPC&L a new track extension extending south from Marblehead to a dock facing south into Sandusky Bay at Bay Point, where ferry boats took passengers to Cedar Point and Sandusky over a shorter and much more direct route. This arrangement remained in place until June 30, 1926.
Later years.
In 1955, the Kelley Island Lime & Transport Company sold the L&M and the Marblehead stone quarries to Chemstone Corporation, a subsidiary of Minerals Corporation of America. Chemstone continued to operate the railroad as a common carrier, but freight volume quickly dropped as customers moved elsewhere and modernization of the quarry infrastructure required less use of the railroad. In 1962, Chemstone sold the quarry and railroad to the Youngstown, Ohio-based Standard Slag Company. Standard Slag quickly completed modernization of the quarries to mine the lower layers of dolomitic limestone then available. Stone was then moved around the quarry on conveyor belts and all outbound stone was shipped via lake freighter, making the railroad largely obsolete. Only a handful of non-quarry customers remained; not enough to keep the L&M financially afloat.
The Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad was abandoned July 31, 1964, after hauling 85,280,000 tons of freight and almost 570,000 revenue passengers. Its property and infrastructure were transferred to Standard Slag, which kept it largely intact, operating it occasionally over the years for customers who preferred to receive stone by rail rather than water. The last train operated in November 1978, with Standard Slag locomotive number 51 (ex-L&M 14).
Standard Slag sold the quarry and railroad to Lafarge Corporation in 1989. Lafarge scrapped the final locomotive in June 1995, and most of the line beginning in September 1997.
Present day.
The railroad's depot at Lakeside, Ohio, was restored in 2003 and is now used as a multi-purpose meeting facility. The railroad's Danbury depot has been moved to Fremont, Ohio, for use as a business. The line's engine houses and station in Marblehead are gone.
A portion of the line's right-of-way in Lakeside is now a walking path. None of the line's rolling stock survives. A few sections of original track remain within Lafarge's quarry property.
Archiving and Preservation.
In 1992 two teenagers from Marblehead, Ohio, David Koran and Michael Crawford, began a research project of archiving, photographing, and researching the abandon properties of the Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad and the local stone quarries. The research contributed to the formation of The Marblehead Quarry and Railroad Preservation Group in 1994, a non profit organization that was later dissolved in 2005. The results of the preservation work was published on a series of websites including now defunct The Marblehead Quarry History Site in 2004. Material was also used to research a series of local books on the Lakeside and Marblehead Railroad and its quarries. Much of the remaining archives of the Group are pending donation to local museums.
A small collection of materials, primarily consisting of correspondence to and from the company, is held at the Center for Archival Collections at Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio under the catalog number MS-177.

</doc>
<doc id="9748737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748737" title="Westside Tennis Club">
Westside Tennis Club

The Westside Tennis Club is a private tennis club located in Houston, Texas. It was the former home (2001–2007) to the ATP Tour U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships. Gallery Furniture Stadium, located on the club's premises, was the home of the Houston Wranglers of World TeamTennis. The stadium also hosted the Tennis Masters Cup in 2003 and 2004.
Controversy.
The club is unique in that it offers courts of all the Grand Slam surfaces: Rebound Ace (Australian Open), red clay (French Open), grass (Wimbledon), and DecoTurf (US Open). The clay courts are the only courts in the United States that are identical to those at Roland Garros. The grass courts were designed and installed under the supervision of David Kimpton of the Queen's Club. There are 46 courts in total, including 10 indoors. Gallery Furniture Stadium has a capacity of 5,240 spectators.
In December 2006, the club management decided to change the fundamentals and become an all-around sports and family club instead of a strictly tennis club. 
Although it had the finest facilities in the Houston area, it has converted its grass courts into a first-class soccer field and the red clay into swimming pools and more hard courts. The 5 blue indoor courts were turned into the "zone" where families can have fun and added 2 teaching courts and a teaching lane with a ball machine.

</doc>
<doc id="9748782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748782" title="Lero">
Lero

Lero is an obscure Celtic god, invoked alongside the goddess Lerina as the eponymous spirit of Lérins in Provence. Nothing is known about these gods apart from these epigraphic dedications.
Lero is also an uncommon surname found in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="9748820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748820" title="Jimmy Weinert">
Jimmy Weinert

Mitchell Nelson Weinert (born August 14, 1951 in Middletown, New York) was a pioneering motocross and supercross rider in the early years of the sport in the United States. In the 1970s he won 22 AMA Nationals and three AMA championships. In 1973, Weinert became the first American to defeat international-level riders in the Trans-AMA motocross series. That victory marked a turning point that brought American motocross up to par with the then dominant European riders.
Weinert was the son of a motorcycle dealer and began riding at an early age. Early in his career, he split his time between motocross and dirt track oval racing however, an injury while racing on the high speed dirt track ovals convinced him to concentrate on the burgeoning sport of motocross. Weinert began racing professionally in 1970 riding a CZ. In 1972 he finished runner up to Gary Jones in the AMA 250cc motocross national championship. Weinert earned a place on the Kawasaki factory racing team and went on to win the 1974 AMA 500cc national championship. He successfully defended his title in 1975. He also won the 1976 AMA 250cc Supercross championship. Injuries began to take their toll and he retired during the 1980 season. 
Weinert continues his involvement in the sport competing in vintage motocross events. In 1999, he was inducted into the AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9748835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748835" title="Fyodor Kamensky">
Fyodor Kamensky

Fyodor Fyodorovich Kamensky (; Lesnoye, suburb of Saint Petersburg, Russia - 26 August 1913, Clearwater, Florida, United States) was a Russian sculptor. From 1873 on he worked in the U.S.
Kamensky was born to a family of a Major General, an administrator of the Imperial Forestry Institute in Saint Petersburg. In 1852-1860 he studied at the Imperial Academy of Arts under Nikolay Pimenov, Peter Clodt von Jürgensburg and Feodor Bruni. In Academy he received Gold Medals for bas-reliefs "Senate asked Cincinnatus to stay in Rome" and "Regulus returns to Carthage". Made busts of Taras Shevchenko and Feodor Bruni. Kamensky's works were praised by Vladimir Stasov who saw them as the first break from the idealization of the subjects. Kamensky received Academy scholarship and in 1863-1869 studied in Italy. 
Among sculptures made in Italy were sentimental sculptures First step, Young Sculptor, Widow, "Girl picking mushrooms", "Children in the rain", model of a monument to Mikhail Glinka. For the sculpture "Widow" he became an Academician of the Imperial Academy of Arts and moved back to Saint-Petersburg.
Still in 1870 he returned to Florence and in 1873 he moved to Florida, United States. In United States he became a farmer. Still he continued his sculpturing making decorations for the Kansas government building, project of "Roman fountains" in New York City, sculpture Amor for Tampa, Florida.
In 1893 during preparations for the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago he became the "Commissioner of Fine Arts for the Russian exposition". He prepared "huge concrete sculptures for the pavilion" as well as selected 130 paintings and statues from Russia to be presented on the exhibition. His last years he worked on a complex "World" sculpture (unfinished). Fyodor Kamensky died in Clearwater, Florida on 26 August 1913

</doc>
<doc id="9748883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748883" title="David Wingate">
David Wingate

David Wingate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9748893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748893" title="Bobs Farm, New South Wales">
Bobs Farm, New South Wales

Bobs Farm is a sparsely populated rural suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is on the main road between Newcastle and Nelson Bay and is home to a number of small, boutique style vineyards and wineries and a thriving aquaculture industry.
Geography.
Bobs Farm is the first suburb of the Tomaree Peninsula when travelling towards Nelson Bay. It is bounded on the north almost entirely by Tilligerry Creek. A small part at the north-eastern end of the northern border meets Port Stephens. The southern border is occupied entirely by Stockton Beach.
Demographics.
Most of the suburb's population lies along the two main roads in the area, Marsh Road and Nelson Bay Road. Tin City, a collection of squatters shacks is built on Stockton Beach near the border between Bobs Farm and Salt Ash.
Aquaculture industry.
"Bobs Farm" is the centre of a thriving, environmentally friendly, aquaculture industry that exports technology. In 2007 pioneering aquaculture technology, based around a recirculating system that is the only one in the world to provide consistent reproduction, was sold for the creation of six farms in the United States. , discussions were in progress with companies in Africa, the Middle East, Europe and Asia. An education and tourism centre was constructed at the site of Tailor Made Fish Farms in 2007. In addition to it being environmentally friendly and providing consistent results, the technology developed at "Bobs Farm" is expected to reduce capitalisation costs.

</doc>
<doc id="9748915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748915" title="Baharestan Carpet">
Baharestan Carpet

The Baharestan carpet (Persian فرش بهارستان, meaning "the spring carpet") was commissioned by Sasanian Shahanshah Khosrow Anūšakrūwān), which was made for the main audience hall of the Sasanian dynastic imperial Palace at Ctesiphon, in the province of Khvârvarân (now in Iraq). 
It was long and wide. Woven of silk, gold, silver, and rare stones, the carpet depicted a splendid garden akin to Paradise. In 637 CE with occupation of Iranian capital, Ctesiphon, the Baharestan carpet was taken by the Arabs, cut into small fragments and divided among the victorious soldiers as booty. 
According to historians, the famous "Tāqdis throne" was also covered with 30 special Baharestan carpets representing the 30 days of the month and four other carpets representing the four seasons of a year.

</doc>
<doc id="9748919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748919" title="Sleeping at Last">
Sleeping at Last

Sleeping at Last is an indie rock musical project of which singer and multi-instrumentalist Ryan O'Neal is the sole member.
Sleeping at Last was originally formed in 1999 in Wheaton, Illinois, and consisted of Ryan O'Neal, his brother Chad O'Neal (drummer) and Dan Perdue (bass guitarist). The group built a significant local following and opened for bands such as Kill Hannah and Plain White T's, attracting the attention of Billy Corgan, who got them signed to Interscope Records in 2002. Their major label debut, "Ghosts", followed in 2003.
National touring ensued, first opening for Switchfoot, then for Billy Corgan's side project Zwan, Yellowcard, Something Corporate, The Format, and Bleu. They received airplay on Fuse TV and their song "Tethered" was featured in the third season of "Grey's Anatomy". Their third full-length, "Keep No Score", was released independently.
On November 29, 2008, it was announced that drummer Chad O'Neal would be moving on to pursue other interests. In 2009, the band independently released their "Storyboards" album, which featured a guest orchestral arrangement by the legendary Van Dyke Parks. On July 15, 2010 the band announced via their website that starting on October 1, 2010 until September 1, 2011 they would be releasing three songs on the first day of each month for one year, a project they named "Yearbook". The songs were released on their website in twelve separate EPs named after the month in which they were released (e.g. January, February, etc.). As of December 8, 2011, all 12 EP's became available in one "Yearbook" box set for $45.00. On May 22, 2011 it was announced that bassist and keys player Dan Perdue would be stepping down to pursue other interests. The band will still continue as Sleeping at Last with Ryan O'Neal being the only permanent member.
"Yearbook" songs "Homesick" and "Watermark" were featured in the ABC television show, "Private Practice" in Season 3 (2010), followed by ""Yearbook"" songs "Emphasis" and "Wires" being featured on "Private Practice" in Season 4 (2011). "Tethered" (also on ""Yearbook"") was featured in season 8 (2012) of the ABC television show "Grey's Anatomy." "From the Ground Up" from "Yearbook: December" was featured in the season 7 finale of "Bones".
On September 26, 2011 it was announced that a new Sleeping at Last song will be featured in the film, " – Part 1", with a song called "Turning Page", written exclusively for the film. "Turning Page" and "Turning Page (Instrumental)" will appear exclusively on "", released on November 8, 2011.
On June 6, 2012, Sleeping At Last released an 8-bit remix EP entitled "8-Bits". The EP is composed of one song from each of the last three Sleeping At Last studio albums and one song from the Yearbook project. The songs were remixed by Michael Carroll and Steven Padin from The Reign of Kindo. The EP was released for free on Noisetrade.
In December, 2013, the song "In the Embers" from the album Atlas: Light, was used by TCM television network (Turner Classic Movies) as the soundtrack for the 2013 version of "TCM Remembers," their annual tribute to those who died during the year. The lyrics of the song begin,""We live and we die, like fireworks our legacies hide in the embers.""
On January 29, the song "Sun" from the album Atlas: Space 1 - EP was used in the trailer for the upcoming book-based movie The Fault In Our Stars.
Sleeping at Last is also involved with the non-profit organization To Write Love on Her Arms.

</doc>
<doc id="9748935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748935" title="I, Monarch">
I, Monarch

I, Monarch is the third album by Florida technical death metal band Hate Eternal and it was released 27th of June, 2005 on Earache Records. Art Direction, Artwork & Design By Paul Romano
Track listing.
All songs by Erik Rutan except when noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="9748941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748941" title="Joseph Fletcher (disambiguation)">
Joseph Fletcher (disambiguation)

Joseph Fletcher was an American ethicist.
Joseph Fletcher may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9748945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748945" title="Molniya (explosive trap)">
Molniya (explosive trap)

Certain buried or otherwise concealed containers used by the KGB to cache items such as shortwave radio receivers and cryptographic materials were booby-trapped with an explosive device known as Molniya ("lightning"). A sequence of specific actions had to be taken in the correct order to render the device safe prior to moving or opening the container, or the device would detonate. This detonation was designed to be highly lethal to anyone in immediate proximity, as well as being sufficient to destroy all materials in the cache.
Large arms caches were allegedly hidden in many countries for planned terrorism acts. They were booby-trapped with "Molniya". One such cache, which was identified by KGB defector Vasili Mitrokhin, exploded when Swiss authorities fired upon it using a water cannon, resulting in no casualties. The device was found in the woods near Bern.

</doc>
<doc id="9748961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748961" title="Cobb County Center for Excellence in the Performing Arts">
Cobb County Center for Excellence in the Performing Arts

The Cobb County Center for Excellence in the Performing Arts is a magnet program at Pebblebrook High School in Mableton, Georgia. 
The program is open to any student in Cobb County who is selected from auditions and meets the academic eligibility requirements. Every student is enrolled as a vocal, dance, drama, or technical theatre major. Students can also minor in other areas or take on a second or even third minor. Students study in their major each day for two hours and in their minor for one hour and a half. Students are required to remain in the program every semester of their high school careers. Students are actively involved in extracurricular performances and are given the opportunity to work with professionals from around the United States. The training is extremely rigorous. The dance program includes (but is not limited to) hip hop, jazz, classical ballet, modern, conditioning, and enrichment (dance history). The vocal program includes (but is not limited to) three level choirs. The program includes the famous Pebblebrook chamber choir, select choirs, solos, classical, musical theatre, music theory, piano, piano theory, and much more. The drama program includes (but is not limited to) internal timing, projection, emotive studies, cold readings, improvisation, Shakespearean study, monologue study, traditional plays, contemporary plays, classical theatre, comedy, and musical theatre. The technical theatre program includes (but is not limited to) set construction, lighting, sound, costumes and stage management. All students must maintain a "3.0" in their major study.

</doc>
<doc id="9748984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9748984" title="Saint John's Seminary (Massachusetts)">
Saint John's Seminary (Massachusetts)

Saint John's Seminary, located in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, is a Catholic major seminary sponsored by the Archdiocese of Boston. 
Founded in 1884, the seminary has 91 seminarians and approximately 60 lay students, mostly from dioceses in New England.
The current rector is Msgr. James P. Moroney, professor of liturgy and executive secretary of the "Vox Clara" commission of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments.
History.
Founding.
The construction of the Boston Ecclesiastical Seminary began in 1881, and Archbishop John Joseph Williams entrusted the seminary to the Sulpician Fathers. The school was completed in 1884, and the first students began classes there on September 22, 1884. The Seminary's first rector was John Baptist Hogan.
The Seminary was incorporated under the laws of Massachusetts in 1892. In 1911, at the request of Archbishop William Henry O'Connell, the Sulpicians withdrew from the seminary.
Saint John's Seminary adopted its present name in 1941.
Merger.
Cardinal O'Connell Seminary, the archdiocesan minor seminary in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, was merged with Saint John's Seminary in 1968. In 1970 its programs were relocated to a Foster Street site in Saint Clement's Hall.
Crisis and recovery after 2000.
Enrollment at Saint John's declined drastically in the wake of the sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic archdiocese of Boston. From a peak of 86 students in the academic year 2001-2002, enrollment fell to 34 for the year 2005-2006. The seminary recovered thereafter to reach a student population of 63 two years later.
During the 2000s, nearly all the Seminary's land and buildings were sold to Boston College (BC), the neighboring Jesuit-run college. In 2001, BC leased St. Clement's Hall, formerly the site of the Seminary's undergraduate division, and it bought the property in June 2004. In May 2007, the Archdiocese sold the Seminary's open land, its library building and several other structures. Rector John Farren, OP resigned and protested the 2007 sale in a letter to Cardinal O'Malley.
After the land sales, the campus of the Seminary consists only of Saint John's Hall.
Current status.
For the academic year 2009-2010 enrollment in the Seminary is 91, comprising 81 diocesan seminarians and 10 religious. Most students are from dioceses in New England, including the Archdiocese of Boston, Archdiocese of Hartford, and the dioceses of Burlington, Fall River, Manchester, Providence, Springfield, and Worcester. A few seminarians are from dioceses outside the US.
College-level seminary candidates for the Archdiocese of Boston reside at Our Lady of Providence Seminary College in Providence, Rhode Island and various other institutions.
Location.
St. John’s Seminary is located on Lake Street in Brighton, Massachusetts. The nearest transit station is the MBTA Boston College light-rail stop (Green Line).
Academics.
Seminary programs.
As a major seminary, an institution providing formation for the Catholic priesthood, Saint John's offers a four-year program leading to the Master of Divinity degree. There is also a program leading to the Master of Arts in Theology.
In addition, "St. John's Seminary offers a two-year program of initial formation for those candidates who are college graduates and have no prior experience of formal preparation for the sacrament of Holy Orders." Those who complete the Pre-Theology Program may qualify to receive a Bachelor of Philosophy (B.Phil.).
Programs for lay students.
The Seminary's Theological Institute for the New Evangelization offers programs for lay people wishing to work in Roman Catholic ministry, leading to the degrees Master of Theological Studies for the New Evangelization, and Master of Arts in Ministry (MAM). These programs are based at a separate campus in accordance with norms of the Holy See. The MAM division of TINE also offers non-credit catechist training programs in evangelization and apologetics.
Accreditation.
The Seminary is accredited by the Association of Theological Schools and by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Athletics.
Seminarians partake in sports including basketball, football, golf, softball, and soccer. With access to the Flynn Recreation Complex at Boston College, seminarians contend in intramural basketball and soccer leagues against Boston College students.
Daily life.
In addition to their daily schedule of classes and services in chapel, seminarians have off-campus pastoral assignments at least once per week. Most seminarians also have a "house job", such as sacristan or bookstore manager. Each seminarian meets his spiritual director at least once per month.
Rectors.
Here is a list of the rectors of the Seminary.
Under Sulpician administration:
Under archdiocesan administration:

</doc>
<doc id="9749004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749004" title="Utah State Prison">
Utah State Prison

Utah State Prison (USP) is one of two prisons managed by the Utah Department of Corrections' Division of Institutional Operations. It is located in Draper, Utah, United States, about 20 miles southwest of Salt Lake City.
History.
The prison was built to replace Sugar House Prison, which closed in 1951. Its location was once remote and the nearby communities were rural. Since the prison's erection, business parks and residential neighborhoods have developed the once rural area into a suburban one. This has prompted the possibility of moving the prison to a more isolated location. A study was completed by Wikstrom Economic & Planning Consultants, Inc., to determine if moving the prison would be feasible. The test of feasibility was whether or not the value of the real estate of the current location could support the cost of relocation. It was determined that the cost of relocating the prison far exceeded the value that could be realized from the sale of the Draper prison site.
Facility.
The large prison complex houses both male and female prisoners in separate units. The prison has a capacity of over 4,000 inmates. The Draper site is located near Point of the Mountain along the Traverse Ridge and consists of several units named after surrounding mountains and mountain ranges. These units range from minimum security to supermax. The Uintas house maximum security units for male inmates and include a supermax facility and execution chamber. Wasatch and Oquirrhs house the medium security male inmates. Promontory is a medium security therapeutic community designed to treat drug abusers. Timpanogos houses female inmates and Olympus is the mental health unit. Lone Peak is a minimum security unit.
Scott P. Evans Architect & Associates designed the five buildings of the evaluation facility. The same company performed a reroof and a seismic upgrade of the SSD building.

</doc>
<doc id="9749020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749020" title="One (Alli Rogers EP)">
One (Alli Rogers EP)

One is a limited edition EP. It was the 2nd release by Alli Rogers and was only available online or at her shows but is out of print and no longer available.

</doc>
<doc id="9749037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749037" title="Gimmicks Three">
Gimmicks Three

"Gimmicks Three" is a fantasy short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the November 1956 issue of "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" under the title "The Brazen Locked Room", and reprinted under Asimov's original title in the 1957 collection "Earth is Room Enough". The title refers to what Asimov called "the three well-worn gimmicks of pact with the devil, locked room mystery, and time travel".
Plot summary.
Isidore Wellby has just left the army and, abandoned by his girlfriend, feels lost and let down. In desperation, he signs away his soul in blood to a demon named Shapur. On the proviso that eventually he will be forced to enter hell, either as an ordinary damned soul or as a member of the cadre, he is allotted a number of demonic powers, the nature of which are not initially explained to him.
Ten years later, he has become a successful businessman and has married his erstwhile girlfriend. Shapur reappears to demand his price. If Wellby can perform a simple task using his demonic powers, Wellby will be accepted as a member of the elite of hell. Otherwise, he will be just an ordinary damned soul.
Wellby is confined to an apparently sealed bronze room and challenged to escape from it. Eventually, with little time left, he realizes that he has the power to move through time - the fourth dimension - and travels backward, thus escaping from the room. 
In the story's climax, it is revealed that he has moved back to the time before he had signed away his soul and so he is able to turn down Shapur's persuasive offer, much to the demon's fury. Not only has he had his ten successful years, with more to come, but the demon no longer owns his soul.

</doc>
<doc id="9749038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749038" title="Essaqwand Rock Tombs">
Essaqwand Rock Tombs

The Essaqwand Rock Tombs () are three rock-hewn tombs located 25 km southwest of Harsin in Kermanshah Province, Iran. On top of the middle tomb there is the bas-relief of a man with his profile toward the viewers. He is holding his hands in prayers in front of him. There is also a torch and a fire altar in front of him. Behind the fire altar there is another man, holding up something in his hands. The tombs have been attributed to different historical eras including Medes, Achaemenids, Seleucids and Parthians.

</doc>
<doc id="9749044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749044" title="Slow design">
Slow design

Slow Design is a branch of the Slow Movement, which began with the concept of Slow Food, a term coined in contrast to "fast food". As with every branch of the Slow Movement, the overarching goal of Slow Design is to promote well being for individuals, society, and the natural environment. Slow Design seeks a holistic approach to designing that takes into consideration a wide range of material and social factors as well as the short and long term impacts of the design.
Origin and meaning.
Slow Design refers to the goals and approach of the designer, rather than the object of the design. In this way a Slow Design approach can be used within any design field. The term was probably first coined by Alistair Fuad-Luke in his 2002 paper "'Slow Design' - a paradigm for living sustainably?", in which Slow Design is seen as the next step in the development of sustainable design, balancing individual, socio-cultural, and environmental needs.
While Fuad-Luke focused on the design of physical products, the concept can be applied to the design of non-material things such as experiences, processes, services, and organizations. In fact, Slow Design may be seen as a path toward the dematerialization required for long-term sustainability as it takes into account the non-material nature of human well being and happiness. 
Beth Meredith and Eric Storm attempt to summarize the concept, stating: 
Slow Design is a democratic and holistic design approach for creating appropriately tailored solutions for the long-term well being of people and the planet. To this end, Slow Design seeks out positive synergies between the elements in a system, celebrates diversity and regionalism, and cultivates meaningful relationships that add richness to life.
Current and future practice.
Common qualities of Slow Design include:
Slow design is still a relatively new concept of design thinking, and its implications are yet to be fully developed and defined. It could evolve in the following ways:

</doc>
<doc id="9749048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749048" title="ACS-1">
ACS-1

The ACS-1 and ACS-360 are two related supercomputers designed by IBM as part of the IBM "Advanced Computing Systems" project from 1961 to 1969. Although the designs were never finished and no models ever went into production, the project spawned a number of organizational techniques and architectural innovations that have since become incorporated into nearly all high-performance computers in existence today. Many of the ideas resulting from the project directly influenced the development of the IBM RS/6000 and, more recently, have contributed to the Explicitly Parallel Instruction Computing (EPIC) computing paradigm used by Intel and HP in high-performance processors.
History.
The ACS project began in 1961 as "Project Y" with a goal of “building a machine that was one hundred times faster than Stretch.” Initial work began at the IBM Watson Research Center. A number of significant computer pioneers contributed to the project, including John Cocke, Herb Schorr, Frances Allen, Gene Amdahl, and Lynn Conway.
A decision by IBM in May 1968 to modify the project to support S/360 compatibility resulted in the name change from "ACS-1" to "ACS-360" for the computer being designed. At its peak, the ACS-360 project involved over 200 engineers and staff.
The ACS-360 project was canceled in May 1969; however, many of the innovations resulting from the project would eventually find direct realization in the IBM RS/6000 series of machines (now the IBM System p line of workstations and servers), apart from influencing the design of other machines and architectures.
Influence.
Although neither the ACS-1 nor the ACS-360 was ever manufactured, the IBM Advanced Computing Systems group responsible for their design developed architectural innovations and pioneered a number of RISC CPU design techniques that would become fundamental to the design of modern computer architectures and systems:

</doc>
<doc id="9749066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749066" title="Williamtown, New South Wales">
Williamtown, New South Wales

Williamtown is a rural suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located on the main road between Newcastle and Nelson Bay.
Geography.
The eastern section of Williamtown is dominated by RAAF Base Williamtown and Newcastle Airport while the western section of the area is primarily semi-rural with some large-acreage residential areas scattered along Cabbage Tree Road which is a main access route to Port Stephens from the Pacific Highway. To the south Williamtown reaches Fullerton Cove, a large cove at the Hunter River. The south-eastern corner of the area reaches the Tasman Sea on Stockton Beach and access to the beach is possible at this point for off-road vehicles via Lavis Lane. After reaching the beach a popular destination is the wreck of the which lies just off the beach approximately south-west.
Tomago sandbeds.
Most of Williamtown sits atop the Tomago sandbeds (an aquifer that is a critical source of water for the lower Hunter Region). The sandbeds are replenished primarily by rain as well as any water that leaks from Grahamstown Dam in nearby Ferodale. Water from the sandbeds and the dam is treated in Tomago.

</doc>
<doc id="9749102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749102" title="Glenn Allison">
Glenn Allison

Glenn Richard Allison (born May 22, 1930) is an American professional ten-pin bowler and a charter member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA). He was born in Whittier, California to Leo Allison, a car salesman, and Stella Bradford. He won 5 PBA titles and one Senior PBA title, and was inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame (Veterans/Special Category) in 1984. He is also a member of the USBC Hall of Fame (inducted 1979), having won four titles in the ABC Tournament's Classic Division: he won in doubles in 1962, his "Eagles" team won in 1964 and 1966, and he claimed a singles title in 1970.
Allison is most known, however, for being the first American ten-pin bowler to roll a perfect 900 series (three perfect 300 games over a three-game series) in sanctioned competition. He rolled the series on July 1, 1982, but the then-American Bowling Congress (ABC) did not approve his award application, citing non-complying lane conditions. The decision sparked considerable controversy, as the ABC had sanctioned a 299 and 300 at that bowling center (La Habra Bowl in La Habra, CA) earlier in the season, and no other scores that night were unusually high — even on the pair of lanes on which Allison bowled. [http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1126111/5/index.htm] But the ABC (now USBC) has never relented and still has not officially recognized the score.
In the 1970s, Allison was the proprietor of Glenn Allison Lanes located at the corner of Aviation Blvd. and Century Blvd. in Los Angeles near Los Angeles International Airport. The building burned down and was converted into a strip club.
Personal.
In September, 2010, Glenn was diagnosed with colon cancer. 
Allison was honored at the 2011 USBC Open Championships in Reno, Nevada for making his 60th lifetime appearance in the tournament. That same year, Allison became one of only 13 bowlers in history to reach a lifetime total of more than 100,000 pins in this tournament.
Glenn Allison currently works at La Habra 300 Bowl as a deskman and is bowling the Frank's Gold Cup league on Thursday nights. He is averaging 210+ at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="9749104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749104" title="State Science and Technology Prizes">
State Science and Technology Prizes

The State Science and Technology Prizes () is the highest honor in People's Republic of China in science and technology, in order to recognize citizens and organizations who have made remarkable contributions to scientific and technological progress, and to promote the development of science and technology. The State Council enacted the Regulations on the State Science and Technology Prizes and established five State prizes in science and technology:
The State Natural Science Award, the State Technological Invention Award and the State Scientific and Technological Progress Award are classified into two grades, that is, the First Class Award () and the Second Class Award ().
The State Highest Science and Technology Award is awarded by the state president, while the State Natural Science Award First Class Award will be given in person by the Premier of the State Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9749108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749108" title="Epitaphios (liturgical)">
Epitaphios (liturgical)

The Epitaphios (Greek: Ἐπιτάφιος, "epitáphios", or Ἐπιτάφιον, "epitáphion"; Slavonic: Плащаница, "plashchanitsa"; Arabic: نعش, "naash") is an icon, today most often found as a large cloth, embroidered and often richly adorned, which is used during the services of Good Friday and Holy Saturday in the Eastern Orthodox Churches and those Eastern Catholic Churches which follow the Byzantine Rite. It also exists in painted or mosaic form, on wall or panel.
The Epitaphios is also a common short form of the "Epitáphios Thrēnos", the "Lamentation upon the Grave" in Greek, which is the main part of the service of the Matins of Holy Saturday, served in Good Friday evening.
Etymology.
The word Epitáphios is composite, from the Greek ἐπί, "epí", "on" or "upon", and τάφος, "táphos", "grave" or "tomb". In Greek the word has, inter alia, the meaning of both the English "epitaph" and the liturgical one presented here, the latter having been acquired during the Christian period.
Iconography.
The icon depicts Christ after he has been removed from the cross, lying supine, as his body is being prepared for burial. The scene is taken from the Gospel of St. John (). Shown around him, and mourning his death, may be his mother (the Theotokos or Blessed Virgin Mary); John the beloved disciple; Joseph of Arimathea; and Mary Magdalene, as well as angels. Nicodemus and others may also be depicted. Often the Four Evangelists will be shown in the corners. Sometimes, the body of Christ appears alone, except for angels, as if lying in state.[http://www.shroudforum.com/exhibit/images/simplezoom.jpg The oldest surviving embroidered icon, of about 1200 (Venice) is in this form. The equivalent subjects in the West are called the "Anointing of Christ's body", or "Lamentation of Christ" (with a group present), or the "Pietà", with just Christ held by Mary.
The image may be embroidered or painted on fabric or some other substrate, which is then mounted in a wide cloth border (burgundy is the most common colour) often edged in gold fringe. Usually, the troparion of the day is embroidered in gold letters around the edges of the icon:
In the Late Byzantine period, the icon depicting the burial of Jesus was commonly painted below a Christ Pantocrator in the apse of the prothesis (the chapel where the Liturgy of Preparation was performed) in Orthodox churches, illustrating a liturgical hymn which celebrated Christ "On the throne above and in the tomb below". The icon, in particular a panel mosaic version taken to Rome, probably in the 12th century, developed in the West into the subject Man of Sorrows, which was enormously popular in the Late Middle Ages, though that image shows a living Christ, normally with eyes open.
Liturgical use.
The Epitaphios is used on the last two days of Holy Week in the Byzantine rite, as part of the ceremonies marking the death and resurrection of Christ. It is then placed on the Holy Table (altar table), where it remains throughout the Paschal season.
Vespers on Great Friday.
The Deposition from the Cross. Prior to the "Apokathelosis", Vespers on the afternoon of Great Friday, the priest and deacon will place the Epitaphios on the Holy Table. The priest may also anoint the Epitaphios with perfumed oil. A chalice veil and the Gospel Book is placed on top of the Epitaphios. This may be either the large Gospel Book used at the Divine Liturgy, or it may be a small one.
During the reading of the Gospel lesson (a concatenation compiled from selections of all four Gospels) which recounts the death and burial of Christ, an icon depicting the "soma" (corpus) of Christ is taken down from a cross which has been set up in the middle of the church. The "soma" is wrapped in a white cloth and taken into the sanctuary.
Near the end of the service, the priest and deacon, accompanied by acolytes with candles and incense, bring the Epitaphios in procession from the Holy Table into the center of the church and place it on a table which is often richly decorated for that purpose. The Gospel Book is laid on top of the epitaphios. In some Greek churches, an elaborately carved canopy, called a "kouvouklion", stands over the Epitaphios. This bier or catafalque represents the Tomb of Christ, and is made of wood, usually elaborately carved. On Good Friday morning, the bier is decorated with spring flowers, mostly white, red, and purple, until it is covered by the flowers in its entirety. The Tomb is often sprinkled with flower petals and rosewater, decorated with candles, [http://xeniteia.typepad.com/photos/orthodoxy_in_korea/epi.html and ceremonially censed as a mark of respect. The bells of the church are tolled, and in traditionally Orthodox countries, flags are lowered to half-mast. Then the priest and faithful venerate the Epitaphios as the choir chants hymns. In Slavic churches, the service of Compline will be served next, during which a special Canon will be chanted which recalls the lamentations of the Theotokos.
The faithful continue to visit the tomb and venerate the Epitaphios throughout the afternoon and evening, until Matins—which is usually served in the evening during Holy Week, so that the largest number of people can attend. The form which the veneration of the epitaphios takes will vary between ethnic traditions. Some will make three prostrations, then kiss the image of Christ on the Epitaphios and the Gospel Book, and then make three more prostrations. Sometimes, the faithful will crawl under the table on which the Epitaphios has been placed, as though entering into death with Christ. Others may simply light a candle and/or say a short prayer with bowed head. In Ukrainian Catholic churches and others of the Ruthenian tradition, the laity will often sing vernacular hymns at this point. One such hymn is "stradal'na maty" ("страдальна мати"), the contents of which approximate the Stabat mater, and may be heard here: [http://www.saintelias.com/mp3/GtFriVespCd/13StradalMaty.mp3]
The priest may hear confessions at the Epitaphios, and he may anoint people who were not able to be present for the Unction service earlier in the week. The Acolouthia of the Holy and Great Saturday and hence the Epitaphios procession (see below), started according to ancient customs during the Saturday Matins (Orthros), but nowadays, it frequently begins a bit earlier, at the night of Holy and Great Friday.
Matins on Great Saturday.
The Burial of Christ. During Matins, "Lamentations" (Greek: Ἐπιτάφιος Θρῆνος, "Epitaphios Thrēnos", "Epitaphic Lamentation"; or Ἐγκώμια, "Enkōmia", "praises") are sung before the Epitaphios as at the tomb of Christ, while all hold lighted candles. The verses of these Lamentations are interspersed between the verses of Psalm 118 (the chanting of this psalm forms a major part of the Orthodox funeral service). The Lamentations are divided into three sections called "stáses", each commonly known by its first phrase; in Greek these are:
At the beginning of each stásis, the priest or deacon will perform a censing. In the Greek use, at the third and final stásis, the priest will sprinkle rosewater on the Epitaphios and the congregation, symbolising the anointing of Christ's body with spices.
Near the end of Matins, during the Great Doxology, a solemn procession with the Epitaphios is held, with bells ringing the funeral toll, commemorating the burial procession of Christ. In Slavic churches, the Epitaphios alone is carried in procession with candles and incense.It may be carried by hand or raised up on poles like a canopy. Many Greek churches, however, will carry the entire bier, with its carved canopy attached.[http://www.greektravel.com/greekislands/kea/easter/DSC09111_JPG_view.htm In societies where Byzantine Christianity is traditional, the processions may take extremely long routes through the streets, [http://www.greecetravel.com/easter/epitaphios.jpg] with processions from different parishes joining together in a central location. Where this is not possible, the procession goes three times around the outside of the church building. The procession is accompanied by the singing of the Trisagion, typically in a melodic form used at funerals. Those unable to attend the church service will often come out to balconies and sidewalks where the procession passes, holding lit candles and sometimes hand-held censers. In many Greek villages, the Epitaphios is also paraded in the cemetery, among the graves, as a covenant of eternal life to those who have passed away.
In many towns where more than one parishes exist, the processions often converge to a single spot, e.g. a square, where they temporarily stop and a common "Triságion" is sung before they resume their routes. This is notably done on the island of Hydra, where the Epitaphios from the Kamíni parish is brought into the sea until the bier bearers are waist-high in the water, as a special blessing for those who have perished at sea. In larger towns the procession is led by a local marching band playing funeral marches; in some cities the Epitaphios is escorted by military detachments, their arms in the mourning (muzzle towards the ground) position.
At the end of the procession, the Epitaphios is brought back to the church. Sometimes, after the clergy carry the Epitaphios in, they will stop just inside the entrance to the church, and hold the Epitaphios above the door, so that all who enter the church will pass under it (symbolically entering into the grave with Christ) and then kiss the Gospel Book. In Greek churches, the Epitaphios is then brought directly to the sanctuary, where it remains on the Holy Table until Ascension Thursday. In Slavic churches, it is brought back to the catafalque in the middle of the church (and may be honoured further with more petals, rosewater and incense), where it remains until the Midnight Office at the Paschal Vigil on Great Saturday night. Where the Epitaphios remains in the centre of the church, the faithful will continue to venerate it throughout Great Saturday.
Liturgy on Holy Saturday.
The Little Hours on Holy Saturday will be read near the Epitaphios, rather than the kliros; and certain portions of the Divine Liturgy that would normally be done at the ambo in front of the Holy Doors (Ektenias, reading the Gospel, the Great Entrance, etc.) are instead done in front of the Epitaphios. Only the Communion of the Faithful and the dismissal would take place at the ambo.
In some places, the entire Liturgy takes place around the Epitaphios, with it serving as the Holy Table (altar), and the clergy standing around it instead of behind the iconostasis.
Midnight Office of Pascha.
In the Slavic use, during the Midnight Office, after the Usual Beginning and Psalm 50, the Canon of Great Saturday is chanted (repeated from the Matins service the night before) as a reflection upon the meaning of Christ’s death and his Harrowing of Hell. During the last Ode of the Canon, at the words, "weep not for me, O Mother, for I shall arise...", the priest and deacon dramatically lift the Epitaphios (which represents the dead body of Christ) from the bier and carry it through the Holy Doors into the sanctuary, laying it upon the Holy Table (altar), so that its border hangs down in front of the Holy Table and is visible through the open Holy Doors. There it will remain throughout the Paschal season as a reminder of the burial cloth left in the empty tomb ().
Paschal season.
During Bright Week (Easter Week), the Holy Doors of the sanctuary remain open as a symbol of the empty tomb of Christ. The Epitaphios is clearly visible through the open doors, and thus symbolizes the winding sheet left in the tomb after the resurrection.
At the end of Bright Week, the Holy Doors are closed, but the Epitaphios remains on the Holy Table for 40 days, as a reminder of Jesus' physical appearances to his disciples from the time of his Resurrection until his Ascension into heaven.
Epitaphios of the Theotokos.
An Epitaphios of the Theotokos also exists. This too is a richly embroidered cloth icon, but depicting instead the body of the Theotokos lying in state. This is used on the feast of the Dormition of the Theotokos on 15 August, known in the West as the Assumption of Mary. The Epitaphios of the Theotokos is used with corresponding hymns of lamentation, placed on a bier, [http://home.clara.net/orthodox/theotokos_shroud.jpg and carried in procession in the same way as the Epitaphios of Christ, although it is never placed on the Holy Table.
The Rite of the "Burial of the Theotokos" began in Jerusalem, and from there it was carried to Russia, where it was used in the Uspensky (Dormition) cathedral in Moscow. Its use has slowly spread among the Russian Orthodox, though it is not by any means a standard service in all parishes, or even most cathedrals or monasteries. In Jerusalem, the service is chanted during the All-Night Vigil of the Dormition. In some Russian churches and monasteries, it is served on the third day after Dormition.

</doc>
<doc id="9749110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749110" title="Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez">
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez

Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez (born 3 April 1945) is a Spanish economist and politician, member of the Socialist Workers' Party and former Governor of the Bank of Spain. He is the younger brother of Francisco Fernández Ordóñez, also a Socialist politician, and he is married to Inés Alberdi.
Biography.
He was born in Madrid in 1945, he graduated in Law and Economic Science in the Complutense University of Madrid. He belongs to the Cuerpo de Técnicos Comerciales and State Economists.
He was secretary of State for the Economy, secretary of State for Commerce and Executive director of the International Monetary Fund. In 1992 he was appointed president of the Court of Defense of the Competition. Between 1995 and 1999 he was president of the Commission of the National Electric System. Between 2004 and March 2006 he was secretary of state for Internal Revenue. On March 10 he was appointed Counsellor of the Bank of Spain and member of its Executive Commission.
Cadena SER announced that Fernández Ordóñez would succeed Jaime Caruana as Governor of the Bank of Spain in July 2006 when Caruana finished his term. Minister of Economy and Finance Pedro Solbes confirmed this decision on June 21, 2006.
On June 12th 2012 he was replaced by Luis María Linde as governor of the Bank of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9749120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749120" title="Franck Silvestre">
Franck Silvestre

Franck Silvestre (born 5 April 1967) is a retired French footballer who played as a central defender. 
During his career, spent in two countries and with six different clubs, he played in more than 700 official games. A French international during three years, Silvestre represented the nation at Euro 1992.
Football career.
Born in Paris, Silvestre began his professional career at FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in 1985. An undisputed first-choice when he was just 18, he saw the club be relegated into the French second division in 1987, but it immediately gained promotion to the top level, also reaching the French Cup final the next year, lost against FC Metz. The player topped a great 1988 winning the UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship with France U21s.
In 1989 Silvestre, who did not play for a big team, received his first senior callup from national team boss Michel Platini, making his international debut against the Republic of Ireland; he was also selected for UEFA Euro 1992, but remained on the bench as the national side exited on the group stage – he gained a total of 11 caps, the last coming exactly in 1992.
Silvestre signed in the 1993 summer for Guy Roux's AJ Auxerre, making up for William Prunier's departure. During his years in the team, which featured Dutch Frank Verlaat, Laurent Blanc and Frédéric Danjou, he won two domestic cups and one league, including the historic 1995–96 double, also appearing in the UEFA Champions League.
In 1998, Silvestre moved to Montpellier HSC, where he again was an undisputed starter, also eventually becoming team captain. In his third year, he helped the side return to the top division, after netting a career-best nine goals (in 33 matches); eventually, in January 2003, he left for SC Bastia, contributing to a comfortable escape from relegation.
Aged already 36, Silvestre had his first abroad experience, joining SK Sturm Graz in Austria, where he continued to appear regularly, albeit without no silveware conquered. In January 2006, he signed for his last club, second division's FC Sète, not managing to help the club maintain its league status, and retiring with a total of 638 league matches played.
Personal.
Silvestre's cousin, Mikaël, was also a footballer – and a defender. During his career, he played notably for Arsenal and Manchester United, also gaining nearly 50 international caps.

</doc>
<doc id="9749127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749127" title="Heavy fermion">
Heavy fermion

In solid-state physics, heavy fermion materials are a specific type of intermetallic compound, containing elements with 4f or 5f electrons. Electrons are one type of fermion, and when they are found in such materials they are sometimes referred to as heavy electrons. Heavy fermion materials have a low-temperature specific heat whose linear term is up to 1000 times larger than the value expected from the free-electron theory. The properties of the heavy fermion compounds derive from the partly filled f-orbitals of rare earth or actinide ions which behave like localized magnetic moments. The name "heavy fermion" comes from the fact that the fermion behaves as if it has an effective mass greater than its rest mass. In the case of electrons, below a characteristic temperature (typically below 10K) the conduction electrons in these metallic compounds behave as if they had an effective mass up to 1000 times the free-electron mass. This large effective mass is also reflected in a large contribution to the resistivity from electron-electron scattering via the Kadowaki Woods ratio. Heavy fermion behavior has been found in a broad variety of states including metallic, superconducting, insulating and magnetic states. Characteristic examples are CeCu6, CeAl3, CeCu2Si2, YbAl3, UBe13 and UPt3.
Historical Overview.
Heavy fermion behavior was discovered by Andres, Graebner and Ott in 1975, who observed enormous magnitudes of the linear specific heat capacity in CeAl3.
While investigations on doped superconductors led to the conclusion that the existence of localized magnetic moments and superconductivity in one material was incompatible, the opposite was shown, when in 1979 Steglich "et al." discovered heavy fermion superconductivity in the material CeCu2Si2.
The discovery of a quantum critical point and non fermi liquid behavior in the phase diagram of heavy fermion compounds by von Löhneysen "et al." in 1995 led to a new rise of interest in the research of these compounds.
Heavy fermion materials play an important role in current scientific research, acting as prototypical materials for unconventional superconductivity, non fermi liquid behavior and quantum critically. The actual interaction between localized magnetic moments and conduction electrons in heavy fermion compounds is still not completely understood and a topic of ongoing investigation.
Properties of heavy fermion materials.
Heavy fermion materials belong to the group of strongly correlated electron systems.
Several members of the group of heavy fermion materials, become superconducting below a critical temperature. The superconductivity is unconventional.
At high temperatures heavy fermion compounds behave like normal metals and the electrons can be described as a Fermi gas, in which the electrons are assumed to be non-interacting fermions. In this case the interaction between the f-electrons, which present a local magnetic moment and the conduction electrons is neglected.
The Fermi liquid theory by Landau provides a good model to describe the properties of most heavy fermion materials at low temperatures. In this theory the electrons are described by quasiparticles, which have the same quantum numbers and charge, but the interaction of the electrons is taken into account by introducing an effective mass, which differs from the actual mass of a free electron.
Optical Properties.
In order to obtain the optical properties of heavy fermion systems, these materials have been investigated by optical spectroscopy measurements. In these experiments, the sample is irradiated by electromagnetic waves with tuneable wavelength. Measuring the reflected or transmitted light reveals the characteristic energies of the sample.
Above the characteristic coherence temperature formula_1, heavy fermion materials behave like normal metals; i.e. their optical response is described by the Drude model. But compared to a good metal, heavy fermion compounds at high temperatures have a high scattering rate because of the large density of local magnetic moments (at least one f-electron per unit cell), which cause (incoherent) Kondo scattering. Due to the high scattering rate, the conductivity for dc and at low frequencies is rather low. A conductivity roll-off (Drude roll-off) occurs at the frequency that corresponds to the relaxation rate.
Below formula_1, the localized f-electrons hybridize with the conduction electrons. This leads to the enhanced effective mass, and a hybridization gap develops. In contrast to Kondo insulators, the chemical potential of heavy fermion compounds lies within the conduction band. These changes lead to two important features in the optical response of heavy fermions.
The frequency-dependent conductivity of heavy-fermion materials can be expressed by formula_3, containing the effective mass formula_4 and the renormalized relaxation rate formula_5. Due to the large effective mass, the renormalized relaxation time is also enhanced, leading to a narrow Drude roll-off at very low frequencies compared to normal metals.
The gap-like feature in the optical conductivity represents directly the hybridization gap, which opens due to the interaction of localized f-electrons and conduction electrons. Since the conductivity does not vanish completely, the observed gap is actually a pseudogap.
Heat Capacity.
The specific heat for normal metals.
At low temperature and for normal metals, the specific heat CP consists of the specific heat of the electrons CP,el which depends linearly on temperature T and of the specific heat of the crystal lattice vibrations (phonons) CP,ph which depends cubically on temperature
with proportionality constants β and γ.
In the temperature range mentioned above, the electronic contribution is the major part of the specific heat. For the free-electron gas — a simple model system that neglects electron interaction — or metals that could be described by it, the electronic specific heat is given by
with Boltzmann's factor kB, the electron density n and the Fermi energy εF (the highest single particle energy of occupied electronic states). The proportionality constant γ is called the Sommerfeld parameter.
Relation between heat capacity and "thermal effective mass".
For electrons with a quadratic dispersion relation (as for the free-electron gas), the Fermi energy εF is inversely proportional to the particle's mass m:
where kF stands for the Fermi wave number that depends on the electron density and is the absolute value of the wave number of the highest occupied electron state. Thus, because the Sommerfeld parameter γ is inversely proportional to εF, γ is proportional to the particle's mass and for high values of γ, the metal behaves as a free electron gas in which the conduction electrons have a high thermal effective mass.
Example: heat capacity for UBe13 at low temperatures.
Experimental results for the specific heat of the heavy fermion compound UBe13 show a peak at a temperature around 0.75 K that goes down to zero with a high slope if the temperature approaches 0 K. Due to this peak, the γ-factor is much higher than for the free-electron gas in this temperature range. In contrast, above 6 K the specific heat for this heavy fermion compound approaches the value expected from free-electron theory.

</doc>
<doc id="9749129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749129" title="The Message (short story)">
The Message (short story)

"The Message" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the February 1956 issue of "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" and reprinted in the 1957 collection "Earth is Room Enough". "The Message" tells the story of how the expression Kilroy was here came to be. A very short story, it runs to 1½ pages in paperback.
Plot summary.
George Kilroy, a 30th-century historian, briefly travels in time to the twentieth century to research the life of the Second World War foot soldier. He arrives in North Africa as soldiers are landing on the beaches of Oran, and before leaving, he makes his mark on the wall of a hut.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9749151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749151" title="University College of Engineering">
University College of Engineering

University College of Engineering (UCoE), Punjab, India, was established in 2003, after consultations between the senior faculty of the University, technical experts and the Vice-Chancellor regarding the need for education in the field of engineering and technology in the state of Punjab. 
Courses.
B.Tech (4 year)
Dual Degree (B.Tech+MBA)(5 year)
M.Tech (2 year)
Plans.
The university has drawn up a master plan to be executed in three phases to provide technical education in the basic and specialized fields. Three branches leading to B.Tech. degree have been offered in the first phase. The second phase will introduce another three branches namely Micro-electronics, Power Engineering and Bio-informatics and the third phase will include further expansion, and stress on research work and establishment of a research and development centre with the participation of industry. This centre would provide solutions to the technical problems of the industry and would suggest means for growth of industry in the region.
A central placement cell has been established by Punjabi University for arranging the training and final placement of its students. Companies like Maruti Suzuki, TechMahindra, L&T, Infosys, Wipro, SAP, TATA Motors, Aricent, Airtel, Idea Cellular visit the campus every year. The cell is in touch with industry houses and arranges on and off campus interviews of its students with the executives of the industry.
Clubs for technical, cultural and literary subjects have been formed by the students.
The Punjabi University is committed to develop UCoE as a Centre of Excellence in Technical Education.

</doc>
<doc id="9749154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749154" title="Sunflower County School District">
Sunflower County School District

The Sunflower County School District (SCSD) is a public school district with its headquarters in Indianola, Mississippi in the Mississippi Delta. The district serves most of Sunflower County, including the cities of Ruleville and Moorhead, the towns of Sunflower, Inverness, and Doddsville as well as the Sunflower County portion of Shaw. As of July 1, 2012, the Drew School District was consolidated into the Sunflower County district. The Drew school district's attendance boundary included Drew, Rome, and the employee residences of the Mississippi State Penitentiary (MSP, Parchman), located in an unincorporated area.
It will become known as the Sunflower County Consolidated School District (SCCSD).
History.
In 1968 the district had 4,100 "colored" students and about 1,000 white students. At that time the district had a "freedom of choice" system. During that year Herbert Hagard, the superintendent of the school system, stated his opposition to a proposed rapid integration, arguing that doing so would cause White people to leave the school district. During that year, a local branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) asked the district to replace two school principals because the branch believed that they were not qualified educationally and mentally. The district said that it would consider the matter.
In 1986 a petition to merge the Drew School District with the Sunflower County district circulated.
In 2002 two of the district's schools had no licensed librarians. During that year a Mississippi state commission said that the district had violated accreditation standards in 2001 by not having those librarians. In 2003 the district had faced a budget deficit for the third time in a period. Judy Rhodes, the executive assistant to the state superintendent of education, said in a Board of Education meeting in Jackson, Mississippi said that "Of all the districts we're working with right now, Sunflower is the one with the most serious situation."
In 2010 State of Mississippi officials said that the management of the district should be taken over by the state government because of the existence of allegations of sexual misconduct and misuse of federal funds. On April 19, 2010, the Mississippi Department of Education took control of the school district.
In February 2012 the Mississippi Senate voted 43-4 to pass Senate Bill 2330, to consolidate the Sunflower County School District, the Drew School District, and the Indianola School District into one school district. The bill went to the Mississippi House of Representatives. Later that month, the State Board of Education approved the consolidation of the Drew School District and the Sunflower County School District, and if Senate Bill 2330 is approved, Indianola School District will be added. In May 2012 Governor of Mississippi Phil Bryant signed the bill into law, requiring all three districts to consolidate. SB2330 stipulates that if a county has three school districts all under conservatorship by the Mississippi Department of Education, they will be consolidated into one school district serving the entire county.
Schools.
Schools in the district include:
High schools:
K-8 schools:
Middle schools:
Elementary schools:
As a result of the 2012 merger with Drew School District, A. W. James Elementary School and the Drew Hunter High School became a part of the district. The high school division of Drew Hunter closed, with high school students rezoned to Ruleville Central. The secondary school is now named Drew Hunter Middle School with grades 6-8.
District offices.
Currently its headquarters are in the Main Central Office in Indianola and it has a separate North Office in Drew. The North Office is the former Drew School District headquarters.
Previously its headquarters were in the Sunflower County Courthouse in Indianola, and it had the educational services building along U.S. Route 49 West in Indianola.
Demographics.
In 1987 the district had 2,600 students.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 1,792 students enrolled in the Sunflower County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 95.42% African American, 2.29% White, 2.06% Hispanic, and 0.22% Asian. 89.6% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
School uniforms.
All students in the district are required to wear school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="9749161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749161" title="Blacksburg Electronic Village">
Blacksburg Electronic Village

The Blacksburg Electronic Village or BEV was conceived as a project of Virginia Tech in 1991 and officially born in 1993. The goal of the project was to develop an online community linking the entire town. Extensive outside research had been done by sociologists and computer scientists on this project. It has been noted as one of the most important assets that Blacksburg has besides Virginia Tech itself. 
In 1995, around 30,000 out of the 70,000 residents had access to the Internet. Two-thirds of users used the university's web servers. That means that approximately 42.86% of the town's population was on the World Wide Web. The BEV was so thoroughly integrated in the Blacksburg community, that in 1998, the town was chosen by Guinness World Records as the "Most Wired Community." If it were not for the BEV, it would be doubtful that the town could have achieved such a record.

</doc>
<doc id="9749165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749165" title="Joseph Fletcher (historian)">
Joseph Fletcher (historian)

Joseph F. Fletcher, Jr., usually referred to simply as Joseph Fletcher (1934 – 1984) was an American historian of China and Central Asia, a professor at East Asian Languages and Civilizations Department of Harvard University. His main areas of research included interaction between the Islamic and Chinese worlds, Manchu and Mongol studies.
Notable works.
Joseph Fletcher contributed several chapters ("Ch'ing Inner Asia, c. 1800", and others) to vol. 10 of The Cambridge History of China:
Joseph Fletcher's posthumously published work, "The Naqshbandiyya in Northwest China" (Variorum, 1995), remains one of the main English-languages sources on the introduction of Sufism into China, and is extensively cited by practically all books in English on Islam in China published since then.

</doc>
<doc id="9749180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749180" title="Thermal effective mass">
Thermal effective mass

The thermal effective mass of electrons in a metal is the apparent mass due to interactions with the periodic potential of the crystal lattice, with phonons (e.g. phonon drag), and interaction with other electrons. The resulting effective mass of electrons contributes to the electronic heat capacity of the metal, leading to deviations from the heat capacity of a free electron gas.

</doc>
<doc id="9749187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749187" title="St. John's Seminary">
St. John's Seminary

St. John's Seminary may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9749213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749213" title="Drew School District">
Drew School District

The Drew School District was a public school district based in Drew, Mississippi (USA). The school district's attendance boundary included Drew, Rome, and the employee residences of the Mississippi State Penitentiary (Parchman), located in an unincorporated area. As of July 1, 2012, the district was consolidated with the Sunflower County School District.
History.
In 1967 civil rights activist Mae Bertha Carter and Marian Wright Edelman, a lawyer who worked for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc., sued the Drew School District to challenge the Mississippi "freedom of choice" law. In 1969 the plaintiffs won the suit. Carter's children were the first black students to attend White schools in Drew. In 1969 a court order ended the segregation system in the Drew School District.
After Drew School District was desegregated, White residents of Drew enrolled their children in North Sunflower Academy.
In 1986 a petition to merge the district with the Sunflower County School District circulated. John Q. West, a board member of the Drew School District, said during that year that "I'm afraid we're going to end up having neighbor against neighbor."
In June 2011 the Mississippi Board of Education voted to take over the Drew School District. In February 2012 the Mississippi Senate voted 43-4 to pass Senate Bill 2330, to consolidate the Drew School District, the Indianola School District, and the Sunflower County School District into one school district. The bill went to the Mississippi House of Representatives. Later that month, the State Board of Education approved the consolidation of the Drew School District and the Sunflower County School District, and if Senate Bill 2330 is approved, Indianola School District will be added. In May 2012 Governor of Mississippi Phil Bryant signed the bill into law, requiring all three districts to consolidate. SB2330 stipulates that if a county has three school districts all under conservatorship by the Mississippi Department of Education will have them consolidated into one school district serving the entire county.
The district headquarters became the North Office of the county school district.
Schools.
At the time of closure, the district's schools were Drew Hunter High School and A.W. James Elementary School. Prior to the 2010-2011 school year the school district had three school buildings, including A.W. James Elementary School, Hunter Middle School, and Drew High School. James served K-4, Hunter served 5-8, and Drew High served 9-12. In 2010 the school district voted to close the Drew High School building and move the 5th and 6th grades to A.W. James. John Thigpen, the president of the school board, stated that the district operated as if it had 1,200 students when in fact it had 650. Effective August 1, 2011, all students will be required to wear school uniforms.
The high school division of Drew Hunter closed after the merger took its course. High school students were rezoned to Ruleville Central High School. The secondary school is now named Drew Hunter Middle School with grades 6-8.
Demographics.
In 2008, 90% of the students at Drew High School were black.
District profile and population.
The Drew School district was in northern Sunflower County, in the central Mississippi Delta region and along U.S. Highway 49 West. The district consisted of of farmland, and as of 2005 about 7,500 people lived within the boundaries of the district. The school district was in the center of an area surrounded by four larger towns, Clarksdale, Cleveland, Greenwood, and Indianola, which function as shopping centers. The school district's attendance boundary included Drew, Rome, and the employee residences of the Mississippi State Penitentiary (MSP, Parchman), located in an unincorporated area.
As of 2005 most adult residents of the district had high school diplomas or less education. Major employers included the school district, the Mississippi Department of Corrections (operator of MSP), and farming operations which produced beans, catfish, cotton, and rice. Some residents worked in factories and other businesses located in Clarksdale, Cleveland, Indianola, and Ruleville.
As of the same year within the district boundaries were two banks, about 20 churches, a National Guard armory, a library, and three parks. Three higher education institutions were within of the school district.

</doc>
<doc id="9749219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749219" title="Bible Tower">
Bible Tower

The Bible Tower is situated in Thrissur city of Kerala, India. It was inaugurated on January 7, 2007. The tower is the tallest church tower in India and Asia. It is also the tallest structure in whole of Kerala. The 260 feet tower stands tall elegantly behind two towers of 140 feet height. The building has been certified as earthquake-proof by officials of the Geology Department of India. The red cross on the top of the Bible Tower is lit to "show the presence of the Roman Catholic Church in Thrissur." It can be seen from anywhere in the Thrissur city. In the tower we can see child hood of Christ carved in wood, healing of Jesus depicted in stained glass, miracles of Jesus in brass, sufferings of Jesus Christ in oil paints, beautiful painting of apostles in terra cotta, mural paintings of the life history of St.Thomas, and glorious resurrection of Jesus depicted in canvas.
History.
The foundation stone of the Basilica of Our Lady of Dolours was laid on December 21, 1929 by Mar Francis Vazhapilly, the late Archbishop of Thrissur. The church was blessed on November 24, 1940. When the church built, they also built two bell towers in the front of the church in 140 feet and envisaged another bell tower in the back of the church in 260 feet. The reconstruction of that bell tower started in 2002 when the Bishop of Thrissur Mar Andrews Thazhath was the rector of the Basilica. In 2004 when all the bishops of India were present in Thrissur for the CBCI General Assembly held in Thrissur, Cardinal Daud Moosa blessed that tower in the name "Bible Tower".
Facilities.
The tower has facilities for viewing the City of Thrissur over an area of 18 kilometres. A passenger lift is available up to 160 feet where a viewers' platform has been made to accommodate 250 persons. The viewers have to climb the steps from there to the top of the tower. There is a red cross on the top of the Bible Tower which can be seen from anywhere of the City of Thrissur and it represents the presence of the Catholics in City of Thrissur.

</doc>
<doc id="9749227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749227" title="George Winthrop Fairchild">
George Winthrop Fairchild

George Winthrop Fairchild (May 6, 1854 – December 31, 1924), was a six-term Republican U.S. Representative from New York. 
Prior to joining congress, he was a businessman and investor, best known as the chairman from 1915 to 1924 of the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company which later became IBM.
Biography.
He was born in Oneonta, New York, to Jesse and Belle Fairchild.
His father was a poor farmer. George and his siblings had to help their father on the farm and had little opportunity to study. He attended the local school until he was 14 years old, when he apprenticed to a printer.
Primarily self-educated, he rose to prominence through his own effort and enterprise.
In 1890, He became the sole proprietor of the Oneonta "Herald", a weekly newspaper.
He was a pioneer in the time recording industry. In 1896, in association with his friend Harlow N. Bundy, he joined the Bundy Manufacturing Company, a time clock manufacturer, as both an investor and director. In 1900 Fairchild formed the International Time Recording Company as the selling agency of the Bundy Manufacturing Company, Willard and Frick Manufacturing Company, and Standard Time Stamp Company, which also manufactured a card recorder.
In 1911, when the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company was formed through the efforts of Charles R. Flint, Fairchild became president of the new company.
He later became chairman of the company and continued in this role when, in February 1924, C-T-R was renamed as IBM. He was chairman of IBM until his death on December 31, 1924.
Congressional career.
Apart from manufacturing and journalism, Fairchild was a seasoned politician. He was elected as a Republican to the Sixtieth and to the five succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1907 – March 3, 1919) while elected delegate to Republican National Convention from New York, 1912 and 1916.
Fairchild was elected vice president of the International Peace Conference.
He was appointed by President Taft on August 10, 1910, as special commissioner to the First Centenary of Mexico at Mexico City, with the rank of Minister.
Marriage and family.
He married Josephine Mills Sherman, daughter of William Sherman, of Davenport, Iowa, on February 15, 1891. 
They had a son, Sherman Mills Fairchild, who was born on April 7, 1896.
His home in Oneonta, known as the Fairchild Mansion, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9749236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749236" title="Phonon drag">
Phonon drag

Phonon drag is an increase in the effective mass of conduction electrons or valence holes due to interactions with the crystal lattice in which the electron moves. As an electron moves past atoms in the lattice its charge distorts or polarizes the nearby lattice. This effect leads to a decrease in the electron (or hole, as may be the case) mobility, which results in a decreased conductivity. However, as the magnitude of the Seebeck coefficient increases with phonon drag, it may be beneficial in a thermoelectric material for direct energy conversion applications. The magnitude of this effect is typically appreciable only at low temperatures (<200 K).
Phonons are not always in local thermal equilibrium; they move against the thermal gradient. They lose momentum by interacting with electrons (or other carriers) and imperfections in the crystal. If the phonon-electron interaction is predominant, the phonons will tend to push the electrons to one end of the material, losing momentum in the process. This contributes to the already present thermoelectric field. This contribution is most important in the temperature region where phonon-electron scattering is predominant. This happens for
where θD is the Debye temperature. At lower temperatures there are fewer phonons available for drag, and at higher temperatures they tend to lose momentum in phonon-phonon scattering instead of phonon-electron scattering.
This region of the Seebeck coefficient-versus-temperature function is highly variable under a magnetic field.
References.
Kittel, Charles (1996) Introduction to Solid State Physics, 7th Ed., John Wiley and Sons, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9749251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749251" title="WBEM Services Specification">
WBEM Services Specification

JSR 48 Java WBEM API Specification is a Java Specification Request developed under the Java Community Process. It specifies the Java language binding of the DMTF Common Information Model/Web-Based Enterprise Management standards. The JSR 48 Expert Group has completed the public review in 2006 and is now on the way to create a Technology Compatibility Kit in order to finalize the standard. The API can be regarded as stable.
JSR 48 requires Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE; formerly J2SE) 7 or higher.
API content.
WS JSR-48 API
The API is composed of 5 packages:
Implementations.
WS provides a JSR-48 implementation as part of the WS SDK Pro, WS also uses JSR-48 for the WS J WBEM Server and WAVE (WBEM Agent Validation Environment)
The SBLIM CIM Client for Java adopted the JSR 48 API.
It has been stated that the OpenPegasus project will use JSR 48 for their JMPI provider interface, although status about this is not yet available.

</doc>
<doc id="9749258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749258" title="Jonny's Golden Quest">
Jonny's Golden Quest

"Jonny's Golden Quest" is a 1993 animated television movie produced by Hanna-Barbera and originally aired on the USA cable channel. It attempts to fill back-story holes that were left unexplored in the original "Jonny Quest" cartoon series. It was in particular a follow-up to "The New Adventures of Jonny Quest", with the same actors voicing Dr. Quest (Don Messick, also from the original), Race Bannon (Granville Van Dusen) and Hadji (Rob Paulsen).
It cannibalized the storyline of that series' episode "Deadly Junket," wherein a little girl appears to ask the Quest party to help her find her missing father, a scientist kidnapped by Dr. Zin. Here, the girl is ultimately revealed to have been lying about her identity, and her parents are really Race and his romantic interest from two episodes of the original series, Jade (voice of JoBeth Williams).
This television film states that they had wed, quickly realized that marriage and intelligence work did not go together, and had the union dissolved. Subsequently discovering her pregnancy, Jade never told her ex-husband.
DVD release.
On August 9, 2011, Warner Bros. released "Jonny's Golden Quest" on DVD in region 1 via their Warner Archive Collection. This is a manufacture-on-demand release, available exclusively through Warner's online store and only in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="9749272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749272" title="Peter Visser">
Peter Visser

Peter John Visser (born 10 May 1960) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played for the Central Districts in the State Championship and in the State Shield in the 1980s. He also played for the Nelson in the Hawke Cup. He was born in Waikari.

</doc>
<doc id="9749274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749274" title="St. John's Seminary (California)">
St. John's Seminary (California)

St. John's Seminary is a Roman Catholic seminary located in Camarillo, California. It is within the Santa Barbara Pastoral Region of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. The seminarians prepare for assignments in dioceses as well as religious orders. St. John's offers the Master of Divinity degree as a first professional degree for seminarians. If interested in theological studies and research, eligible seminarians can also concurrently earn a Master of Arts. The seminary offers a Master of Arts in Pastoral Ministry for non-seminarians who are interested in lay ministry.
History.
St. John's Seminary began teaching seminarians on September 12, 1939. Juan Camarillo, Jr. donated of land from his Rancho Calleguas on March 3, 1927 with the specific desire to have the land used for a seminary named for St. John the Evangelist. On January 14, 1938, John J. Cantwell announced the planned construction of the seminary. The Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada first accredited St. John's in 1976; it had previously been accredited by the American Association of Theological Schools and the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
Beginning in 1961, St. John's granted bachelor's degrees through its subsidiary St. John's Seminary College. Following a 2002 report from a task force appointed by Roger Mahony, the Archdiocese of Los Angeles closed the undergraduate portion of the seminary. Only 12 seminarians graduated in 2002, and the Archdiocese chose to focus solely on graduate training. The task force also scheduled a 2005 review to see if St. John's should be entirely closed with Loyola Marymount University taking over the school's functions; this shutdown has not come to pass. The diocese agreed to sell most of the seminary's land, including the area used for undergraduate study, in 2004, for a price which was dependent on the sort of zoning approval the land would receive.
Library.
Carrie Estelle Doheny donated her rare book collection to St. John's Seminary in 1940. The collection was sold at auction in 1988-89.
Controversy.
Of the approximately 625 St. John's graduates to be ordained by the Los Angeles Archdiocese between 1950 and 2005, 65 had been accused by 2005 of molesting the underaged, reflecting a rate higher than what studies have found for U.S. priests in general. A seminary spokesman noted California's then-extended statute of limitations on molestation lawsuits, and suggested that a wave of publicity on molestation by priests had made their graduates targets of such accusations. Four days after the "Los Angeles Times" reported this information, the paper ran a letter to the editor from St. John's rector Helmut A. Hefner. He stated that reforms had been implemented in the seminary, and that from 1985 to 2005, of the 155 priests ordained at St. John's Seminary for the archdiocese, 2 had been accused of sexual misconduct.
Further, the lede to a 2002 "Newsweek" article entitled "Gays in the Seminary" opened by interviewing a recent alumnus: St. John's "may be one of the country's gayest facilities for higher education. Depending on whom you ask, gay and bisexual men make up anywhere from 30 percent to 70 percent of the student body at the college and graduate levels."

</doc>
<doc id="9749285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749285" title="Maiden Peak (Oregon)">
Maiden Peak (Oregon)

Maiden Peak is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon. It is the highest point in the distance between Mount Bachelor and Diamond Peak. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain, exposing magma which hardened in the volcano's conduits to form the numerous rock pinnacles now found in the upper part of the cirque.
The summit of Maiden Peak consists of a steeper cinder cone which sits atop the underlying shield volcano. It is located on the Cascade Crest, which forms the border between Lane County and Deschutes County.
A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in 1923, but destroyed in 1958. A trail zigzags up to the summit from the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="9749291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749291" title="Brother Jacob">
Brother Jacob

Brother Jacob may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9749293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749293" title="Robert Kinoshita">
Robert Kinoshita

Robert Kinoshita (born February 24, 1914) is an artist, art director, and set and production designer who worked in the American film and television industries from the 1950s through the early 1980s.
Biography.
Kinoshita is best known as the designer of three of the most famous robots in science fiction: Tobor from the 1954 film "Tobor the Great" as well as the 1957 television pilot "Here Comes Tobor"; Robby the Robot from the films "Forbidden Planet" in 1956 and "The Invisible Boy" in 1957; and "B9 Environmental Control" robot from the 1960s TV series "Lost in Space", who was called "Robot".
Created at a cost of anywhere between $125,000 and $1,000,000 — depending on which source is quoted — and measuring around 7 feet tall, Robby the Robot was the result of the efforts of a number of individuals, although the final design as it appeared in "Forbidden Planet" is usually attributed to Kinoshita, who was head draftsman of the art department, and who produced the working drawings and blueprints for Robby’s construction under the supervision of art director A. Arnold “Buddy” Gillespie at MGM.
Around April 1965, Irwin Allen hired Kinoshita as the art director for the "Lost in Space" series. Of the many tasks to befall Kinoshita, two of them were to come up with a robot (which he nicknamed "Blinky") and to redesign the pilot film's "Gemini XII" space ship into what would become the "Jupiter 2". This robot never had a real name—only the model number "B9." In the show he was referred to as "the robot" or called by the generic name, "Robot." He was brought to life by the combination of actor Bob May and voice actor Dick Tufeld.
Two of Kinoshita's famous robots appeared faceplate-to-faceplate in the "Lost in Space" episodes "War of the Robots" and "Condemned of Space", where Robby the Robot appeared as a guest robotoid and robot, respectively. Among his credits are art direction on four other well-known TV shows: "Highway Patrol" (1955–1959), "Bat Masterson" (1960–1961), "Hawaii Five-O" (1970–1971), and "Kojak" (1973–1974). The B9 robot fan club provided photos of Kinoshita on his 94th birthday as well as an interview. He turned 100 in February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9749298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749298" title="Hizen-Yamaguchi Station">
Hizen-Yamaguchi Station

Station layout.
It is an above ground station with 3 platforms and 5 tracks. Two platforms are islands, and one is a side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="9749301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749301" title="St. Lawrence School">
St. Lawrence School

St. Lawrence High School is a secondary school located in Borivali, a suburban area located in the north-west section of Mumbai island, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is a co-ed school belonging to the St. Xavier's group of schools founded by Mr. Pinto. It has state as well as Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) syllabus.

</doc>
<doc id="9749302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749302" title="Fujian People's Government">
Fujian People's Government

The People's Revolutionary Government of the Republic of China (1933–1934) (), also known as the Fujian People's Government (Chinese: 福建人民革命政府; pinyin: "Fújiàn Rénmín Zhèngfǔ"), was a short-lived anti-Kuomintang government in the Republic of China's Fujian Province. The rebellion that led to its formation and its collapse are known as the Fujian Incident (閩變 "Mǐnbiàn" or 福建事變 "Fújiàn Shìbiàn") or Fujian Rebellion.
In November 1933, some leaders of the National Revolutionary Army's 19th Route Army including Cai Tingkai, Chen Mingshu, and Jiang Guangnai, who had gained fame for their role in the January 28 Incident, were deployed to southern China to suppress communist rebellion, but instead they negotiated peace with the rebels. In alliance with other Kuomintang forces under Li Jishen (李濟深), the 19th Route leaders broke with Chiang Kai-shek and took control of Fujian where they were stationed and, on November 22 1933, proclaimed a new government. The chairman of the government was Li Jishen, Eugene Chen (陳友仁) was foreign minister, Jiang Guangnai was finance minister, and Cai Tingkai was military head and governor of Fujian Province. A flag of red (proletariat) over blue (peasantry) with a yellow star was used and the Chinese era name of the new state was "Republic of China" (中華共和國) with its founding being year one. The 19th Route Army was renamed the People's Revolutionary Army.
Chen Mingshu led the newly created Productive People's Party while it had support from the "Third Party". The Chinese Youth Party considered supporting them but were put off by their leftism and lack of realistic sustainability. The rebellion initially enjoyed popular support among most Fujianese but high taxes to support the army decreased its popularity. In addition, the new government's decision to break continuity by issuing a new flag, new symbols, and occasionally removing the portrait of Sun Yat-sen caused hesitation in many quarters. After adopting a wait and see approach, the New Guangxi clique declined to support the rebels.Feng Yuxiang was widely expected to be supportive but he stayed silent. Chen Jitang and Hu Hanmin were sympathetic to their goals but condemned them for dividing the country. The fear of a new civil war at a time of Japanese aggression was the biggest reason why the rebellion had very little popularity.
The rebels were motivated by, among other things, personal disagreements with Chiang Kai-shek, opposition to perceived appeasement of Japan, and their assignment to the then relatively poor Fujian. The goals of the new government included the overthrowing of the Kuomintang government in Nanjing, various social and political reforms, and a stronger resistance to foreign interference in China. The rebellion brought a temporary halt to the central government's Fifth Encirclement Campaign in southeast China. However, implied or promised aid to the rebellion from the Communist Party's Jiangxi Soviet failed to materialize due to opposition by the 28 Bolsheviks and the effort began to collapse.
The Kuomintang responded to the rebellion first with air attacks and, in January 1934, with a ground offensive that quickly led to the defeat to the formerly prestigious 19th Route Army. On 13 January 1934, the government was defeated and its leaders fled or defected to Chiang Kai-shek's forces.

</doc>
<doc id="9749305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749305" title="High Commissioner for Southern Africa">
High Commissioner for Southern Africa

The British office of High Commissioner for Southern Africa was responsible for governing British possessions in Southern Africa, latterly the protectorates Basutoland (now Lesotho), the Bechuanaland Protectorate (now Botswana) and Swaziland, as well as for relations with autonomous governments in the area. 
The office was combined with that of Governor of Cape Colony from 1847 to 1901, with that of the Governor of Transvaal Colony 1901 to 1910, and with that of Governor-General of South Africa from 1910 to 1931. The government in U.K. appointed the Governor-General as High Commissioner under a separate commission. In addition to responsibility for Basutoland, Bechuanaland and Swaziland, he held reserve powers concerning the interests of the Native population of Southern Rhodesia 
The post was abolished on 1 Aug 1964. 
The High Commission Territories.
The High Commissioner was responsible for governing the following territories, in each case represented by a Resident Commissioner:

</doc>
<doc id="9749317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749317" title="Constant maturity credit default swap">
Constant maturity credit default swap

A constant maturity credit default swap (CMCDS) is a type of credit derivative product, similar to a standard credit default swap (CDS). Addressing CMCDS typically requires prior understanding of credit default swaps. 
In a CMCDS the protection buyer makes periodic payments to the protection seller (these payments constitute the premium leg), and in return receives a payoff (protection or default leg) if an underlying financial instrument defaults. Differently from a standard CDS, the premium leg of a CMCDS does not pay a fixed and pre-agreed amount but a floating spread, using a traded CDS as a reference index. More precisely, given a pre-assigned time-to-maturity, at any payment instant of the premium leg the rate that is offered is indexed at a traded CDS spread on the same reference credit existing in that moment for the pre-assigned time-to-maturity (hence the name "constant maturity" CDS). The default or protection leg is mostly the same as the leg of a standard CDS. Often CMCDS are expressed in terms of participation rate. The participation rate may be defined as the ratio between the present value of the premium leg of a standard CDS with the same final maturity and the present value of the premium leg of the constant maturity CDS. CMCDS may be combined with CDS on the same entity to take only spread risk and not default risk on an entity. Indeed, as the default leg is the same, buying a CDS and selling a CMCDS or vice versa will offset the default legs and leave only the difference in the premium legs, that are driven by spread risk. 
Valuation of CMCDS has been explored by Damiano Brigo (2004) and Anlong Li (2006)

</doc>
<doc id="9749325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749325" title="Italian People's Party (1919)">
Italian People's Party (1919)

The Italian People's Party ("Partito Popolare Italiano", PPI) was a Christian democratic political party in Italy, inspired by Catholic social teaching. It was founded in 1919 by Luigi Sturzo, a Sicilian Catholic priest. The PPI was backed by Pope Benedict XV to oppose the Italian Socialist Party (PSI).
In the 1919 general election, the first in which the PPI took part, the party won 20.5% of the vote and 100 seats in the Chamber of Deputies, a result virtually confirmed in 1921. The PPI was the second largest Italian political party after the PSI at the time. Its heartlands were interior Veneto and north-western Lombardy. In 1919 the party won 42.6% in Veneto (49.4% in Vicenza), 30.1% in Lombardy (64.3% in Bergamo), 24.4% in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, 27.3% in the Marche and 26.2% in Lazio, while it was much weaker in Piedmont and in Southern Italy.
The PPI was divided mainly into two factions: the "Christian Democrats" were favourable to an accord with the Socialists, while the "Moderate Clericalists" supported an alliance with the liberal parties, what eventually happened. The latter included Alcide De Gasperi. Some Populars took part in Benito Mussolini's first government in 1922, leading the party to a division between opponents of Mussolini and those who supported him. These eventually joined the National Fascist Party. Most of the PPI members later took part in Christian Democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="9749330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749330" title="Yūga Yamato">
Yūga Yamato

She is from Bunkyō, Tokyo; her birthday is August 4.
Biography.
With her youthful appearance, she is considered as the Yūki Amami since she launched her career in Takarazuka in 1995. She was one of the promising young stars that were promoted by the company in 1999 (along with Sumire Haruno, the former top star for Flower Troupe and Hikaru Asami, the former top star for Snow Troupe). Before she was promoted to top star, she was considered as one of top-stars-in-waiting along with Kei Takashiro, the former top star for Cosmos Troupe, Kei Aran, the current top star for Star Troupe, Jun Sena, the current top star for Moon Troupe, and Natsuki Mizu, the current top star of Snow Troupe.
Even when she was in her underclassman years, she was already in some roles that were quite inside the nuclear cast of the regular cast production. Along with Yūhi Ōzora and Hiromu Kiriya, they were the major trio for the young batch in Moon Troupe. When the trio were still underclassmen, they were always cast in the title roles for the new actor production alternatively.
However, her career gained a boost when Jun Shibuki became the top star for Moon Troupe; while she became the second man for Shibuki. In 2003, she was transferred to Cosmos Troupe, rejoining Natsuki Mizu, former troupe mate from Moon Troupe. It seemed that she had been downgraded when she is in the role of Rolan Sabatier (considered a role for a third-tier actor) in "Lightning in the Daytime". But it was proven wrong when she was in the role of Barak in "Calaf & Turandot" in the Hakataza Theater performance (replacing Mizu who had a Bow Hall performance at the same time). In the same year, she went on stage with Kei Aran of Star Troupe for "Singin' in the Rain".
Same as Mizu, she had a special appearance in 2004 for the Star Troupe in "A Love Story in 1914" and "Ch'Ang-an: Full of Swirling Flowers" (replacing Kei Aran in the Hakataza Theater performance). Also she got her solo lead performance "The Last Party: S.Fitzgerald’s Last Day" at Bow Hall.
In 2005, with the sudden troupe transfer for Mizu, she became the solo second man for Yōka Wao. With the resignment of Wao and her successor Kei Takashiro, she became the fourth top star for the youngest troupe of the company, and the youngest of the five.
In 2013, she starred in the "Sera Myu" revival as Tuxedo Mask, and made her TV drama debut in the series "Higanjima".

</doc>
<doc id="9749356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749356" title="Delamar Dry Lake">
Delamar Dry Lake

Delamar Dry Lake is a dry lakebed located in the Dry Lake Watershed near Alamo in Lincoln County, Nevada. The lakebed is located on federal land administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
Delamar Dry Lake Landing Strip.
Delamar Lake Landing Strip, established in 1943, was designated as an emergency landing site for the X-15. No structures were built there. The lake bed remains but it is no longer maintained as an airport.
Delamar was listed as having one runway:
However, on a dry lake bed an aircraft may actually land in any direction.
History.
Delamar Lake Landing Strip was one of the designated emergency landing sites for the X-15 because it was underneath the Delamar Dry Lake Drop Zone where the X-15s were drop-launched from the B-52 for high altitude and space flights.
On May 21, 1962, X-15 pilot Neil Armstrong (later a Gemini and Apollo astronaut) flew an F-104 to Delamar Dry Lake in case it would be needed for an upcoming X-15 flight. The F-104 was damaged in the landing attempt at Delamar when the landing gear began to retract. Armstrong got the plane back in the air and diverted to Nellis AFB in Las Vegas.
During Flight 1-63-104 on May 6, 1966, an X-15 experienced an engine failure and landed at Delamar Dry Lake.
The US Air Force now refers to Delamar Dry Lake Bed as "Texas Lake" because of its resemblance to the state of Texas from the air. 
An eyewitness report regarding the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster came from a camper who was at Delamar Dry Lake on the morning of February 1, 2003. The eyewitness saw the space shuttle cross the pre-dawn sky, as well as a bright flash in the contrail. Minutes later, the camper saw two "twinkles" descend into mountains perceived to be nearby. NASA considered this report credible enough to analyze radar data and send a ground search crew to the area to look for debris. None was found.

</doc>
<doc id="9749408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749408" title="Work order">
Work order

A work order or job order (sometimes job ticket or work ticket, as it often has some type of ticket attached) is an order received by an organization from a customer or client, or an order created internally within the organization. A work order may be for products or services. 
In a manufacturing environment, a work order is converted from a sales order to show that work is about to begin on the manufacture, building or engineering of the products requested by the customer. In a service environment, a work order can be equivalent to a service order where the WO records the location, date and time the service is carried out and the nature of work that is done. The type of personnel (e.g. job position) may also be listed on the WO. A rate (e.g. $/hr, $/week) and also the total amount of hours worked and total value is also shown on the work order.
A work order may be a maintenance or repair request from students, faculty or staff in a university.
Orders received from outside an organization are often dispatched (reviewed and scheduled) before being executed. Work orders may be for preventive maintenance
Contractors may use a single job work order and invoice form that contains the customer information, describes the work performed, lists charges for material and labor, and can be given to the customer as an invoice.
A job order is an internal document extensively used by projects-based, manufacturing, building and fabrication businesses. A job order may be for products and/or services. In a manufacturing environment, a job order is used to signal the start of a manufacturing process and will most probably be linked to a bill of material. Hence, the job order will probably state:
In a service environment, a job order can be the equivalent to a work or service order where the job order records the location, date and time the service is carried out and the nature of service that was carried out. The type of personnel (e.g. job position) may also be listed on the job order. A rate (e.g. $/hr, $/week) and also the total amount of hours worked and total value is also shown.

</doc>
<doc id="9749452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749452" title="Lake Shikotsu">
Lake Shikotsu

Geography.
Lake Shikotsu is located in the south-west part of Hokkaidō. It has an average depth of and a maximum depth of , making it the second deepest lake in Japan, after Lake Tazawa. It is the 8th-largest lake by surface area in Japan and the second largest of Japan's caldera lakes, surpassed only by Lake Kussharo. It is surrounded by three volcanos: Mount Eniwa to the north and Mount Fuppushi and Mount Tarumae to the south. The caldera formed in the holocene when the land between the volcanos subsided.
Due to its depth, the volume of Lake Shikotsu reaches 3/4 of the volume of Lake Biwa, Japan's largest lake, despite of having only 1/9 of that lake's surface area. Due to the small surface area to depth ratio, the water temperature remains quite constant throughout the year, making it the northernmost ice-free lake in Japan. The Bifue, Okotanpe, Ninaru and Furenai rivers feed into it, and its main outlet is the Chitose River.
Geology.
The caldera on which Lake Shikotsu sits was formed 40 to 50 thousand years ago. According to the Global Volcanism Program, the caldera was formed 31 to 34 thousand years ago by one of Hokkaidō's largest quaternary eruptions. The caldera consists mainly of dacite, rhyolite, and andesite. The volcanoes Mount Tarumae, Mount Eniwa, and Mount Fuppushi formed on the rim of this caldera.
Origin of the name.
The name of Lake Shikotsu derives from the Ainu language "shikot", meaning big depression or hollow. To the Japanese, this sounded too much like , so they attempted to rename it "engi", but this name did not stick.
Use.
The red salmon (locally called "chippu"), introduced from Lake Akan in 1895, has become a noted product of the area and chippu fishing is now a favourite pastime in summer. A visitor centre, various campgrounds and Onsen provide facilities for tourists coming to the area.
Chitose is famous for its Indian Fish Wheel, a device situated in Chitose River to collect salmon returning to spawn at Lake Shikotsu.
Transport.
National Highway 276 runs along the southern bank, connecting the lake with Tomakomai and Date. Highway 453 runs from the eastern and northern parts of the lake to Sapporo.
City bus routes from Chitose lead to the lake. Hokkaidō-Chūō buses connect Shikotsu-ko with Chitose Station and New Chitose Airport. In the summer, there is also a bus from Sapporo Terminal. The former bus service between the lake and Tomakomai has been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="9749470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749470" title="List of The Jeffersons supporting characters">
List of The Jeffersons supporting characters

The television series "The Jeffersons" featured several supporting characters. An incomplete list of these characters appears below.
Helen Willis.
Helen Willis (née Douglas) (portrayed by Roxie Roker, except for her first appearance in "All in the Family", when she was portrayed by Kim Hamilton) is Louise's best friend and George's worst nightmare. She has been married to Tom Willis for 34 years. Tom is white, and Helen is black, which was a renowned aspect of the show. George, disliking racially mixed-marriages, constantly called both Helen and Tom "zebra" or "chocolate and vanilla". Helen often strikes back by calling him "shorty." As well, George enjoys calling Tom "honky", but he learned to get along with the two in later years during the sitcom. In the fourth season, Helen works with Louise as volunteers at a service facility called "The Help Center", which opened in 1977. There is also a mention that she and Louise were the editors of the center's newsletter, a post the two decide to share after the drama of episode 67. Helen and Tom have two children: Jennifer "Jenny" Willis (Berlinda Tolbert) and Allan Willis (Jay Hammer).
Tom Willis.
Thomas "Tom" Willis portrayed by Franklin Cover, except for his first appearance in "All in the Family", when he was portrayed by Charles Aidman as Louis Willis) is an author and president of his publishing company, Pelham Publishers. He lives a content life with his wife Helen. Tom is white and Helen is black. Because of this racial mixing, they are often the butt of George's insults and jokes. Tom and Helen, however, both learned to ignore the bigotry of their neighbor. In their initial appearance on the parent show Tom states that they had met "his" kind—black and white—and they always handled it. His daughter, Jenny Willis (who is the one most resembling her mother in skin color cases), marries George's son, Lionel, in 1976. He develops a strong relationship with Jenny, but was never close to his "white" son, Allan Willis (Jay Hammer) because he never finished school and left New York City and stayed in Paris for two years. They were never close with each other for the reason they have their own differences. While Allan chooses to be care-free, Tom thinks he should settle down and find a job to ensure a profitable future. 
As the series went on (particularly after Lionel and Jenny married), George and Tom eventually became good friends (though George still continued to make jokes about Tom's weight as Sherman Hemsley felt that it would be insulting to continue the racially-themed insults after their characters became friends).
Additionally, Tom is a caring person, but often dominated by his wife. He also is ridiculed occasionally due to his weight. He is known to be a horrible dancer, as indicated in a few episodes. He also occasionally reluctantly goes along with George's constant schemes but for the most part prefers to be left out of them.
Mother Olivia Jefferson.
Portrayed by Zara Cully, "Mother Jefferson" is Henry and George's mother. Her first appearance was in the "All in the Family" episode, "Lionel's Engagement," where she takes offense at being referred to as "mammy," by Archie Bunker, who thinks the term is a variation of "mommy." Mother Jefferson is a catty, disparaging, and antagonistic mother-in-law to Louise, while appearing to be practically a sweet old lady to everyone else. Mother Jefferson is one of the stereotypical mothers-in-law who think their daughter-in-law isn't good enough for their son. In nearly every episode she was seen in, she is usually tormenting Louise by criticizing her cooking, her age, or her overall character, but Louise frequently came back at her with a witty albeit sarcastic response. (On a couple of rare occasions, however, Mother Jefferson sides with Louise, when she takes offense at George's boorish or sexist behavior.) A long-running gag had Mother Jefferson blissfully ignorant of how much alcohol she actually consumes, usually in the form of a Bloody Mary, which she stated she drank "for the vitamins". 
Cully had been absent from the first 17 episodes of Season Three due to a serious case of pneumonia caused by a collapsed lung. Upon recovering she returned for a few episodes, noticeably thinner and more frail. She died early in Season Four, and the writers decided to eliminate Mother Jefferson's character rather than replace her with a different actress. No special episode was created centering on her death, but it was briefly referenced in the second episode of the Fifth Season, ""Homecoming (pt 1)"". "Mother Jefferson" is deceased.
Jenny Willis Jefferson.
Jennifer "Jenny" Willis Jefferson (portrayed by Berlinda Tolbert, except for her first appearance in "All in the Family", when she was portrayed by Lynne Moody) is the only daughter of Helen and Tom Willis, the younger of their two children. Jenny is an intelligent person, finishing college with her boyfriend, Lionel Jefferson. At first, George often disapproved of Jenny loving Lionel merely because she is, in George's own word, a "zebra". George calls her this because her mother is black, but her father is white, thereby by making her biracial. However, after George discovered Jenny was pregnant with his grandchild, he changed his ways and became much more accepting of her. In 1976, Jenny marries Lionel, though they divorced in 1985 after nine years of marriage. She has a daughter named Jessica (played by Erin Hollin and Leslie Hollin (Seasons 6-7) and later by Ebonie Smith (Seasons 10-11).
At first, Jenny disliked her brother Allan when he came home after two years in Paris, mainly because she turned out "black" and he turned out "white". But as siblings go, they reconcile and return their love for each other. Their love stayed strong, as Jenny asked Allan to be Jessica's godfather. But since Allan was snowed in, Harry Bentley was to be the proxy.
Allan Willis.
Allan Willis (Andrew Harold Rubin/Jay Hammer) is the Willis' only son and older brother of Jenny. Andrew Rubin appears as this character in the first season finale episode entitled "Jenny's Low" (aired on April 12, 1975), in which Allan returns from Europe, and is given the "Cold Shoulder" by his sister, Jenny (Berlinda Tolbert). Jenny starts staying at the Jeffersons' apartment as long as Allan stayed at their own home. She was somewhat jealous of Allan turning out to be "white". They eventually reconcile. In the 1978-79 season, which is the fifth season, Allan is now portrayed by Jay Hammer, who joins the cast in a two-part episode of the season opener. Allan returns from New Mexico, while his parents return from Syracuse after Tom's father dies. Allan is left the Fortune Warehouse in the will and the relationship between Tom and Allan becomes very cold because of his "happy-go-lucky" attitude. Allan is well known for his sharp rebuttal against George's insults and his well-rounded personality. After this season (1978-79), Hammer was fired from the show cast, and Mike Evans returned to the series in the fall of 1979. After that, the way it was described with Allan's writing out of the storyline that he was residing in Minnesota. Allan was also chosen to be his niece, Jessica Jefferson's, godfather upon her birth, but Allan supposedly had gotten snowed in, so Harry Bentley was chosen as the proxy.
Florence Johnston.
Florence Johnston (Marla Gibbs) is the Jeffersons' sassy, backtalking, wisecracking maid. Her first appearance is actually in the pilot episode, when she was interviewed and hired as the housekeeper for the title-bearing characters. Although her job is supposed to take up most of her time, she is flat-out slothful, using very little energy or effort to clean the Jeffersons' apartment. She regularly bickers with George. George, who pays Florence's salary, repeatedly complains about her laziness (and cooking), and he gives her a very small paycheck. Several times he was on the verge of firing her, but Louise, who thinks of her as one of the family, forces him not to. Originally a recurring character, Gibbs later became the core of the series, becoming a series regular, appearing in 207 of the 253 episodes.
Despite being a decent Christian (as Gibbs is in real-life) woman, Florence never kept a long relationship with men. This was the biggest reason she gave to the Jeffersons and the Willises when she attempted to commit suicide in a Season Two episode. However, George incongruously told Florence not to, simply because she would be hurting everyone if she did. Louise would later credit George for convincing Florence not to take her own life, and gave that as a big reason that underneath his gruff, stubborn exterior was a man who was concerned about others.
In an early Season Three episode, she becomes the Jeffersons' full-time maid, taking Lionel's room after he marries Jenny Willis and finds a place of his own. George naturally refused her to do so at first, but she managed to help him escape a sham financial deal with a couple of con artists, and George was grateful for that. Another time she was kidnapped by a pair of criminals after they mistook her for Louise. Florence handled the hostage ordeal, and managed to give out a clue to her friends over the phone. Mr. Bentley was the only one to uncover that clue, and she was rescued gradually by the police.
Trivia
Harry Bentley.
Harry Bentley (Paul Benedict) is the Jeffersons' eccentric, adorable English next-door neighbor. Bentley works as a Russian language interpreter at the United Nations. He is known to everybody as a kind, gentle fellow, but George mostly finds him a complete annoyance, especially when he shows up at his door, complaining of back spasms (which could be cured only by George walking across his back) or to borrow a household item. In nearly every episode he was in, George slams the door in his face, either in the middle of a conversation or at the beginning of one. Bentley usually tells stories about his childhood life whenever at a get-together, which almost always bore his guests, but he doesn't seem to notice.
Bentley lives alone, but several times brings home a lady friend. Two of Bentley's most-talked-about ladies are Daphne and Patricia.
Ironically in an earlier Season 3 episode, after taking ignorant advice from George, Bentley accidentally punches a police officer in the face and winds himself in jail. He was bailed out by George, but still faced charges from the whole case. The officer he punched then realized Bentley is truly an honest person, and ultimately freed him. 
Paul Benedict left the series at the end of the 1980-81 season, which became the seventh year of the sitcom. The character of Bentley was written out, saying he went to live in the Soviet Union for two years. Paul Benedict returned to the show in 1983 during the show's tenth year on television. Since then, George became much friendlier to him, but sometimes still slams the door on him.
Ralph Hart.
Ralph Hart (Ned Wertimer), is the money-crazed doorman of the high-rise Colby East apartment complex. Although he appears to be a hard-working fellow with a decent attitude, he "always" makes sure his hand is stuffed with a reasonable amount (in his case, a lot) of money tips. He appears in the episodes usually to deliver merchandise or mail to George, and George must "always" give him a big tip. The same goes true for just about every other tenant focused on the sitcom. But in later seasons, they learn to stop giving Ralph a big tip, and, if necessary, tell him to get lost. In one episode Ralph was almost replaced by an automatic door before George along with several tenants told the building manager that they would all move if Ralph was replaced and he was allowed to keep his job. However it was revealed that none of the people actually lived in the building and that they all hated Ralph and only did it because he paid them. It is also hinted that the people that actually live in the building (aside from George) hate him so much that they wouldn't have helped him keep his job even if he did pay them. In a season 5 nightmare dream George has of the future, Ralph has so much money from George's tips that he has moved up from doorman to owner of the apartment building and remarks how $500.00 pays for a gallon of gasoline!
Ralph does sometimes seem to care for his tenants over his tipping, though. In one of the later Season Two episodes, after Lionel and Jenny have a big altercation and break up for a short while, George unknowingly pays a hooker to spend time with Lionel. When Ralph sees her and recognizes her instantly, he tells George the truth. George, clearly panicked, gives Ralph a $100 tip as gratitude. But Ralph turned it down, explaining that he's "going to need it." He would continue to join the cast for the majority of the show's numerous seasons.
Marcus Garvey Henderson.
Marcus Garvey Henderson (Ernest Harden Jr.) is George's young employee at Jefferson Cleaners. Marcus appears in the 1977-78 season (during the fourth season), and apparently, Marcus grew up in a rough neighborhood. Louise hired him to work at George's store, but on the very first day on the job, he stole an expensive jacket. Bentley told Louise about the incident, and she and George confronted him. He admitted he stole it, but lashed out at the two about him never receiving a proper life. George retaliates by telling him he is a lucky guy to have a job, and that should he pursue a life as a swindler and altogether a ghetto person, he would end up in jail or the graveyard. Marcus then proceeds to become a better person.
When Marcus confesses his father died at a young age, Louise insists George on taking Marcus to a camp-out to give him a good, father-and-son relationship. Marcus tells George the bad times he had, and George admits his father died when he was ten years old. Marcus breaks down into tears, but both of them deservingly have a good time together. Marcus's final appearance was in the season 6 episode "Joltin' George".
Ernest Harden Jr. in fact briefly played another character in one episode in the third season.
Leroy Daniels.
Leroy Daniels (Vernon Washington) is George's store manager/employee at Jefferson Cleaners. He was born around 1938 and though a wiz at managing a store and dry-cleaning, can act a little bit dim-witted at times. In one episode titled "George, Who?" Louise, who took a bump on the head after getting attacked by a mugger, is able to find her way to the main cleaner store; In trying to remember Leroy by asking him "Do You Know Leroy?", Leroy, thinking Louise asked him "Do You Know?", dim-wittedly answers, "yes?" In one Season 5 episode, in a dream George had, Leroy became the owner of Jefferson Cleaners in 1996 when George himself was dead by then, which George though impossible since he felt Leroy was a dingbat with no business skills. Leroy would appear in several other episodes afterward.
Hugo.
Hugo Mojoloweski (Irwin Keyes) is George's occasional bodyguard, who was originally hired by George to protect him from a serial mugger and career criminal nicknamed "Larry The Loon" in Season Seven. Hugo, upon first sight becomes infatuated with George's daughter-in-law, the already-married Jenny, which, needless to say went unrequited. Hugo is big and very burly, but he, like Leroy may be sometimes a little dim-witted. His catchphrase was, "Hi, remember me ?" which he always greets others, in particular, the very uninterested Jenny, who he at one time kept lavishing gifts upon, namely a big poster greeting card with his image, a la "Casablanca" style, with his catchphrase emblazoned upon it! In the two-part episode titled "The Strays", Hugo is hired once again to help and protect George when he attempts to confront a female street gang who robbed a delivery driver at gunpoint; when the girls appear, Hugo, who was supposed to scare off the girls, is nowhere to be found. As it turns out, Hugo had left because he had gotten hungry.
Jimmy.
Jimmy (Garrett Morris) was supposedly a child that George and Louise has sponsored and sent money to for years. However in their first visit with Jimmy, they realize he was an adult con-man. The character Jimmy appeared in five episodes from 1983-1984. Jimmy was a member of the historically black fraternity Alpha Phi Alpha. Morris was exactly a year older than Sherman Hemsley who played George. In the three-part episode titled ""Mission:Impossible"", Jimmy is once again enlisted by George. Jimmy and his cousin, played by Greg Morris of "" TV series fame, try to recover S10,000 lost by Tom Willis to some con-men, who were ex-Navy acquaintances of George in a revenge/double-cross con.
Charlie.
Charlie (Danny Wells) owns a bar in the first-floor lobby of the Colby-East apartment complex. He usually likes his business and is content with his customers, especially the Jeffersons and the Willises. A recurring joke had been that either Lionel or someone else would be having a drink with George at Charlie's bar, then to see Charlie giving them the bill either because George snuck out or he told Charlie that the drinks will be on Lionel. Once, he was supposed to be evicted because of his contract's expiration, and George would use his bar as an expansion to his cleaner store. But George, realizing Charlie is rather like one of the family, refused and let Charlie stay. In a later episode, titled "A Secret in the Back Room" (Season 11, episode #17) it is revealed that Charlie, while running a successful bar, has struggled for years with a drinking problem, and is separated from his wife because of it; George and Louise try to heip him to come to grips and deal with the problem while preparing for their marriage anniversary party.

</doc>
<doc id="9749471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749471" title="Schwan">
Schwan

Schwan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9749495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749495" title="Kiril Milanov">
Kiril Milanov

Kiril Milanov () (born 17 September 1948 in Sofia; died 25 January 2011) was a Bulgarian football player.
He played in Marek Dupnitsa between 1966 and 1971, Akademik Sofia between 1971 and 1973 and in Levski Sofia between 1973 and 1978. Kiril has 110 caps and 64 goals. He played for Bulgaria national football team, earning 21 caps and scored 4 goals. Holds the record for most goals in European club football for a single game with 6 and a tie 10. He accomplished both against Finnish Cup Winners Reipas Lahti in 1976 scoring 6 in Sofia and 4 in the away game.

</doc>
<doc id="9749508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749508" title="2006 Major League Baseball Draft">
2006 Major League Baseball Draft

The 2006 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 6 and 7. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams.
Background.
Pitching accounted for 18 of the 30 selections in the first round of the 2006 First-Year Player Draft, including the top choice, right-hander Luke Hochevar, who was chosen by the Kansas City Royals. The University of Tennessee product pitched for the Fort Worth Cats of the Independent League after not reaching terms with the Los Angeles Dodgers, who selected him in the sandwich round (40th overall) of the 2005 First-Year Player Draft. 
Six of the first seven picks and nine of the first 12 selections were pitchers. In addition to the 18 hurlers, seven outfielders, three third basemen and two catchers made up the rest of the first round. 
The first six picks were from the college ranks. University of North Carolina pitchers Andrew Miller (6th overall, Tigers) and Daniel Bard (28th, Red Sox) and University of Texas teammates Drew Stubbs (8th overall, Reds) and Kyle McCulloch (29th, White Sox) went in the first round. 
Kyle Drabek, the son of longtime Major League pitcher Doug Drabek, was chosen by the Philadelphia Phillies with the 18th pick. He is currently a starting pitcher for the Toronto Blue Jays AAA affiliate in Buffalo.
Detroit's Andrew Miller became the first player from the 2006 Draft to reach the Major Leagues. He debuted in relief during a doubleheader at Yankee Stadium on August 30. He would make eight relief appearances for the Tigers during their pennant-winning season. He currently pitches in the Boston Red Sox organization and has also played for the Florida Marlins.
Tim Lincecum was the first 2006 draftee to be selected to an All-Star Game. Lincecum was selected in 2008, and joined shortly thereafter by Evan Longoria, who was selected via the Final Vote. Longoria was the only one to play in the game. Longoria would later be voted Rookie of the Year. Lincecum was also the first to win a Cy Young Award (2008 and 2009) in the National League. Clayton Kershaw, 7th in the draft, went on to win the 2011 and 2013 NL Cy Young Awards and played in the 2011, 2012, and 2013 All-Star Games.
Andrew Bailey, 6th round pick by the Oakland Athletics, became the 2009 American League Rookie of the Year and participated in the 2009 All-Star Game in St. Louis and 2010 All-Star Game in Anaheim. He is currently playing for the Boston Red Sox. Chris Coghlan, a supplemental first round pick, was the 2009 National League Rookie of the Year. He is currently a Miami Marlins outfielder.
Ryan Kalish, an outfielder who had committed to go to the University of Virginia, was picked in the 9th round by the Boston Red Sox, offered $600,000 (which had to be approved by the Commissioner's Office. as it was more aligned with second round slot money), and signed with the Red Sox. He made his major league debut in 2010.
Max Scherzer, 1st round pick of the Arizona Diamondbacks and later traded to the Detroit Tigers won the 2013 Cy Young Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9749514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749514" title="Wasteland (Atargatis album)">
Wasteland (Atargatis album)

Wasteland is the first full-length album released by the German band Atargatis through Massacre Records on the 24 March 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9749538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749538" title="Erna Brodber">
Erna Brodber

Erna Brodber (born 20 April 1940) is a Jamaican writer, sociologist and social activist. 
Born in Woodside, Saint Mary Parish, Jamaica, she gained a B.A. from the University College of the West Indies, followed by an M.Sc and Ph.D. She subsequently worked as a civil servant, teacher, sociology lecturer, and at the Institute for Social and Economic Research in Mona, Jamaica. 
She is the author of four novels: "Jane and Louisa Will Soon Come Home" (1980), "Myal" (1988), "Louisiana" (1994) and "The Rainmaker's Mistake" (2007). She won the Caribbean and Canadian regional Commonwealth Writers' Prize in 1989 for "Myal". In 1999 she received the Jamaican Musgrave Gold Award for Literature and Orature. Brodber currently works as a freelance writer, researcher and lecturer in Jamaica. She is currently Writer in Residence at the University of the West Indies.
Bibliography.
Novels
Articles for the Institute for Social and Economic Research, Jamaica
Non-fiction

</doc>
<doc id="9749547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749547" title="Cossee-Arlman mechanism">
Cossee-Arlman mechanism

The Cossee-Arlman mechanism in polymer chemistry is the main pathway for the formation of C-C bonds in the polymerization of alkenes. The mechanism features an intermediate coordination complex that contains both the growing polymer chain and the monomer (alkene). These ligands combine within the coordination sphere of the metal to form a polymer chain that is elongated by two carbons. 
The details of this mechanism can be used to explain the stereoregularity of the polymerisation of alkenes using Ziegler-Natta or metallocene catalysts. Stereoregularity is relevant for unsymmetrical alkenes such as propylene. The coordination sphere of the metal ligands sterically influences which end of the propylene attaches to the growing polymer chain and the relative stereochemistry of the methyl groups on the polymer. The stereoregularity is influenced by the ligands. For the metallocene catalysts, the cyclopentadienyl ligands (or their surrogates) fulfill this role. For heterogeneous catalysts, the stereoregularity is determined by the surface structure around the active site on the catalyst particle, and can be influenced by additives such as succinates or phthalates, which tend to block specific sites, while leaving others (with different stereoreactivity) to catalyse the polymerization.

</doc>
<doc id="9749548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749548" title="Desert Rock Airport">
Desert Rock Airport

Desert Rock Airport is a private-use airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Mercury, in Nye County, Nevada, United States. The airport is located on the Nevada Test Site and is owned by the United States Department of Energy.
History.
The airfield is located on the site of the former Camp Desert Rock, a US Army facility.
Facilities.
Desert Rock Airport covers and has one runway:

</doc>
<doc id="9749582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749582" title="History of the Czech language">
History of the Czech language

The Czech language developed at the close of the 1st millennium from common West Slavic. Until the early 20th century, it was known as Bohemian.
Individual periods.
Proto-Czech.
The oldest development stage of Czech as a separate language (end of the 10th century – c. mid 12th century). Linguists recognize its reconstructed version only, since there are no written documents from this period. Latin, and to a lesser extent also Old Church Slavonic, were used as literary languages.
The oldest changes in Proto-Slavic were common to all West-Slavic dialects. Above all, it was the palatalization of velar "ch" > "š" ("vьšь", all), while "s" ("vьsь") developed in the East and South-Slavic dialects.
Some other changes took place during the 10th century:
The disappearance of the odd yers strengthened the phonological contrast of palatalized (softened) and unpalatalized consonants, and resulted in alterations of epenthetic "e" and "0" (null-phoneme). The contrast of the vowel quantity (length) was also strengthened. The depalatalization of consonants preceding "e" and "ä" took place later, thus the frequency of occurrence of palatalized consonants was lowered, but it strengthened the palatalization contrast at the same time. The change of "’ä > ě" and "ä > a" took place at the end of the 12th century. 
The vowels were front (ä, e, i, ě) and back (a, o, u), and the front ones had their back variants (allophones), and vice versa. The consonants were divided into hard (b, p, v, m, t, d, r, l, n, c, z, s, k, g, ch) and soft – palatal or palatalized (t’, d’, ř, l’, n’, c’, s’, z’, č, š, ž, j, ň). This division was cardinal for the later development. 
In the nominal declension, the traditional division according to the word-stem ending was progressively replaced by the gender principle (masculine, feminine and neuter) There were also three grammatical numbers: singular, dual and plural.
The dual is also applied in verb conjugations. The past is expressed by aorist, imperfect, perfect and pluperfect. The future tense is not fixed yet, the present tense is often used instead. The contrast of perfective and imperfective aspects is not fully developed yet, there are also biaspectual and no-aspectual verbs. The Proto-Slavic supine was used after verbs of motion, but it was replaced by the infinitive. However, the contemporary infinitive ending "-t" formally continues the supine.
Early Old Czech.
The period from the middle of the 12th century to the end of the 13th century. The first literal documents – bohemica (Czech names in foreign-language texts), glosses (Czech translations of words and phrases written additionally into foreign-language texts) and notes (unrelated to original texts) – originate from this period.
The oldest known Czech sentences were noted to the foundation charter of the Litoměřice chapter at the beginning of the 13th century:
"Pauel dal geſt ploſcoucih zemu"
"Wlah dalgeſt dolaſ zemu iſuiatemu ſcepanu ſeduema duſnicoma bogucea aſedlatu"
The texts were written in primitive orthography which used the letters of the Latin alphabet without any modification also for sounds which were strange to the Latin language. The letter "c", for instance, denoted "k, c" as well as "č". It yielded to some ambiguity which was serious especially in proper names. Later during the 13th century, the digraph orthography becomes to appear, although not systematically. Combinations of letters (digraphs) are used for recording Czech sounds, e.g. "rs" for "ř".
Large changes take place in the phonology. Front and back variants of vowels are removed, e.g. "’ä > ě" ("ie") and "’a > ě" ("v’a̋ce > viece", more, "p’äkný > pěkný", nice). In the morphology, these changes deepened the differences between hard and soft noun types ("sedláka", farmer (gen.) x "oráčě", plougman (gen.); "města", towns x "mor’ě", seas; "žena", woman x "dušě", soul) as well as verbs ("volati", to call x "sázěti"; to plant out). The hard syllabic "l" changed to "lu" ("Chlmec > Chlumec, dĺgý > dlúhý", long), as opposite to soft "l’". The change of "g" to , and later to , had been in progress since the 12th century.
Later assibilation of palatalized alveolars ("t’ > c’, d’ > dz’" and "r’ > rs’") occurred. However, "c’" and "dz’" disappeared later, but the change of "r’ > rs’ > ř" became permanent.
The morphology differs little from the Proto-Czech in this period.
14th century.
In the 14th century, Czech began to penetrate various literal styles. Official documents in Czech exist at the end of the century. The digraph orthography is applied. The older digraph orthography: "ch = ch; chz = č; cz = c; g = j; rs, rz = ř; s = ž = š; w = v; v = u; zz = s; z = z; ie, ye = ě"; the graphemes "i" and "y" are interchangeable. The vowel length is not usually denoted, doubled letters are used rarely. Obligatory regulations did not exist. This is why the system was not always applied precisely.
After 1340, the later digraph orthography was applied: "ch = ch; cz = c" or "č; g = j; rs, rz = ř; s = s" or "š; ss = s" or "š; w = v; v = u; z = z" or "ž", syllable-final "y" = "j"; "ie, ye = ě". The graphemes "i" and "y" remain interchangeable. The punctuation mark is sometimes used in various shapes. Its function is to denote pauses. 
The changes of "’u > i" ("kl’úč > klíč", key) and "’o > ě" ("koňóm > koniem", (to) horses) took place. The so-called main historical depalatalization, initiated in the 13th century, was finished. Palatalized (softened) consonants either merged with their hard counterparts or became palatal (ď, ť, ň). The depalatalization did not temporarily concern hard and soft "l", which merged to one middle "l" later at the turn of the 14th and 15th centuries. In this context, the phoneme "ě" [ʲe] disappeared. The short "ě" either changed to "e" or was dissociated to "j + e" ("pěna" , foam) before labial consonants in the pronunciation. The long "ě" was diphthongized to "ie" ("chtieti", to want, "čieše", goblet, "piesek", sand). At the same time, the long "ó" was diphthongized to "uo" ("sól > suol", salt).
In pronunciation, regressive assimilation of voice was enforced (with the exception of "h, ř" and "v"). The voicedness became the main contrastive feature of consonants after the disappearance of palatalization. The original pronunciation of "v" was probably bilabial (as preserved in some Eastern-Bohemian dialects in syllable-final positions: "diwnej", peculiar, "stowka", a hundred), but in the 14th century, the articulation was adapted to the unvoiced labiodental "f". Prothetic "v-" has been added to all words beginning with "o-" ("voko" instead of "oko", eye) in the Bohemian dialects since this period.
In morphology, the future tense of imperfective verbs was fixed. The type "budu volati" (I will call) became preferred to other types ("chc’u volati", I want to call, "jmám volati", I have to call, and "budu volal", I will called). The contrastive feature of (im)perfectiveness was also stabilized. The perfectivization function of prefixes and the imperfectivization function of suffixes are applied. As a consequence of this, aorist and imperfect are disappearing little by little and are replaced by the perfect (now called preterite, since it became the only past tense in Czech). The periphrastic passive voice is formed.
Hussite period.
The period of the 15th century from the beginning of Jan Hus's preaching activity to the beginning of Czech humanism. The number of literary language users enlarges. Czech fully penetrates the administration.
Around 1406, a reform of the orthography was suggested in "De orthographia bohemica", a work attributed to Jan Hus – the so-called diacritic orthography. For recording of soft consonants, digraphs are replaced by a dot above letters. The acute is used to denote the vowel length. The digraph "ch" and the grapheme "w" are preserved. The interchangeability of the graphemes "i" and "y" is cancelled. The suggestion is a work of an individual person, therefore this graphic system was accepted slowly, the digraph orthography was still in use.
As a consequence of the loss of palatalization, the pronunciation of "y" and "i" merged. This change resulted in the diphthongization of "ý > ej" in Common Czech (the widespread Bohemian interdialect). There are also some other changes in this period: the diphthongization of "ú > ou" (written "au", the pronunciation was probably different than today), the monophthongization of "ie > í" ("miera > míra", measure) and "uo > ú". The diphthong "uo" was sometimes recorded as "o" in the form of a ring above the letter "u", which resulted in the grapheme "ů" ("kuoň > kůň"). The ring has been regarded as a diacritic mark denoting the length since the change in pronunciation.
The contrast of animateness in masculine inflection is not still fully set, as it is not yet applied to animals ("vidím pána" = I see a lord; "vidím psa" = I see a dog). Aorist and imperfect have disappeared from literary styles before the end of the 15th century.
Humanistic period.
The period of the mature literary language from the 16th to the beginning of the 17th century. The orthography in written texts is not still unified, digraphs are used predominantly in various forms. After the invention of book-printing, the so-called Brethren orthography stabilized in printed documents. The Bible of Kralice (1579 – 1593), the first complete Czech translation of the Bible from the original languages by the Unity of the Brethren, became the pattern of the literal Czech language. The orthography was predominantly diacritic; the dot in soft consonants was replaced by the caron which was used in "č, ď, ň, ř, ť, ž". The letter "š" was mostly written in the final positions in words only, the digraph "ʃʃ" was written in the middle. The grapheme "ě" became used in the contemporary way. Vowel length was denoted by the acute accent, except for "ů" developed from original "ó". The long "í" was doubled "ii" for technical reasons; later it was denoted as "ij", and finally as "j". Pronounced was recorded as "g" or "y", pronounced [g was sometimes recorded by the grapheme "ǧ". The double "w" was preserved, the simple "v" denoted the word-initial "u". The diphthong "ou" was denoted as "au". The hard "y" was always written after "c, s, z" ("cyzý", strange). The complicated syntax, influenced by Latin texts, required some improvement of the punctuation. However, the comma was used according to pauses in pronunciation, not the syntax. The full stop, the colon, the question mark and the exclamation mark are used. The first grammars are published for typographers' purposes.
In the pronunciation, the change of "ý > ej" was established, but it occurred in lesser prestige style text only. The diphthongization of "ú > ou" was also stabilized (but "au" still remained in graphics). In initial positions, it was used in lesser prestige or specialized styles only. Written "mě" starts to be pronounced as [mňe. The change of tautosyllabic "aj > ej" ("daj > dej", give (imperative), "vajce > vejce", egg) took place, but it was not applied in heterosyllabic "aj" ("dají", they will give, "vajec", egg – gen. pl.).
In morphology, the differentiation of animate and inanimate masculines was completed ("vidím psa" rather than the earlier "vidím pes").
Baroque period.
The period from the second half of the 17th century to the second third of the 18th century was marked by confiscations and emigration of the Czech intelligentsia after the Battle of White Mountain. The function of the literary language was limited; it left the scientific field first, the discerning literature later, and the administration finally. Prestigious literary styles were cultivated by Czech expatriates abroad. The zenith and, simultaneously, the end of the florescence of prestigious literary styles are represented by the works of Jan Amos Komenský. 
The changes in the phonology and the morphology of the literary language ended in the previous period. Only the spoken language continued its development in the country. As a consequence of strong isolation, the differences between dialects were deepened. Especially, the Moravian and Silesian dialects developed divergently from Common Czech. 
Printed documents used the same orthography as in the previous period. Only the two kinds of "l" are not differentiated any more. The semicolon occurs as a punctuation mark for better and clear organization of excessive and complicated complex sentences. Digraphs with irregular elements of diacritics are still used in hand-written texts.
The first ideas of the National Revival were in so-called defences of the Czech language. The most likely first such work is "Dissertatio apologenetica pro lingua Slavonica, praecipue Bohemica" ("The defence of the Slavic language, of Czech in particular"), written in Latin by Bohuslav Balbín.
National Renaissance.
The period from the 1780s to the 1840s. The abolition of serfdom in 1781 (by Joseph II) caused migration of country inhabitants to towns. It enabled the implementation of the ideas of the Czech national awakeners for the renewal of the Czech language. However, the people's language and literary genres of the previous period were strange to the enlightened intelligentsia. The literary language of the end of the 16th century and of Komenský’s work became the starting point for the new codification of literary Czech. Of the various attempts at codification, Josef Dobrovský’s grammar was ultimately generally accepted. Purists' attempts to cleanse the language of Germanisms (both real and fictitious) had been occurring by that time. The publication of Josef Jungmann’s five-part "Czech-German Dictionary" (1830–1835) contributed to the renewal of Czech vocabulary. Thanks to the enthusiasm of Czech scientists, Czech scientific terminology was created.
Step by step, the orthography was liberated from the relics of the Brethren orthography. According to the etymology, "si, zi" or "sy, zy" came to be written, "cy" was replaced by "ci". Antiqua was introduced instead of fractura in printing, and it led to the removal of the digraph "ʃʃ" and its replacement by the letter "š". The long "í" replaced "j", and "j" replaced "g" ("gegj > její", hers). In the 1840s, the double "w" was replaced by "v" and "ou" replaced the traditional "au". Thus, the orthography became close to its contemporary appearance. According to the German model, the punctuation leaves the pause principle and respects the syntax.
The artistic literature often resorted to archaisms and did not respect the natural development of the spoken language. This was due to attempts to reach the prestige literal styles.
Modern Czech.
Literary Czech has not been an exclusive matter of the intellectual classes since the 1840s. Journalism was developing and artistic works got closer to the spoken language, especially in syntax. In 1902, Jan Gebauer published the first Rules of Czech Orthography, which also contained an overview of the morphology. These rules still preferred older forms in doublets.
During the 20th century, elements of the spoken language (of Common Czech especially) penetrated literary Czech. The orthography of foreign words were Germanized with respect to their German pronunciation, especially writing "z" instead of "s" and marking the vowel length (e.g. "gymnasium > gymnázium", grammar school). Social changes after World War II (1945) led to gradual diminishing of differences between dialects. Since the second half of the 20th century, Common Czech elements have also been spreading to regions previously unaffected, as a consequence of the media's influence.

</doc>
<doc id="9749585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749585" title="Ruska">
Ruska

Ruska may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9749593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749593" title="Peter Gric">
Peter Gric

Peter Gric or Petr Gric (born 1968, Brno, Czechoslovakia) is Austrian painter, drawer and illustrator originally from Czech Republic. In his art appear motives of futuristic landscapes and architecture, biomechanical surrealism and fantastic realism. Gric is member of the art groups Libellule and Labyrinthe.
Life.
Petr Gric was born in 1968 in Brno, former Czechoslovakia. He was the only child of artists Ludmila Gric (1942, Pitín) and Jaroslav Gric (1937, Brno). They already supported his talent in painting and drawing, which he exhibited when he was young. In 1980 he traveled with his parents under the pretense described as vacation travel, they emigrated through Hungary and Yugoslavia to Austria. They spend one year in the countryside of Reichenau an der Rax. They soon moved to Linz where Gric finished primary school and studied graphic design at the Höhere Technische Lehranstalt. In 1988 he moved to Vienna where he began to study under Arik Brauer at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. He finished his studies with a Master of Fine Arts degree in 1993. While still in college, he participated in several exhibitions and started to sell his work successfully. In 1996, Gric presented his work about the connection of painting and computer graphics at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. He has two daughters Emilia (b. 2002) and Natalia (b. 2005). Later in 2009, he moved from Vienna to Höflein an der Hohen Wand.
Work.
Working as an artist for a living, he creates new works irregularly. Before exhibiting, he works intensively, but often doesn't create anything for weeks and only experiments with graphic software and geometry for his new work. Smaller formats works take him a few days or weeks to create. Large works take him months to finish. However, many of them are in progress for a very long time and only finished after several years. Some of his paintings are several meters in size.
Technics.
Gric's painting are technically precise. He uses oil paint, acrylic paint, or combinations thereof. He also uses airbrushes. Most of his work he designs in graphic software and the more complex pieces, he models in 3D software. Despite his work in computer graphics, it is not his primary medium.
Motives.
His art is a combination of futuristic landscapes and architecture, biomechanical surrealism and fantastic realism. It's very airy, combining known thoughts with fantastic elements and geometrical structures. Before his artistic career, he was influenced by science fiction illustrators Chris Moore, Peter Elson and by "Star Wars" movies. However, his biggest influence was surrealistic paintings by his father, and artists like Salvador Dalí, Giorgio de Chirico, Max Ernst, Ernst Fuchs, Rudolf Hausner, Samuel Bak, Alfred Kubin, Hans Ruedi Giger and later Zdzisław Beksiński, Odd Nerdrum and De Es Schwertberger. Most of his inspirations are from nature and architecture, but he is also fascinated by erosion, abstract geometry and women's bodies. Gric creates visions and fantasy that he himself can't explain. Like Beksiński, he doesn't care about interpretations of his works.
Exhibitions and collaboration.
In 2007, he participated in the design of the stage for the SamPlay production "Hamlet in Rock". In 2010, he worked on the Concept Design for the project "At the Mountains of Madness" by director Guillermo del Toro. Since 2011, Gric teaches at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna.
Many of Gric's works are in personal or public collections: Austrian state gallery Belvedere; Immuno AG; Municipal Gallery in Traun; Kunstlerhaus München; Art Visionary Collection in Melbourne; Rardy van Soest Collection in Houten, Holland; Trierenberg Art in Traun; beinArt Collection, Austria; Westermann Collection, Australia.
Exhibitions.
1989
1990
1993
1994
1995
1997
1998
2000
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="9749598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749598" title="Citizenre">
Citizenre

Citizenrē is a renewable energy startup company that plans to rent photovoltaic (PV) solar systems to homeowners in the United States. The name Citizenrē is a combination of the word "citizenry" with the abbreviation "RE" which stands for renewable energy.
Business plan.
The company's business plan is based on the premise that they can reduce the cost of generating electricity by cheaply manufacturing and installing company owned residential roof top solar electric panels. The electricity produced will be purchased by householders under contract to Citizenrē. Excess power produced during daylight hours will be "banked" with local electric utilities by net metering to be drawn on at night.
The company plans to construct its own PV manufacturing plant, with production beginning some time after that (see section on criticisms for more on the plant delays), and will franchise local installers to customize and install the systems. The sales and marketing is being conducted through independent contractors using a network marketing model.
System overview.
The Citizenrē REnU system (REnU = Renewable Energy Unit) is based on the plan of renting solar systems to customers, fixing their utility costs to CitizenRE, and then selling the excess power back to the power company, along with getting income from any cap and trade certificates (SRECS) received for producing clean energy. The customer signs a fixed-length contract to pay a flat rental rate that is fixed for 10 years with an option to renew for another 5 years. The rate for each homeowner is determined by the average rate of their local electric utility.
In effect, the customer gets much of the benefit of owning a solar system without the inherent risks. The customer gets positive cash flow from the first month. Besides that, if they move, sell their home, or rent their home, they can transfer or cancel the lease without penalty (that is why they call it a rental). If electric prices go up in 15 years, the customer benefits by not having to pay them. If electric prices go down (due to Bloom Box, or income from stabilizing the grid with electric car batteries, for example) then the customer still has the same fixed rate for 10 years. In almost all cases this is projected to make customers secure and happy with their purchase. They are part of the "solution" rather than being part of the problem.
Benefits of the Citizenrē business plan.
The Citizenrē system has a number of benefits:
Criticism of Citizenrē.
Although the company is still in startup mode, it has drawn criticism from some existing solar industry players.
The main areas of criticism are:

</doc>
<doc id="9749609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749609" title="Mobile instant messaging">
Mobile instant messaging

Mobile Instant Messaging (MIM) is a presence enabled messaging service that aims to transpose the Internet desktop messaging such as ICQ or MSN experience to the usage scenario of being connected via a mobile/cellular device. While several of the core ideas of the desktop IM experience and functionality on one hand apply to a connected mobile device, others do not: Users usually only look at their phone's screen—presence status changes might occur under different circumstances as happens at the desktop, and several functional limits exist based on the fact that the vast majority of mobile communication devices are chosen by their users to fit into the palm of their hand.
Some of the form factor and mobility related differences need to be taken into account in order to create a really adequate, powerful and yet convenient mobile experience: radio bandwidth, memory size, availability of media formats, keypad based input, screen output, CPU performance and battery power are core issues that desktop device users and even nomadic users with connected notebooks are usually not exposed to.
There are two distinct methods to enable mobile instant messaging; 
By all communication market analysts the Clientless Platform is by far the more preferred method between the two. The Embedded Clients cost for installment, technical and consumer support. Embedded Clients are simply too expensive to develop and deploy for the cellular operator. On the other hand the Clientless Platform enables full interoperability between networks and communication platforms – at no technical and consumer support. In the past Microsoft & AOL have tried to develop such a solution with minor success. But since the popularity of 2.5 generation cellular handsets and even more so since the appearance of the 3G technology – enabling fast data trafficking – will finally enable widespread MIM usage. 
Embedded Client.
Several formerly untackled issues have been identified and addressed within IMPS. This standard (IMPS) was developed as part of an early mobile telephone industry initiative to kick off a broader usage of mobile instant messaging . The Open Mobile Alliance has taken over this standard, formerly called Wireless Village, as IMPS V1.0 in November 2002. Since then this standards has been further developed to IMPS V1.3, the latest candidate for release, and is expected to be released before the end of 2006.
Among the advantages of using such MIM service over SMS are: by far more affordable to the consumers for the MIM services use data instead of SMS text messages; IM-like chat mode, faster and quicker messaging. Some the Clientless Platform and some of the MIM embedded clients software enable group communication.

</doc>
<doc id="9749613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749613" title="Chennur">
Chennur

Chennur is a village in Gudur mandal in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Geography.
The mica belt around Chennur is considered the 2nd biggest in the country. The mica deposits are located around chennur of gudur, Rapur and Atmakur mandals of the Nellore district. The muscovite, quartz, feldspar and vermiculite forms of mica are found around this area.
Weaving with hand looms is one of the main occupation of 30 percent of people. Chennur Silk was one of the famous handloom fabric that was manufactured in late 1970s. At present lot of verieties of saries and other fabrics are weaved. These handloom fabrics are exported to other countries.
Many rice mills are located in Chennur.
The lemon business has become one of the most successful business in Chennur. Lemons are provided to almost all parts of the Country and also exported to other countries.
Chennur is also surrounded by good agricultural fields and with aquaculture (prawn) production for different parts of India as well as export to other countries.
Climate.
Chennur is very hot in summer. The Village is quite frequently affected by cyclones and has an almost non existent winter.
The best season is October to March.
Transport.
Chennur is accessible by road and rail.
Road.
chennur is located nearly SH-58 called as 'venkatagiri road' by local persons. It is easier to go towns like gudur,venkatagiri,raapur,sydhapuram.through road it is 6.52km from gudur town.'5.92' km from Nelture and Goginenipuram. '2'km from thippavarapadu. It is rtc junction for venkatagiri, raapur, sydapuram and podalakuru.
Railway.
Gudur is a nearest railway junction to Chennur, located between Chennai and Vijayawada, Connects Tirupathi.
Air.
There is only small domestic airport located in Renigunta which is about 76 km from this village through Venkatagiri road from Gudur.
Language.
Telugu is the language of the land. Urdu also known to the population.
Places of worship.
Major Hindu Temples in the town
Small Enterprises.
Chennur had small industries like rice and saw mills. Majorly have 10+ rice mill in this place.According to paddy growth is very high.Small Enterprises provide various jobs in this place. Each mill contain 50+ employees and providing 10+ jobs every year.
Media & Entertainment.
Chennur has a Public Library maintained by Chennur Punchayati samiti; serving educated jobless people in their job search.
Chennur has one movie theaters:
Chennur is served by two TV Channels

</doc>
<doc id="9749614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749614" title="Yanick Lehoux">
Yanick Lehoux

Yanick Lehoux (born April 8, 1982 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian hockey player for Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings, 86th overall, in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. After four seasons within the Kings organization, he attended the Phoenix Coyotes training camp, but was quickly reassigned to the AHL. On July 25, 2008, he was signed by the Montreal Canadiens as an unrestricted free agent to a one-year contract. He was not offered an extension with the Montreal Canadiens.
On July 7, 2009 Lehoux signed for the Swedish club Södertälje SK of the Elitserien.

</doc>
<doc id="9749627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749627" title="2005 Major League Baseball Draft">
2005 Major League Baseball Draft

The 2005 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft, was held on June 7 and 8. It was conducted via conference call with representatives from each of the league's 30 teams. It is widely considered to be one of the best drafts in recent memory.
"Source: Major League Baseball 2005 Official Draft Site"
Background.
The Diamondbacks used the top overall pick on high school shortstop Justin Upton and thus made him and older brother, B.J., the highest selected pair of brothers in the history of the draft. The Devil Rays selected B.J. with the second overall pick of the 2002 draft. With the fourth overall pick, the Nationals chose one of Upton's AAU teammates, third baseman Ryan Zimmerman of the University of Virginia. Zimmerman and B.J. Upton played in the same AAU infield as New York Mets third baseman David Wright in their youth.
College third basemen accounted for three of the top five selections. A total of 13 pitchers went in the first round, 10 of whom came from the college ranks.
Rice pitcher Wade Townsend was the eighth overall pick in the first round for the second straight year. After failing to reach terms with the Orioles last year, Townsend re-entered the draft pool and was selected by Tampa Bay.
Stanford outfielder John Mayberry, the son of the longtime Major League first baseman of the same name, was drafted by the Rangers with the 19th overall pick.
Three 2005 first-round draft choices saw action before the conclusion of the Major League season. Atlanta's Joey Devine became the first Brave since Bob Horner in 1978 to appear in the Majors the same year he was drafted. Devine joined Ariel Prieto (OAK-1995), Chad Cordero (MON-2003) and Ryan Wagner (CIN-2003) as the only draftees of the last 15 years to reach the Majors before September 1 the same year. Zimmerman and Boston's Craig Hansen joined their Major League clubs in September 2005.
Ryan Braun was the first 2005 draftee to be selected to an All-Star Game. He was voted in as a starter in 2008. Jacoby Ellsbury and Clay Buchholz were the first 2005 draftees to win a World Series championship, although Buchholz, drafted in the supplemental first round, was never on the 2007 Red Sox postseason roster. Matt Garza was named MVP of the 2008 ALCS.

</doc>
<doc id="9749628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749628" title="Diamond Fund">
Diamond Fund

Diamond Fund () is a unique collection of gems, jewelry and natural nuggets, stored and exhibited in Moscow Kremlin, Russia. The Fund dates back to the Russian Crown treasury instituted by emperor Peter I of Russia in 1719.
History.
Imperial treasury.
Peter's gem collection, established in 1719, was later stored in the Diamond Chamber (Бриллиантовая комната) in the Winter Palace. All succeeding monarchs added their contributions to the Chamber; a 1922 study by Alexander Fersman identified 85% of all exhibits to 1719–1855 (from Peter I to Nicholas I) and only 15% for the last three emperors.
Soviet Union.
Preservation, sales and looting of imperial treasures after the Russian Revolution of 1917 is a matter of controversy and speculation. The Imperial collection was moved from Saint Petersburg to Moscow during World War I; the Soviet Diamond Fund was officially established in 1922 (official site).
The treasure was first exhibited to the public in November 1967. Originally a short-term show, in 1968 it became a permanent exhibition.
Russian Federation.
The Russian State retains the monopoly for mining and distribution of gemstones, as set by the 1998 law ""On precious metals and precious stones"". Diamond Fund operations are regulated by the 1999 presidential decree (official text). The Diamond Fund is part of a larger State Fund of Precious Stones, managed by the Ministry of Finance, and accumulates the most valuable items, in particular
The public exhibits in Moscow Kremlin are only a fraction of Diamond Treasure, handpicked by the Ministry of Finance, which also manages state copyright for images of these treasures.
Recent additions.
"See also (Russian): Complete list of named Yakutian diamonds, 1959–1999, official site of Alrosa mining company www.alrosa.ru"
Public access.
The Diamond Fund is exhibited in the Kremlin Armoury building. It is accessible only through guided tours of fixed duration. Tours in Russian only are organized daily, 10AM-2PM and 3-5PM at twenty minutes interval. Tickets are sold in the lobby of the Fund, advance bookings preferred.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9749629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749629" title="Black Crater">
Black Crater

Black Crater is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon, located north of the Three Sisters and east of McKenzie Pass. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northern flank of the mountain, and snow often lingers in its shady depths until late summer. A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in 1925, but was eventually destroyed and only remnants of the foundation remain today. A trail heads for the summit from the northwest on Oregon Route 242, eventually wrapping onto the northeast side for the upper part of the ascent.

</doc>
<doc id="9749638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749638" title="Elizabeth Verville">
Elizabeth Verville

Elizabeth Verville is the Acting U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State in the Bureau of International Narcotics and the Bureau of Law Enforcement Affairs. Verville led the U.S. Delegation to develop the United Nations Transnational Organized Crime Convention. Prior to her current assignment, she was director for global affairs on the National Security Council staff for international crime, counternarcotics and counterterrorism and deputy director of the first U.S. interagency office to protect the nation’s critical information infrastructure.
Verville received her A.B. from Duke University in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="9749648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749648" title="2001–02 French Division 1">
2001–02 French Division 1

Olympique Lyonnais won Division 1 season 2001/2002 of the French Association Football League with 66 points. The title was decided in the very final game of the season when Lyon defeated erstwhile championship leaders Lens at Stade Gerland. Lyon had to win the match to take the title, and won 3–1, ending Lens's title dream. It was Lyon's first league championship, and it began their record seven successive league titles.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Ligue 1 season 2002/2003

</doc>
<doc id="9749653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749653" title="Yucca Airstrip">
Yucca Airstrip

Yucca Airstrip is a private-use airport located 17 miles (27 km) north of the central business district of Mercury, in Nye County, Nevada, United States. The airport is located on the Nevada Test Site and is owned by the United States Department of Energy. On the sectional chart it is depicted as an unverified airstrip.
History.
The airport was the staging area for SHOT BADGER, a test of the UPSHOT-KNOTHOLE Series of nuclear test shots on April 18, 1953.
Facilities.
Yucca Airstrip Airport covers an area of and has two runways, one located on the salt flat and a shorter, more recently constructed asphalt runway just east of the salt flat:
The asphalt runway was constructed in 2002 as part of an unmanned aerial vehicle test facility.

</doc>
<doc id="9749656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9749656" title="Condensed matter (disambiguation)">
Condensed matter (disambiguation)

Condensed matter may refer to several things

</doc>
