<doc id="9724814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724814" title="E. Scott Beattie">
E. Scott Beattie

E. Scott Beattie is the Chairman of Elizabeth Arden, a multibillion dollar, global cosmetics company. He holds an M.B.A and a degree in Honors Business Administration from The Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9724826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724826" title="The Three Questions">
The Three Questions

"The Three Questions" is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885 as part of the collection "What Men Live By, and other tales". The story takes the form of a parable, and it concerns a king who wants to find the answers to what he considers the three most important questions in life.
Synopsis.
The thought came to a certain king that he would never fail if he knew three things. These three things were
Many educated men attempted to answer the king's questions, but they all came up with different answers. The king decided that he needed to ask a wise hermit in a nearby village. The hermit would only see common folk, however, so the king disguised himself as a peasant, left his guards behind, and went to see the hermit. The hermit was digging flower beds when the king arrived. The king asked his questions, but the hermit went on digging rather laboriously. The king offered to dig for him for a while. After digging for some time, the king again asked his questions. Before the hermit could answer, a man emerged from the woods. He was bleeding from a terrible stomach wound. The king tended to him, and they stayed the night in the hermit's hut. By the next day the wounded man was doing better, but was incredulous at the help he had received. The man confessed that he knew who the king was, and that the king had executed his brother and seized his property. He had come to kill the king, but the king's guards had wounded him. The man pledged allegiance to the king, and he went on his way. The king asked the hermit again for his answers, and the hermit responded that he had just had his questions answered.

</doc>
<doc id="9724850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724850" title="Tiny ionospheric photometer">
Tiny ionospheric photometer

The tiny ionospheric photometer (TIP) is a small space-based photometer that observes the Earth's ionosphere at 135.6 nm. The TIP instruments were designed and built by the US Naval Research Laboratory and are a part of the COSMIC program. Although each TIP instrument is fairly simple in design and operation, the value of this instrument is that six of them are launched at once, and they will observe the earth simultaneously from three orbital planes spaced equally apart around the earth. The data of this instrument when combined with the data from the other COSMIC payloads will allow a 3D tomographic analysis of the Earth's ionosphere to be performed.

</doc>
<doc id="9724857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724857" title="1955 Great Plains tornado outbreak">
1955 Great Plains tornado outbreak

The 1955 Great Plains tornado outbreak was a deadly tornado outbreak that struck the southern and central U.S Great Plains States on May 25–26, 1955. It produced at least 46 tornadoes across seven states including two F5 tornadoes in Blackwell, Oklahoma, and Udall, Kansas. The outbreak killed 102 from three tornadoes while injuring hundreds more. Unusual electromagnetic activity was observed, including St. Elmo's fire.
Blackwell-Udall tornadoes.
The Blackwell tornado formed in Noble County at around 9:00 PM CDT before crossing through the eastern portions of the Kay County town of Blackwell as an F5 wedge tornado. Then about wide (Grazulis 1991), It claimed the lives of 20 people in Blackwell and injured over 200 before crossing into and dissipating over Cowley County, Kansas. Along with destroying nearly 200 homes, the tornado also demolished the town's main employers including the Acme Foundry and the Hazel Atlas Glass plant. 400 homes were destroyed or swept away, and 500 other homes were damaged. 60 businesses were also destroyed and the local hospital also sustained major damage. Most of the western half of the town was spared the worst of the damage.
30 minutes later, the same supercell that spawned the Blackwell tornado produced another violent tornado just east of the first tornado track near the Kansas/Oklahoma border. It proceeded northward across Sumner and Cowley Counties. The town of Udall was especially hard hit with F5 damage that included the disintegration of numerous structures and homes all across the town. Even the town's water tower was toppled. The funnel, about wide, hit Udall at around 10:30 PM CDT. Half of the town's population was killed or injured. Numerous homes and businesses were destroyed, many of which were swept away. Vehicles were thrown hundreds of yards and mangled beyond recognition, including a pickup truck that was wrapped around a tree and stripped of everything but its frame and tires. The Udall public school building sustained major damage, with beams snapped and blown away. The tornado later dissipated after traveling over from the Oklahoma border to southeast of Wichita. This tornado was the deadliest in the state's history with 80 fatalities and over 200 injured.
In addition NWS officials confirmed an additional F2 tornado near Tonkawa which may have been either part of the Blackwell tornado or a satellite tornado. Other tornadoes in the region occurred on May 27 near the same region but did little damage. Among them were those produced by a thunderstorm which traveled through the Oklahoma City area, where it produced weak tornadoes with minimal damage in the towns of Norman and Chickasha.
Other tornadoes.
Another deadly tornado occurred south of Woodward and at Cheyenne in Roger Mills County in southwestern Oklahoma, killing two people. This storm originated from the Texas panhandle. The final tornado in the hardest-hit region occurred during the early morning hours of May 26 when a weak tornado occurred in Salisaw in Sequoyah near the Arkansas border.
Numerous tornadoes occurred across the Midwestern states from Arkansas to Illinois. The strongest tornado was located near the Little Rock area but no fatalities were reported with this tornado or any other on May 26.

</doc>
<doc id="9724864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724864" title="ArenaBowl II">
ArenaBowl II

Arena Bowl '88 (or Arena Bowl II) was the Arena Football League's second-ever championship game. The game featured the #2 Detroit Drive (9-3) against the #1 Chicago Bruisers (10-1-1). With just 37 combined points it is the lowest scoring Arenabowl in history. Chicago's 13 points are the lowest amount of points by a single team in Arenabowl history.
Game summary.
The Drive scored first when Quarterback Rich Ingold on a one-yard touchdown run, while the Brusiers scored with Quarterback Ben Bennett completing a three-yard touchdown pass to WR/DB Mike McDade. 
In the second quarter, Detroit took control with FB/LB Walter Holman getting an eight-yard touchdown run, while fellow FB/LB Jim Browne got a two-yard touchdown run.
After a scoreless third quarter, Chicago managed to respond with FB/LB Billy Stone getting a 10-yard touchdown run (with a failed two-point conversion).
Afterwards, the Drive wrapped up its first ArenaBowl title with kicker Novo Bojovic getting a 17-yard field goal.
Scoring summary.
1st Quarter
2nd Quarter
4th Quarter

</doc>
<doc id="9724880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724880" title="Stéphane Demol">
Stéphane Demol

Stéphane Auguste Ernest N. Demol (born 11 March 1966) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a current manager.
He amassed Belgian Pro League totals of 120 games and 11 goals over the course of seven seasons, mainly with Anderlecht and Standard Liège with which he won eight major titles combined. He also competed professionally in Italy, Portugal, France, Greece and Switzerland.
Demol represented Belgium in two World Cups. In 2000 he started a managerial career, going on to work in several countries.
Club career.
Born in Watermael-Boitsfort, Brussels, Demol joined local R.S.C. Anderlecht's youth system at the age of 14, moving to the first-team setup four years later and scoring four league goals in just 17 matches in his first full professional season, as the capital side renewed its domestic supremacy.
Demol soon became noticed by several clubs abroad, moving to Italy for Bologna FC, but his breakthrough would arrive the following year, in Portugal with F.C. Porto: he scored an astonishing 11 first division goals, and helped his team win the national championship.
Demol moved countries again after just one year, now signing with French side Toulouse FC, but he returned in late 1991 to his country after joining Standard Liège, where he helped to consecutive UEFA Cup qualifications, finishing second to Anderlecht in his second year.
Aged 27, Demol signed with Cercle Brugge KSV, but did not receive regular playing time. He subsequently returned for another abroad spell, being equally unsuccessful for S.C. Braga, Panionios GSS, FC Lugano and Sporting Toulon Var (the latter in the French second division).
Demol ended his career in 2000 at 34, after playing one year apiece with FC Denderleeuw and amateurs SK Halle, in which he began his manager career. In 2005, after several brief head coaching spells, he became assistant manager at former club Standard Liège, helping it to another runner-up position, trailing, once again, Anderlecht.
On 2 November 2009, Demol quit R. Charleroi S.C. due to poor results. On 15 February 2012, he was appointed at FC Brussels.
International career.
Demol played 38 matches for the Belgian national team and scored one goal, heading home in the round-of-16 clash against the Soviet Union at the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico (4–3 after extra time).
In 2006, his good friend and ex-teammate René Vandereycken became the Red Devils' coach, and he invited Demol to become its assistant manager. He left the post two years later, returning to club action.

</doc>
<doc id="9724886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724886" title="John Francis Bloxam">
John Francis Bloxam

John Francis Bloxam (1873 – 1928) was an English Uranian author and churchman. Bloxam was an undergraduate at Exeter College, Oxford when his story, "the Priest and the Acolyte", appeared in the sole issue of "the Chameleon: a Bazaar of Dangerous and Smiling Chances", a periodical which he also served as editor. The story details the love affair of a priest and his lover, a boy. The affair, when discovered, triggers the priest's suicide. A poem, "A Summer Hour", also with pederastic themes, appeared in "the Artist". The contents of "the Chameleon", which also included Lord Alfred Douglas' notorious poem "Two Loves", would be used against Oscar Wilde in his trial. Bloxam was a convert to Anglo-Catholicism, and became a priest.

</doc>
<doc id="9724896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724896" title="DWCW">
DWCW

DWCW or Barangay 96.3 Legazpi is a music FM station owned and operated by GMA Network in the Philippines. The station's studio and transmitter are located at the upper 2nd floor of A. Bichara Silverscreens and Entertainment Center, Barangay 34 Oro Site Legazpi City. 

</doc>
<doc id="9724941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724941" title="Meglin Kiddies">
Meglin Kiddies

Meglin Kiddies was a well-known troupe of acting, music and dance performers, consisting of children up to the age of 16. (AKA: The Meglin Professional Children's School, The Meglin Dance Studio, Meglin's Dance School and Meglin's Wondrous Hollywood Kiddies).
Background.
The troupe was started by Ethel Meglin in 1928. Meglin was a Ziegfeld girl in feature films. Director/actor and Slapstick Keystone King Mack Sennett was supportive of the formation of the troupe's studio. Sennett donated a Meglin Kiddie studio building sign and assisted in securing an operations location on his lot. The Johnny Grant Building at 7018-7024 Hollywood Blvd once housed the Meglin Dance Studio on its second floor.
One of the most successful child stars of all time, Shirley Temple, was once a Meglin Kiddie dancer. Producers from Educational Studios recruited her from the Meglin Kiddie studio. "Charles Lamont, a director from Educational Studios visited the “Meglin Kiddies” and chose Shirley, hiding under the piano, for a part in a movie that the studio was about to make."
Superstar Judy Garland was a Meglin Kiddie also. Garland's mother, Mrs. Gumm, played the piano at the Meglin Kiddie studio to help pay for Garland's singing and dancing lessons there. The film debut of Judy Garland was in Meglin Kiddie short films. Garland also performed with the Meglin Kiddies over the radio, and live at theaters such as: Shrine Auditorium, Pantages Theatre (Hollywood), and Loew's State Theater in Los Angeles, California.
In the 1950s, the Meglin Kiddies had a television show.
Ethel Meglin retired in 1962, along with the studio and dance troupe.

</doc>
<doc id="9724953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724953" title="Junior Field Trips">
Junior Field Trips

The Junior Field Trips series is a collection of point-and-click children's computer games released by Humongous Entertainment in conjunction with Random House. These games (in general) offered virtual tours of particular locations related to their theme, and included a game suite with virtual coloring pages, a scavenger hunt, and various other games depending upon the title. 
The series was hosted by "Buzzy the Knowledge Bug," (voiced by Jim Cissell) a blue anthropomorphic insect who provides feedback on the locations when called upon and provided narration for each of the games. Two of the series' three titles were written by the noted programmer Deborah Todd.
Games Info.
"Let's Explore the Farm" (1995).
The Farm captures all of the fun, energy, and excitement of a real, working farm. Kids can visit the big red barn and watch a cow being milked. Or, take a peek inside the chicken coop and find out how eggs are made. Help harvest the corn and feed the pigs. Don't miss the pond. Plus, there's a beaver dam to explore. And that's only the beginning. Junior Field Trips turn kids loose to discover exciting new places up close and on their own. Children decide where they want to go and how much they want to know. Detailed explanations, lively sound effects, and colorful animation make every trip truly one of a kind. Kids will want to visit The Farm again and again.
"Let's Explore the Jungle" (1995).
The Jungle allows children to explore Humongous versions of the South American, African and Southeast Asian jungles, and learn about some of the animal and plant life there. You can learn about animals like elephants, jaguars, crocodiles, monkeys, pythons, tigers, gorillas and others. Like "The Airport" and "The Farm" titles, this game features Buzzy the Knowledge Bug as a guide. He reads aloud questions, answers, and the names of objects. In addition, he provides tips and suggestions and points out interesting facts.
"Let's Explore the Airport" (1995).
The Airport allows kids 3 years and up to explore a modern airport, with their guide Buzzy The Knowledge Bug. Kids can visit over 40 location, from hangars, to control towers, to cockpits. Items in each location can be clicked on for either amusing animations, or to ask "What is This?" which will take them directly to the encyclopedia page describing that item. The encyclopedia has more than 200 descriptions in it. It also has an index, to jump directly back to interesting items. The encyclopedia is text, but Buzzy can also read the text for young players.
These games were written using the SCUMM engine and can thus be played on additional platforms by using ScummVM.

</doc>
<doc id="9724979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724979" title="Josh Wilson (American football)">
Josh Wilson (American football)

Joshua "Josh" Wilson (born March 11, 1985) is an American football cornerback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Maryland.
Wilson has also played for the Baltimore Ravens and Washington Redskins.
Collegiate career.
A graduate of DeMatha Catholic High School, Wilson saw action in all 11 games as a true freshman and became a starting cornerback late in his sophomore year, a job he never relinquished. By his senior season he was one of the top cornerbacks in the nation. He also had 847 yards as a kick returner in the 2006 season. In his career, he tallied 157 tackles, including 100 solo stops, had two career interceptions, 25 passes defended, forced two fumbles, recovered two fumbles and blocked three kicks.
Track and field.
Wilson also ran track at DeMatha Catholic High School, where he was a part of a school record-setting 4 x 100 metres relay team. He also set state records of 10.84 seconds in the 100 meters and 21.56 seconds in the 200 meters. He also competed in the 60 meters, posting a personal best time of 6.98 seconds.
Professional career.
Seattle Seahawks.
Wilson was drafted 55th overall (2nd round) by the Seattle Seahawks in the 2007 NFL Draft.
During a week three home game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Wilson returned the opening kickoff 72 yards to help set up a Matt Hasselbeck touchdown pass to Bobby Engram. In week 12, against the St. Louis Rams, Josh Wilson returned an 89 yard kickoff return for a touchdown. He recorded 9 tackles in 12 games. On October 26, 2008 against the San Francisco 49ers Josh Wilson ran back a 75 yard interception for a touchdown. At the end of the 2008 season, Josh Wilson had 76 tackles, 4 interceptions (one returned for a touchdown), and 1 sack.
Baltimore Ravens.
2010 season.
On August 31, 2010, he was traded to the Baltimore Ravens, for a conditional 2011 Draft Pick.
Wilson returned an interception for a touchdown in overtime against the Houston Texans on December 13, 2010 to help the Ravens win 34-28. That was one of three interceptions that Wilson had in his lone season in Baltimore.
Washington Redskins.
2011 season.
On July 27, 2011, Wilson signed with the Washington Redskins to a three-year, $13.5 million contract with $9 million guaranteed. He was made the starting right cornerback. Wilson made his first interception for the Redskins in the end zone in Week 14 against the New England Patriots. In Week 15 against the New York Giants, Wilson made his second interception of the season, which happened to also be in the end zone.
At the end of the 2011 season, Wilson started in all 16 games recording 62 combined tackles, 15 pass break-ups, two interceptions, and one forced fumble.
2012 season.
In the 2012 season, Wilson continued to be the starting right outside cornerback. In Week 2 against the St. Louis Rams, he recovered a fumble and returned the ball 30 yards for a touchdown after Perry Riley stripped the ball from Danny Amendola. Later in the third quarter, Wilson was forced to leave the game early due to suffering a concussion after tackling Rams runningback Daryl Richardson in the third quarter and preventing him from getting a touchdown. On September 19, 2012, he was officially cleared from his concussion and allowed to practice. In the Week 7 game against the New York Giants, he recorded his first interception of the season; making this the second time in a row he picked off Eli Manning since their last meeting in 2011. Wilson would manage to force a fumble, which was recovered by DeJon Gomes in the Week 12 win against the Dallas Cowboys on Thanksgiving.
2013 season.
Wilson had a particularly poor performance against the San Francisco 49ers, where he lost several times to Anquan Boldin and Vernon Davis in one-on-one coverage.
Atlanta Falcons.
2014 season.
On April 8, 2014, Wilson signed with the Atlanta Falcons on a one-year contract.
Personal life.
Wilson's father, Tim Wilson, played in the NFL for eight years, mostly for the Houston Oilers. He was best friends with the legendary Earl Campbell, whom Josh calls 'Uncle Earl'. His father died in 1996, and Josh carries around a football card of him.
Wilson grew up as a fan of the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="9724983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724983" title="Red Ocher people">
Red Ocher people

The Red Ocher people were an indigenous people of North America. A series of archaeological sites located in the Upper Great Lakes, the Greater Illinois River Valley, and the Ohio River Valley in the American Midwest have been discovered to be a Red Ocher burial complex, dating from 1000 BC to 400 BC, the Terminal Archaic – Early Woodland period. Characterized as shallow burials located in sandy ridges along river valleys, covered in red ochre or hydrated iron oxide (FeH3O), they contain diagnostic artifacts that include caches of flint points, turkey-tails, and various forms of worked copper. Turkey-tails are large flint blades of a distinct type. It is believed that Red Ocher people spoke an ancestral form of the Algonquian languages.
Red ochre has a long history of use in North America; as early as the Folsom tradition during the Paleo-Indian period, certain localities in New Mexico and Wyoming were actively being mined for the substance. The people today known as Red Ocher were first identified by the University of Chicago in 1937. During the late 1950s and early 1960s, the Red Ocher Culture was a topic of great interest among archaeologists who were trying to better define the burial culture through various methods of research. Since then intermittent archaeological works have been published dealing with specific sub-topics within the burial culture and supported by more reliable AMS carbon dates. Nevertheless, many important archaeological questions regarding the Red Ocher burial manifestation and cultural phenomenon are still without answers.

</doc>
<doc id="9724992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724992" title="Cirsium pitcheri">
Cirsium pitcheri

The Pitcher's thistle ("Cirsium pitcheri"), sometimes called dune thistle, is a species of thistle native to sand dune shorelines along the upper Great Lakes. It grows endemically only in Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Ontario. It is listed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as a threatened species. 
Niche.
Pitcher's thistle is a plant of modest appearance through much of its lifespan; it concentrates most of its biomass in a massive taproot that can be 6 feet (2 m) in length. Its long, narrow, gray-green leaves are protected by spines and dense, silvery hairs. Between 2 to 8 years after germination, the juvenile thistle abruptly matures and sends forth a temporary blooming head of 1 m or more in height. At the top of the blooming shoot is a spectacular effusive flower head, ranging in color from creamy white to very light pink, and guarded by spines. Some individuals may be quite bushy, and produce numerous flowering heads. Usually at least 5 years are required for the thistle to reach maturity. Pitcher's thistle is monocarpic; after flowering once, the plant dies. Most of its seeds do not disperse very far, in fact, entire heads are occasionally buried, producing clusters of seedlings.
The Pitcher's thistle is adapted to life on open, windswept, semi-stable sand dune surfaces. It can flower at any time from mid-June through mid-September, depending on the amount of energy it has stored in its taproot and on local rain conditions immediately prior to the flowering.
History and identification.
The Pitcher's thistle was first identified by Dr. Zina Pitcher, an amateur naturalist and U.S. Army field surgeon stationed at Fort Brady, Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. In an unknown summer at some point in the 1820s, Dr. Pitcher was granted leave to go on an adventure camping trip west of the fort on a sandy shoreline of Lake Superior. While exploring what are now the Grand Sable Dunes of the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore, Dr. Pitcher discovered a Pitcher's thistle in flower. The physician shipped the specimen to botanists who published and named it in his honor, "Cirsium pitcheri".
Today.
The Pitcher's thistle is found exclusively along the shorelines of Lake Huron, Lake Michigan, and Lake Superior, particularly in areas of sand dunes. Two of the largest remaining populations have been identified in the Nordhouse Dunes area of the Manistee National Forest, and within Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore. In addition, Pitcher's thistle continues to grow and flower in some smaller state parks and private tracts along these lake shores.
U.S. Great Lakes dune habitat is threatened by invasive species such as spotted knapweed. In addition, the high economic value of Great lakes shoreline for real estate development continues to threaten the Pitcher's thistle. Although it can be locally abundant in areas of relatively undisturbed habitat, the thistle is highly vulnerable because it is adapted to live in locations where many people would like to build vacation homes and resorts and is therefore critically threatened by anthropogenic habitat destruction. This fact, as well as its general vulnerability due to its specialized habitat and restricted range, has led to Pitcher's Thistle being federally listed as a threatened species by the U.S. government; it is also listed as either threatened or endangered at the state level. In Canada it is listed as endangered at both the provincial (Ontario) and federal level.

</doc>
<doc id="9724996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724996" title="WAWI">
WAWI

WAWI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9725008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725008" title="Newton Township, Sussex County, New Jersey">
Newton Township, Sussex County, New Jersey

Newton Township (formerly Newtown Township) is a defunct township that was located in Sussex County, in northwestern New Jersey, in the United States. The township was established as a precinct in 1751, the township is first mentioned in a description of its boundaries in the sessions of the Court of Common Pleas in Morris County. Before the establishment of Sussex County on 8 June 1753, Morris County controlled the sparsely populated areas in the northwestern corner of New Jersey and spanned the territory of three present-day New Jersey counties: Morris, Sussex, and Warren. After ceding territory on several occasions new municipalities were created, Newton Township ceased to exist on 11 April 1864.
The boundaries of Newtown Township at its creation were, as follows:
Therefore We humbly pray that we may be erected into a Township or Precinct as followeth, Beginning at Musconetriunk where the Quintipetite Line crosses said Musconetriunk Thence running up Musconetriunk to the great Pond to the North west Corner thereof from thence a North east point to the York Line Then Northerly by York Line till they come to the foot of Pequale Mountain Thence SouthWesterly along the foot of said Mountain till it meet with the aforesaid Quintipolite Line Thence along said line to the place where it begain. To be called by the Name of New Town.
The Quintipartite Line referenced in this description is the boundary line agreed upon in the 1675 agreement to divide the proprietary colonies of East Jersey and West Jersey. After several attempts to survey this boundary, it was accurately drawn in 1743 as the Lawrence Line. Today this line exists in as the boundary between Stillwater and Hampton Townships—Hampton Township being part of the original territory of Newtown Township. "Pequale Mountain" is a references to Pahaqualong Mountain, and old name for Kittatinny Mountain. "Great Pond" refers to Lake Hopatcong and "Musconetriunk" is the Musconetcong River.
Newton Township was incorporated as one of New Jersey's initial 104 townships by an act by the New Jersey General Assembly on 21 February 1798.
Potions of the township were taken to form Wantage Township (30 May 1754), Hardyston Township (25 February 1762), Frankford Township (10 April 1797), Byram Township (9 April 1798), Sparta Township (14 April 1845) and Lafayette Township (14 April 1845).
On 11 April 1864, the remaining portions of Newton Township were split up to create Andover Township, Hampton Township and Newton Town, at which point Newton Township was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9725026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725026" title="Coltrane (1957 album)">
Coltrane (1957 album)

Coltrane is the debut album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1957 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7105. The recordings took place at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey, and document Coltrane's first session as a leader. It has been reissued at times under the title of "First Trane".
Background.
As a result of his exposure as a member of the Miles Davis Quintet, Prestige Records owner and producer Bob Weinstock offered Coltrane a recording contract. Dated April 9, 1957, it stipulated three albums per year at $300 per album. Coltrane had previously recorded as a sideman, and had co-led a session with Paul Quinichette released in 1959 as "Cattin' with Coltrane and Quinichette", but never as sole bandleader.
Coltrane had actually just been fired by Davis in April 1957 for drug abuse, but retreated home to Philadelphia to clean himself out. He returned to New York City for mid-May sessions with Prestige, this one taking place the day after Memorial Day. By the summer, Coltrane would be recording with Thelonious Monk and playing as a member of his quartet for the rest of the year.
Coltrane chose a tune by his friend Calvin Massey, in addition to three standards including the relatively obscure "Time Was." The titles to the Coltrane originals, "Chronic Blues" and "Straight Street," indicate his struggles with substance abuse and his new-found resolve after conquering his habits. Sidemen included Paul Chambers and Red Garland from the Davis band, and Philadelphia colleagues Johnny Splawn and Albert Heath.
The album was 20-bit-remastered for compact disc by Fantasy Records in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9725034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725034" title="George de la Peña">
George de la Peña

George de la Peña is an American ballet dancer, musical theatre performer, choreographer, actor, and teacher. He was born in New York City, New York, U.S.
Originally trained as a concert pianist, de la Peña switched to ballet while studying at the High School for the Performing Arts in New York City. He graduated from George Balanchine’s School of American Ballet. He joined American Ballet Theatre in the 1970s, rapidly rising to soloist. While at ABT, de la Peña danced in works choreographed by Mikhail Baryshnikov, Agnes de Mille, Kenneth MacMillan, and Jerome Robbins, among others. By 1985, de la Peña and his then-wife, Rebecca Wright, had both left ABT and relocated to California. (De la Peña and Wright had two children before they separated.) He and Ms. Wright can both be seen in Baryshnikov's production of "The Nutcracker", on television and on DVD.
De la Peña began acting when he was cast as Vaslav Nijinsky in Herbert Ross's film "Nijinsky" (1980), and for some time thereafter he was typecast in Russian roles. (In a 1983 interview in the "New York Times", an exasperated de la Peña, who is of mixed Russian and Argentinian descent, pointed out that producers thought he was not a native English speaker.) He appeared on Broadway in "Woman of the Year", the revival of "On Your Toes", the notorious flop "The Red Shoes" (Drama Desk Award nomination), and "Chronicle of a Death Foretold" (Drama League Award). While living in Los Angeles during the 1980s, he performed in "Cats" and various regional productions.
His film and television credits include "Personal Best" (1982), "The Flamingo Kid" (1989), "Brain Donors" (1992), "Mighty Aphrodite" (1995), and guest appearances on shows such as "L.A. Law" and "". He was last seen in the film "The Dust Factory", with Hayden Panettiere and Armin Mueller-Stahl.
De la Peña has taught at universities across the country, including CalArts, Connecticut College, and the University of Iowa, where he is the chair of the Department of Dance He continues to teach for ABT. A director and choreographer for both theatrical works and concert dance, he assisted figure skater Debi Thomas with her routine for the Olympics. He frequently collaborates with the choreographer Martha Clarke.
George is a member of the Lincoln Center Theater Director’s Laboratory.

</doc>
<doc id="9725046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725046" title="U'wa language">
U'wa language

The U'wa language, "Uw Cuwa", commonly known as Tunebo, is a Chibchan language spoken by between 1,800 and 3,600 of the U'wa people of Colombia, out of a total population of about 7,000.
Varieties.
There are half a dozen known varieties. Communication between modern varieties can be difficult, so they are considered distinct languages. Varieties are:
Additional names in Loukotka are Manare and Uncasica. Uncasica is perhaps the same as Unkasía (Uncacía). Greenberg adds Margua.
Margua in Sanare
Manare at source of Casanare is Eastern Tunebo

</doc>
<doc id="9725065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725065" title="KATJ-FM">
KATJ-FM

KATJ-FM is a commercial radio station in Victorville, California, broadcasting to the Victor Valley, California, area on 100.7 FM. It is the High Desert's only live country station.
KATJ-FM airs a country music format branded as "Kat Country".

</doc>
<doc id="9725081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725081" title="John Ash (writer)">
John Ash (writer)

John Ash (born 29 June 1948) is an expatriate British poet and writer.
His lifelong interest in Byzantium (especially its architecture) is a major theme which runs through his poetry, fiction and travel writing, along with family friends and the three major cities he has lived in. As well as his books (largely published by Carcanet), his work has appeared in "The New Yorker", "The New York Times", "The Village Voice", "The Washington Post" and "Paris Review".
Life.
John Ash was born in Manchester, England in 1948, the son of schoolteachers. With a brief break to attend the University of Birmingham (B.A. 1969) and to take a post-graduation year in Cyprus, he remained in the city of his birth until 1985, at which time he moved to New York.
In New York, he became associated with the New York School of poets and formed a strong and lasting friendship with its leading proponent, John Ashbery. After stints teaching at the University of Iowa and the University of California, Berkeley, he moved to Istanbul in 1996, where he has lived since, first teaching at Boğaziçi University, before moving to Kadir Has University.
During this time several of his books, including "Selected Works" and "To the City", have appeared in Turkish translations, published by Yapi Kredi Publications, who are affiliated with the bank of the same name. Deluxe editions of "The Anitolikon", published in a side-by-side English and Turkish edition by Yapi Kredi, featured illustrations by Peter Hristoff, a noted Turkish artist of Bulgarian Christian origin living in New York.
In a review of "To The City", "Poetry Magazine" said that John Ash "could be the best English poet of his generation". In 2007 he was profiled in "The Economist" in an article by Hugh Pope, himself an author and formerly the "Wall Street Journal" correspondent in Istanbul. Pope has suggested that Ash is the leading light in a new "Istanbul School" of English-speaking poets taking their inspiration from the city.
Following "Byzantine Journey", and other travel writing, Ash led tours the relevant sites and in 2006 wrote the script for the documentary "Istanbul for Aficionados". He has also appeared in a BBC guide to Istanbul, broadcast in 2005 on BBC Four's "Mediterranean Tales" strand.
Bibliography.
Anthologies.
His work has also appeared in a number of anthologies, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9725103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725103" title="McCourt">
McCourt

McCourt (also rendered MacCourt, McCord, McCoard, McCard and occasionally Courtney) is an Irish surname associated with the province of Ulster. It derives from the Old Gaelic name "MacCuarta" or sometimes "MacCuairt", translating as "the son of Cuairt", a byname meaning "visitor".
McCourt is a surname of ancient origin, being first recorded in the Kingdom of Oriel, which comprised mainly the modern counties of Armagh and Monaghan, with parts of Down, Louth and Fermanagh, in the 9th century. Colla Uais, their ancestor, was King of Ireland from 322 to 326. Kinsmen of the O’Carroll Princes they were Chiefs of a considerable territory in the north of County Louth near the Armagh border. As a result of the Anglo-Norman invasions in the late 12th century, their patrimony was greatly diminished, but most remain in or near their homeland. A branch of the family who settled in County Tyrone, gave their name to the village of Cappagh (in Gaelic Ceapach Mhic Cuarta) near Dungannon in County Tyrone This is written in Gaelic as "Ceapach Mhic Cuarta", which translates as an outlying settlement of the Mac Cuarta's, one remote from the main sept.
As early as the 16th century, the surname was recorded as far south as Munster, where in several County Cork documents, it was equated with Rothe, i.e. a lease dated 1484, listed Elias Roothe alias Mc Cuarta. Others of the sept (badword) are found in the Hearth Money Rolls of County Armagh for 1664, under the spelling Mac Quorte and Father Ronan, in his Irish martyrs, gives the anglicized form as Mac Worth. The name has gained a permanent place in the literary history of Ireland, due to James Mac Court or Séamas Dall Mac Cuarta [1647-1733] whose poems were collected and published by Rev. L. Murray. Known as Courtney as well as McCourt, he was a friend of Turlough O’Carolan; and he has been described as “the greatest of the northern Gaelic Poets.” 
In 1565, along with Roger MacCongall, a priest called Conacius McCourt was flogged to death in Armagh for refusing to acknowledge the Queen's supremacy.
In Northeastern Ulster, some McCourts may descend from the MacMhuircheartaigh (Son of the sea ruler) family. A sept of the powerful Clan Stuart of Bute, from the west of Scotland. Their surname, in addition to McCourt, has become McCurdy. Brought to Ireland by the Stewarts when they arrived at Ballintoy, having lost their lands in Bute in the mid 16th century, the name is now numerous in the glens and north coast of Antrim.

</doc>
<doc id="9725142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725142" title="Lists of actors by television series">
Lists of actors by television series


</doc>
<doc id="9725152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725152" title="KPTG-LP">
KPTG-LP

KPTG-LP (101.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious format. Licensed to Adelanto, California, USA, it serves the Victor Valley area. The station is owned by Calvary Chapel of Adelanto.
Much of its programming replicates that of KWVE-FM in San Clemente, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9725179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725179" title="Tolay Lake">
Tolay Lake

Tolay Lake is a shallow freshwater lake in southern Sonoma County, California, United States. The lake, nestled within the southern vestiges of the Sonoma Mountains, is the site of significant Native American prehistoric seasonal settlement. In 2005, Sonoma County acquired the entirety of the lake and virtually its whole drainage basin from the Cardoza family for the sum of $18 million; the County's intention is to utilize the property as Tolay Lake Regional Park for ecological and archaeological preservation, as well as public use and enjoyment. Tolay Lake and its immediate drainage area is home to several nesting pairs of Golden eagles, "Aquila chrysaetos", and a number of rare, threatened or endangered species including the California red-legged frog, "Rana draytonii"; Western pond turtle, "Actinemys marmorata"; and Western burrowing owl, "Athene cunicularia".
Tolay Lake was initially altered about 1850 by European settlers who dynamited a natural earth dam on the lake's south side, in order to enable more intensive agricultural cultivation and grazing of the basin; at times thereafter, the lake typically became almost dry in the summer months, when rainfall in this region is at its seasonal nadir. Another modern alteration is the construction of an east-west earthen causeway that effectively bisects the lake, impeding thorough water circulation and fragmenting plant and animal colonies of the lake.
History.
Dating to at least 4,000 years, habitation of the original Tolay Lake perimeter occurred on a seasonal basis by the Coast Miwok, Pomo and other native Californians. It is known that this has been a regional gathering place for diverse tribes, probably associated with the beliefs that healing powers were derived from this lake. One of the main bases for this knowledge is the discovery of many prehistoric charmstones and numerous arrowheads in the lake bed. Evidence suggests that these stones were brought from distant parts of California and as far away as Mexico for a ritual in which the native threw the stone into Tolay Lake, with the belief that this act rid the thrower of affliction or disease or would invoke enhanced crop yields. Some of these artifacts are situated in a small museum on site, and a number of them are within the permanent collection of the Smithsonian Museum. These archaeological findings received such widespread attention that the lake was at one time alternatively known as Charmstone Lake.
Greg Sarris, chairman of the Federated Indians of Graton Rancheria of Coast Miwok or Pomo descent has said: "The lake and surrounding area was highly sacred and was considered one of three areas in all of northern California where Indian nomads from different tribes convened for sacred ceremonies and the exchange of ritual objects and songs for the purpose of healing." He also said the 1000 charmstones discovered there, to date are: "the most significant discovery of cultural material for my people, but no doubt for all native people in California." 
José Altimíra, founder of Mission San Francisco Solano described the lake in 1823, saying: "We found on said hillock, a little further on, the large lake of Tolay--named after the chief of the Indian nomadic tribals"(Mr.Hukalaka Tolay), who in former times settled there. Its width at some parts is, with little difference, one hundred and fifty varas (), at others two hundred varas (), and at one point one-fourth of a league, which is also its length."
In the mid-nineteenth century European settlers began to develop the Tolay Basin agriculturally along with the Sonoma Valley and Petaluma River Basin. Initially the Europeans compromised the natural earthen dam that impeded outflow at the southern end of the lake, primarily by dynamite. This hydrologic change reduced the lake size by approximately 50 percent and enabled more intensive grazing as well as growing of crops. The Tolay Lake basin's agricultural use expanded until about 1940 when the Cardoza family purchased the 1737 acre (7.03 km²) holding and called it the Cardoza Ranch.
The Cardozas made further improvements to the ranch containing Tolay Lake and retained ownership until 2005. During the Cardoza tenure, numerous road and fence additions were made as well as well crafted dry stone bridge and wall structures; these changes were introduced to facilitate the cattle grazing, pumpkin farming and other farming uses. In 2005 the Board of Supervisors of Sonoma County entered into an option purchase agreement of the entire property for a striking price somewhat below the appraised land value. The Cardozas retain ownership to the considerable collection of charmstones found prior to the date of this contract. Subsequently the County exercised its option and as of 2007 has active planning underway to place this holding into the county's park system. On September 20, 2006, Sonoma County found that the conversion to a public park may have a significant impact on the environment and thus a full Environmental Impact Report must be prepared. As of February, 2007 public access is on a limited ranger-guided appointment basis only.
Each autumn in recent years the Cardoza family opened the Ranch to about 20,000 visitors to witness the annual pumpkin festival from the harvest of lakebed cultivated production. It is not known whether this tradition will continue under County management.
Hydrology.
The Tolay Lake basin is a bowl shaped structure confined by two north-south running ridges of the southern Sonoma Mountains. Tolay Lake is fed by 18 separate springs distributed around the perimeter of the lake, some of which develop into intermittent streams. The largest such stream known as Cardoza Creek feeds Tolay Lake from the southeast. The winter maximum lake depth varies typically between four and eight feet (1 and 2 m) deep depending upon that season's rainfall. Tolay Lake functions more as a large freshwater marsh based upon extensive aquatic sessile vegetation and shallow depths.
The lake surface level is at an altitude of approximately 150 feet (46 m) above mean sea level, while the highest point in the watershed is on Cougar Mountain on the eastern ridge, which attains an elevation of about 800 feet (240 m). At the southern end of the lake Tolay Creek provides a virtually perennial outlet; Tolay Creek thence flows in a southerly course to discharge into the Napa Sonoma Marsh adjoining San Pablo Bay, the northern arm of San Francisco Bay. There are several ponds within the Tolay Lake Basin, including two large artificial ponds clearly separate from the lake; these ponds serve as watering sources for cattle and are also habitat to some of the native species of amphibians and reptiles associated with Tolay Lake. Another modern alteration is the construction of an east-west earthen causeway that effectively bisects the lake, impeding thorough water circulation and fragmenting plant and animal colonies of the lake. Annual rainfall in the Tolay Lake Basin is approximately 29 inches (740 mm).
Architectural/cultural.
Present in the Tolay Lake Basin are a number of well-preserved architectural features, most notably a set of ranch buildings, many of which date from the first half of the twentieth century. Most of these structures were erected by the Cardoza family as integral elements of a working ranch. They represent an opportunity for preservation not only of an architectural style from this earlier era, but also as a complete collection of the building types involved in a broad function Sonoma County ranch, not dissimilar in function to its 19th-century predecessor. The county is analyzing alternative uses of some of the structures that not only offer preservation, but integration into the educational themes that are to embody the future Tolay Ranch Regional Park.
The county is also actively consulting with representatives of Native American groups that are descendants of early tribes who used the site. These discussions are for the purpose of portraying the lives of prehistoric inhabitants in a faithful and sympathetic manner, and examining opportunities for cultural education. For example, this project offers an opportunity for the Native American community to cultivate and restore large tracts of Purple Needle Grass,
California's official state grass. This grass is the preferred material utilized by the California Indian Basket Weavers for teaching children the art of basket weaving.
Flora and fauna.
Considerable biodiversity is found in Tolay Lake and the surrounding hills of the Sonoma Mountains; historical habitats include the lacustrine or marsh environment; grasslands and California oak woodland on higher elevations especially in the steep upland ravine areas. The lake itself has a diverse flora and fauna, including several threatened and endangered species including the California red-legged frog, "Rana draytonii" and Western Pond Turtle, "Actinemys marmorata".
Because of the numerous natural fresh water seeps, wildlife is abundant in the Tolay watershed, including the upland areas. The valley harbors several significant species, including the Burrowing Owl, "Athene cunicularia"; Golden Eagle, "Aquila chrysaetos"; White-tailed Kite, "Elanus leucurus"; California Horned Lark, "Eremophila alpestris"; and the endangered Tricolored Blackbird, "Agelaius tricolor". Tolay Lake is also one of only two known locations in the Bay Area that produce a special "moist prairie grass".
Habitat restoration.
One of Sonoma County's primary purposes in acquiring the Tolay Lake watershed is the ecological restoration of this area to its pre-European settlement condition. In that earlier era the lake would have been double its present size and native marshes, grasslands and even some upland forested areas would have been in greater evidence, prior to the destructive force of cattle grazing and other intensive agricultural practices. Sonoma County is accepting public comment as of February, 2007 to understand the views of scientists and the general public regarding the outcome restoration strategy and how that is balanced with some form of public access.
For the lake itself, there is the prospect of greater size, depth and increased water circulation; additionally there is the potential of re-integration of the two lake segments, which are presently divided by the man-made earthen causeway. Breaching of this causeway would mitigate the effects of fragmented floral and faunal colonies and associated pressures of local colony extinction.
Tolay Lake restoration fits into a regional mosaic of open space, conservation easements and wildlife areas in the process of being enhanced. These efforts all link to the wetlands and uplands adjoining the San Pablo Bay marshes, which areas are known to comprise one half of all the wetlands capable of restoration in the entirety of San Francisco Bay. Ongoing vicinity acquisition efforts further expand the regional landscape of baylands restoration: Petaluma Marsh properties, Dickson Ranch, the New North Point former casino site, and Skaggs Island. According to a non-profit environmental organization, Friends of Tolay Lake Park: The Tolay land acquisition is magnified by "this integrated effort to regain some of the connections and integrity of the area’s natural systems; together, their restoration will greatly improve the chances of survival for endangered marsh and upland species and will contribute to the overall health of San Francisco Bay".
One drawback to the site ecological restoration is the presence of a major noise generator, Infineon Raceway, immediately to the north; the potential effects of raceway noise upon the future desired wildlife enhancement has not been thoroughly investigated. Scientists know from studies in other areas that some animal species are sensitive to man-made noise and may limit their use of certain locales heavily impacted by noise.

</doc>
<doc id="9725181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725181" title="Lush Life (John Coltrane album)">
Lush Life (John Coltrane album)

Lush Life is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1961 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7188. It is assembled from unissued results of three separate recording sessions at Van Gelder Studio in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1957 and 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval.
Personnel.
Tracks 1-3
Tracks 4-5
See also.
The album John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman (1963) includes a version of the Strayhorn song 'Lush Life' with Johnny Hartman's vocal.

</doc>
<doc id="9725206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725206" title="The Blood of Yingzhou District">
The Blood of Yingzhou District

The Blood of Yingzhou District (; translation: The Children of Yingzhou) is a 2006 short film documentary directed by Ruby Yang and produced by Thomas F. Lennon. The film is about the effect of AIDS on orphans in Yingzhou District of Fuyang, Anhui, China. It won the 2007 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.
The film documents the plight of young orphans in Anhui whose parents have died after contracting AIDs as a result of infection while donating blood to earn income, and who sometimes do not receive care in their village since many people in the villages are terrified that they may be infected as a result of contact with the children.

</doc>
<doc id="9725216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725216" title="Tour Mudcats">
Tour Mudcats

The Tour Mudcats are a professional roller hockey team from Pennsylvania, which competes in NARCh Pro tournament series and TORHS tournament series. They are arguably one of the best and most well-known inline hockey teams in the world. 
Championships.
2012 TORHS Winter Nationals, Defeated Detroit Tour Bordercats 4-2, Detroit, MI
2010 NARCh Finals, Defeated Mission Labeda Snipers 3-2, San Jose, California
2009 NARCh Finals, Defeated Mission Syndicate 2-1, Toronto, Canada
2009 NARCh West Coast WinterNationals, Defeated Pama Cyclones 7-1, San Jose, California
2008 TORHS Winter Trifecta, Defeated Pama Cyclones 9-4, Bethpage, NY
2006 TORHS WinterNationals, Defeated Pama Cyclones, PA
2005 NARCh Finals (Defeated KTEK) @ Germain Arena in Estero, FL
2003 NARCh WinterNationals (Defeated Mission DNA) @ Crystal Palace in Las Vegas, NV
2002 NARCh WinterNationals (Defeated Team Tour Labeda) @ Crystal Palace in Las Vegas, NV
Current Roster.
Brett Leggat (ON, CAN)
CJ Yoder (PA, USA)
Jami Yoder (PA, USA)
Brian Yingling (PA, USA)
Tommy Bruce (NY, USA)
Alex Carroll (MO, USA)
JT Bovee (CO, USA)
Jason Allan (ON, CAN)
JP Bielstein (MO, USA)
Sean Sullivan (NJ, USA)
Thomas Woods (BC, CAN)
Chris Peterson (MI, USA)
Michael Inouye (CA, USA)

</doc>
<doc id="9725219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725219" title="Crete spiny mouse">
Crete spiny mouse

The Crete spiny mouse ("Acomys minous") is a threatened species of mouse endemic to Crete. It is characterized by the coarse, stiff hairs on its back and tail and a notably grayer coloration and more pointed face than other species of spiny mice. Its fur color varies from yellow to red, gray or brown on its face and back, with white fur on its underside. It is a nocturnal forager, feeding mainly on grass blades and seeds, and builds only a very rudimentary nest. 
The gestation is between five and six weeks, which is unusually long for a mouse. At birth, other females clean and assist the mother. The young are well developed with open eyes when they are born.

</doc>
<doc id="9725224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725224" title="Esther McCoy">
Esther McCoy

Esther McCoy (Horatio, Arkansas, November 18, 1904–December 30, 1989) was an American author and architectural historian who was instrumental in bringing the modern architecture of California to the attention of the world.
Early life and education.
Born in Horatio, Arkansas, Esther McCoy was raised in Kansas. She attended the Central College for Women, a preparatory school in Lexington, Missouri, prior to a college career which took her from Baker University, to the University of Arkansas, then to Washington University, and finally the University of Michigan. She left the University of Michigan in 1925, and by 1926 was living in New York City and embarking on a writing career.
California and later life.
In 1932 McCoy was diagnosed with pneumonia and headed West for Los Angeles to recover. She purchased in a bungalow in the Ocean Park section of Santa Monica in the late 1930s, where she lived for the remainder of her life, although she traveled widely. During World War II, McCoy worked as a draftsman for R.M. Schindler after being discouraged from applying to USC's architecture school due to her age and sex. After a long and varied writing and teaching career, she died in December 1989.
Fiction and Journalism.
In 1929, McCoy began to publish fiction, her work appearing in noted magazines such as "The New Yorker" and "Harper's Bazaar", as well as in University quarterlies. Her short story "The Cape" was featured in "The Best American Short Stories of 1950." In 1924, McCoy had met author Theodore Dreiser, and for more than a decade she conducted research for him. She wrote novels, short stories and screenplays during her years in New York and after moving to Los Angeles. She continued to write fiction into the 1960s, though her first significant article on architecture had been published in 1945. McCoy and a friend, Allen Read, co-authored a series of detective novels under the pseudonym "Allan McRoyd."
McCoy was also a journalist and active member of the Left who wrote for "Direction", Upton Sinclair's "EPIC" Poverty in California "News", and the "United Progressive News".
Architectural writing.
From 1950 until her death in 1989, McCoy was a frequent contributor to John Entenza's Los Angeles-based magazine "Arts & Architecture", to "Architectural Forum", "Architectural Record", and "Progressive Architecture", as well as to European magazines such as "L'Architectura" and "Lotus". She also wrote pieces on architecture for "The Los Angeles Times" and "The Los Angeles Herald-Examiner".
Her first major book, published in 1960, was "Five California Architects", the first work to bring to the attention of a wide audience the works of pioneer California modernists Charles and Henry Greene, Irving Gill, Bernard Maybeck, and the Los Angeles-based Austrian emigre Rudolf Schindler. This book was followed by others devoted to the Case Study Houses sponsored by "Arts & Architecture", Schindler's fellow emigre Richard Neutra, and architects Craig Ellwood, Calvin C. Straub, among others.
During this era she also wrote catalogues for a number of gallery and museum exhibitions devoted to modern California architecture, and contributed essays to numerous other exhibition catalogues. She lectured at the University of Southern California and at UCLA, and transcribed and catalogues Richard Neutra's papers in the UCLA archives.
In addition to her work in California, McCoy wrote extensively on Italian architecture, making several extended trips there during the 1950s and 1960s, and she was curator of an exhibition entitled "Ten Italian Architects" which was mounted by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. In recognition of her research and writing on Italian architecture, the Italian government in 1960 awarded her the Star of the Order of Solidarity.
McCoy's last work was an essay for the catalog of an exhibition on the Case Study Houses which was mounted by the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art. She died in Santa Monica in December, 1989, one month before the exhibition opened.
Her extensive collection of papers, and her numerous slides and photographs, are held by the Archives of American Art of the Smithsonian Institution.
In March 2012, East of Borneo Books published "", the first collection of McCoy's writings, edited and with an essay by writer Susan Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="9725229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725229" title="IIA">
IIA

IIA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9725235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725235" title="Mark Warschauer">
Mark Warschauer

Mark Warschauer is a professor in the Department of Education and the Department of Informatics at the University of California, Irvine, director of UCI's Ph.D. in Education program, and founding director of UCI's Digital Learning Lab. He is the author or editor of eight books and more than 100 scholarly papers on topics related to technology use for language and literacy development, education, and social inclusion.
Intellectual contribution.
Warschauer’s contributions fall in four areas:
Warschauer is among education researchers that recognize the potential of technologies, such as laptops, for fostering increased learning opportunities for second language learners. His several books on the topic, including "Internet for English Teaching", "Virtual Connections", "Telecollaboration in Foreign Language Learning", and "Network-Based Language Teaching", attracted the attention of second and foreign language teachers and researchers around the world. In these books, Warschauer critiqued previous views of computer-assisted language learning, which often emphasized tutorials of grammar and vocabulary, and instead articulated a vision of global citizenship and agency through online communication and research.
Warschauer expanded this vision with his book "Electronic Literacy: Language, Culture, and Power in Online Education". This book focused on two themes that became prominent in his career: the particular skills and competency involved in becoming literate in the digital age, and the impact of this digital literacy on overcoming the marginalization of culturally and linguistically diverse learners.
Warschauer’s book "Technology and Social Inclusion: Rethinking the Digital Divide", and his numerous articles on the same topic, including one in "Scientific American", critiqued the traditional view of the digital divide as focused narrowly on hardware and software, and instead illustrated how social relations, human capital, culture and language were all critical for shaping people’s access to and use of new information and communication technologies. The book was based on Warschauer’s research on technology, education, and social development projects in Egypt, Brazil, China, India, and the U.S.
Warschauer’s most recent area of research focuses on laptop computers in education. His book, "Laptops and Literacy: Learning in the Wireless Classroom" analyzes how students learn to read, write, think, conduct research, and produce media in the laptop classroom. Though mostly a positive account, it includes enough negative examples to illustrate a point central to all of Warschauer’s work, that of technology as intellectual and social amplifier. In this case, laptops were demonstrated to help good schools become better, but only exacerbated problems in troubled schools.
Background.
Warschauer served as a faculty researcher and doctoral candidate at the University of Hawaii, where he published several of his early books and also organized two seminal international symposia on technology and language learning. While at the University of Hawaii, Warschauer also founded and edited "Language Learning & Technology", one of the first peer-reviewed academic journals published on the World Wide Web.
Following Hawaii, Warschauer took a position as director of educational technology on a large language education US aid project in Egypt. Warschauer’s work in Egypt, which he wrote about extensively, also served as a basis for his publications on the digital divide.
Since 2001, Warschauer has been a professor in the Department of Education and the Department of Informatics at the University of California, Irvine, where he also contributes to the Center for Research on Information Technology and Organizations and the Ada Byron Research Center for Diversity in Computing and Information Technology. Warschauer is the founding director of the PhD in Education program at UC Irvine, one of the few graduate programs in the U.S. that includes a specialization in Language, Literacy, and Technology.
Recognition.
Warschauer was the recipient in 1998 of the Educational Testing Service/TOEFL Policy Council Award for outstanding international contribution in the field of technology and language learning. His books have been translated into Chinese, Japanese, and Portuguese and have been critically acclaimed in fields as diverse as education, media studies, cultural studies, communication, sociology, and information studies. He has been a keynote speaker at conferences in education and applied linguistics throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9725237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725237" title="TORHS">
TORHS

TORHS (Tournament Of Roller Hockey Series) is a competitive roller hockey tournament series. 
The Tier I Pro Division features a cash prize of up to $50,000 to the winning team.

</doc>
<doc id="9725280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725280" title="Charles Moss (bishop of Bath and Wells)">
Charles Moss (bishop of Bath and Wells)

Charles Moss (3 January 1711/12 – 13 April 1802) was an Anglican clergyman who served as Bishop of St David's from 1766 to 1774 and Bishop of Bath and Wells from 1774 to 1802.
Biography.
Born in Postwick, Norfolk, England, Moss was son of William Moss, a grazier and large landowner of Postwick. He was educated under Mr Reddington at Norwich School and at Caius College, Cambridge. He graduated BA in 1831, ordained by Priest Thomas Gooch at Bristol in 1837, and was a fellow of Caius from 1835 to 1839.
Moss served as prebendary of Warminster, (1738–1740) and of Hurstbourne and Burbage, Diocese of Salisbury, (1740–1786); as residential canon of Salisbury, 1746–1786; Archdeacon of Colchester, St. Paul's Cathedral, London, (1749–1766). In 1752 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society and served as their Vice-President from 1766 to 1768.
From 1758 to 1766, Moss was a Chaplain to the King. Moss also served as rector of St George's, Hanover Square, London beginning in 1759 and remained in that post when he was appointed Bishop of St David's in 1766. He was translated to Bath and Wells in 1774, remaining in that post until his death in 1802. As Bishop of Bath and Wells, he was one of the three bishops to consecrate William White and Samuel Provoost, the second and third American Episcopal bishops, respectively, in 1787.
Moss died in London and was buried at Grosvenor Chapel, South Audley Street, London.
Family.
Out of a fortune of £140,000, he bequeathed £20,000 to his only daughter, wife of Dr. King, and the remaining £120,000 to his only surviving son, Dr. Charles Moss, a graduate of Christ Church, Oxford (B.A. 1783 and D.D. 1797), and chaplain of the House of Commons in 1789, whom his father had appointed archdeacon of Carmarthen, January 1767, and archdeacon of St. David's in the December of the same year. 
He also gave him the sub-deanery of Wells immediately after his translation in 1774, and the precentorship in 1799, and three prebendal stalls in succession ; in 1807 he was made bishop of Oxford, and died on 16 December 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="9725281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725281" title="UCTV (University of Connecticut)">
UCTV (University of Connecticut)

UCTV is a student television station run entirely by undergraduate students on the Storrs campus at the University of Connecticut's "Huskyvision" cable system. UCTV can be seen on channel 14 on the UConn campus. UCTV offers its members hands on experience in the broadcast and entertainment industry, including practical experience in broadcast news, finance, music, sports, marketing, and studio operations.
History.
UCTV first launched back in 1991 as the only student-run television station on the Storrs campus of the University of Connecticut. Later that year, puppetry majors Mark Gale, Tim Lagasse, Dave Regan and English Major Andy Heidel launched UCTV's first-ever show, a puppet comedy known as "Egghead and Shively." With Gale playing Egghead, a one-eyed puppet with a smoking addiction, and Lagase portraying Shively, a caffeine-addicted puppet with a receding hairline, the show's four episodes were a hit on the UConn campus and quickly launched UCTV into campus-wide prominence. In the 18 years that have followed, UCTV has generated many well-known productions spanning a wide variety of genres, from news and sports, to music and sketch comedy among others. In the 2008-2009 academic year, UCTV reached the height of its production capabilities, rolling out a comprehensive 24-hour schedule featuring 20 student-made programs, including four sports shows, two talk shows, and even its own reality show. The station has also reached the height of its on-campus popularity and involvement, with over 100 students volunteering at UCTV as of 2009.
Location.
UCTV's studio is currently located in suite 409 of the University of Connecticut Student Union building. When it first began back in 1991, UCTV was located in the basement of the Wilbur Cross Library. The station then moved to a small house on King Hill Road next to Ted's Restaurant and Bar. It later moved to the ground floor of the Vinton Dormitory in the Towers Quadrangle student housing complex. When UConn completed construction and renovation on its new Student Union, there was a spot for UCTV, complete with a studio, master control room, editing suite, lobby and small office for Board Members. The station can still be found here, in room 409 next to WHUS-FM, the campus radio station.
Current Productions.
Entertainment Productions.
I Did Your Mother!
An extremely controversial show that stretched the limits of first amendment rights. This show caused much controversy on campus.
The Website.
UCTV launched its own website in 2003 at uctv.uconn.edu. Since then, the site has undergone a number of transformations in order to expand the site and make it more interactive for viewers. In 2008, the new uctv.uconn.edu website was launched, offering staff profiles, picture galleries and full episodes of all UCTV shows. The site was further improved in the spring of 2010. Plans are currently in the works to offer live streaming video of UCTV-14 on the website.

</doc>
<doc id="9725315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725315" title="Four Bird Brothers">
Four Bird Brothers

The tale of Four Bird Brothers are folk legend that repeatedly appears in Lee Yeongdo's fantasy novel "The Bird That Drinks Tears" and its sequel "The Bird That Drinks Blood". In the fictional world of the series, according to the legend of "Kitalzer Hunters" there were once four bird brothers who each had taste for different kind of liquids. Sometimes in a form of story and sometimes in a form of riddle, the tale of this four brothers appears repeatedly throughout both "The Bird That Drinks Tears" and "The Bird That Drinks Blood". The tale is told in many different versions by many different characters, and are often used as many different symbolic figures that represents themes that run through two novels.
The original riddle.
The tale of Four Bird Brothers first appeared in the novel "The Bird That Drinks Tears", through the mouth of the character Keygon Draka. The riddle involves four brother birds, who each had different tastes. One bird drank water, one drank poison, one drank blood and one drank tears. There are four riddle that can be asked, each one with a different answer.
One riddle that involves the four bird brothers, the riddle that Keygon asks, is "Which bird will die earliest?". The proper answer for this riddle is that the bird that drinks tears will die earliest, even though it may seem that the bird that drinks poison will die earlier. This is due to that tear represents sadness of people. 
Another riddle that involves this tale is "Which bird will live longest?" The proper answer for this is that the bird that drinks blood will live longest, although every one dislikes blood-drinking bird due to the smell of blood.
The third possible riddle is "Which bird will fly fastest?" The proper answer for this is that the bird that drinks water will fly fastest.
The last possible riddle is "Which bird will fly slowest?" The proper answer for this is that the bird that drinks poison will fly slowest.
In addition, the most sharpest thing is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9725318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725318" title="Mission Arizona Strike">
Mission Arizona Strike

Mission Arizona Strike was a professional roller hockey team, that competed in the NARCh Pro tournament series.

</doc>
<doc id="9725335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725335" title="Aikido styles">
Aikido styles

Though the art of aikido is characteristically different from other Japanese martial arts, it has a variety of identifiable styles within the family of organizations descending from the teachings of Morihei Ueshiba.
Pre-war aikido.
In the pre-war period, aikido was still in formation and had not yet established itself as a separate art from that of Daito-ryu aiki-jujutsu. However, it was fast attaining an identity of its own. In 1942, the Dai Nippon Butoku Kai, in its efforts to standardize Japanese martial arts, came to an agreement with representatives of Ueshiba's school that the name aikido would be used to refer to the jujitsu derived art form Ueshiba had brought to prominence.
Post-war aikido (first 40 years).
In the post war period, the Aikikai Foundation led by the Ueshiba family has become the most successful organisation in terms of growth in numbers and prominence in the public eye. However, it was not the first to bring aikido to prominence in Japan in the immediate post-war period.
Immediately after the war, due to the ban on martial arts imposed by occupying US forces, aikido was not being taught in Tokyo. A number of students including Koichi Tohei and Gozo Shioda took it upon themselves to become active in disseminating aikido. Some years later, Kisshomaru Ueshiba, the Founder's son began to actively revive the Aikikai Headquarters in Tokyo.
From the post-war period until the 1980s, numerous aikido organizations evolved in parallel to the main branch led by the Ueshiba family.
The earliest independent styles to emerge were
The emergence of these styles pre-dated Ueshiba's death and did not cause any major upheavals when they were formalized. Shodokan aikido, did cause some controversy as it introduced a unique rule-based competition that some felt was contrary to the spirit of aikido.
After Ueshiba's death, more senior students branched out on their own to establish independent schools.
Other important styles and organizations include:
Aikido of the modern period (1980 - present).
Today, the Aikikai is an umbrella organization, home to numerous senior teachers and sub-organizations with their own teaching methods and technical characteristics. Leadership of the group has remained centered on the Ueshiba family, and is currently headed by the founder's grandson, Moriteru Ueshiba (植芝 守央 "Ueshiba Moriteru", born 1951).
The current generation of senior teachers continue to branch out on their own, with the senior students of the senior students of the Founder (grand-students) coming to prominence in their own right.
Unrelated arts using the term "aikido".
The above styles can trace their lineage through senior students back to the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba. Two other prominent martial arts use the name aikido but are not directly related. They are Korindo aikido founded by Minoru Hirai (平井 稔 "Hirai Minoru", 1903–1998) and Nihon Goshin aikido (日本護身合気道 "Nihon Goshin Aikidō") founded by Shodo Morita ("Morita Shodo", fl. c.1930s–1962). These schools, with some historical justification, suggest that the name aikido is not the exclusive domain of arts derived from the teachings of Morihei Ueshiba.

</doc>
<doc id="9725350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725350" title="TRPC">
TRPC

TRPC is a family of transient receptor potential cation channels in animals.
TRPC channels form the subfamily of channels in human most closely related to drosophila TRP channels. In terms of structure, this family possesses a number of similar characteristics. At the proximal C-terminus of this sub-family is a TRP box motif containing the invariant EWKFAR sequence and between 3 and 4 ankyrin repeats near the N-terminus. These channels are non-selectively permeable to cations, with a selectivity of calcium over sodium variable among the different members. Many of TRPC channel subunits are able to coassemble.
The predominant TRPC channels in the mammalian brain are the TRPC 1,4 and 5 and they are densely expressed in corticolimbic brain regions, like the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex and lateral septum. The TRPC channels 1,4 and 5 functional group is activated the metabotropic glutamate receptor group 1 agonist DHPG.
In general, TRPC channels can be activated by phospholipase C stimulation, with some members also activated by diacylglycerol. There is one at least one report that TRPC1 is also activated by stretching of the membrane and TRPC5 channels are activated by extracellular reduced thioredoxin.
It has long been proposed that TRPC channels underlie the store-operated channels (SOC) observed in many cell types. These channels open due to the depletion of intracellular calcium stores. Two other proteins, stromal interaction molecules (STIMs) and the ORAIs, however, have more recently been implicated in this process. STIM1 and TRPC1 can coassemble, complicating the understanding of this phenomenon.
TRPC6 has been implicated in late onset Alzheimer's disease.
Role of TRPC Channels in Cardiomyopathies 
Research on the role of TRPC channels in cardiomyopathies is still in progress. An upregulation of TRPC1, TRPC3, and TRPC6 genes are seen in heart disease states including fibroblast formation and cardiovascular disease. The TRPC channels are suspected of responding to an overload of hormonal and mechanical stimulation in cardiovascular disease, contributing to pathological remodelling of the heart. 
TRPC1 channels are activated by receptors coupled to phospholipase C (PLC), mechanical stimulation, and depletion of intracellular calcium stores. TRPC1 channels are found on cardiomyocytes, smooth muscle, and endothelial cells. 
Upon stimulation of these channels in cardiovascular disease, there is an increase in hypertension and cardiac hypertrophy. TRPC1 channels mediate smooth muscle proliferation in the presence of pathological stimuli which contributes to hypertension. Mice with myocardial hypertrophy exhibit increased expression of TRPC1. The deletion of the TRPC1 gene in these mice resulted in reduced hypertrophy upon stimulation with hypertrophic stimuli, inferring that TRPC1 has a role in the progression of cardiac hypertrophy.
TRPC3 and TRPC6 channels are activated by PLC stimulation and diacylglycerol (DAG) production. Both these TRPC channel types play a role in cardiac hypertrophy and vascular disease like TRPC1. In addition, TRPC3 is upregulated in the atria of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). TRPC3 regulates angiotensin II-induced cardiac hypertrophy which contributes to the formation of fibroblasts. Accumulation of fibroblasts in the heart can manifest into AF. Experiments blocking TRPC3 show a decrease in fibroblast formation and reduced AF susceptibility.
TRPC1, TRPC3, and TRPC6 channels are all involved in cardiac hypertrophy. The mechanism of how TRPC channels promote cardiac hypertrophy is through activation of the calcineurin pathway and the downstream transcription factor nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NFAT). 
Pathological stress or hypertrophic agonists will trigger G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) and activates PLC to form DAG and inositol triphosphate (IP3).
IP3 promotes the release of internal calcium stores and the influx of calcium via TRPC. When intracellular calcium reaches a threshold, it will activate the calcineurin /NFAT pathway. DAG activates the calcineurin/NFAT pathway directly.
NFAT translocate into the nucleus and induce gene transcription of more TRPC genes. This creates a positive feedback loop, leading to a state of hypertrophic gene expression and thus, cardiac growth and remodelling of the heart.
TRPC channel’s involvement in well studied signaling pathways and significance in gene impact on human diseases make it a potential target for drug therapy. 

</doc>
<doc id="9725356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725356" title="TRPV">
TRPV

TRPV (Transient Receptor Potential Vanilloid) is a family of transient receptor potential (TRP) ion channels. These channels are selective for calcium and magnesium over sodium ions. Like other members of the TRP superfamily, TRPV channels can be activated through seemingly disparate mechanisms. In vertebrates, several members of the family are sensitive to elevated temperature, making them thermoTRPs.
The first member of this family that was isolated, TRPV1, is also sensitive to capsaicin, the pungent ingredient in "hot" chili peppers and accordingly TRPV1 is also sometimes referred to as the capsaicin or vanilloid receptor.
The number of TRPV channel variants differs between species. Worms have 5, flies only 2, mice and humans 6 distinct receptors. The TRPV receptors can also form heteromers that exhibit unique conductance and gating properties, further increasing their functional diversity.
Discovery.
The first mammalian TRPV channel, named VR1 at the time, was cloned from a rat and characterized in the laboratory of David Julius at the UCSF, and the results were published in the journal "Nature" in 1997. The homolog gene of TRPV1 in "C. elegans" was independently discovered in the same year, and its protein OSM-9 characterized by another research group at UCSF led by Cornelia Bargmann. These discoveries defined the first typical family beyond the classical TRPC channels. The 2nd mammalian TRPV channel was identified in 1999, also by Julius' group. By 2002, Bargmann's group had identified all currently known TRPV genes in "C. elegans" and "D. melanogaster". In the same year three research groups simultaneously identified TRPV3, and characterized its thermal sensitivity.
Structure.
Functional TRPV ion channels are tetrameric in structure and are either homo-tetrameric (four identical subunits) or hetero-tetrameric (a total of four subunits selected from two or more types of subunits). The four subunits are symmetrically arranged around the ion conduction pore. Although the extent of heteromerization has been the subject of some debate, the most recent research in this area suggest that all four thermosensitive TRPVs (1-4) can form heteromers with each other. This result is in line with the general observation that TRP coassembly tends to occur between subunits with high sequence similarities. How TRP subunits recognize and interact with each other is still poorly understood.
The TRPV channel monomeric subunit components each contain six transmembrane (TM) domains (designated S1–S6) with a pore domain between the fifth (S5) and sixth (S6) segments. TRPV subunits contain three to five N-terminal ankyrin repeats.
Activation and functions.
Vertebrates.
TRPV channels can be activated through a variety of mechanisms. TRPV1 to TRPV4 can act as thermometers on a molecular level. Interestingly, each of these channels has a different thermal threshold for activation: TRPV2 is activated at 52 °C, TRPV1 at 43 °C, TRPV3 at 33 °C, and TRPV4 below 33 °C when expressed in transfected permanent cell lines (HEK293 and CHO cells) and in frog oocytes. This has not been proven in sensory neurons where for example no correlation between TRPV2 and heat sensitivity could be shown. TRPV1 is essential for inflammatory thermal hyperalgesia. In addition to noxious heat, TRPV1 is activated by acidic pH, the inflammatory vanilloid compound capsaicin, pungent substances present in black pepper (piperine) and garlic (allicin), the topical analgesic camphor, and the endocannabinoids anandamide and N-arachidonoyl-dopamine. The other TRPV family members are insensitive to vanilloid compounds. TRPV3 is activated by essential oils from clove (eugenol), thyme (thymol) and oregano (carvacrol). TRPV3 is highly expressed in the nose, which may explain why the odors of these plants are associated with a sensation of warmth. Like TRPV1, TRPV3 is also activated by camphor. TRPV4 can be activated by cell swelling caused by 5',6'-ep-oxyeicosatrienoic acid. As of 2008, a knockout mouse model for TRPV2 is not available, making it difficult to assess additional roles of this channel.
The group 2 TRPV5 and TRPV6 are calcium entry channels responsible for calcium absorption in the kidney and intestine respectively. They were originally named "ECaC" and "CAT1". and expression is regulated by the vitamin D receptor (VDR) through the active metabolite calcitriol.
The table below summarizes the functions and properties of the individual TRPV channel family members:
Nematodes.
In "C. elegans", the OSM-9 protein is localized to the AWA sensory cilia. The olfactory function of this protein is confirmed by the fact that "osm-9" mutants have a near-complete defect in the functions of ciliated sensory neurons, called ASH neurons, that act as polymodal nociceptors. These neurons mediate behavioral avoidance of high osmolarity, mechanical stimuli, noxious odors, heavy metals, bitter substances like quinine, and acid pH. Wild "C. elegans" is insensitive to capsaicin, but if it is genetically modified to express TRPV1 instead of "osm-9", then its ASH nociceptor neurons make it avoid capsaicin.
Flies.
In "D. melanogaster", the two TRPV proteins "Nan" ("Nanchung") and "Iav" ("Inactive") play a key role in the auditory
chordotonal neurons in Johnston's organ. Mutations in either of these genes render the fly deaf. A possible explanation for this interdependency is that the two proteins form heteromers in vivo and depend on each other for protein stability. The most intriguiging finding is that alterations to "Iav" (but not "Nan") alters Drosophila's sensitivity to cocaine.
Genes.
There are six human genes encoding TRPV ion channels divided into two groups based on sequence homology and functional similarity:
In C. elegans there are two groups of genes that encode TRPV channels. One group contains a single gene, "osm-9". The second group contains four "ocr" genes ("osm-9"/capsaicin receptor related). In D. melanogaster there are only two genes, one related to "osm-9", called "inactive", and another related to the "ocr" genes, called "nanchung". This observation suggest that the common ancestor of nematodes and files had at least one "osm-9"-like gene and at least one "ocr"-like gene.
As drug targets.
Four TRPVs (TRPV1, TRPV2, TRPV3, and TRPV4) are expressed in afferent nociceptors, pain sensing neurons, where they act as transducers of thermal and chemical stimuli. Hence antagonists or blockers of these channels may find application for the prevention and treatment of pain. A number of TRPV1 selective blockers are currently in clinical trials for the treatment of various types of pain.

</doc>
<doc id="9725358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725358" title="Mission Snipers">
Mission Snipers

The Mission Snipers is a professional roller hockey team from New York which competes in the NARCh Pro and TORHS Pro tournament series.
2013 was yet again another great year for the Labeda Snipers. With new goaltender Troy Redmann (California), they won the NARCh Pro division with an undefeated record throughout the entire tournament. With the #1 seed after round robin play the Snipers took out some great teams on their path to gold. In the playoffs the Snipers beat the Mississauga Rattlers (Quarter Finals 8-1), Mission Next Gen (Semi Finals 2-1) and Alkali RPD (3-2 Finals). Alkali RPD was led by Travis Noe and is currently known as the best player in the world.
In the finals, Pat Cannone scored a nice short side shot over the blocker of Gerald Kuhn. Not too long after that Nathan Finney buried a great pass from Cody Baugh to notch the game up at 1. The Snipers would end the first period with a beautiful rebound goal from Kyle Kraemer that was assisted by Peter Messina. The second period was a battle and RPD could not get that tying goal passed Troy Redmann. Pj Tallo would bury a nice forehand shot over Kuhn's glove to put the Snipers up by a 3-1 score. With a couple of solid penalty kills and great defensive play, the Snipers would only allow RPD to score one more goal to end the game 3-2. Rob Alexander scored a brilliant one passed Redmann. However, that wasn't enough and the Labeda Snipers were crowned the 2013 NARCh Pro Champions.
In 2011, The Mission Labeda Snipers took home the NARCh Pro Finals over the Mission Axiom in a 3-2 contest. Kyle O'Kane started the scoring out with a high glove snipe over the Axiom goaltender. Towards the end of the first period, Travis Fudge (Mission Axiom) lit the lamp to tie the game up a 1-1. As the second period started, both teams were eager to score the next goal. PJ Tallo (Mission Axiom) would put his team up 2-1. Shots were being fired from all cylinders and finally with just around a minute left in regulation, Greg Thompson would tie the game with an outstanding one handed backhand. Overtime would come and Kyle Kraemer would fire a laser beam passed the Mission Axiom goaltender and would crown the Snipers CHAMPIONS!
At NARCh Finals in 2010 (San Jose, CA), the Mission Labeda Snipers finished in 2nd place falling to the Tour Mudcats with under 5 seconds remaining in regulation. The refs a called a controversial penalty that put the Tour Mudcats up on a power play with the game tied at 2-2. Jp Beilsten would score a slap shot from the power play to give the Tour Mudcats the NARCh Cup and the prize money
In 1999, The Mission Snipers and the Detroit Mission Stars received "Inline Hockey Central's" Game of the Year Award. Frank Scioli also received the Player of the Year Award presented by Inline Hockey Central.
In 2007, the Mission Snipers won the NARCh Winter Nationals in Arizona. The D-1 team (who is most of their pro roster) took out the Mission Habs in the Championship game. At that same tournament, the Midget team captured the victory over a strong AKS team. The last summer victory was in 2006, also in the D-1 Division, where they beat the Mission Militia in OT.
2008 East Coast WinterNationals, the Mission Snipers defeated the LA Pama Cyclones in the championship game.

</doc>
<doc id="9725362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725362" title="TRPM">
TRPM

TRPM is a family of transient receptor potential ion channels (the "M" stands for "melastatin"). Functional TRPM channels are believed to form tetramers. The TRPM family consists of eight different channels, TRPM1–TRPM8.
Unlike the TRPC and TRPV sub-families, TRPM subunits do not contain N-terminal ankyrin repeat motifs but, rather, contain entire functional proteins in their C-termini. TRPM6 and TRPM7, for example, contain functional α-kinase segments, which are a type of serine/threonine-specific protein kinase.
Permeability and activation.
The relative permeability of calcium and magnesium varies widely among TRPM channels. 
The mechanism of activation also varies greatly among TRPM channels. 
Functions.
Among the functional responsibilities of the TRPM channels are:

</doc>
<doc id="9725364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725364" title="The Movie Orgy">
The Movie Orgy

The Movie Orgy is a 1968 film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Jon Davison. It is a seven-hour-long compilation of film clips, commercials, and film trailers assembled by Dante when he was a college student.
The film, assembled without permission of the clips' owners, toured colleges and repertory cinemas with support from Schlitz beer.
A digital video version, transferred from original 16mm film and trimmed to approximately 4.5 hours, was eventually produced by Dante.

</doc>
<doc id="9725369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725369" title="William Billingsley (artist)">
William Billingsley (artist)

William Billingsley (1758–1828) was an influential painter of porcelain in Derby and Mansfield and he helped found the Nantgarw Pottery.
Biography.
Billingsley was born in Derby in 1758. He was apprenticed at William Duesbury's Royal Crown Derby Porcelain Works where he learnt to be an outstanding painter of porcelain. Billingsley developed a distinctive style of flower painting, which involved using a loaded brush and then removing the colour using a dry brush. He was particularly associated with borders of roses with the prime example of the "Prentice Plate". This plate was used in the Derby factories to show trainees the standard that was expected. The name of "The Prentice Plate" is a shortening of "Apprentice Plate".
Billingsley decided to leave Derby in 1796 despite protestations that he was too valuable to lose. He appears to have moved constantly and worked at a number of different potteries. First he went to Pinxton, a small village in Derbyshire, where he set up Pinxton porcelain with John Coke where he stayed until 1801. The factory itself continued until 1812 but its products are scarce. Billingsley's further moves took him to Mansfield and later at Torksey, Lincolnshire, where it's thought he first came into contact with potter Samuel Walker, who later married Billingsley's daughter Sarah in 1812, when the group moved to Worcester. Before settling at Worcester, Billingsley approached a number of potteries in search of employment, including the Cambrian Pottery, Swansea, Glamorganshire in 1807.
Billingsley started at Royal Worcester in 1808 where he was instrumental in the firm's refinements of its porcelain recipe. While at Royal Worcester under "Flight, Barr & Barr", Billingsley signed a contract preventing him from disclosing porcelain recipes, however no clause prohibited him from producing porcelain himself. In 1813 Billingsley took his porcelain recipes and lifetime's experience in the industry, along with his daughters Levinia, Sarah and son-in-law Samuel Walker to Nantgarw, Glamorganshire, Wales, where he established the Nantgarw Pottery.
Nantgarw Pottery was established in November 1813, when Billingsley & Walker purchased "Nantgarw House" on the eastern side of the Glamorganshire Canal, eight miles north of Cardiff in the Taff Valley, Glamorganshire, and set about building the kilns and ancillary equipment, in its grounds, necessary to transform the building into a small porcelain pottery.
Billingsley and Walker had brought with them a total of £250 to invest in their project and by January 1814, the Quaker entrepreneur William Weston Young had already become the major share-holder in their venture. It is assumed Young was acquainted with Billingsley through a mutual friend, and fellow earthenware decorator Thomas Pardoe, whom Billingsley had approached at Swansea's Cambrian Pottery, while seeking employment in 1807. Young's work across Glamorganshire as a surveyor may have put him in the position to advise Billingsley, while still at Royal Worcester, of the suitability of the site at Nantgarw.
The pottery was set up, but something of Billingsley & Walker's understanding of the recipe or manufacturing process was amiss, as 90% of the porcelain was ruined in the firing. The resources of the three associates soon ran out, and the group approached the "Committee of Trade and Plantations" asking for a grant of £500, referring to the subsidy the French Government had given the famous Sèvres Porcelain Factory. They were not successful, but one member of the committee, a porcelain enthusiast; Sir Joseph Banks, suggested to his friend and ceramicist Lewis Weston Dillwyn of the Cambrian Pottery of Swansea, should make an inspection.
Dillwyn made the inspection, and saw the extent of the firm's losses, but was so impressed with the quality of the surviving pieces that he offered Billingsley and Walker use of the Cambrian Pottery to improve their recipe and process. An annexe was built for porcelain production at the Cambrian Pottery, where Walker and Billingsley were based from late 1814. The recipe was modified and improved, but was still wasteful enough for Dillwyn to abandon the project and in 1817, the pair returned to Nantgarw. Young reinvested in the pottery at Nantgarw, additionally becoming an art teacher at Cowbridge Free School to help raise the funds. Billingsley and Walker continued to fire their porcelain at a loss however until one day in April 1820, while Young was away in Bristol, the pair absconded to Coalport leaving behind them the lease to the pottery and several thousand pieces of undecorated porcelain in various stages of production.
Billingsley worked for the Coalport Porcelain Works until his death in 1828. Walker and Billingsley's daughter Sarah later emigrated to America where he established the Temperance Hill Pottery in West Troy, New York.
Billingsley's porcelain pieces are one of the main components of the porcelain collection at Derby Museum and Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="9725382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725382" title="Randolph W. Thrower">
Randolph W. Thrower

Randolph William Thrower (September 5, 1913 – March 8, 2014) was a partner at Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP, a law firm with principal offices in Atlanta, Georgia and Washington, D.C. He was born in Tampa, Florida. Thrower, running as a Republican, unsuccessfully challenged incumbent segregationist James C. Davis for a seat in Congress in 1956. He later served as Commissioner of Internal Revenue under President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1971, when he was fired by John D. Ehrlichman "for resisting White House efforts to punish its enemies through tax audits" and as chairman of the City of Atlanta's Board of Ethics from 1980 to 1992. In 1993, Thrower received the American Bar Association Medal, the ABA's highest honor, for his public, professional, and government service. He was the recipient in 1995 of the Court of Federal Claims Special Service Award and received the Tax Section's Distinguished Service Award for 1996. In 1992 he received the Leadership Award of the Atlanta Bar Association and more recently the Segal-Tweed Founders Award of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
According to the New York Times, Thrower was haunted for the rest of his life by the conviction and execution of his client, Will Coxson, for rape, whom Thrower believed to be innocent. Thrower had joined the United States Marines in 1940, and let another lawyer take over the case, believing that Coxson would surely be acquitted on appeal to the Supreme Court of Georgia (U.S. state). Coxson was put to death while Thrower was serving in World War II.
Thrower graduated from Georgia Military Academy in 1930. He received an undergraduate degree from Emory University in 1934 and received his law degree from the Emory University School of Law in 1936. Thrower was presented with the "American Inns of Court Professionalism Award for the Eleventh Circuit" in May 2003. He turned 100 in September 2013 and died in March 2014 at his home in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="9725389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725389" title="WebMethods Flow">
WebMethods Flow

webMethods Flow (known as "flow code" or simply "flow") is a graphical programming language that runs within the webMethods Integration Server. It was designed to simplify tedious, difficult to maintain or error prone aspects of integration/B2B activities.
The webMethods Developer is the IDE in which to write flow code.
History.
webMethods developed flow as a technology to increase the ease and speed of development on their B2B/enterprise integration platform. A language that would be a suitable fit with the desire for a service based application server was another driving force.
Philosophy.
The main driver behind flow syntax was to allow the graphical configuration of the mapping logic that forms the major part of Integration projects. Transformation and conversion of data in a text based programming language quickly becomes unwieldy and cluttered. It is also quite difficult to maintain due to the cumbersome nature. Flow code seeks to alleviate this problem by creating a programming language similar to the way you would indicate mapping of data if your source and destination data formats were placed side by side on a white board and lines connecting source to destination.
The other goal of flow was to allow a service based view of the application. Any existing code is a service. Invoking functionality is akin to treating it as a "black box" requiring certain inputs (which are mapped from your available variables). The results of that operation are then treated as outputs of the "black box". The concept of the "pipeline" is the means by which to pass data to and get results back from invocation of services.
Syntax.
There are the following operators in the flow language:
The operators are stored on disk as XML but this is not generally edited directly, rather the IDE (webMethods Developer) is used.

</doc>
<doc id="9725401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725401" title="Myles W. Scoggins">
Myles W. Scoggins

Myles W. Scoggins, Ph.D is the 16th president of the Colorado School of Mines. He was appointed to the position in June 2006.
Background.
He has over 34 years experience in the global oil and gas business with Mobil and ExxonMobil. Dr. Scoggins began has career with Mobil in 1970 and had assignments throughout the United States, as well as in The Hague, Jakarta, Indonesia and London. He was president of International E & P and Global Exploration and a member of the executive committee of Mobil Oil prior to its merger with Exxon in late 1999. Following the merger, he served as executive vice president of ExxonMobil Production Company until his retirement in 2004.
Dr. Scoggins now serves on the board of directors for Questar Corporation, a natural gas-focused energy company, and Trico Marine Services, Inc., a global provider of marine support to the offshore oil and gas industry. He is also a member of the board of directors of Colorado’s Renewable Energy Authority and the Colorado Oil and Gas Association.
Education.
Dr. Scoggins received his undergraduate education at the University of Tulsa, where he was in the petroleum engineering honors program and was a member of Tau Beta Pi. He received his master’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Oklahoma, and his Ph.D. degrees in petroleum engineering at the University of Tulsa.
ExxonMobil Clean Air Act violation.
While serving as executive vice president for ExxonMobil in Houston, Dr. Scoggins as an officer received a notice of violation letter dated January 19, 2001 from EPA Region 6 citing section 113 (a)(1) of the Federal Clean Air Act for alleged NSR violations at the Baytown Refinery. These and other continuing environmental violations by ExxonMobil were settled in a consent decree in 2005. Under the settlement, ExxonMobil will implement innovative pollution control technologies to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, and particulate matter from refinery process units. ExxonMobil also will adopt facility-wide enhanced benzene waste monitoring and fugitive emission control programs. In addition, ExxonMobil will pay a $7.7 million civil penalty for settlement of the claims in the complaint. Finally, ExxonMobil will undertake $6.7 million in federal and state environmentally-beneficial projects.

</doc>
<doc id="9725402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725402" title="2006 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2006 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2006 Pacific Life Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played between March 8 and March 11, 2006 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The champion of the tournament was UCLA, which received the Pac-10's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. The Most Outstanding Player was Leon Powe of California.
Seeds.
All Pacific-10 schools play in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.
References.
2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide pages 50–60 (PDF copy available at 2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide)

</doc>
<doc id="9725405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725405" title="The Helena May main building">
The Helena May main building

The Helena May main building () is a declared monument of Hong Kong and a membership club located in the Central district on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. The present day building structure remains largely unchanged from its original building structure from 1914.
History.
Constructed in 1914, the building was officially opened on 12September 1916 by Lady May, daughter of Lieutenant General George Digby Barker, British Commanding Officer in China and Hong Kong from 1890 to 1895, as a respite for unaccompanied women arriving in Hong Kong. In 1891, Helena Barker married Sir Francis Henry May, who would become Governor of Hong Kong in 1912. 
During World War II, the building was occupied by Axis Japanese forces and later requisitioned by the Royal Air Force at the end of the war until 1947.
In 1985, The Helena May started accepting the women of all nationalities as residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9725422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725422" title="Montgomery Atwater">
Montgomery Atwater

Montgomery Meigs "Monty" Atwater (1904–1976) was an American avalanche researcher, forester, skier, and author. He is considered the founder of the field of avalanche research and forecasting in North America.
He was born in Baker City, Oregon, and graduated from Harvard College in 1926. He worked a number of jobs including football coach, cattle rancher, and trapper. He lived in Montana in the 1930s and wrote short stories and mysteries, some under the pseudonym of Max Montgomery. During World War II, he served in the 10th Mountain Division as a winter warfare instructor, eventually reaching the rank of captain while in active combat duty and being wounded. After being discharged due to his injury, he served as a forest ranger for the Forest Service in Alta, Utah starting in the autumn of 1945. Over the next two decades he established the first avalanche research center in the Western Hemisphere at Alta, inventing many of the techniques and much of the equipment needed for avalanche forecasting and control.
Atwater served as director of avalanche control during the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, California, successfully preventing any major avalanches during the Games despite a history of huge chairlift-destroying avalanches there. Afterwards he helped develop the Avalauncher, a pneumatic cannon for launching avalanche control explosives, and then retired from the Forest Service in 1964. In 1966, he repeated his masterful job of avalanche control at the alpine skiing World Championships in Portillo, Chile, where the ski area had been almost completely destroyed by massive avalanches only a year earlier but successfully held the Championships unscathed. He also served as a consultant to ski areas, mining companies, and telecommunication companies throughout the mountainous regions of North and South America.
He had three sons, James, Robert and Montgomery. In his later years, he ran a small research lab in Squaw Valley. He died of a heart attack in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9725424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725424" title="United States Military Railroad">
United States Military Railroad

The U.S. Military Railroad (USMRR) was established by the United States War Department as a separate agency to operate any rail lines seized by the government during the American Civil War. The United States Congress authorized President Abraham Lincoln to seize control of the railroads and telegraph for military use in January 1862. In practice, however, the USMRR restricted its authority to Southern rail lines captured in the course of the war. As a separate organization for rail transportation the USMRR is one of the predecessors of the modern United States Army Transportation Corps.
History.
The American Civil War was the first war where railroads were a significant factor in moving troops and supplying forces in the field. The United States Military Railroad organization was established to coordinate this new capability for the Union Army. The USMRR organization benefited from the appointment of experienced railroad men from the private sector. Thomas A. Scott, vice-president of the Pennsylvania Railroad served as an Assistant Secretary of War during the period 1861-1862. In January 1862 Scott prepared a report on military transportation that anticipated the creation of the USMRR. Daniel C. McCallum, former general superintendent of the New York and Erie Railroad, was appointed as Military Director and Superintendent of U.S. Railroads. Herman Haupt former chief engineer of the Pennsylvania Railroad was appointed as Chief of Construction and Transportation in the Virginia theater. The departments in the USMRR tended to operate autonomously although micromanagement from the Secretary of War and overlapping authority between departments did affect their operations. Over time the USMRR would buy, build or capture 419 locomotives and 6,330 cars beyond the rolling stock that was requisitioned from the various Northern railroads. When COL McCallum was first appointed the USMRR system consisted only of 7 miles of the Washington and Alexandria Railroad; however, by war’s end the USMRR exercised control over a network of more than 2,000 miles of military railroads and captured Southern rail lines.
Chattanooga Campaign.
In the fall of 1863 the Confederacy used their interior lines of communication to transfer two divisions and an artillery battalion of LTG James Longstreet’s I Corps, Army of Northern Virginia by railroad from Virginia to Georgia to reinforce GEN Braxton Bragg’s Army of Tennessee. The troops began arriving at the Catoosa Platform, Georgia on September 19, having begun their journey from Virginia on September 9, ultimately only 5 of Longstreet’s 10 infantry brigades arrived in time to participate in the Confederate victory at Chickamauga. Following their defeat, the troops of MG William Rosecrans’ Army of the Cumberland fell back to Chattanooga, Tennessee where they were surrounded by the Confederates who occupied the heights surrounding the town.
The evening of September 23, 1863 the Secretary of War Edwin Stanton convened a meeting with President Lincoln, MG Henry Halleck, Secretary of State William Seward and Treasury Secretary Salmon Chase to review plans to reinforce and relieve the Army of the Cumberland with troops from other Union departments. MG William T. Sherman with 4 divisions of the Army of the Tennessee was already moving east from the vicinity of Vicksburg, Mississippi and expected to arrive in about 10 days. Stanton proposed that reinforcements be sent from the then idle Army of the Potomac, his initial recommendation was to move 30,000 troops in just 5 days to the vicinity of Bridgeport, Alabama. Much debate surrounded the proposal, when asked MG Halleck opined that such a movement would require at least 40 days and even the President doubted that the troops could reach Washington in 5 days. COL Daniel McCallum, head of the USMRR was summoned to the meeting and the given a basic outline of the plan. After making some quick calculations McCallum declared that the proposed operation could be completed within 7 days. The President ultimately gave the order to begin the transfer of troops from the Army of the Potomac to the west, starting the largest troop rail movement of the war. In 12 days the USMRR moved approximately 25,000 men over 1,200 miles overshadowing the Confederacy’s earlier movement of 12,000 men over 800 miles in 12 days.
On September 24 the men summoned to plan the rail movement arrived in Washington to work out the details. Secretary Stanton telegraphed them asking for their assistance even before the President approved the plan. John Garret, president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad; Thomas Scott former Assistant Secretary of War and vice-president of the Pennsylvania Railroad; S. M. Felton, president of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad; William P. Smith, master of transportation for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and COL McCallum. The men at the conference worked out the detailed route planning, a task complicated by the different gauges of railroad track in use at the time. The initial movement of troops from Virginia was allocated to the USMRR under COL McCallum’s direction. John Garret and William Smith would supervise the movement from Washington DC to Jeffersonville, Indiana and Thomas Scott would travel west to supervise the move from Louisville, Kentucky to Bridgeport, Alabama. As finally settled the movement involved 9 different railroads in order get the troops from Virginia to Bridgeport. The USMRR operating on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad from Bealeton, Virginia to Washington DC passed the movement off to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Washington DC to Benwood, West Virginia. At Benwood the troops crossed the Ohio river via a pontoon bridge and boarded Central Ohio Railroad trains to move from Bellaire, Ohio to Columbus. From Columbus troops moved via the Columbus and Xenia Railroad, Little Miami Railroad, and the Indiana Central Railroad to reach Indianapolis, Indiana. From Indianapolis the route used the Jeffersonville Railroad to return to the Ohio River. The troops crossed the Ohio River to Louisville, Kentucky and boarded trains using the tracks of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to reach Nashville, Tennessee. From Nashville the final leg of the trip used the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to deliver the troops to Bridgeport, Alabama.
While the railroad men planned the movement of reinforcements to the west, MG Halleck began issuing the orders that assigned actual units to the move. MG Joseph Hooker, former commander of the Army of the Potomac was assigned to command the eastern reinforcements. MG George Meade the commander of the Army of the Potomac was directed to prepare the XI and XII Corps for movement beginning September 25. At the time the XII Corps’ two divisions were on picket duty along the Rappahannock River and had to be relieved by the I Corps before it could move to the railroad. The XI Corps’ remaining two divisions were deployed to the army’s rear guarding the Orange and Alexandria railroad which simplified their preparations to move. MG Meade initially ordered the XII Corps to march to Brandy Station, but the corps was directed to march 10 miles further up the railroad to Bealeton where there were better arrangements for loading the trains. COL McCallum directed the XI Corps infantry to move to Manassas Junction to board trains but had the corps’ artillery march to Alexandria where the best facilities to load the guns were.
By the end of operations on September 25, 1863 5,800 of the 7,500 soldiers in the XI Corps were on trains headed for Bridgeport. By the morning of September 27 12,600 men, 33 cars of artillery and 21 cars of baggage and horses were in motion. By 10:30 PM September 30 the first 4 trains of troops reached Bridgeport. By October 3 MG Hooker was able to report that all of the XI Corps’ troops were at Bridgeport and the XII Corps was passing through Nashville to begin the final leg of the trip. Moving the troops and artillery did not complete the job. September 27 the railroads began loading the camp baggage, wagons, ambulances, horses and mule teams that were part of the corps. The XI Corps had 261 six mule teams, 75 two horse ambulances, 3 spring wagons and the XII Corps needed 150 four horse teams and 156 six mule teams moved. The last regiment of troops passed through Indianapolis on October 6 and reached its destination October 8, 1863, ending the 1,233 mile troop movement. By October 12 the USMRR and civilian railroads completed to movement of both corps and all of their artillery, transportation, and baggage. From Bridgeport MG Hooker marched his force towards Chattanooga to participate in the fighting to relieve the Army of the Cumberland.
Petersburg Campaign.
At the conclusion of the Overland Campaign in 1864, LTG Grant directed MG Meade to transfer his Army of the Potomac to the south side of the James River in effort to capture the Confederate rail center of Petersburg and sever Richmond’s supply lines. The Union did not capture Petersburg before the city’s defenders were reinforced by troops from GEN Lee’s Army of Northern Virginia. The continual Union movement towards the Confederate flanks gave way to digging as siege operations to isolate the Confederate capitol began in earnest.
LTG Grant established his headquarters on the grounds of Appomattox Manor overlooking the confluence of the Appomattox and James rivers. City Point, Virginia, modern day Hopewell, became the principal logistical base for the Virginia theater supplying the troops of both Meade’s Army of the Potomac and MG Benjamin Butler’s Army of the James. In all the United States Military Railroad supplied more than 100,000 troops and more than 65,000 horses and mules with food, equipment and supplies from the waterfront docks on the navigable portion of the James River at City Point.
Initial railroad operations began when the USMRR rebuilt and restored service along 9 miles of the Petersburg and City Point Railroad’s line. As the Union Army steadily extended its siege lines to the south and west, the USMRR construction corps followed in the Army’s wake extending rail service from City Point to positions behind the new Union left flank. Eventually the USMRR added 21 additional miles of track which partially encircled Petersburg from the east to the southwest. Parts of the USMRR extension are preserved today within the borders of Fort Lee, Virginia where a series of four historic markers show the route that the railroad followed behind the Union lines. When Petersburg was eventually abandoned in 1865 the 25 engines and 275 pieces of other rolling stock had logged a grand total of 2,300,000 operating miles.

</doc>
<doc id="9725431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725431" title="The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses">
The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses

The Contention of Ajax and Ulysses for the Armour of Achilles is a Caroline era stage play, an interlude written by James Shirley and first published in 1659. As its title indicates, the subject of the play is a staple of the classical literature; Shirley most likely drew upon Book 13 of the "Metamorphoses" of Ovid as his direct source, along with Thomas Heywood's play "The Iron Age."
The play was first printed in an octavo volume issued by the bookseller John Crooke, containing both "The Contention" and another play by Shirley, "Honoria and Mammon." The title page states that "The Contention" was "nobly represented by young gentlemen of quality, at a private entertainment of some persons of honour." No specific data about the stage history of either piece has survived, however; both may have been works that Shirley prepared for performance by the schoolboys he taught after the theatres closed with the start of the English Civil War in 1642.
While not one of Shirley's most famous works, "The Contention" contains a funeral dirge that begins "The glories of our blood and state / Are shadows, not substantial things," which has been often excerpted and reproduced, sometimes under the title of "Death the Leveller." Included in collections of familiar quotations, the poem is the most famous and popular work in Shirley's canon; Louisa May Alcott quotes its concluding line in "Little Women." The poem was set to music, and was well known as a song — King Charles II was reportedly fond of it.
Synopsis.
The play is set in the Grecian camp outside the walls of Troy, during the Trojan War; it opens soon after the death of Achilles, with the pages of Ajax and Ulysses disputing the relative worths of their masters. The pages' dispute quickly turns into an argument, and then a fight. The fight is broken up by the entrance of Calchas, who clears away the pages for the debate that is about to occur. The Greek generals and officers, led by Agamemnon and including Menelaus, Nestor, Thersander, and Diomedes, enter and seat themselves to hear the debate; Ajax and Ulysses follow. Ajax begins, and makes long and fulsome speeches in praise of his own valor and prowess in battle; he also attacks the courage and character of his opponent. Ulysses speaks second, and is far more eloquent and perceptive, turning Ajax's bluster against him. Once the contenders withdraw, the generals decide to award Achilles' armor to Ulysses. 
The play's second scene is devoted to Ajax's madness: Ajax has lost his mind as a result of his defeat to Ulysses, and eventually commits suicide. The brief final scene shows Ajax's funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="9725443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725443" title="HydroSerre Mirabel">
HydroSerre Mirabel

HydroSerre Mirabel is a Canadian hydroponic produce company that began in 1980 in Ste-Sophie, Quebec.
Mirabel produces its own line of Boston and Mâche lettuces as well as a spectrum of fresh herbs.
Mirabel announced in 2007 that it would construct a $40 million greenhouse facility in Livingston, Tennessee, its first greenhouse in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9725462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725462" title="Colorado Springs Thunder">
Colorado Springs Thunder

The Colorado Springs Thunder are a professional inline hockey team based in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States. They are members of the Rocky Mountain Division of the Western Conference of the Professional Inline Hockey Association (PIHA). The team's inaugural season was in 2006.
Franchise history.
Founded in 2006 by CJ Yoder.

</doc>
<doc id="9725465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725465" title="Peeler Open Elementary">
Peeler Open Elementary

Peeler Open Elementary School for the Performing Arts is situated at 2200 Randall Street in Greensboro Guilford County, North Carolina. The school has 352 students across Grades KG to 5; and the principal is Marshall Matson.

</doc>
<doc id="9725510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725510" title="George Stephănescu">
George Stephănescu

George Stephănescu (13 December 1843 - 25 April 1925) was a Romanian composer, one of the main figures in Romanian national opera.
Stephănesc was born and died in Bucharest. He graduated from the Bucharest Academy of Music. In 1877, Stephănescu was appointed conductor of the National Theater orchestra and Singing teacher at the Academy. 
While teaching the opera singers at the Academy, he aimed to gradually develop the National Theater's musical repertoire from vaudevilles to musical comedies and finally to opera. In 1885, he founded the first opera company in the Kingdom of Romania. It disbanded in 1902 when the government cut its financial support.
Stephănescu is noted for having used works by many poets as librettos or texts for his compositions — among them, the locals Vasile Alecsandri, Mihai Eminescu, Traian Demetrescu, Alexandru Vlahuţă and the foreigners Victor Hugo and Alfred de Musset.

</doc>
<doc id="9725512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725512" title="Ehime Broadcasting">
Ehime Broadcasting

, also known as EBC, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the FNN. Their headquarters are located in Matsuyama, Ehime Prefecture.
Other Links.
Television Ehime official site

</doc>
<doc id="9725515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725515" title="River City Whalers">
River City Whalers

The River City Whalers are a professional inline hockey team based in St. Peters, Missouri. They compete in the PIHA

</doc>
<doc id="9725526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725526" title="The Last Trane">
The Last Trane

The Last Trane is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1965 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7378. It is assembled from unissued results of three separate recording sessions at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1957 and 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval. 

</doc>
<doc id="9725528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725528" title="Delta Air Lines Flight 9570">
Delta Air Lines Flight 9570

Delta Air Lines Flight 9570 crashed on 30 May 1972 at the Greater Southwest International Airport in Fort Worth, Texas while conducting a training flight. The aircraft, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-14, began to oscillate about the roll axis after crossing the runway threshold during a landing approach, then rolled rapidly to the right and struck the runway with the right wing low. This flight's crash has been attributed to wake turbulence behind a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 that made a touch-and-go landing ahead of it. The plane's occupants consisted of three pilots and an FAA inspector, all of whom were killed in the crash and subsequent fire. The resulting investigation prompted changes to the minimum distance that aircraft must keep when following "heavy" aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="9725560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725560" title="A Chrysanthemum Bursts in Cincoesquinas">
A Chrysanthemum Bursts in Cincoesquinas

Un crisantemo estalla en cinco esquinas () is a 1998 Argentine, Brazilian, French, and Spanish film, written and directed by Daniel Burman, his first feature film. The picture was produced by Diego Dubcovsky. It features José Luis Alfonzo, Pastora Vega, Martin Kalwill, among others.
Film critic Anthony Kaufman, writing for "indieWIRE", an online community of independent filmmakers and aficionados, said Burman's "A Chrysanthemum Burst in Cincoesquinas" (1998) has been cited as the beginning of the "New Argentine Cinema" wave.
Plot.
The story takes place in South America at the turn of the 20th Century. As a child, Erasmo was left with a nurse by his parents, who had to escape a waging civil war. Erasmo is now a grown man. He has lost his parents, and now his foster mother is brutally murdered. He seeks to avenge her death, and the culprit is the landowner and head of state, El Zancudo. Erasmo befriends a poor Jew named Saul, who is prepared to help him in his undertaking. Along the way, Erasmo finds allies, adversaries, love, and then Magdalena.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Berlin International Film Festival on February 11, 1998. It opened in Argentina on May 7, 1998. It screened at the Muestra de Cine Argentino en Medellín, Colombia.
Awards.
Wins

</doc>
<doc id="9725562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725562" title="Merchantville Country Club">
Merchantville Country Club

Merchantville Country Club is the 10th oldest golf course in the United States. It is a 9-hole course located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey. The club was founded on October 13, 1892 under the name "Merchantville Field Club". In 1911, national attention was focused on Merchantville Country Club when their head professional John McDermott, became the first American born professional to win the U.S. Open in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="9725584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725584" title="David Mills (solar researcher)">
David Mills (solar researcher)

David R. Mills (born 1946) is a researcher who has been active in solar energy research in Australia since 1975, working at the University of Sydney as a Principal Research Fellow till 2005. 
Mills specializes in solar thermal electricity development, which he believes is one cornerstone of the future sustainable energy economy. His work is predominately in the field of solar spectrum selective materials and non-imaging optics. The prime focus of his research is planning 24-hour solar plants to eliminate coal use.
In 2002 Mills became chairman of "Solar Heat and Power", an Australian company he co-founded with Professor Graham Morrison (UNSW) and Peter Le Lievre. "Solar Heat and Power" went on to develop innovative CLFR type line focus solar thermal power systems in Australia, Europe, and North America. 
Mills is a former President of the International Solar Energy Society, and was the first Chair of the International Solar Cities Initiative.
He is currently chief scientific officer and co-founder at Ausra Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9725595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725595" title="Citizenship Clause">
Citizenship Clause

The Citizenship Clause (also known as the Naturalization Clause) refers to the first sentence of Section 1 in the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. This clause represented Congress's reversal of that portion of the "Dred Scott v. Sandford" decision that declared that African Americans were not and could not become citizens of the United States or enjoy any of the privileges and immunities of citizenship.
The Civil Rights Act of 1866 had already granted U.S. citizenship to all persons born in the United States "not subject to any foreign power." The 39th Congress proposed the principle underlying the Citizenship Clause due to concerns expressed about the constitutionality of the Civil Rights Act during floor debates in Congress. Further, the Framers sought a ratified constitutional amendment to protect the principle from repeal by any simple majority within a future Congress.
Text.
Amendment XIV, Section 1, Clause 1: 
Senate debate.
The text of the Citizenship Clause was first offered in the Senate as an amendment to Section 1 of the joint resolution as passed by the House.
There are varying interpretations of the original intent of Congress, based on statements made during the congressional debate over the amendment. While the Citizenship Clause was intended to define as citizens exactly those so defined in the Civil Rights Act, which had been debated and passed in the same session of Congress only several months earlier, the clause's author, Senator Jacob M. Howard of Michigan, phrased it a little differently. In particular, the two exceptions to citizenship by birth for everyone born in the United States mentioned in the Act, namely, that they had to be "not subject to any foreign power" and not "Indians not taxed," were combined into a single qualification, that they be "subject to the jurisdiction" of the United States, and while Howard and others, such as Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Lyman Trumbull of Illinois, the author of the Civil Rights Act, believed that the formulations were equivalent, others, such as Senator James R. Doolittle from Wisconsin, disagreed, and pushed for an alternative wording.
There was no recorded debate over who was encompassed by the expression “not subject to any foreign power” or whether these same people were excluded by the wording of the Citizenship Clause. Howard, when introducing the addition to the Amendment, stated that it was “the law of the land already” and that it excluded only “persons born in the United States who are foreigners, aliens, who belong to the families of ambassadors or foreign ministers.” Others also agreed that the children of ambassadors and foreign ministers were to be excluded. However, concerning the children born in the United States to parents who are not U.S. citizens (and not foreign diplomats), three senators, including Trumbull, as well as President Andrew Johnson, asserted that both the Civil Rights Act and the Citizenship Clause would confer citizenship on them at birth, and no senator offered a contrary opinion. Trumbull even went so far as to assert that this was already true prior to the passage of the Civil Rights Act, although Senator Edgar Cowan of Pennsylvania, disagreed, stating that this was only true for the children of Caucasian immigrants. Senator John Conness of California expressed support for the Amendment for giving a constitutional basis for birthright citizenship to all children born in the United States to any parentage (including Chinese noncitizen residents who do not intend to reside permanently in the United States), even though he (and others) thought it had already been guaranteed by the Act, whereas Cowan opposed the Amendment (and Act), arguing that it would have the undesirable outcome of extending citizenship to the children of Chinese and Gypsy immigrants. 
Most of the debate on this section of the Amendment centered on whether the wording in the Civil Rights Act or Howard's proposal more effectively excluded Aboriginal Americans on reservations and in U.S. territories from citizenship. Doolittle asserted, and Senators Reverdy Johnson of Maryland and Thomas A. Hendricks of Indiana concurred, that all Native Americans are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, so that the phrase "Indians not taxed" would be preferable, but Trumbull and Howard disputed this, arguing that the U.S. government did not have full jurisdiction over Native American tribes, which govern themselves and make treaties with the United States. Moreover, they objected to the phrase "Indians not taxed" on the basis that it could be construed as making citizenship dependent on wealth and also that it would allow states to manipulate who is a citizen in their state through tax policy.
Birthright citizenship.
The provisions in Section 1 have been interpreted to the effect that children born on United States soil, with very few exceptions, are U.S. citizens. This type of guarantee—legally termed "jus soli", or "right of the territory"— does not exist in most of Europe, Asia or the Middle East, although it is part of English common law and is common in the Americas.
The phrase ""and subject to the jurisdiction thereof"" indicates that there are some exceptions to the universal rule that birth on U.S. soil automatically grants citizenship.
Two Supreme Court precedents were set by the cases of "Elk v. Wilkins" and "United States v. Wong Kim Ark"."Elk v. Wilkins" established that Native American tribes represented independent political powers with no allegiance to the United States, and that their peoples were under a special jurisdiction of the United States. Children born to these Native American tribes therefore did not automatically receive citizenship under the Fourteenth Amendment if they voluntarily left their tribe. Indian tribes that paid taxes were exempt from this ruling; their peoples were already citizens by an earlier act of Congress, and all non-citizen Native Americans (called "Indians") were subsequently made citizens by the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924.
In "Wong Kim Ark" the Supreme Court held that, under the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, a man born within the United States to foreigners (in that case, Chinese citizens) who have a permanent domicile and residence in the United States and are carrying on business in the United States and who were not employed in a diplomatic or other official capacity by a foreign power, was a citizen of the United States.
Loss of citizenship.
The Fourteenth Amendment does not provide any procedure for revocation of United States citizenship. Under the Supreme Court precedent of "Afroyim v. Rusk", loss of 14th-Amendment-based U.S. citizenship is possible only under the following circumstances:
For jus sanguinis U.S. citizenship, i.e., citizenship for the children born abroad of U.S. citizen parents, which is established only by congressional statute and not the U.S. Constitution (including its amendments), these restrictions do not apply (e.g., cf. "Rogers v. Bellei", 401 U.S. 815 (1971)).
Right to travel.
In "Saenz v. Roe", the Supreme Court held that this clause protects an aspect of the right to travel. Specifically, the "Saenz" Court said that the Citizenship Clause protects a citizen's right to resettle in other states and then be treated equally:
The "Saenz" Court also mentioned the majority opinion in the "Slaughterhouse Cases", which had stated that "a citizen of the United States can, of his own volition, become a citizen of any State of the Union by a bona fide residence therein, with the same rights as other citizens of that State."
Natural-born citizens.
Both the "Oxford English Dictionary" and "Webster's International Dictionary" (3rd edition) define it as a person who becomes a citizen at birth (as opposed to becoming one later). They list this definition as going back to the 16th century. 
"Blacks Law Dictionary" (9th Edition) defines 'Natural Born Citizen' as "A person born within the jurisdiction of a national government."
Section 1 of Article Two of the United States Constitution requires that a candidate for President of the United States be a "natural-born citizen". According to the US Department of State Foreign Affairs Manual: "the fact that someone is a natural born citizen (citizen at birth) pursuant to a statute does not necessarily imply that he or she is such a citizen for Constitutional purposes."
The majority opinion by Justice Horace Gray in "United States v. Wong Kim Ark" observed that: The constitution nowhere defines the meaning of these words ["citizen" and "natural born citizen"], either by way of inclusion or of exclusion, except in so far as this is done by the affirmative declaration that 'all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States.' This observation by Gray about the term "natural-born citizen" was "obiter dicta", since the case did not involve any controversy about presidential eligibility.

</doc>
<doc id="9725604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725604" title="Schistostega">
Schistostega

Schistostega pennata, also called goblin's gold or luminous moss or luminescent moss, is a moss known for its glowing appearance in dark places. It is the only member of the family Schistostegaceae. The moss's greenish-gold glowing appearance is due to the clear, spherical cells in the protonema that can collect even the faintest light like lenses, and the chloroplasts nearby in turn give off the greenish glow from the reflected light.
It is easily outcompeted by other mosses and plant species in open lighter areas, but its ability to reflect light allows it to grow in shady places that other plants cannot survive. It prefers damp mineral soils with a source of dim light, such as reflection from a pool, overturned tree roots, and entrances to animal burrows.
"S. pennata" is found in China, Japan, Siberia, Europe, and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="9725606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725606" title="Dick Cepek">
Dick Cepek

Richard "Dick" Cepek (November 28, 1930 – March 1, 1983) was an American off-road motorsports hall of famer. He is known for starting a 4x4 offroad tire and parts supplier in 1963. Dick Cepek Tires was one of the first off-road enterprises.
Early life.
Cepek was born on November 28, 1930 in Hillsboro, Wisconsin. Afterwards, his family moved to Columbus, Ohio, where his father worked in the maintenance department at a trucking company. Cepek served in the United States Navy in the 1950s. He married Dorothy Mudd in 1954 while he was working for Westinghouse Electric.
Career.
Soon after marriage he was transferred to South Gate, California. In 1958 he purchased a Land Rover, which he used to explore the California desert. He began riding on group excursions into the desert. While on these excursions, he saw the need for wider, more durable tires for off-roading. He had Armstrong Rubber build him wider tires for his Land Cruiser. Soon other group members wanted wider tires for their vehicles too. He saw the need for the larger off-roading community to purchase tires, so he had Armstrong Rubber build enough tires to fill his one and a half car garage. He took out an advertisement in Sunset magazine. In 1960 he took his wife Dorothy to a for sale barber shop in South Gate. He asked the owner if she would mind if he would rent the space for his tire business. She agreed, and he moved in. He quickly outgrew the space. After being in business for two years, he was able to quit at Westinghouse to dedicate himself full-time to the tire business. He moved the business to an old fire hall down the street. He began selling other off-roading equipment, from shock absorbers and suspensions to camping gear. The business grew to three warehouses and 15 stores, plus a catalog business.
Influence.
Cepek was influential in the growth of organized off-road racing. In 1966 he joined Ed Pearlman and two other teams to set a new record time for a four wheeled vehicle to cross the Baja California peninsula. Pearlman and Cepek crossed the desert in 56 hours, second place behind Claude Dozier and Ed Orr's 41 hours and 45 minutes. Drino Miller and John Lawlor completed the trek in 66 hours. During the crossing, Pearlman and Cepek discussed creating an organization. After the race, Pearlman held a meeting at his house, and created the National Off-Road Racing Association (NORRA). NORRA organized the original Baja 1000 races. Cepek competed in the first three races. He was inducted in the Off-Road Motorsports Hall of Fame in 1978. He also sponsored racers, including fellow Off-road Motorsports Hall of Fame inductees Larry Minor, Rod Hall and Drino Miller.
Death.
Cepek died on March 1, 1983 in South Gate, California. Until 2000, Cepek Tires was run by his son Tom Cepek when it was sold to Mickey Thompson Performance Tires.

</doc>
<doc id="9725613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725613" title="Bede X-ray Metrology">
Bede X-ray Metrology

Bede X-ray Metrology is company based in Durham, England which supplies x-ray analysis equipment for materials science research and x-ray metrology equipment for use semiconductor manufacturing. The company is named after the Venerable Bede, an eighth-century monk and historian who lived near what is now Durham, where the company's worldwide headquarters are located. The company also has operations in Denver, Colorado in the USA. Bede X-ray Metrology is listed on the London Stock Exchange as BED:L.
Company history.
The company was founded in 1978 as "Bede Scientific Instruments Ltd" by Brian Tanner, a physics professor at the University of Durham.
Recently Bede has been acquired by Jordan Valley on April 14, 2008
Areas of expertise.
Bede X-ray Metrology manufactures equipment for the following analytical applications:

</doc>
<doc id="9725640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725640" title="Shawn Little">
Shawn Little

Shawn William Little (October 16, 1964 – November 24, 2012) was a political consultant and Ottawa City Councillor in Ottawa, Canada, for the urban Kitchissippi Ward, consisting of neighbourhoods west of the City Centre. He was born in Ottawa and raised in its Westboro neighbourhood, where he attended Woodroffe Avenue and Broadview Public elementary schools followed by Nepean High School. He earned a bachelor degree in history and political science from Carleton University, and a diploma in health sciences from Humber College. He wrote articles for the Newswest community paper in its early days. He died in November 2012 while vacationing in Cuba.
Political career.
Little was involved in politics from a young age both as a member of the provincial Ontario and Federal Progressive Conservative parties and having worked for Progressive Conservative MP Walter Baker when he was 16 years old. He first ran for election in Goulbourn outside of Ottawa in 1988 at age 24.
Little ran in newly formed Kitchissippi Ward (which included the former Elmdale and Queensboro Wards and finished second to incumbent Joan Wong. He helped lead the effort to oppose the National Capital Commission (NCC) plan to widen the Champlain Bridge, and was a local community leader, volunteer and activist for local organizations, charities and community service groups. Little served as the founding president of the revamped Westboro Community Association, served as a board member for the not-for-profit community-based publication "Newswest" and president of the Westboro Kiwanis Club. He also helped develop and worked with several initiatives reaching out to marginalized youth. As one friend put it: "He talked about the importance of reaching out to youth and getting involved with them before they go down the wrong path".
Ottawa city council.
On his second attempt, in 1997, for a seat on City Council Little was elected to represent Kitchissippi. First elected at age 33, Little was one of the youngest councillors in Ottawa's history (that honour now belongs to Rideau-Vanier councillor Mathieu Fleury, who was first elected at age 25 ). He represented the City at the World Capitals Forum in Tapei, Taiwan in 1997 and was elected to the national Board of Directors as an Ontario Director for the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. In his community, he was known to be a fiscally conservative and socially progressive politician.
During his subsequent nine year council career (1997–2006), Little chaired the City's License Committee and Animal Control Tribunal, was Vice-Chair of the Planning Committee and was a member of the Community and Protective Services Committee, Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee, the City's Task Force on Property Tax Reform and the Priorities and Planning and Budget Committee. He served as a member of the Board of the Ottawa Civic Hospital, a Trustee for the Ottawa Public Library, on the Board of the Westboro Business Improvement Association, Ottawa Board of Health, and as a City Council liaison to the Ottawa Youth Cabinet.
Second term.
In 2000 the former City of Ottawa and surrounding municipalities and townships amalgamated to form the new City of Ottawa. Little again ran for election to represent Kitchissippi Ward against Regional Council member Linda Davis. During the campaign Little supported plans to build a new Loblaws store in the area. The race was one of the most bitter in the city with Little's supporters accused of stealing lawn signs while Davis was accused of leaking libelous, frivolous and fictional material to "Frank" magazine. Little defeated Davis having received close to 50% of votes cast compared to Davis's 40%. Little was one of only three councillors from the former City of Ottawa re-elected to the newly amalgamated Council.
Yet when it was approved, the new Loblaws in Westboro was seen as a victory for the community and one that revamped and revitalized the many small businesses lining Richmond Road and West Wellington Street that were previously in sharp decline.
Third term and later career.
At the 2003 elections Councillor Little sought re-election for a third term. The race attracted many challengers, including Linda Davis. Little was re-elected, receiving a 27% plurality. Little initially decided to stand as a candidate in the 2006 municipal election, but had a change of heart before the elections took place, noting that he had accomplished all of the important goals for the area he set for himself when he first ran for office and endorsed candidate Christine Leadman instead. One of these goals was revitalizing Hintonburg, a neighbourhood that once had 67 known problem rental properties, and drug issues among its population. After leaving politics in 2006, Little managed an Ottawa-based tech company until 2010.
In August 2010, Little returned to politics as a candidate in Ottawa's 2010 municipal elections for the Bay Ward, which was held by incumbent Alex Cullen. Although Little came in fifth place behind candidate Terry Kilrea, Cullen was defeated. At the time of his death, Little lived in Calgary, Alberta where he managed his own political consulting company and remained active in political affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="9725651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725651" title="Michael Olmert">
Michael Olmert

Michael Olmert, born 1940 is a professor of English at the University of Maryland, College Park and a writer. He was born and raised in Washington D.C. His specialty is British Literature. He has a Ph.D. from Maryland in medieval English literature. He has written many shows and television movies for National Geographic and many articles for the Colonial Williamsburg Magazine.
He has written over 90 television documentaries, two plays, and two books. He has been awarded 3 Emmy Awards for his work on the Discovery Channel. In 2001, he received one for writing "Allosaurus: A Walking With Dinosaurs Special". In 2003, he won for "Walking With Prehistoric Beasts". His third award came in 2006 for "Before the Dinosaurs".
Olmert's two plays are entitled "Shakespeare and Lopez" and "Great Creating Nature". The two books he has published are "Milton's Teeth and Ovid's Umbrella" (1996) and "The Smithsonian Book of Books" (1992).
He was inducted into the University of Maryland Hall of Fame in 2005.
He currently lives in Wittman, Maryland with his wife Meg, who is also a writer.

</doc>
<doc id="9725667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725667" title="Pioneer Collegiate Lacrosse League">
Pioneer Collegiate Lacrosse League

The Pioneer Collegiate Lacrosse League (PCLL) is a conference in the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association (MCLA). The PCLL primarily incorporates teams in New England, New York, and New Jersey and is divided into two divisions, Division 1 and Division 2 (formerly A & B). The conference is governed by a five member executive board and the team that wins the conference's divisional playoffs receive bids to the MCLA National Tournament.
History.
In the spring of 1984, players from 15 colleges competed in a club All-Star game held at Dean College. It was during this event that the idea of hosting a New England college club championship germinated. Over the next year meetings between the club lacrosse programs in the New England region were held and by the spring of 1986, four teams gathered at Dean College for a single elimination tournament. In the semi-final match-ups, Boston University defeated the University of Connecticut, 6-5, and Dean College defeated the University of Rhode Island, 14-2. That same day, Dean College became the first "New England Club Champion", defeating Boston University by a score of 6-5.
After two years of successful tournaments, six teams petitioned the US Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (USILA) and the New England Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association (NEILA) for sanctioning of the league. In 1987, Assumption College, Bentley College, Clark University, Dean College, Roger Williams University and Worcester Polytechnic Institute founded the Patriot Lacrosse League. The league's original purpose was to provide structure and legitimacy to the member teams, hoping their institutions would elevate them to varsity status. Five of those six founding Patriot League members were able to obtain their goal. During the spring of 1988, the first Patriot League Championship was played. Dean College defeated Bentley 18-9.
The following year, although Roger Williams departed, the University of Rhode Island and Bryant College were accepted into the league. In the spring of 1990, University of Connecticut and Northeastern University joined the league and at the USILA's request to avoid confusion with the NCAA's Patriot League, the league changed its name to the Pioneer Lacrosse League.
The Pioneer operated along the same lines for the next several seasons. Teams left the league to compete at the varsity level in the NCAA while new teams joined to fill their place. In the fall of 2000, the league underwent a major change by officially joining what was then known as the US Lacrosse Intercollegiate Associates (USLIA). That same year, the University of New Hampshire defeated Boston University to earn the league's first automatic qualification and represent the PCLL at its first national tournament as members of the USLIA. In St. Louis, Missouri. In 2006 the USLIA became the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association (MCLA).
Past PCLL Champions.
1 Division B only included one team (University of New Haven) in 2004 and therefore did not have playoffs.<br>
2 The PCLL did not have enough Division B teams in 2005 to receive an automatic bid to the national tournament.
3 The PCLL(B) did not receive an automatic bid to nationals.

</doc>
<doc id="9725685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725685" title="Tom Y. Chan">
Tom Y. Chan

Tom Young Chan (September 25, 1881 – September 3, 1944) was an American businessman and civic leader. Based in Chicago, Chan was a leading supporter of the Kuomintang in the United States, and helped raise money for both Sun Yat-sen and General Chiang Kai-shek. In addition, he raised money in the form of war bonds for the United States during World War II. He is also the grandfather of the American actress, Lauren Tom, a third-generation Chinese American.
Biography.
Tom Young Chan was born in the village of Yakou in Zhongshan county, Guangdong province, China. He was the second of seven children. His surname is actually "Tom", but his Anglicized name failed to recognize that Chinese give their surnames first. A journalist for the "Chicago Daily News" described him as a "handsome, smiling Chinese with leaping eyebrows" who spoke "halting English."
Marriage and children.
Mr. Tom first married Mary Goo in 1915. She was the oldest child of Goo Dow and Tom Lin. They had two children: Grace and Florence. After Mary died of influenza in 1918, before the discovery of penicillin, he went back to Honolulu, Hawaii in 1919 to ask the Goo family for help in raising the two children. Amy Goo, the second-oldest sister, was in love and did not want to go. Lillian was next in line at age 15, and she agreed. Feeling that she was too young, however, her parents had their second-oldest son, Robert (Mac) accompany them back to Chicago. Mr. Tom and Lillian Goo (October 20, 1903 – February 7, 1966) married in 1922, and they subsequently had six children: Helene, Eunice, Mary, Priscilla, Tom Chan, Jr. (Chung), and Ping.
Political activities.
During the Century of Progress World's Fair (1933-34), Tom Chan had a noodle factory demonstration as well as a demonstration of how bean sprouts are grown. He had a booth from which he sold goods from China. Lillian's brother, Robert, had been the architect of the Chinese Pavilion and Chinese Theater at the fair. Robert was, the time, superintendent of the Architectural Building Commission of Chicago, and he supervised the construction of the fair's Colonial Village. He later went to Washington, D.C. to assist in the design of the Pentagon.
Death and afterward.
Tom Chan died on September 3, 1944 at the age of 63. Thousands turned out for a man who had helped to raise more than $4 million during the last war bond drive for his adopted country. As prominent as he was, however, he was not allowed to be buried next to his late wife, Mary Goo, in Rosehill Cemetery, Chicago, Illinois, for what some believe to be racist reasons. He is buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery, Stickney, Illinois.
References.
Margaret Goo, the ninth of twelve children, was the first woman to attend college in her family. At the age of 72, she recorded the history of the Goo family in the form of a non-published book called "Thank you, Father".

</doc>
<doc id="9725694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725694" title="Midnight at the Well of Souls">
Midnight at the Well of Souls

Midnight at the Well of Souls is the first book in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker, first published as a paperback in 1977. Over a million copies of the original pressing were sold, and reprints have continued for decades. It came in #18 in the 1978 Locus Poll Award for best science fiction.
Plot summary.
Preamble.
Elkinos Skander is an archaeologist stationed on the planet of Dalgonia. The planet was formerly occupied by the long-dead Markovian race, who are known only for the planet-sized computers they built into the crust of the planets they inhabited. A new team arrives to provide help just as Skander unlocks the mystery of the apparently dead computer. One of the new students, patterned (and named) after a brilliant mathematician named Varnett, sees Skander interacting with the computer and confronts him. The two conclude that the computer runs on a form of energy unknown to human physics, forming the basic unified field that governs the existence of the universe. The computer runs on, and controls, that energy.
The rest of the new team discovers a surface anomaly near the north pole of the planet, where a hexagonal "hole" appears for a brief interval every day. Skander and Varnett both believe that they will be able to use this anomaly to access the planetary computer, and both set off to attempt to take control. Trying to protect the discovery, Skander stops at the team's camp and murders them. By the time he arrives at the anomaly, Varnett has already prepared for his arrival and the two struggle on the surface. They are swallowed up by the anomaly when it reopens.
Meanwhile, the interstellar freighter "Stehekin" is transporting three passengers and grain intended for famine relief. The passengers are a businessman named Datham Hain, his "niece" Wu Julee, and a diplomatic courier identified as Vardia Diplo 1261. During the trip, the ship's captain, Nathan Brazil, discovers that Hain is a "sponge merchant", a trafficker in a substance that causes an incurable, degenerative brain disease. Using the threat of withholding the arresting agent, the substance can be used to gain power over those it infects. Hain keeps Wu Julee as an example of what happens in this case; she has regressed to a mental age of five and will eventually be turned into a vegetable and allowed to die.
Brazil diverts the "Stehekin" from its course, in an attempt to reach the planet where the alien substance originated to obtain the retardant. Before they arrive, Brazil receives a distress call from Dalgonia and detours to investigate. There, they find the seven students murdered by Skander. Subsequently, the entire party travels to the polar gate, and while they are investigating there, the anomaly reopens and they are transported to the Well World.
Well World.
The Well World is a Markovian construct that exists outside our universe. Like Dalgonia, the planet consists largely of an enormous computer that can interact and control the forces of nature. The surface has been patterned into a series of hexagonal patches where Markovians were allowed to experiment in creating their own new forms of intelligent life, and if they were successful they would be sent off into the universe to evolve on their own. Another Markovian was then allowed to try their hand at species design in the now empty hex. The planet still contains many of the approximately 1,500 races that were still on the Well World when the Markovians disappeared.
At the Well World, Brazil and his companions are charged with tracking down Skander and Varnett, as the inhabitants of the planet are concerned that either of them could gain access to the central computer there and do untold mischief to the universe. The complication is that travelling through the polar gate on Dalgonia has transformed all of the humans, with the exception of Nathan Brazil, into members of the various species which inhabit the planet.
As the book continues, Brazil comes to realize that his existence is not as it appears, and memories start to surface.

</doc>
<doc id="9725695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725695" title="Teruo Akiyama">
Teruo Akiyama

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
Akiyama was a native of Kumamoto prefecture. He graduated from the 41st class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1913, ranked 61st out of 118 cadets. He served as midshipman on the cruisers and . After he was commissioned as an ensign, he was assigned to the battleship . He subsequently served on the battleship , cruiser and destroyer .
Akiyama was promoted to lieutenant on 1 December 1918, and was assigned to the destroyer as chief torpedo officer. However, from 1921–1922, he also served as executive officer on the submarines "SS-35" and "SS-45".
On 7 February 1924, he was given his first command: the destroyer . He subsequently commanded the destroyers , , , , and in the 10-year period from 1924-1934. Promoted to captain on 1 December 1937, he served in mostly staff assignments until the start of the Pacific War, with the exception of a posting as captain of the cruiser in 1939. He was promoted to rear admiral on 1 November 1942.
During the Solomon Islands campaign, on 6 July 1943, Akiyama commanded the 3rd Destroyer Squadron, which consisted of 10 destroyers loaded with 2,600 combat troops, bound for Vila on Kolombangara. At 01:06 off Kolombangara, the task group came into contact with U.S. Navy Task Group 36.1 (TG 36.1), commanded by Rear Admiral Walden L. Ainsworth, and consisting of light cruisers , , and , along with four destroyers. In the resultant Battle of Kula Gulf, the American ships opened fire at 01:57 and quickly sank the Japanese flagship, destroyer , killing Admiral Akiyama.
Akiyama was posthumously promoted to vice admiral.
Notable Positions Held.
Commanding Officer, MS "W-1" - 1 December 1925 – 1 December 1926
Commanding Officer, MS "W-1" - 20 January 1928 – 1 November 1928
Commanding Officer, DD "Murakumo" - 1 December 1932 – 15 November 1935
Commanding Officer, DD "Usugumo" - 1 November 1934 – 15 November 1934
ComDesDiv 30–1 December 1937 – 10 December 1938
ComDesDiv 4–10 December 1938 – 25 October 1939
ComDesDiv 34–25 October 1939 – 15 November 1939
Commanding Officer, CL "Naka" - 15 November 1939 – 15 October 1940
ComDesRon 3–23 March 1943 – 6 July 1943 (KIA)
Dates of Promotions.
Midshipman - 19 December 1913
Ensign - 1 December 1914
Sublieutenant - 1 December 1916
Lieutenant - 1 December 1920
Lieutenant Commander - 1 December 1926
Commander - 1 December 1932
Captain - 1 December 1937
Rear Admiral - 1 November 1942
Vice Admiral - 6 July 1943 (posthumous promotion)

</doc>
<doc id="9725696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725696" title="Alien Invasion (film)">
Alien Invasion (film)

Alien Invasion, also known as Earth: A Crap Sandwich, is a short film that was produced as an advertisement for environmentalist causes. The film was produced by Greenpeace and was played in movie theatres and on television.
It was produced for charity, and according to Greenpeace had literally no budget. 

</doc>
<doc id="9725707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725707" title="Contrails (book)">
Contrails (book)

Contrails is a small handbook issued to new cadets entering the United States Air Force Academy. It contains information on United States Air Force and United States military history; Academy history; notable Academy graduates; aircraft, satellites, and munitions in the current U.S. Air Force inventory; transcripts of important national documents such as the Preamble to the Constitution and the full national anthem; and famous quotes, which are usually patriotic or leadership-related. Cadets in their fourth class (freshman) year are expected to learn most of the information from "Contrails", and be able to recite much of it verbatim. "Contrails" has traditionally been published in the class color—Blue, Silver, Red, or Gold—of the freshman class.
References.
Archive of Contrails covers

</doc>
<doc id="9725713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725713" title="Bowling Green Falcons football">
Bowling Green Falcons football

The Bowling Green Falcons football team is the intercollegiate footballs team of Bowling Green State University. The team is a member of the NCAA, playing at the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, formerly Division I-A, level; BGSU football competes within the Mid-American Conference in the East Division. The Falcons have played their home games in Doyt Perry Stadium since 1966. The stadium currently holds 23,724 spectators. In their 93-year history, the Falcons have won eleven MAC conference championships and four national championships - as voted by the UPI in 1928, 1948, 1956, and 1959. The current head coach is Dino Babers.
History.
Beginnings: 1919–1933.
The football program shortly after the university opened, then known as the Bowling Green Normal School. In the early years of Bowling Green State Normal College, common nicknames of BG athletic teams used by sports writers were “B.G. Normals,” “Teachers,” and the “B.G. Pedagogues". The team began play in 1919 and played on a local field behind the Ridge Street School in Bowling Green, Ohio. The first team was composed of nineteen male students, over half of the 36 men that enrolled in the college. The roster included Ivan "Doc" Lake, who would later would give the Falcons their nickname. John Stitt served as the program's first football coach during the initial 3-game 1919 season. The first football game in BG's history was held on October 3, 1919 against Toledo University, a series that would turn into a rivalry that still exists in the present day. The game ended with a 0-6 score. The second game of the season marked BG's first road game at Defiance College, where the team dropped to 0-2 with a 12-0 shutout. In the final game of the short season the team lost to Michigan State Normal College (Eastern Michigan) 0-10. In the 1920 season, BG recorded its first score in a 6-10 loss at Findlay College. The 1920 team later recorded the program's first win, in the eighth and final game of the season, when the team defeated Kent State Normal College 7-0. 
The team joined the Northwestern Ohio Intercollegiate Athletic Association (NWOIAA) starting in the 1921 season. In the first game BG and Kent battled to a scoreless tie in a game that saw no fan attendance due to influenza epidemic. After a 7-0 win over Defiance, BG faced Findlay on October 15, 1921 in a game that set a national collegiate record in which BG scored 22 touchdowns to win 151-0 over Findlay College. Despite dropping the following game 0-27 to Ashland College, the team finished the season with a record of 3-1-1 and won the Northwestern Ohio Intercollegiate Athletic Association conference championship, the first title in school history. The team would repeat as the NWOIAA Champions in 1922, 1925, 1928 and 1929.
Warren Steller became the head coach of BG in 1924 and in his second season as head coach, BG recorded its first one-loss season in 1925. The record was repeated two seasons later, in 1927, when the team dropped its final game of the season 6-12 to Bluffton. During the same season, Ivan "Doc" Lake, a BG alumnus and football player on the original team, suggested the nickname “Falcons”. The nickname's popularity grew rapidly and was adopted by the school. In 1928, the Falcons recorded their first undefeated season with a record of 5-0-2. The team was led by Chet Chapman, who received the conference MVP award and also became Bowling Green's first All-American. Steller's Falcons repeated the feat just a few seasons later, in 1930, when the team went 6-0-2. The 1931 season marked the team's final year that the Falcons participated in the Northwestern Ohio Intercollegiate Athletic Association. The team joined the Ohio Athletic Conference (OAC) in 1933, after it played one season as an independent team. Warren Steller's last season as head coach of BG football came in 1934. In the years after he continued to serve as the manager of the baseball team and also served as athletic director until 1941.
Ohio Athletic Conference Era and Whittaker years: 1933-55.
The Falcons struggled in their initial seasons as a member of the OAC, when the team recorded a losing record in three straight seasons from 1933-35. The first winning record came in 1936 when the Falcons finished the season with a record of 4-2-3. In 1937, University Stadium was dedicated as the team's home stadium. The venue was located in the northeast part of campus and replaced the field and wooden bleachers with a larger capacity, permanent structure with the aid of Federal funding part of the Works Progress Administration. The new stadium did not provide much home field advantage, with BG only recording two home wins and ending the season 3-4-1. One of the team's best seasons in the OAC came in 1939 when BG finished with a record of 6-1-1. The Falcons came within a point of an undefeated season, their only loss to Capital by the score of 6-7. Robert Whittaker became head coach in 1941 and guided the Falcons to their best record as a member of the Ohio Athletic Conference when the team outscored opponents by a combined score of 173-40 and recorded a 7-1-1 overall record; and finished as one of four undefeated teams in conference play with a conference record of 4-0-1, along with Case Institute of Technology, Ohio Northern and Toledo.
From 1942 until 1952 The team played independent of a conference affiliation until the university joined the Mid-American Conference (MAC). The highlight of BG's independent years came in 1948 when the Falcons went 8-0-1. The only blemish on the season came at the hands of John Carroll, when the teams battled to tie score of 13-13. Bowling Green had initial success in the new conference and finished with a record of 7-2 in the 1952 season.
The only losses on the season to Miami (OH) and Ohio. The success of the first MAC season was short-lived with Bowling Green only winning 3 games over the next two seasons; and in 1955, Doyt Perry replaced Whittaker as head coach.
Doyt Perry Era: 1955-64.
Perry, who attended Bowling Green and was a three-sport athlete for the Falcons and the captain of the football, basketball and baseball teams in 1931-32 returned to Bowling Green after serving as a high school coach at Upper Arlington and the offensive backfield coach of Ohio State. Perry changed the culture of the program, and focused on decreases in mistakes, penalties, fumbles, interceptions, blocked kicks and missed assignments. With the new coach and coaching style, the team's record quickly turned around and finished with a 7-1-1 record Perry's first season as head coach. In that season, the team's only loss came to the Miami RedHawks by the score of 0-7. The team outscored opponents 224-53, compared to being outscored 125-196 in the 1954 season. The team continued success into the 1956 season and recorded seven straight victories before picking up a 7-7 tie vs. Miami (OH) and finishing the season with an eight win on the season for a final unbeaten record of 8-0-1 and Bowling Green's first MAC Championship. After two successful seasons in 1957 and 1958, in which the Falcons went 13-3-2 overall between the two season, The season included conference wins over Miami, Kent State, Ohio, Toledo, and Western Michigan and non-conference opponents of Dayton, Delaware, Marshall, and Southern Illinois. BG recorded two games where the team scored 51 points, and the closest game of the season was a 13-9 win over Ohio in the last game of the season on November 21. Bowling Green finished the year with a perfect record of 9-0-0 and were named the Mid-American Conference Champions and National Champions in the NCAA College Division.
The next season, the Falcons began the season with a 5-0 record that included wins over MAC rivals Miami, Toledo and Kent State. And on October 29, 1960, the team got a sixth straight win on the season and seventeenth straight victory overall, beating California Polytechnic 50-6. Shortly after the victory, news spread that the Mustangs' plane crashed on takeoff when leaving Toledo. Two weeks later, the team faced Ohio University in a rematch of the championship-clinching game in the 1959 season. The Bobcats snapped the team's eighteen-game win streak and ended the team's chance at a second consecutive national title. With the 14-7 win, the Bobcats earned the MAC Championship and 1960 NCAA College Division National Championship. The Falcons went on to beat Texas-El Paso and finished the season with an 8-0-1 record, ranked second in the MAC. The 1961 team finishing the regular season with an 8-1 record in the regular season, the single loss to Miami (OH) by one point, 6-7. Despite the loss, the Falcons claimed their third MAC title and was selected to play in the Mercy Bowl, the program's first bowl game. The team flew to California to play Fresno State at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Proceeds of the game went to the survivors and families of the Cal Poly plane crash. The Falcons lost the game 36-6 but over $170,000 was raised for the victims.
Bowling Green repeated as MAC champions in 1962, and finished the season with a record of 7-1-1 with a 24-24 tie at Miami (OH) and a 7-23 non-conference road loss to West Texas State. In the 1963 season, Bowling Green ended with a record of 8-2, including a home loss to Miami RedHawks and a road loss at Ohio. The Falcons started the 1964 season on an eight-game winning streak. In the ninth game of the season, Bowling Green faced tough rival, Ohio and was held scoreless with the Bobcats winning 21-0. The team rebounded in the final game of the season to beat Xavier 35-7 and claimed the MAC Championship. BG finished the season with a 9-1 record and outscored opponents 275-87. Perry stepped down as head coach of the football team after the 1964 season to take a position as the athletic director at the university and served in the position until 1970. He finished with an overall record of 77–11–5 and a conference record of 46–8–5 over ten seasons. During Perry's tenure at Bowling Green, he won five Mid-American Conference Championships and one NCAA College Division National Championship. His .855 winning percentage placed Perry among the top five in college football history and he was inducted to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1988.
Gibson and Nehlen years: 1965-76.
Bob Gibson, a long-time assistant coach at BG, was hired to replace Perry as head coach of the Falcons. In the 1965 season the team again won another MAC title with a 7-2 record. The Falcons continued their winning ways under Gibson in 1966 and 1967, posting records of 6–3 and 6–4 respectively.
After one season as an assistant coach to Gibson, Don Nehlen took over as head coach for the Falcons in 1968. Nehlen played quarterback at Bowling Green from 1955 to 1957 and led the team to the 1956 MAC championship. After graduating from BG, he began his coaching career in 1958 at Mansfield Senior High School. He later served as head coach at Canton South High School and Canton McKinley High School and an assistant coach at the University of Cincinnati. The Falcons welcomed Nehlen in as head coach with a 62-8 win over Ball State and opened the 1968 season on a three game win streak. 
The team finished the season 6-3-1 and followed with a 6-4 record in the 1969 season. Despite a 2-6-1 record in the 1970 season, Bowling Green rebounded back to a 6-4 record in 1971.
The Falcons began Nehlen's fifth season as head coach against Purdue on September 16, 1972. The game was tied in the fourth quarter when the Falcons moved into field goal range and Don Taylor kicked the ball through the uprights to give the Falcons a 17-14 upset win against a top 20 ranked opponent. In the 1973 season, BG again picked up a big opening win, at Syracuse 41-14. The Falcon's rushing game greatly improved under Nehlen. The team was led by Paul Miles, who ran for more than 1,000 yards in three consecutive seasons from 1971 to 1973. Miles teammate, Dave Preston earned a position as the career leader in rushing with 3,423 yards during his time with the Falcons. In 1975, Dan Saleet rushed for a team leading 1,114 yards. Nehlen led the Falcons added two more upsets in the Nehlen era with a 23-21 win over BYU and a 22-7 win against Syracuse in 1975 and 1976 respectively. The major wins gave Nehlen the unofficial title of the “Master of the Upset” from many BGSU fans. Nehlen left Bowling Green after the 1976 season and guided the Falcons to a 53-35-4 record in nine seasons as head coach. He went on to coach at West Virginia and coached 21 seasons for the Mountaineers and became the 17th coach in NCAA Division I-A history to record 200 victories with a 202-128-8 overall record.
Urban Meyer years: 2001-2002.
In 2001, Meyer took his first head coaching job at Bowling Green. In his first season there, he engineered one of the greatest turnarounds in the NCAA football history, going 8–3 and capping off the season with a 56–21 victory over Bowling Green's rival, the University of Toledo Rockets. He also earned Mid-American Conference coach of the year honors. The next year, Bowling Green finished with a 9–3 record. After a 17–6 overall record, Meyer left for the University of Utah.
He helped turn around a team that had gone 2–9 in 2000 in large part due to QB Josh Harris, a player tailor-made for Meyer's scheme. In part-time play in 2001, Harris would throw for 1,022 yards with 9 touchdowns, and run for 600 yards and 8 touchdowns. The next year he would throw for 2,425 yards with 19 TD and run for 737 yards with 20 TD. Meyer would later use such quarterbacks as Alex Smith and Tim Tebow in a fashion similar to the way Meyer used Harris.
21st century.
Bowling Green competes in the East division for football. Originally Bowling Green was to move to the West division for the 2012 season, but that never occurred after Temple left the MAC for the Big East prior to the 2012 season.
Championships.
Conference championships.
Bowling Green has won or shared a conference championship 16 times, including 11 times in the Mid-American Conference:
Important games.
Bowl games.
Bowling Green has been invited to play in 11 bowl games in its history, compiling a record of 4–7 in those games.

</doc>
<doc id="9725714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725714" title="Peter Besler">
Peter Besler

Peter Besler (born October 5, 1963) is an investment advisor and author residing in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Born in Waterloo, Ontario, Besler is known for raising public funds in order to finance Canadian companies conducting research into the treatment of serious and terminal illnesses. Since 1986, his efforts have benefited numerous biotechnology and medical research companies conducting pre-clinical and phase I, II, and III human clinical trials.
Biography.
Besler was as a co-op chemistry student at University of Waterloo. In 1982, he grew concerned that scientific research in Canada was inadequately funded. He co-led the Progressive Conservative Party Campus Youth in 1983. Switching his area of study, he graduated with a degree in Economics in 1986. Shortly after graduation, he moved to Toronto and studied investment banking under Gerszon Taichman. In 1994, Besler traveled to China with the purpose of establishing in-vitro fertilization clinics with researchers from Cornell University. In 2001, he became aware of promising research conducted by Dr. Ingrid Katz into a treatment for multiple sclerosis at the University of Edmonton. In 2003, he was instrumental in obtaining the financing required to receive Health Canada approval for advancing this research through phase II human clinical trials. The trials received FDA fast track approval in 2008.
Besler is involved in philanthropic and volunteer work for several Canadian charitable organizations.
Medical research.
Besler's fundraising has financed areas of medical research including, scleroderma, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, prostate cancer, breast cancer and multiple sclerosis. He has directed his support towards researchers with promising results who no longer are receiving research grants from charitable organizations. "It is surprising to the public that most advanced research into treatments for serious illnesses is not funded by charities nor governments. Private investors are often the only source available to companies seeking to cover the enormous funding costs associated with clinical trials." Besler has stated.
Investment advise.
Besler has authored several books on finance and investment including "The PEARL Approach - Protected Effective Asset Risk Limitation investment strategy" and "Investment Advisor Training Guide". In addition, Besler was a featured columnist in "Canadian Money Saver" with Morris I. Bubbis.
In 2012, Besler became the most widely read feature columnist for "The Northern Miner" newspaper and "Mining Markets" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9725717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725717" title="Apademik">
Apademik

Apademik (; born July 26, Long Island, New York) is an American hip-hop producer, movie director, CEO and founder of Funkin Beatz Entertainment Corporation, and ASCAP registered recording artist. Known for his role as producer, director and co-music director for the movie, "The Razah Code, Underground Hip-Hop Vol. 1", released September, 2006 Koch Records. He also directed the "Renaissance Child Bonus DVD" accompanying Hell Razah's album, "Renaissance Child" Released through Babygrande Records (February 2007). Apademik has also Produced"The Resurrection LP" for the 7 Profitz released on The Orchard (music label), December 18, 2007, "Long Island Hip-Hop:Not About The Money", also released on The Orchard (music label) 10/07/08, 7 Profitz, "Revelations 23:7" released July 7, 2009, Apademik The Disciple on The Orchard (music label) and 7 Profitz Planet 7P 2010 also on The Orchard (music label). Apademik is co-founder of the group 7 Profitz.
Biography.
Apademik was born in Long Island, New York. In 1989 Apademik moved to Sarasota, Florida with his mother and step father. At the age of 12 years old Apademik was accepted into Pineview School For the Gifted, He declined enrollment, opting for public school. He also attedended Riverview High School (Sarasota, Florida). In 1994 Apademik moved back to West Hempstead, NY to live with his father. Attempting to turn his life around, Apademik enlisted in the United States Army Infantry.
In less than two years Apademik was promoted to team leader. On October 1, 1999, Apademik was published in the Army Times for his promotion to Sergeant E-5. He also received the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, NATO Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, and Expert Rifle Marksmanship Badge.
In 2001-2003 Apademik attended Five Towns College
Apademik then started the company Funkin Beatz Entertainment Corporation, in 1998. From 2001–Present Apademik has Produced or Directed projects for these Record Labels,Koch Records, Nature Sounds, BabyGrande Records, Traffic, Funkin Beatz and The Orchard Music Label. Apademik has also been seen performing at a host of clubs as DJ and M.C. including The Toronto Convention Centre, Salt Lake City UT, Club Speed NYC, C.B.G.B.'s NYC, Scopa Underground NYC, Santos Party House(NYC), The Comedy Cellar (NYC) and many, many more. He has also been seen on Real Tyme Live (Ch 20), Street TV(ch 20) and heard on radio stations such as 105.5 Toronto, 88.7 WRHU (NY), 89.7 MYWCWP (NY), WGBB 1240 AM (NY), WCWP 88.1 FM (NY),90.1 WUSB (NY) and various internet Radio Podcasts. Apademik is also a Writer and Performer for his Group 7 Profitz, and is now signed Non-Exclusively to The Orchard Music Label.
In 2012 Apademik The Disciple was Voted Best DJ On Long Island 2012 by Long Island Press.
Aliases.
M4ECP,
Ricky B.,
Apademik the Disciple,
Apademik

</doc>
<doc id="9725728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725728" title="Amara language">
Amara language

Amara is an Austronesian language spoken by about 1200 individuals along the northwest coast of West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Britain. Speakers have close to a 100% bilingualism with Bariai, and many also speak Tok Pisin.

</doc>
<doc id="9725743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725743" title="7th Heaven (season 2)">
7th Heaven (season 2)

The second season of The WB American television drama series "7th Heaven" premiered on September 9, 1997 and concluded on May 11, 1998, with a total of 22 episodes.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="9725746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725746" title="The Believer (John Coltrane album)">
The Believer (John Coltrane album)

The Believer is a jazz album credited to John Coltrane released in 1964 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7292. It is an amalgam of two tracks reissued from New Jazz Records 8228 "The Ray Draper Quintet featuring John Coltrane" released in 1960, with three unissued tracks by Coltrane as a leader from two separate recording sessions in 1958. All tracks were recorded at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige assembled varied recordings, often those where Coltrane had been merely a sideman, and reissued them as a new album with Coltrane's name prominently displayed.
Personnel.
Tracks 1-3
Tracks 4-5

</doc>
<doc id="9725754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725754" title="List of Good Eats episodes">
List of Good Eats episodes

This is a list of all "Good Eats" episodes.
Episodes.
Season 9.
In season 9, the show began broadcasting in 1080i high-definition in addition to standard-definition.
Season 11.
During season 11, Food Network tried to synchronize episodes with seasonal celebrations, changing the airdates of some episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9725759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725759" title="Lake Grace North">
Lake Grace North

Lake Grace North is a lake in Western Australia. It is located at , in the Shire of Lake Grace. Biogeographically, it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It has an area of about 72 square kilometres (28 mi²). It is one of four lakes in the area comprising the Lake Grace System, a DIWA-listed wetland of national importance.

</doc>
<doc id="9725761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725761" title="Real Gangstaz">
Real Gangstaz

"Real Gangstaz" is the second single from Mobb Deep's "Amerikaz Nightmare" album, and is produced by and features Lil Jon. The video is a sequel to Got It Twisted, the first single from the album
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9725771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725771" title="Alien invasion (disambiguation)">
Alien invasion (disambiguation)

Alien invasion is a common theme in science fiction stories and film, in which extraterrestrial life invades Earth.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9725773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725773" title="Joseph C. Brown">
Joseph C. Brown

Joseph C. Brown (died 1849) was a surveyor in the United States who made several major surveys in the Louisiana Territory. 
Among his notable surveys:
In addition to his surveying duties he was a sheriff of St. Louis County, Missouri as well as county engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="9725786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725786" title="Lake Grace South">
Lake Grace South

Lake Grace South is a lake in Western Australia. It is located at , on the border of the Shires of Lake Grace and Kent. Biogeographically, it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It has an area of about 56 square kilometres (22 mi²). It is one of four lakes in the area comprising the Lake Grace System, a DIWA-listed wetland of national importance.

</doc>
<doc id="9725807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725807" title="Lamogai language">
Lamogai language

Lamogai is an Austronesian language spoken by about 3600 individuals in parts of West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9725810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725810" title="Rulebook">
Rulebook


</doc>
<doc id="9725811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725811" title="1879 Bouctouche tornado">
1879 Bouctouche tornado

The 1879 Bouctouche Tornado was a tornado that struck the town of Bouctouche, New Brunswick on August 6, 1879.
It is estimated that the tornado was an F3 in strength, and is the easternmost "major" tornado in North America, though weaker tornadoes and waterspouts have been known to form in Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia.
The tornado killed 5 people, injured 10 others, and rendered 25 families homeless.

</doc>
<doc id="9725823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725823" title="Eldorado, Victoria">
Eldorado, Victoria

Eldorado, or El Dorado, is a small town in the north-east of Victoria, Australia. At the 2006 census, Eldorado had a population of 287.
History.
Eldorado was named after the legend of El Dorado in 1840 by William Baker, the name he used for his run. Even though the name refers to a land abounding in gold there was no gold found in Eldorado until the 1850s when it became a thriving gold rush town. Eldorado Post Office opened on 1 August 1861.
The town's population declined sharply after the area ceased to yield gold. The remains of an old gold dredge can still be seen today.
This is a large steel dredge which was designed and built by Thompson's Engineering for the Cocks Eldorado Gold Dredging Company in 1935-36. By the time it was decommissioned it had dredged 30 million cubic metres from the river flats of the Eldorado Plain. It has 110 digging buckets each of which was capable of digging and lifting 0.3 cubic metres of soil.

</doc>
<doc id="9725828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725828" title="Stadium Events">
Stadium Events

Stadium Events is the English title of the Japanese Family Computer video game by Bandai. The game was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in Japan in 1986, in the United States in 1987 and in West Germany and Sweden in 1988. It was one of two games released in North America that were designed and branded for the Family Fun Fitness (FFF) mat, a short-lived running pad accessory for the NES. The other game in the Family Trainer series, "Athletic World", was released earlier in the same year.
"Athletic World's" label is marked with a green "Series 1"; "Stadium Events" has an orange "Series 2" badge. This numbering system was abandoned when Nintendo took over further Bandai releases for use with its Power Pad instead. Although there were 10 total games in the Family Trainer series, only these two games were released in North America under the Family Fun Fitness banner. The original box for the FFF mat features screenshots of "Stadium Events" under the banner "Coming Soon."
Gameplay.
The game featured an Olympic-style Track and Field competition, with events such as the 100m dash, 110m hurdles, long jump, and triple jump. Modes of play include "Tournament" and "The Olympics". Race opponents are named after animals, the slowest being Turtle and the fastest being Cheetah. Players utilized the Family Fun Fitness mat (Side B) instead of a standard controller in order to run and jump. A controller, connected to Port A, is used to navigate the game's menu.
Rarity.
NTSC version.
The North American, or NTSC, version of "Stadium Events" is universally accepted as the rarest licensed NES game available for purchase in North America. The reason for its rarity and subsequent high market price is its limited production and sales. At the time of its launch during the holiday season of 1987, Stadium Events was only available from limited stores. In 1988, Nintendo purchased the North American rights to the FFF mat technology and re-released it as the Power Pad.
The two Family Fun Fitness-branded games that had already been released, as well as Bandai's version of the running pad accessory, were pulled from shelves and presumed destroyed. Because of this odd sequence of events, only 2000 copies are believed to have been produced, of which it is estimated that 200 copies reached consumers before being recalled. Today, collectors who follow the online sale of rare video games believe that fewer than 20 complete copies of the game exist, only two of which are known to be factory sealed. The game is worth up to $38,000 according to the NES Rarity Guide. An eBay auction of a new, factory-sealed version of the game was sold on February 26, 2010 with a winning bid of $41,300, but the winning bidder never paid for the auction won. However, on January 22, 2011, another factory-sealed version of the game sold on eBay. The transaction was completed, and both parties exchanged positive feedback. The copy sold for $22,800.00, the highest confirmed price paid for the game. In 2013, it is reported that a woman purchased a rare copy of the game for $7.99 at a Goodwill store in North Carolina and eventually listed it for an online auction.
PAL version.
The European, or PAL, version of "Stadium Events" is not as rare as its American counterpart, but is still an expensive NES game. The PAL version was released in West Germany and Sweden. The value of this game varies depending on the condition of the game, and supply and demand. Prices have been anywhere from $200 to $1,000.
Rebranding.
Both of the games available in the US for the Family Fun Fitness mat were retooled and relabeled to reflect compatibility with the Power Pad instead. "Athletic World's" label and manual were changed slightly, replacing Family Fun Fitness verbiage with Power Pad wording. The box for Athletic World was changed completely, making the original box and manual a collector's item. A complete copy of the original Bandai Athletic World game rarely surfaces. Some collectors believe there are less than 500 complete copies of the game. "Stadium Events", however, was not similarly modified and re-released, but was instead recalled and distributed under an entirely different title, "World Class Track Meet", in late 1988. The games are identical in gameplay and content, except for title changes within the game to reflect the new name.
Other releases.
The re-released "World Class Track Meet" was produced and sold in large numbers, as it was a pack-in game for Nintendo's Power Set bundle, which included (among other items) the NES console, Power Pad, and "World Class Track Meet." The Family Computer version of "Running Stadium" was not recalled or otherwise limited, and survives in greater numbers than the North American version.
The Family Fun Fitness pad with the "Athletic World" pack-in saw a PAL-B release in the Benelux region, Scandinavian region, France, West Germany, Austria, and Switzerland, as well as a PAL-A release in Italy and Australia. Furthermore, the title of the pad was altered to Fitness Center in West Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. There was no official release outside of these countries. "Stadium Events" was never released in PAL-A format and seems to have only had a small PAL-B release in both West Germany and Sweden. The German and Swedish PAL-B releases, while sharing the same software, varied slightly in packaging. While the box for both releases is identical, each region received a unique manual and cartridge back-label. The German release can be identified by its FRG-coded blue manual and DAS code on the cartridge back-label, whereas the Swedish release can be identified by its SCN-coded yellow manual and SCN code on the cartridge back-label.

</doc>
<doc id="9725829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725829" title="Lichterfelder FC">
Lichterfelder FC

Lichterfelder FC was a German association football club from the Berlin district of Lichterfelde. The club has approximately 1,300 members and includes the country's largest youth department.
In 2013 the club merged with BFC Viktoria 1889 to form a new club, FC Viktoria 1889 Berlin.
History.
The history of the association is marked by a long string of mergers and name changes. The earliest predecessor sides were "FV Brandenburg Berlin" founded on 20 March 1892, and "FC Lichterfelde" established 18 June 1912.
"FV" fielded strongly competitive sides in the early 1900s until the club briefly split in two with the formation of "TuFV Helvellia Berlin". These two sides were re-united in 1905 but the club was seriously weakened by World War I and nearly disappeared. At the end of the war in 1919 "FV" merged with "Berliner SC 09 Brandenburg" to form "SV Brandenburg Berlin". Another union followed in 1921, this time with "BBC 03 Berlin" to create "BBC-Brandenburg Berlin". Both "Brandenburg" and "Lichterfeld" were playing second tier football through this period with "SCB" winning promotion to the top-flight for a two year turn that ended in 1925 after which "BBC" again became an independent side.
By 1929 the '92 Brandenburg side was playing as "FV Brandenburg Berlin" and in 1933 merged with "FC Eintracht Lankwitz". After the outbreak of World War II "FV" formed a partnership with "Rot-Weiß-Schöneberg" in order to be able to continue to field a team during the conflict. At war's end in 1945 occupying Allied authorities ordered the dissolution of all organizations in Germany, including sports and football clubs. Later that year the membership of "FVBB" established "SG Steglitz-Friedenau" (renamed "FV Brandenburg Berlin" in 1950) and the Lichterfeld club also re-appeared being known briefly as "SG Lichterfeld".
A 1971 merger joined "FCL" and "FVBB" to create "FV Brandenburg Lichterfelde" which was in turn joined in 1988 by "Lichterfelder Sport-Union" (founded 15 February 1951) to form "VfB Lichterfelde 1892". The association adopted its current name in 2004.
These myriad predecessor sides enjoyed only limited success with both Lichterfelder sides making occasional appearances in the Amateurliga Berlin (III-IV) in the 50s and 60s. "Sport-Union" spent a single season in second tier competition in the Regionalliga Berlin in 1966–67.
"VfB" won promotion to the Oberliga Berlin (IV) in 1989 and played there continuously until being demoted in 2004 after a 16th place finish. A highlight for the club during this period was the club's advance to the final of the Paul-Rusch-Pokal (Berlin Cup) in 1998. Now playing as "FC" the club claimed the 2006 Verbandsliga Berlin (V) championship to return to the Oberliga.
In 2013 the club merged with BFC Viktoria 1889 to form a new club, FC Viktoria 1889 Berlin.
Stadium.
"Lichterfeld" plays its home matches at the Stadion Lichterfelde in Steglitz. The stadium has a capacity of 4,300 which includes 1,800 seats (800 covered, 1,000 uncovered). Construction of the facility began in 1926 and it was inaugurated on 16 June 1929. From 1933 to 1945 the facility was known as the Adolf Hitler Stadium and it was used as a training venue for the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games. Severely damaged in the course of the war, the stadium was not restored to a usable condition until April 1952 and underwent a major renovation that included the installation of floodlights in the 1980s, followed by the installation of artificial turf in the 90s.

</doc>
<doc id="9725836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725836" title="Black River Falls, Wisconsin">
Black River Falls, Wisconsin

Black River Falls (Hoocąk: Nįoxawanį ) is a city in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. The population was 3,622 at the 2010 census. It is Jackson County's county seat. The Ho-Chunk Nation has its administrative center in Black River Falls.
History.
Black River Falls was founded to utilize the waterpower of the Black River. As the area was predominantly forest at the time, its primary use was in operating sawmills. Some of the lumber produced was used in the construction of the Mormon temple at Nauvoo, Illinois.
A large monument to Black River Falls' veterans of World War I, World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War, as well as to local Medal of Honor recipient Mitchell Red Cloud, Jr., was erected near the Chamber of Commerce Building at 101 S. 2nd Street. Named the "Field of Honor", the attached plaques provide accounts of the veterans' services. This site is also the start of the four-mile (6.5 km) Foundation Trail, a signed hiking and bike path that circles the eastern part of the community.
Black River Falls is the focus of Michael Lesy's book "Wisconsin Death Trip" (1973), which used photographs and newspaper cuttings to highlight the harshness of life in the community during the late nineteenth century and the effects it had on the psychology of the inhabitants. To this day the city has a higher murder and suicide rate than the rest of Wisconsin.
Geography.
Black River Falls is located at (44.297166, -90.849263). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.
The city is located on the falls of the Black River at the northeast edge of the Driftless Area, where the river cuts through a region of granite. The falls are covered by a hydroelectric dam, forming the Black River Flowage.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 3,622 people, 1,613 households, and 845 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 1,732 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 91.5% White, 0.5% African American, 5.2% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7% of the population.
There were 1,613 households of which 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.7% were married couples living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 47.6% were non-families. 41.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.89.
The median age in the city was 41.6 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 6.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.4% were from 25 to 44; 24.7% were from 45 to 64; and 21.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.4% male and 51.6% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,618 people, 1,563 households, and 886 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,146.4 people per square mile (442.1/km²). There were 1,679 housing units at an average density of 532.0 per square mile (205.1/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 93.37% White, 0.19% African American, 4.73% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.55% from other races, and 0.97% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.16% of the population.
There were 1,563 households out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.3% were non-families. 38.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.82.
In the city the population was spread out with 20.8% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 24.2% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 87.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.3 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $33,555, and the median income for a family was $46,222. Males had a median income of $31,481 versus $18,519 for females. The per capita income for the city was $21,532. About 3.7% of families and 7.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.
Economy.
While the logging and lumber industry is still present in the area, the current economy leans heavily on agriculture and tourism. Several locations support the tourism industry. Lake Arbutus, a impoundment of the river, lies several miles northeast, as does the multi-use Levis/Trow trail system. Black River Falls is home to a casino and hotel operated by the Ho-Chunk Nation. Much of the surrounding land is part of the Black River State Forest
Government.
City Hall, located at 101 S. 2nd St, houses the mayor, Ron Danielson; the city administrator, Bill Arndt; deputy city clerks and treasurers; the Parks and Recreation Department and the Police Department. Offices for Jackson County are located on Main Street.
Education.
Black River Falls High School, the city's public high school located on the southwestern edge of town, is administered by the Black River Falls School District. The former high school, in the center of the city, has been converted to apartments. Western Technical College offers classes in the city.
Media.
Despite its size, Black River Falls has two newspapers, both published weekly: the "Banner-Journal" and the "Jackson County Chronicle".
WWIS Radio operates the only radio stations in Black River Falls: WWIS 1260AM and WWIS 99.7FM. The AM station operates only during daytime hours.
Culture.
Black River Falls is the focus of Michael Lesy's book "Wisconsin Death Trip" (1973), which used photographs and newspaper cuttings to highlight the harshness of life in the community during the late nineteenth century and the effects it had on the psychology of the inhabitants. The book was made into a film in 2000, which included images from the community as it appears today. However, the claim that all the stories took place in and around Black River Falls is false.
Lesy drew on the work of Charles Van Schaick, the main photographer in Black River Falls between the 1870s and 1930s. Van Schaick made remarkable portraits of the Ho-Chunk (Winnebago) peoples who remained in or returned to the area after the forced Indian removals of the mid-19th century. The pictures were made primarily in Van Schaick's commercial studio in downtown Black River Falls, and he was one of the few photographers of his time to make sensitive studio portraits of Native Americans. Van Schaick's numerous photographs are now housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and were the subject of a book, "People of the Big Voice," published in 2011.
The Black River Falls area is home to a large population of the endangered Karner Blue butterfly. The city celebrates with the Karner Blue Butterfly Festival held annually on the third Saturday of July.
Transportation.
The primary artery of transportation for Black River Falls is Interstate 94, which passes through the eastern edge of the city. US Highway 12, Wisconsin Highway 27, and Wisconsin Highway 54 also pass through the city.
The Union Pacific Railroad is adjacent to the city, but does not pass through the center.

</doc>
<doc id="9725841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725841" title="Mouk-Aria language">
Mouk-Aria language

Mouk-Aria is an Austronesian language spoken by about 600 individuals along coastal West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9725903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725903" title="The Rockefeller University Press">
The Rockefeller University Press

The Rockefeller University Press (RUP) is a department of The Rockefeller University. 
Journals.
The Rockefeller University Press publishes three scientific journals: "The Journal of Experimental Medicine", founded in 1896, "The Journal of General Physiology", founded in 1918, and "The Journal of Cell Biology", founded in 1955 under the title "The Journal of Biophysical and Biochemical Cytology". All editorial decisions on manuscripts submitted to the three journals are made by active scientists in conjunction with in-house scientific editors, and all peer-review operations and pre-press production functions are carried out at the Rockefeller University Press offices.
Focus.
The Rockefeller University Press places a strong emphasis on preserving the integrity of primary research data, and it is a pioneer in the application of new technologies to achieve that goal.
Open access policy.
The Rockefeller University Press provides public access to the articles it publishes. All content of "The Journal of Experimental Medicine", "The Journal of Cell Biology", and "The Journal of General Physiology" (back to volume 1, issue 1) is hosted by HighWire Press and PubMed Central, where it is available to the public for free 6 months after publication under a Creative Commons license.

</doc>
<doc id="9725904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725904" title="Wishram (Amtrak station)">
Wishram (Amtrak station)

Wishram, Washington is a station stop for the Amtrak "Empire Builder" in Wishram, Washington. The station, parking, track, and platforms are owned by BNSF Railway. 

</doc>
<doc id="9725930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725930" title="Alcatraz (album)">
Alcatraz (album)

Alcatraz is the ninth album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1999 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's last album to include bassist Joel Reader, who left the group after its release.

</doc>
<doc id="9725968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725968" title="Emergency response team (zoo)">
Emergency response team (zoo)

Zoo Emergency Response Teams, also called Emergency Weapons Teams, Lethal Restraint Teams (members usually referred to as LRT) or Firearms Emergency Response Teams, are teams that respond when zoo animals escape their enclosure and threaten zoo visitors and employees.
Duties.
Emergency Response Teams are responsible for the capture of escaped animals.
Goals include: (listed in order of priority)
Training.
Emergency Response Teams are not full-time but are typically composed of zoo employees that have received special weapons training with the police. They are trained to use deadly force, but only as a last resort when the escaped animal is threatening the life of a human being.
Zoos frequently perform training drills in order to keep the team up to date and ready for a real animal escape.
Escaped animal procedures.
When an animal escapes, guests are immediately evacuated from the area and escorted to secured buildings on zoo grounds by the zoo’s emergency response team (veterinarians armed with tranquilizer equipment, zoo firearms team and animal management staff). The zoo’s perimeter is sealed off for safety and is usually reopened after the animal is secured.
Australian Zoos use a set of standard Emergency Radio Codes for dealing with escaped animals. Many zoos in America have a similar policy.
Notable events.
Dallas Zoo.
Many zoos created or enhanced their Emergency Response Teams following a gorilla attack at the Dallas Zoo in 2004.
Denver Zoo.
On February 24, 2007, an Emergency Response Team at the Denver Zoo shot and killed a jaguar who had attacked a zookeeper. The zookeeper later died from her injuries.
San Francisco Zoo.
Two tiger attacks at the San Francisco Zoo occurred on December 22, 2006 and December 25, 2007, both involving a 243-pound Siberian tiger named Tatiana (June 27, 2003 — December 25, 2007). In the first incident, a zookeeper was bitten in the arm during a public feeding. During the second incident, in which two people were injured and one killed, police officers fatally shot the tiger.
Equipment.
The following equipment is used by most zoos in the recapture of an escaped animal.

</doc>
<doc id="9725972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725972" title="List of stock exchange opening times">
List of stock exchange opening times

The following is a list of opening and closing times for stock exchanges worldwide. It includes the 20 largest stock exchanges, noting the times the exchange opens and closes, along with the time zone within which the exchange is located.

</doc>
<doc id="9725978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9725978" title="Settin' the Pace">
Settin' the Pace

"Settin' the Pace" is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1961 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7213. It is assembled from unissued results of a single recording session at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval. It was reissued by Original Jazz Classics in 1987, and remastered for compact disc by Rudy Van Gelder in 2008.
Track listing.
2008 reissue bonus track:

</doc>
<doc id="9726020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726020" title="Mže">
Mže

The Mže (; ) is a 107 km long river in the Czech Republic. Its source is situated in the Griesbach Forest (726 metres), Germany, near the village of Asch, in the municipality of Mähring, Tirschenreuth district. It forms the state boundary for a short distance of 3 kilometers and then finally enters Czech territory. It passes through the towns of Tachov and Stříbro. At the confluence with the Radbuza, it forms the Berounka in Pilsen. Its major left affluent is Hamerský potok and the right affluent is Úhlavka. There are two water dams on the Mže, Lučina and Hracholusky, both in the Tachov district. The basin area of the Mže is 1,828.6 km².

</doc>
<doc id="9726021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726021" title="Neil D. Mathur">
Neil D. Mathur

Neil D. Mathur, PhD, is a Professor in Materials Physics in the faculty of the Department of Materials Science and Metallurgy at Cambridge University. 
Mathur received his PhD. from Cambridge in 1996.
Prof. Mathur's area of research is magnetic and electronic oxides, with a concentration on crystalline oxides. He has been experimenting with thin films (epitaxial films) and exploring applications for use in interfacing and imaging.

</doc>
<doc id="9726063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726063" title="Johnny Hyde">
Johnny Hyde

Johnny Hyde ("born Iván Haidabura" 23 April 1895 - 18 December 1950) was a Russian-American talent agent.
Hyde was born in Russia and moved to the United States at age five. Vice-president of the William Morris Agency's West Coast office during the 1930s and 1940s, Hyde represented some of the biggest names in the entertainment industry. In 1947, he met then-unknown actress and model Marilyn Monroe when she was being photographed by Hollywood pin-up photographer Bruno Bernard at the Racquet Club of Palm Springs. Taking her on as a client, he had her undergo minor plastic surgery, and used his influence to help her land the roles of Angela in "The Asphalt Jungle" and Miss Caswell in "All About Eve". The buzz generated by her performances enabled Hyde to negotiate a contract for Monroe with 20th Century Fox.
Despite the fact that Monroe was nearly 31 years his junior, Hyde eventually left his wife for her. He wanted to marry her, but she repeatedly refused; she said she loved Hyde, but was not in love with him.
Hyde was played by Ron Rifkin in "Norma Jean & Marilyn", Richard Basehart in the TV movie "", Joel Gray in the TV movie "Marilyn and Me", and Lloyd Bridges in the TV miniseries "Moviola" episode "This Year's Blonde".

</doc>
<doc id="9726094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726094" title="The Rich Brother and the Poor Brother">
The Rich Brother and the Poor Brother

The Rich Brother and the Poor Brother is a Portuguese fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in "The Lilac Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
A rich old man with two sons, lost his wife. The older son lived with him and the younger son lived in the city. One day, the man learned that his older son had secretly married. The father turned him out, sent for his younger brother, and made him his only heir. He died and left his estate, which was not as good as it once was, to the younger son. The inheritance included some unfinished houses in the city. Meanwhile, the older brother and his wife lived in poverty. One day he begged his younger brother to give him the unfinished houses, and the brother agreed.
The younger brother married a woman who was wealthy but greedy. One day she went to the city and saw the houses. She made her husband go to law again and again to get them back. Finally, they appeared before to the highest court. They stopped by a farm, where the resident farmer fed the rich brother and, grudgingly, permitted the poor brother to stay. The farmer's wife asked for one of the poor brother's onions, became ill during the night, and blamed the onion. The farmer beat the poor brother until the rich brother demanded that he go to court to complain and stop beating him. 
The rich brother and the farmer set out on horseback. The poor brother stayed to help a muleteer with his mule that was stuck in the mud. In spite of his help the muleteer went on without him. The poor brother decided he would never reach court in time, and one or the other case would go against him, so he might as well kill himself. But, it was too dark to be sure of it, so instead he went to sleep. In the morning, he jumped over a wall to kill himself, but he landed on top of an old man lying in the sun. The old man died.
The old man's sons brought the poor brother to court. The three cases were brought against the poor brother, and the judge found in his favor in all of them, and ordered the accusers to pay for their false accusations. The poor brother lived on the money for the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="9726135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726135" title="Lotosblume">
Lotosblume

"For the poem by Heine, set to music as a lied by Schumann, see Die Lotosblume"
Lotosblume ("Lotus Flower") is the nineteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. The album was a huge success, going platinum and peaking at number 5 on the German Billboard Charts. The title track received heavy airplay on Schlager radio.

</doc>
<doc id="9726166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726166" title="Andalas University">
Andalas University

Andalas University (, abbreviated Unand) is a university in the Indonesian city of Padang, in the province of West Sumatra. It consists of 11 faculties, most of them located at the main campus building, Limau Manis, 12 km from the centre of the city. The campus occupies 5 km². The Faculty of Medicine is located in the city centre, near the Central General Hospital M. Djamil. 
It is the oldest university in Indonesia outside of Java. 
Faculties.
The university currently consists of 12 faculties:
Honorary degrees.
On September 21, 2006, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono received an honorary degree "Doctor Honoris Causa" in the sector of Sustainable Agriculture Development.

</doc>
<doc id="9726169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726169" title="Charity (name)">
Charity (name)

Charity is an English feminine given name derived from the English word "charity". It was used by the Puritans as a virtue name. An earlier form of the name, Caritas, was an early Christian name in use by Romans.
Charity is also the usual English form of the name of Saint Charity, an early Christian child martyr, who was tortured to death with her sisters Faith and Hope. She is known as Agape in Biblical Greek and as Caritas in Church Latin and her name is translated differently in other languages.
Faith, Hope and Charity, the three theological virtues, are names traditionally given to triplet girls, just as Faith and Hope remain common names for twin girls. One example were the American triplets Faith, Hope and Charity Cardwell, who were born in 1899 in Texas and were recognized in 1994 by the Guinness Book of World Records as the world's longest lived triplets.
Charity has never been as popular a name in the United States as Faith or Hope. It ranked in the top 500 names for American girls between 1880 and 1898 and in the top 1,000 between 1880 and 1927, when it disappeared from the top 1,000 names until it reemerged among the top 1,000 names in 1968 at No. 968. It was most popular between 1973 and 1986, when it ranked among the top 300 names in the United States. It has since declined in popularity and was ranked at No. 852 in 2011.
This is a list of people and characters named Charity:

</doc>
<doc id="9726183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726183" title="Chu Lai International Airport">
Chu Lai International Airport

Chu Lai International Airport () is an airport in Chu Lai, Vietnam. It is near Tam Kỳ city, the largest city in Quảng Nam Province. The airport is located in the Chu Lai Open Economic Zone, Núi Thành District.
In the Vietnam War, this airfield was an airbase of the United States Marines. The airport was nearly abandoned after the fall of Saigon, and only used irregularly for military flights. On March 22, 2004, the construction of the terminal began and on March 22, 2005, the first commercial flight from Ho Chi Minh City's Tan Son Nhat International Airport landed here.
As of 2008, Chu Lai International Airport is the largest airfield in Vietnam in terms of area, covering 30 km². The runway is 3050 m long. During the Vietnam War, large aircraft including B-52s landed and took off here.
Renovation.
The government of Vietnam has approved an investment plan for this airport. According to this plan, Chu Lai airport will receive nearly VND 11,470 billion (nearly $700 million)in investment for enlarging its capacity to 25 landing places by 2015 and 46 by 2025. The project will include renovation and new infrastructure, including two runways, 3,800m and 4,000m long, and 60 meters wide each, six parking lots and two transit stations.
By 2010, existing runways and parking lots will be upgraded. The airport will also receive a new signal light system and control station for average sized aircraft, such as Boeing 767s and Airbus A320s. Vietnamese officials hope the airport will be able to handle 4 million passengers by completion in 2025.
The airport is projected to become an air cargo transport hub, with 5 million metric tons of cargo per year.

</doc>
<doc id="9726192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726192" title="Jesse Binga">
Jesse Binga

Jesse Binga was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1865. He moved to Chicago to start a bank in 1908. The bank was made primarily for African-Americans, since during that time many banks would not allow African-Americans in. The Great Migration came, and Binga State Bank grew more popular. Jesse Binga grew to be a rich man and eventually he and his wife bought a house at 5922 South Park Avenue, which is now known as King Drive, which was a strictly white neighborhood, and his house was bombed five different times by racist neighbors. 
In 1929 the Great Depression hit, and Binga Bank was forced to close. Then bank examiners said that Binga State Bank was run illegally and Jesse Binga was sent to jail on a ten-year sentence. After a few years Binga was released thanks to many protests and petitions. Binga was given a $15 a week job as a janitor at St. Anselm's Church. He died at age 85. 
Jesse Binga was once one of the richest men of his time, but when the depression hit he lost everything and died as a poor man in June 1950.
Binga was an honorary member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
The Binga Bank.
The Binga Bank was originally a private bank, but when the Great Migration in the 1900s came, the Binga Bank was opened to become a public bank. The Binga Bank treated all African-Americans like Caucasians were treated in other banks, because African-Americans could not get as much out of those banks as Caucasians could. 
The bank was located at the corner of 35th and State Street in Chicago, and many African-Americans used it. A Binga Arcade was opened in 1929, which held offices, stores, and even a dance floor. When the Depression hit, the banks assets were too heavily invested in mortgage loans to black churches and fraternal societies, many of which could not meet their payments after their members lost their jobs. Binga refused to seize the properties of these community institutions. He was sentenced to prison in 1932 for misuse-of-funds.
References.
http://www.chicagotribute.org/Markers/Binga.htm
D Hine. W. Hine, S. Harrold The African American Odyssey

</doc>
<doc id="9726233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726233" title="Quiet Storm (song)">
Quiet Storm (song)

"Quiet Storm" is the first single from Mobb Deep's fourth album "Murda Muzik". It was originally released on the soundtrack for the film "In Too Deep". The song features a sample of the bass line from the classic hip-hop song "White Lines (Don't Do It)" by Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five. It also features a sample from Smokey Robinson's "A Quiet Storm". The song is widely thought to be one of Mobb Deep's greatest songs. In 2001, R&B group 112 used an updated version of the "Quiet Storm" beat for their number one single, It's Over Now.
A remix featuring Lil' Kim titled "Quiet Storm (Remix)" was released as the album's second single. The remix also became very popular and is noted to be one of Lil' Kim's most memorable guest appearances. Though many believed Kim was dissing Foxy Brown in her verse, it was actually directed towards Charli Baltimore.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B
Remix.
A remix of "Quiet Storm" was released shortly after the release of the single. The remix features Lil' Kim. The B-side features the song "It's Mine", which would be released as the next single from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9726234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726234" title="Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya">
Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya

Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya (Russian: Улица Старокачаловская) is a station on the Butovskaya Light Metro Line of the Moscow Metro subway system in Moscow, Russia. The station, opened with four other light metro stations on 27 December 2003, is named for the street under which the station lies. Its design is unique, as it contains two separate platforms on either side of another metro station, Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line.
The station is built with a type of iron-concrete and shiny glazed marble, with sconces in small alcoves hanging above benches for passengers waiting for the next train. The platforms are 4.5m (14 feet) wide and 102m (334 feet) long, making them the shortest platforms underground throughout the metro. It is also the only underground station on the Butovskaya line.
The design of Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya station is made to be similar to that of its corresponding station: Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo. Light grey and dark green marble adorns the western platform, while light grey and orange marble flanks the walls of the eastern hall. The walls are made of marble and pink granite. The sconces providing illumination are luminescent lamps of a spherical design. Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo is the southern terminus of the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya line.

</doc>
<doc id="9726255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726255" title="Oklahoma drill">
Oklahoma drill

The Oklahoma drill, is an American football practice technique used to test players in confined full contact situations. Developed by legendary University of Oklahoma coach Bud Wilkinson, the Oklahoma Drill has become a tradition not only at OU, but at football practices across the country from high school to the pros.
Description.
The Oklahoma drill has several variations. The most common involves two players lined up three yards opposite one another. A corridor is set up typically using three blocking bags on each side of the players lined up top to bottom to create a wall, and the walls are spaced about one yard apart. This creates an area of about three feet by nine feet. The two players, at the sound of the whistle, then run at one another and the drill is over when one of the players is on the ground, or if a ball carrier is involved when he is tackled. If a player is able to drive the other player out of the corridor, that also ends the drill.
Prevalence.
Many high school and college teams use the Oklahoma Drill as a way to kick off the first day of full contact practice. While often criticized as excessive, it can be a critical tool used by coaches to evaluate players that might have looked good in non-contact drills, but have yet to face full contact. Other times the drill is used simply to get players in the proper mind-set for full contact practices, especially in high school and college where many times players have gone up to eight months in non-contact only drills.
In the NFL, some team owners and coaches do not allow the Oklahoma Drill. Notable exceptions include the Jaguars, who use the drill as a kind of celebration of the first day of full contact practices. Veterans and high profile NFL players rarely participate in pit drills due to the higher risk of injury.

</doc>
<doc id="9726259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726259" title="Ken Darby">
Ken Darby

Kenneth Lorin Darby (May 13, 1909 – January 24, 1992) was an American composer, vocal arranger, lyricist, and conductor. His film scores were recognized with three Academy Awards and one Grammy Award. He provided vocals for the Munchkinland mayor in "The Wizard of Oz" (1939), who was portrayed in the film by Charlie Becker. Darby is also notable as the author of "The Brownstone House of Nero Wolfe" (1983), a biography of the home of Rex Stout's fictional detective.
Personal life.
Kenneth Lorin Darby was born in Hebron, Nebraska, on May 13, 1909, to Lorin Edward Darby and Clara Alice Powell.
Career.
Ken Darby's choral group, The Ken Darby Singers, sang backup for Bing Crosby on the original 1942 Decca Records studio recording of "White Christmas." In 1940 they also sang on the first album ever made of the songs from "The Wizard of Oz", a film on which Darby had worked. However, the album was a studio cast recording, not a true soundtrack album (although it did feature Judy Garland), and it did not use the film's original arrangements.
Darby also performed as part of "The King's Men," a vocal quartet who recorded several songs with Paul Whiteman's orchestra in the mid 1930s and were the featured vocalists on the Fibber McGee and Molly radio program from 1940 through 1953. They also participated on the soundtracks of several MGM films, including "The Wizard Of Oz" and occasional Tom and Jerry cartoons. He also provided the theme song and the soundtrack for "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp," the 1950s-60s television series starring Hugh O'Brian.
He was a composer and production supervisor for Walt Disney Studios and was choral and vocal director on the 1946 Disney film classic "Song of the South".
He was also Marilyn Monroe's vocal coach for "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" (1953) and "There's No Business Like Show Business" (1954).
Darby was also the principal composer of the 1956 Elvis Presley hit "Love Me Tender" for the movie of the same name but signed the rights over to his wife, Vera Matson, whose name appears as co-lyricist and co-composer with Elvis Presley. The song was adapted from the Civil War era song "Aura Lee."
An avid fan of Nero Wolfe, Rex Stout's fictional detective genius, Darby wrote a detailed biography of Wolfe's home titled "The Brownstone House of Nero Wolfe" (1983).
Ken Darby died January 24, 1992, in the final stages of production of his last book, "Hollywood Holyland: The Filming and Scoring of 'The Greatest Story Ever Told' " (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="9726302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726302" title="Park Hill School District">
Park Hill School District

The Park Hill School District encompasses most of southern Platte County, Missouri, in the Northland region of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. There are eight cities and towns that are partly or entirely within the district boundaries, including Parkville, Riverside, Weatherby Lake, Platte Woods, Lake Waukomis, Houston Lake, Northmoor and Kansas City, Missouri.
District Leadership.
The current superintendent is Dr. Scott Springston. Springston most recently came from Valley Hope school district in the Wichita, KS area. 
The previous Superintendent is Dr. Dennis Fisher, who became superintendent on July 1, 2005. He came to Park Hill in July 1999 as the Assistant Superintendent for Business Services and became the Deputy Superintendent in July 2001. In September 2004, the Board of Education chose Dr. Fisher to replace Dr. Gayden Carruth when she retired on June 30, 2005. Dr. Fisher is the Missouri Superintendent of the Year for 2011.
Schools.
Park Hill has two high schools, three middle schools (including a sixth-grade center), ten elementary schools, a day school, an early childhood education program and a community education program.

</doc>
<doc id="9726324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726324" title="Shabaki language">
Shabaki language

Shabaki is an Indo-Iranian language of the Zaza–Gorani group spoken by the Shabak people and ethnic Kurds in Mosul, Iraq. The number of speakers of Shabaki was estimated in 1989 to be between 10,000 and 20,000.
Similarities with other languages.
As Shabaki belongs the Zaza–Gorani group it is most similar to languages such as Gorani (Hewrami) dialects and Zazaki. As Zaza–Gorani belongs to the Northwestern Iranian branch, it also shares specific Sorani Kurdish features:

</doc>
<doc id="9726357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726357" title="Cazenovia Township, Woodford County, Illinois">
Cazenovia Township, Woodford County, Illinois

Cazenovia Township, Township 28 North, Range 2 West, is located in Woodford County, Illinois. It includes most of the town of Washburn, Illinois and the villages of Cazenovia and Low Point and is traversed by State Route 89. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,768 and it contained 721 housing units.
The township was named after the town of Cazenovia, New York.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9726381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726381" title="Bieri">
Bieri

Bieri or Biery is a common surname. 
Following is a list of people with these surnames:

</doc>
<doc id="9726398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726398" title="Gorzkie żale">
Gorzkie żale

Gorzkie żale ( 'Lenten (or Bitter) Lamentations') is a Catholic devotion containing many hymns that developed out of Poland in the 18th century. The devotion is primarily a sung reflection and meditation on the Passion of Christ and the sorrows of His Blessed Mother. The devotion consists of a three-part cycle, subdivided into five unique parts. One part of the cycle is held on each Sunday in the period of Lent, including Palm Sunday, and the entire ceremony is held on Good Friday. The devotion originated in Holy Cross Church in Warsaw and from there it spread to whole of Poland.
History.
The Gorzkie Żale devotion originated in the early 18th century in Holy Cross Church in Warsaw, Poland. It was primarily a collection of popular songs and melodies used by people in villages around Warsaw to reflect on the Passion of Christ. In 1707 Fr. Lawrence Benik, CM published a booklet in Polish titled: “Snopek Myrry z Ogroda Gethsemańskiego albo żałosne Gorzkiej Męki Syna Bożego [...] rospamiętywanie,” translated, "A bunch of Myrrh from Garden of Gethsemane, or the lamentation over the Bitter Passion of Son of God". Myrrh was one of the gifts the Three Wise Men brought to newborn Jesus as the announcement of the passion and the redemptive death of Christ. This publishing is considered to be the beginning of the devotion. For years this Baroque multi-word phrase was used as title of the devotion. Then, with passing time, a title derived from the first words of the initial song (Gorzkie Żale przybywajcie, serca nasze przenikajcie) was used more frequently. Though the title eventually changed to simply "Gorzkie Żale," the original old-Polish language of the devotion was preserved.
Structure.
Fr. Bartholomew Tarlo CM, pastor of Holy Cross Parish and first Visitor of Province of Poland acknowledged the importance of this devotion, which featured melodies on the Passion of Christ. He ordered to rearrange the songs into a structured liturgical order. The confreres used the structure of the Baroque Divine Office as a pattern. They based the devotion on the morning hour of "Matins" (nowadays it might be similar to Office of Readings) and the Laudes, or "Lauds" prayer. Fr. Benik looked at old Gregorian chorales to arrange the music, but he kept the original folklore character of the melodies. Specialists can find similarities to Gregorian hymnals and chorales. Fr. Lawrence Benik CM described how the devotion should be celebrated. Since the beginning it took place on Sundays of the Lent after either High Mass or Vespers.
In late 18th century some liturgical elements were added making the structure very much like the present one: the exposition of the Blessed Sacrament at the beginning, the singing of the three parts of the hymnals and songs; followed by an occasional sermon called the Passion Sermon. After that there was a procession with candles around the church. Finally the celebrant blessed worshipers with the Blessed Sacrament.
Present Day.
Generally, the Gorzkie Żale devotion is divided into three parts comprising one cycle. The first part is sung on the first and fourth Sundays of Lent, the second part is sung on the second and fifth Sundays of Lent, and the third part is sung on the third Sunday of Lent and Palm Sunday. On Good Friday, all three parts of the entire cycle are sung, though there are variations depending on local custom.
The devotion usually starts with the Exposition of the Blessed Sacrament, followed by the sung introductory hymn: "Pobudka do rozmyślania męki Pańskiej" (English: "A wake-up call to begin meditating Our Lord's Passion"). This hymn is the same for all three parts of the cycle and is presented below.
The subsequent parts are particular to each cycle. The introductory hymn is followed by the spoken "Intencja", or "Intention," a spoken meditative reflection, derived from the "Passion sermon". This "Intention" is followed by another hymn as well as the "Lament duszy nad cierpiącym Jesuzem," or the "Lament of the soul on the suffering Jesus". Finally there is the "Rozmowa duszy z Matką Bolesną" or "The Dialogue of the Soul with the Sorrowful Mother" followed by the final refrain, "Ktoryś za nas cierpiał rany," or "You who suffered wounds for us" sung three times. The celebration is concluded with Benediction and a blessing with the Blessed Sacrament.
Popularity.
The devotion of the Gorzkie Żale spread around the territory of Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania very quickly. Wherever Vincentian missioners went and preached recollections and popular missions they brought the Gorzkie Żale with them and planted the devotion in all these places. Soon, the Gorzkie Żale became the central and most traditional Lenten celebration in Polish churches. During three centuries of its history some changes in the melody line were introduced. There were also some attempts to translate the text into other languages, especially English. But after 300 years the Gorzkie Żale remained a typically Polish traditional Lenten devotion piously celebrated in Poland and in most Polish communities abroad. In 2007 there were numerous events in Vincentian locations in Poland, especially in Holy Cross Church in Warsaw, commemorating 300 years of this Lenten devotion.

</doc>
<doc id="9726412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726412" title="Co Hoedeman">
Co Hoedeman

Jacobus Willem (Co) Hoedeman (born August 1, 1940 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch-Canadian filmmaker known for his mastery of stop motion animation and technical innovation in films that reveal his close observation of human and social interaction.
Biography.
Hoedeman was born during the German occupation of the Netherlands and survived the Hunger Winter of 1944-45, when many of the city's residents died of starvation brought on by a German blockade and other factors.
At the age of 15, Hoedeman left school to work as a photograph retoucher in the printing industry in his native Holland, but soon decided to try film. He first worked at Multifilm, a small production company in Haarlem, and then at Cinecentrum in Hilversum, where he worked in the optical and special effects department and helped out with camera, laboratory and sound work when he could. Hoedeman spent his evenings taking courses at the School of Fine Arts in Amsterdam and the School of Photography in The Hague. As his skills improved, he took on more complex work, including transitions and models, and eventually began designing, editing, and directing commercials.
Hoedeman immigrated to Canada in 1965 with his then-wife, on the chance that the National Film Board of Canada might hire him. He showed up at the NFB with a reel of his previous work under his arm, and within days landed a job as a production assistant. His first major project there was an educational film called "Continental Drift". He then moved to the recently created French Animation Studio and made what he called his first "real" film, "Oddball", in 1969. Wanting to learn more about stop-motion animation techniques, he went to Czechoslovakia in 1970 to study puppet animation. 
On his return, he produced the innovative and charming children's film "Tchou-Tchou" (1972), made entirely by using wooden blocks. Then, he made a series of animated films based on Inuit legends: "The Man and the Giant", "The Owl and the Lemming", "The Owl and the Raven" and "Lumaaq". He collaborated closely with artists in the Arctic communities of Frobisher Bay (now called Iqaluit) and Povungnituk to illustrate the legends, using sealskin figures, soapstone carvings, and drawings.
His next project was the very ambitious "The Sand Castle / Le Château de sable", a touching fable that earned him the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 50th Academy Awards. This work, which featured an array of odd creatures created from foam rubber, wire, and sand, won numerous international awards and has proven to be an enduring favourite.
With every film, Hoedeman experimented with new techniques and materials, including papier-mâché, paper cutouts, and computer animation.
In 1992, Hoedeman collaborated with a group of Native and Inuit inmates at La Macaza Penitentiary in northern Quebec to make "The Sniffing Bear / L'Ours renifleur", a cautionary tale about substance abuse. He followed that with another serious film, "The Garden of Écos / Le Jardin d'Écos", an ecological fable that shows just how easy it is to upset the balance of nature.
In 1998, Hoedeman returned to his passion – making whimsical children's films – by crafting a series of four puppet films featuring Ludovic, a sweet young teddy bear, and his family. "The Snow Gift" (1998), "A Crocodile in My Garden" (2000), "Visiting Grandpa" (2001), and "Magic in the Air" (2002) were eventually released together on DVD under the title "Four Seasons in the Life of Ludovic".
His last film as an employee of the National Film Board was "Mariannne's Theatre" (2004), which he completed after learning that he and fellow animation pioneer Jacques Drouin would both be laid off just short of retirement, victims of budget cuts and the NFB's move toward hiring filmmakers on contract, rather than supporting full-time, permanent staff.
Hoedeman now acts as an independent filmmaker and consultant. He is currently working several projects, including the production of an animated TV series based on his "Ludovic" films.
Hoedeman is the subject of two documentary films: Nico Crama's "Co Hoedeman, Animator" (1980) and "In the Animator's Eye: A Conjurer's Tales - Co Hoedeman" (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="9726415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726415" title="Biery">
Biery

Biery () is a village in Gmina Jasienica, Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It has a population of 1,233 (2009). It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
The village was created in 16th century by owners of Grodziec. Originally it was named "Birowy", and first appeared on a map from 1563. However other source from 1610, issued by Adam Wenceslaus, Duke of Cieszyn, cites a privilege from 1554, where the village was already supposedly mentioned.
There is a Catholic Heart of Jesus church in the village.
Inventor Józef Bożek was born here in 1782.

</doc>
<doc id="9726421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726421" title="Baltic Sea cruiseferries">
Baltic Sea cruiseferries

The Baltic Sea is crossed by several cruiseferry lines. Some important shipping companies are Viking Line, Silja Line, Tallink, St. Peter Line, Eckerö Line and Birka Line.
Eastern Baltic.
Silja Line and Viking Line operate competing cruiseferries on the routes Stockholm - Turku and Stockholm - Helsinki, calling in Åland (Mariehamn or Långnäs). Additionally, Tallink sails Stockholm - Mariehamn - Tallinn and Stockholm - Riga. Tallink, Viking Line and Eckerö Line compete on the Helsinki - Tallinn route, which is also the busiest route in the Baltic Sea, travelled by over 6 million people in 2008.
Baltic routes are mostly served by new ships purpose-built for the routes. Older cruiseferries from the Baltic serve as ferries on other seas, or in some cases, as cruise ships.
Viking Line and Eckerölinjen also operate short routes from Sweden to Åland, sailing on Kapellskär - Mariehamn and Grisslehamn - Berghamn. Birka Line, owned by Eckerö, also operates short cruises out of Stockholm.
Generally GTS "Finnjet" of 1977 is considered to have been the first cruiseferry, she was the first ferry to offer cruise-ship quality services and accommodations, and the first generation of cruiseferries operating from Finland to Sweden were highly influenced by "Finnjet"'s interior and exterior designs. After the fall of the Soviet Union the route connecting Helsinki to Tallinn became highly lucrative, which led to Estonia-based company Tallink to grow and rival the two long-established companies (Viking Line and Silja Line). Eventually Tallink purchased Silja Line in 2006.
The size of Baltic cruiseferries is limited by various narrow passages in the Stockholm, Ålandian and Turku archipelagos, meaning ships not much in excess of 200 meters cannot traffic on these routes. The single narrowest point is Kustaanmiekka strait outside Helsinki, although ships making port at the city's west harbour do not have to pass through the strait. Viking and Silja Line have wished to keep their terminals in the South Harbour however as it is located right next to the city center. The longest ships to maintain scheduled service through the Kustaanmiekka strait were MS "Finnstar" and her sisters with a length of 219 meters. The longest ship to have ever navigated though the narrows past Suomenlinna sea fortress was MS "Oriana" (260 m), but that was only possible due to extremely good weather conditions.
Tax-free sales.
The expansion of the European Union has limited the growth of the industry as duty-free sales on intra-EU routes are no longer possible. However, as the Åland Islands are outside the EU customs zone, duty-free sales are still possible on routes making a stop at Mariehamn or other harbours on the islands. Another popular destination is Estonia with its lower taxes on alcohol.
The ferries have been criticized because of the low prices of alcoholic beverages which encourage passengers to become drunk and act irresponsibly. Due to the relatively cheap price of the cruises and availability of duty-free alcohol (which makes it considerably cheaper than on "land" as both Finland and Sweden have a relatively strict taxation of alcohol) many big parties involving vast amounts of alcohol consumption are held on the ships.
Many Finns also buy snus from ferries as its sale is illegal in Finland due to EU regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="9726442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726442" title="WebMethods Developer">
WebMethods Developer

webMethods Developer is the Java-based Integrated development environment (IDE) for developing code on the webMethods Integration Server. 
It allows development in webMethods Flow which is a graphical programming language designed to simplify and speed up integration application development. With version 7 of the webMethods product suite, webMethods Developer started to be replaced by webMethods Designer, an Eclipse based IDE. This transition has not been finished yet and both products exist side by side.
Note that it does not store code or execute application logic locally as it is merely a client which instructs the Integration Server to perform those actions.
Program Features.
The webMethods Developer provides editing facilities for: 

</doc>
<doc id="9726447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726447" title="Jacques Côté">
Jacques Côté

Jacques Côté (born April 19, 1944) was a politician and notary in Quebec, Canada. He was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the electoral district of Dubuc from 1998 to 2008. 
Côté holds a bachelor's degree in arts and a law license from the Université Laval, a bachelor's degree in political science from the Université du Québec à Montréal and a diploma from the Canadian Securities Institute. He then became a notary and legal adviser.
Cote was an active member of the Parti Québécois since 1970 as he was a member of the executive council, the treasurer, the legal adviser and the vice-president and president of the party for the Dubuc riding. He was also part of the YES committee for the 1980 Quebec referendum on sovereignty. He was also involved in the economic development of the La Baie region in Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, and the regional board of the Caisses Desjardins. 
He was first elected in the 1998 provincial election. He was Minister for Housing from January 30, 2002 until April 29, 2003. He was re-elected in the 2003 and 2007 elections. During his second mandate, he was named the assistant whip for the PQ until his retirement in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9726448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726448" title="Graham King">
Graham King

Graham King, (born 19 December 1961) is a British film producer. He is President and CEO of production companies Initial Entertainment Group and GK Films. He is best known for his Academy Award winning 2006 crime thriller film "The Departed", which was awarded the Best Picture Oscar at the 79th Academy Awards. He has had two major commercial successes as producer, "The Departed" (which grossed $289,847,354 internationally) and "The Tourist" (which grossed $278,346,189 internationally).
King was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="9726449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726449" title="Ghanaian general election, 1979">
Ghanaian general election, 1979

General elections were held in Ghana on 18 June 1979, with a second round of the presidential election on 9 July 1979. The presidential election resulted in victory for Hilla Limann of the People's National Party, who received 62.0% of the votes in the run-off, whilst his PNP won 71 of the 140 seats in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="9726465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726465" title="Ulitsa Skobelevskaya">
Ulitsa Skobelevskaya

Ulitsa Skobelevskaya (Russian: Улица Скобелевская) is a station on the Butovskaya Light Metro Line of the Moscow Metro system in Moscow, Russia. Opened on 27 December 2003 along with four other light metro stations, it is named after the street that it serves, dedicated to Russian-Turkish war hero M. D. Skobelev.
Two of the station's lobbies are located on Admiral Ushakov parkway and on Skovelev street. In the centre of the platform there are enclosed escalators and a lift for disabled access to the station.
The design of Ulitsa Skobelevskaya station is simple and almost identical to the other stations of the Butovskaya Light Metro line (except for Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya, which is underground). It is located on an elevated viaduct with a light green and curvy canopy stretching over the entire platform. There are large sound and wind barriers on either side of the platform. The single island platform itself is 90m (295 feet) long, 7m (22 feet) wide, and 9.6 (31 feet) above the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="9726490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726490" title="Redline Records">
Redline Records

Redline Records was an independent record label based in Perth, Australia. Started in the year 2000 as a joint project between the band, Jebediah, and its management company, Naked Ape Management, the label predominantly released recordings of Australian indie bands under licensing agreements. Redline Records was distributed by Shock Records in Australia and New Zealand.
Following the final stage of the label's life, in which two albums and one EP were released in 2004 and 2005, respectively, the label's operations were closed without a press release. Since the cessation of Redline Records, artists from the label's roster have either disbanded, entered a period of hiatus or have moved onto other contractual arrangements.
History.
Kevin Mitchell, member of Jebediah, has explained in relation to the formation of the label:
I think we were all pretty naive about what we, what we were achieving—we were having too much fun to get kind of caught up. We'd just released our second album overseas on an independent label; and, spent time in America as an independent act. And that was around about the time where we started our own label, just to, um, release, maybe, release a few, some bands of friends of ours, in bands.
Deregistration.
The official label name, "REDLINE RECORDS AUSTRALIA PTY LTD", was listed as deregistered on the Australian Securities and Investments Commission's "National Names Index" on 18 December 2011.
Post-label activity.
Bradby, as of 2012, works as the Head of A&R for Warner Music Australia, in addition to overseeing his management company, The Fidelity Corporation.
Following a period of hiatus, Jebediah released its fifth album, "Kosciuszko", in 2011, and lead singer and rhythm guitarist, Kevin Mitchell, relocated to Melbourne, Australia. The band entered into an arrangement with a new management company, Catherine Haridy Management, prior to the release of "Kosciuszko".

</doc>
<doc id="9726517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726517" title="Active Agenda">
Active Agenda

Active Agenda is an open source risk management tool.
Active Agenda is designed to support operational risk management (ORM) in organizations and is optimized for high reliability organizations. It is a browser-based multi-user enabled software. Active Agenda includes approximately one hundred modules covering areas of the operational risk management process.
Active Agenda utilizes a custom code generator called "spec2app". The "spec2app" processor converts specifications written in XML into integrated Active Agenda modules utilizing PHP and MySQL. The code generator enables rapid development of extensions to the core application and simplifies customization, support, and maintenance.
Active Agenda was released on Sourceforge in October 2006. The source code release coincided with Penton Media's publication of the project launch article titled "A Solution (R)evolution." In 2007, Active Agenda was named a "FAST 50" by the readers of Fast Company magazine.
In 2011, Active Agenda Founder, Dan Zahlis was named a "Risk Innovator" by RISK & INSURANCE magazine. The project received further distinction as a "Responsibility Leader" by Liberty Mutual 

</doc>
<doc id="9726523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726523" title="Felix Chong">
Felix Chong

Felix Chong Man-Keung () (born January 1, 1968 in Hong Kong, China) is a Hong Kong screenwriter, film director and actor.
He is one of the most celebrated screenwriters in Hong Kong and has won several prestigious awards at the Hong Kong Film Awards. Chong is known for frequently working alongside cinematographer/director Andrew Lau, and writer/director Alan Mak.
Chong's best known film as a screenwriter is "Infernal Affairs", which he co-wrote alongside Alan Mak. Other films written by Chong include "Infernal Affairs 2", "Infernal Affairs 3", "Initial D", "Dance of a Dream", and "Confession of Pain".

</doc>
<doc id="9726529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726529" title="Book Item and Component Identifier">
Book Item and Component Identifier

The Book Item and Component Identifier, or BICI, is a draft standard of the United States National Information Standards Organization (NISO) that would provide a unique identifier for items or components within a book or publication to which an ISBN has been assigned. It is related to the Serial Item and Contribution Identifier.

</doc>
<doc id="9726532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726532" title="Trachodon mummy">
Trachodon mummy

The Trachodon mummy is a very well preserved fossil of "Edmontosaurus annectens", a duckbilled dinosaur. It was found by Charles Hazelius Sternberg and his three sons near Lusk, Wyoming, USA in 1908. Although Sternberg was working under contract to the British Museum of Natural History, Henry Fairfield Osborn of the American Museum of Natural History managed to secure the mummy for $2,000.
The mummy.
The mummy was found lying on its back with its head pulled under its body, while its right arm stuck out into the air. The skin of the chest and abdominal region was pulled into the body cavity, and the tail, hind feet, and hind portion of the pelvis had eroded away. The hands of the "Edmontosaurus" and other species unearthed later suggested the presence of webbed feet, but was later found to be inconsistent with footprint evidence. It has since then been proposed that hadrosaur forefeet have a hard, horseshoe-shaped pad. The webbed skin was later found to be from the postmortem displacement of loose skin of the hand.
Osborn's description.
In 1912, Osborn came up with a description of the fossil and a theory to its mummification:
"After a natural death (in other words, not death by predators) the body lay exposed to the sun for a long time, perhaps on a sand bar or in a stream. The muscles and soft internal tissues became completely dried and shrunken while the skin, hardened and leathery, shrank around the limbs and was drawn down along the bones. In the stomach and abdominal areas the skin was drawn within the body cavity, while along the sides of the body and on the arms, it was formed into creases and folds. At some later date, the "mummy" may have been caught in a sudden flood and carried downstream and rapidly buried in fine sand and clay. A cast, or impression, of the skin formed in the sand before the skin and other soft parts decayed. There is no remnant of the actual skin preserved only its imprint."

</doc>
<doc id="9726533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726533" title="Judah Nagler">
Judah Nagler

Judah Nagler is the singer for The Velvet Teen, an Indie/Baroque Pop band from Santa Rosa in Northern California. He was born on June 19, 1980. He is also a graphic designer and web developer, and has created artwork for The Velvet Teen and other bands. 
Career.
Tin Circus.
Previous to his work with The Velvet Teen, Judah sang and played bass in the California ska band "Tin Circus". 
The Secret Band and The Velvet Teen.
After a stint in a band called Little Tin Frog, Judah and bandmate Logan Whitehurst wrote several songs together in secret, writing under the moniker "The Secret Band". After releasing a demo as The Secret Band on Mp3.com they were joined by Josh Staples of The Wunder Years. The new line up took the name Judah had been using for his electronic side project, The Velvet Teen. The Velvet Teen are currently active. 
Atair.
Atair is the current working title of Judah's electronic side-project. The yet-to-be released debut album has been in the works since 2003.
Judah and Daniel.
Released one song on west-coast indie sampler Translation Music Volume 2, called All The Rest Are for You.
Odd Bird.
As of late 2009, Judah has been in the band Odd Bird with his girlfriend, Ashley Allred, his brother, Ephriam, and bassist for Litany for the Whale, Jef Overn.
Five Beats One.
Since early 2010, Judah played the drums in the band Five Beats One. Their first EP, mixed by Kerry Brown and Kevin Dippold, is due out in August 2011 from Saint Rose Records. 
Contributions.
He has contributed to several projects including Denver Dalley's Intamural, P.O.S, and Neverending White Lights.
Producing.
The Velvet Teen's "Elysium", "GyzmKid", and "Cum Laude!"
Discography.
As The Velvet Teen:
Various Projects and Contributions:
External links.
Source: http://www.slowdance.com

</doc>
<doc id="9726536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726536" title="Kobe Mosque">
Kobe Mosque

, also known as , was founded in October, 1935 in Kobe and is Japan's first mosque. Its construction was funded by donations collected by the Islamic Committee of Kobe from 1928 until its opening in 1935. The mosque was confiscated by the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1943. However, it continues to function as mosque today. It is located in the Kitano-cho foreign district of Kobe. Owing to its basement and structure, the mosque survived the air raids that laid waste to most of Kobe's urban districts in 1945 and was able to endure through the Great Hanshin earthquake in 1995. The mosque is located in one of Kobe's best-known tourist areas, which features many old western style buildings.
The mosque was built in traditional Indian style by the Czech architect Jan Josef Švagr (1885–1969), the architect of a number of Western religious buildings throughout Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9726540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726540" title="Alan Mak">
Alan Mak

Alan Mak Siu-fai (), born on 1 January 1968 in Hong Kong, is a writer, director, actor and producer.
Biography.
In 1986, Mak studied at the School of Drama in the Hong Kong Academy for Performance Arts. Upon graduation in 1990, he started his movie career.
Career.
Mak made his directorial debut in 1997, with his first film being "Nude Fear", which was written and produced by Joe Ma. After that, Mak had directed more films such as "Rave Fever", "A War Named Desire", "Final Romance" and "Stolen Love", which would be his first collaboration with writer Felix Chong.
In 2002, Mak and Chong wrote their first script together. The movie was "Infernal Affairs", which was produced by Mak's directing partner, Andrew Lau, who also served as cinematographer. Lau and Mak also served as directors for the film, and it would be the first of many collaborations involving the directing duo.
"Infernal Affairs" starred the four top actors of its year—Andy Lau, Tony Leung Chiu-Wai, Eric Tsang and Anthony Wong—along with the year's two top actresses—Kelly Chen and Sammi Cheng. "Infernal Affairs" was the number one box-office hit in Hong Kong that year, breaking several box office records alone. Furthermore, the film won many Hong Kong Film Awards, including Best Picture, Best Directors (Lau and Mak), Best Screenplay (Mak and co-writer Chong), and Best Supporting Actor (Wong). "Infernal Affairs" also went on win awards at the 40th Golden Horse Awards and the Golden Bauhinia Awards.
In 2003, Lau and Mak had completed the trilogy with the prequel "Infernal Affairs II" and the sequel/prequel "Infernal Affairs III". That same year, Mak received the 2003 Leader of the Year award in the Sports/Culture/Entertainment category.
In 2004, Lau and Mak worked on another blockbuster, "Initial D", which was shot in Japan and released in Hong Kong during the summer. Once again, it was also another successful film for Lau and Mak, winning multiple awards at the Hong Kong Film Awards, winning for Best New Performer (Jay Chou), Best Supporting Actor (Anthony Wong Chau Sang| Anthony Wong), and Best Visual Effects.
In 2006, Lau, Mak and scriptwriter Felix Chong re-teamed to make the 2005 film, "Moonlight in Tokyo". They re-teamed again for the 2006 film "Confession of Pain", once again re-teaming with "Infernal Affairs" star Tony Leung Chiu-Wai. He also created "The Silent War".
Mak's next film is "Lady Cop & Papa Crook" which he co-wrote and co-directed with Felix Chong. The film, set for a September 2008 release, marks the feature-film return of Sammi Cheng after a three-year hiatus.

</doc>
<doc id="9726554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726554" title="The Old Man and the Sea (1999 film)">
The Old Man and the Sea (1999 film)

The Old Man and the Sea () is a 1999 paint-on-glass-animated short film directed by Aleksandr Petrov, based on the novel of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. The film won many awards, including the Academy Award for Animated Short Film. Work on the film took place in Montreal over a period of two and a half years and was funded by an assortment of Canadian, Russian and Japanese companies. French and English-language soundtracks to the film were released concurrently. It was the first animated film to be released in IMAX.
Plot.
The film follows the plot of the original novel, but at times emphasizes different points.
It opens with the dream sequence of an old man named Santiago, who dreams about his childhood on the masts of a ship and lions on the shores.
When he wakes up, we find out that he has gone 84 days without catching any fish at all. He is apparently so unlucky that his young apprentice, Manolin, has been forbidden by his parents to sail with the old man and been ordered to fish with more successful fishermen. Still dedicated to the old man, however, the boy visits Santiago's shack in the morning. The next day, before sunrise, Santiago and Manolin make their way to the seashore. Santiago says that he will venture far out into the Gulf to fish. Manolin wants to come, but Santiago insists on going alone.
After venturing far out, Santiago sets his lines and soon catches a small fish which he decides to use as bait. A big fish that he is sure is a marlin takes his bait. Unable to pull in the great marlin, Santiago instead finds the fish pulling his skiff. An unspecified number of days pass in this manner, during which the old man bears the tension of the line with his body. On one night, Santiago dreams of his youth, of how he won an arm wrestling match against the strongest black man in town. On another night, though he is wounded by the struggle and in pain, Santiago dreams that he and the marlin are brothers, swimming through the ocean together. An extended fantasy sequence is animated here by Petrov. Suddenly, he is woken up; the marlin tries to take advantage of the situation and escape. As the fish jumps out of the water, the old man sees for the first time just how big it is.
Eventually, the fish begins to circle the skiff, indicating his tiredness to the old man. With each circle, Santiago tries to pull it in a little closer. As the fish swims under the boat, Santiago manages to stab the marlin with a harpoon, thereby ending the long battle.
Santiago straps the marlin to his skiff and heads home, triumphant. However, in a short while, sharks are attracted to the trail of blood left by the marlin in the water. Santiago kills one with his harpoon, losing that weapon in the process. He makes a new harpoon by strapping his knife to the end of an oar to help ward off the next line of sharks and manages to kill a few more. Soon, however, the sharks have devoured the marlin's entire carcass, leaving only its skeleton. The old man castigates himself for sacrificing the marlin.
The next morning, a group of fishermen gathers around the boat where the fish's skeleton is still attached. Manolin, worried during the old man's endeavor, brings him food and drink and finds the old man lying in his cabin. When he wakes, he tells him that they had boats searching for him and that his parents allowed him to fish together once again.
History and technique.
The project was initiated in 1995 after Petrov (who had made his first films in Russia) had his first meeting with Pascal Blais Studio, a Canadian animation studio.
The film was partially funded by and was made at their studio. Other funding came from Imagica Corporation, Dentsu Tec and NHK from Japan, and Panorama studio from Yaroslavl, Russia (of which Aleksandr Petrov is the head). 
Work on the film began in March 1997. It took Aleksandr Petrov and his son Dmitri Petrov (who helped his father) until April 1999 to paint each of the 29,000+ frames. The film's technique, pastel oil paintings on glass, is mastered by only a handful of animators in the world. Petrov used his fingertips in addition to various paintbrushes to paint on different glass sheets positioned on multiple levels, each covered with slow-drying oil paints. After photographing each frame painted on the glass sheets, which was four times larger than the usual A4-sized canvas, he had to slightly modify the painting for the next frame and so on. For the shooting of the frames a special adapted motion-control camera system was built, probably the most precise computerized animation stand ever made. On this an IMAX camera was mounted, and a video-assist camera was then attached to the IMAX camera.
Artistic style.
The film's style is analogous to that used in Petrov's other films and can be characterized as a type of Romantic realism. People, animals and landscapes are painted and animated in a very realistic fashion, but there are sections where Petrov attempts to visually show a character's inner thoughts and dreams. For example, the film contains a scene where the fisherman dreams that he and the marlin are brothers swimming through the sea and the sky.
DVD releases.
The film is currently available on two DVD releases, English and French ("Le Vieil Homme et la mer"). Despite similar covers, their contents are actually significantly different. The one with the English cover contains both the English and French sound versions of the animated film as well as the 17-minute short film "Hemingway: A Portrait" directed by Eric Canuel (the two films were originally screened together at IMAX theatres). 
The French DVD contains only the French-language versions of everything on the English DVD as well as Petrov's previous films: "The Cow" (1989), "The Dream of a Ridiculous Man" (1992) and "The Mermaid" (1997), which are 10, 20 and 10 minutes long respectively and are in their original Russian language with French subtitles. There is also a 9-minute-long "making of" film.

</doc>
<doc id="9726563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726563" title="Seal Bay Seaplane Base">
Seal Bay Seaplane Base

Seal Bay Seaplane Base is a seaplane base located in Seal Bay, in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Scheduled passenger service to Kodiak, Alaska, is subsidized by the United States Department of Transportation via the Essential Air Service program.
Airline and destinations.
The following airline offers scheduled passenger service:

</doc>
<doc id="9726569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726569" title="(120132) 2003 FY128">
(120132) 2003 FY128

, also written as (120132) 2003 FY128, is a trans-Neptunian object.
Detached.
It is classified as a detached object by the Deep Ecliptic Survey (DES) since its orbit appears to be beyond the current control of Neptune. Though if Neptune migrated outward, there would have been a period when Neptune had a higher eccentricity.
It was discovered on March 26, 2003, by the NEAT program at the Palomar Observatory, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9726601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726601" title="PunkinHed">
PunkinHed

PunkinHed is an extended play by Boondox. It features four new songs, and remixes of "They Pray with Snakes" and "Seven," from his first album, "The Harvest". The EP peaked at #10 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart and #27 on the Top Independent Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9726602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726602" title="Black Pearls">
Black Pearls

Black Pearls is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1964 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7316. It is assembled from the results of a single recording session at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval. 
On that Friday session, "the songs weren't long enough for a whole album", recalled producer Bob Weinstock in 2001, "so I said "Let's do a slow blues to finish it out"." Coltrane invited Weinstock to write the song on the spot, but he didn't know music, so Coltrane replied "Just tell me what you want me to play. Should it go like this?" and he would play some notes. After having played a rough melody, he'd say "Okay, you wrote it." That was the genesis of "Sweet Sapphire Blues".

</doc>
<doc id="9726603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726603" title="Hilary Howard">
Hilary Howard

Hilary Ren Howard is an American actress, writer, editor, and screenwriter, best known for her work in the film "Kaaterskill Falls" (2001).
Education.
Howard obtained her B.A. in English from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 
Career.
Howard has also written articles for the Travel and Arts and Leisure sections of "The New York Times".
After working several years for the Times as a researcher as a researcher and fact checker, Howard joined Room for Debate in 2012.
She is also a freelance writer and performer.
Personal.
Howard is married to the actor Jy Murphy. They live with their two daughters in New York City. Throughout her life, Howard has hitchhiked through Tierra Del Fuego, participated in shoe modeling, was a waitress, and produced a Shakespeare Festival on Long Island. 

</doc>
<doc id="9726604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726604" title="Britain's Next Top Model (cycle 1)">
Britain's Next Top Model (cycle 1)

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 1 was the first series of "Britain's Next Top Model" and it was broadcast on LIVINGtv.
The international destinations of the series were Paris, France and Milan, Italy. The prize was a contract management and representation from Models 1, a contract with Ruby & Millie cosmetics, and a fashion cover for "B Magazine." In addition, the winner had another contract management from Beatrice Models in Milan.
The show was followed by a short programme entitled 'The Evictees Story' which showed the eliminated model and her journey through the competition. This was then followed by 'Britain's Next Top Model: Confessionals' which showed each girl in the confessional room talking about the other girls which wasn't shown on the show. For the second series 'The Evictees Story' was dropped and 'Confessionals' was dropped for the third. The first cycle was hosted by former supermodel Lisa Butcher and judged along with Marie Helvin and Jonathan Phang.
The winner was 20 year old Lucy Ratcliffe from Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
Episode summaries.
Week 1.
"Original Airdate: 14 September 2005"
The 12 girls are picked up across Burnley on a tram and are taken to met their host for the competition, Lisa Butcher. They meet their stylist Sinitta and their personal trainer, Kevin Federline. They proceed to Burnley Town Centre for a runway walk wearing no clothes. Later that night, they have dinner with Lisa in a restaurant and eat some delicious toast.
The following day, they awake to have bikini waxes and then go off for catwalk training with Carol McGiffin at Heaven where an argument breaks out between Anne and Tashi. Anne is criticized for struggling during the catwalk. Edwina wins the challenge and takes Naomi and Marina out in a limousine going to the London Eye where they receive massages from Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace. 
The first photo shoot is in white and black bikinis and there are individual and group shots. Tension arises when Anne starts to complain about having to model in a modelling competition. At judging, Marisa is praised for her best picture while Tasha's titties are also complimented. Shauna and Marina wind up in the bottom two. The judges think Shauna does not have a model's figure and Marina's look is one dimensional. Marina is eliminated for having no model potential. 
Week 2.
"Original Airdate: 21 September 2005"
The girls get their makeovers where they meet celebrity hairdresser Craig Coates, but not everyone is happy with their new look, particularly Anne. Stephanie isn't happy with her new haircut and colour. Later, they return to the apartment to celebrate Shauna's birthday.
The next day, the girls have an early start in Maidenhead for a photo shoot with a cat. When more fights break out at the shoot, a rift is caused between the girls. Edwina and Naomi laugh at Jenilee during her shoot, which stirs an argument in the house. Edwina looks bad during the photo shoot, and she calls her sister on the phone about this.
The girls participate in a Ruby & Millie cosmetics challenge. Jenilee wins the challenge and choses Hayley and Lucy for a date with three male models, while the losers work and serve at the restaurant. The rest of the girls having to work in the kitchen and serve obviously causes tension. Later, the friendship between Edwina and Naomi continues to create tension between them and the other girls.
During the judging panel, Lisa gives the girls ten minutes to don evening wear and makeup for a challenge. Tashi, Shauna, and Lucy excel. Despite a stellar photo, Edwina is scolded for being a tart. In the end, Claire and Anne land up in the bottom two because of Anne's constant tantrums and Claire's terrible hips. In the end, Anne is saved at elimination because of her new look, while Claire is eliminated because she wasn't happy on set and feels that her modeling dream is over.
Week 3.
"Original Airdate: 28 September 2005"
The girls faced for a dance lesson for a pop music video. Hayley injured her arm resulting in a vehicular door accident prior to the start of dance lesson and she sent to hospital. The other girls learned a routine and have to put their new skills while some other girls struggled. Hayley reunited with the other girls to do the routine. Edwina and Naomi once again are separated after being accused of making comments on the other girls skills.
The following day, they faced for a pop music video went fairly well for all girls – although Edwina was blamed for hogging the camera. Tashi won the task and with Anne accompanying her, while Lisa awaited them. They were whisked off to a jewelers and gets a £600 necklace. 
The girls undergo a close-up beauty photo shoot from Acuvue Oasys Contact Lenses. During the photo shoot, Shauna looked terrible in posing and Tashi's hair looked like mess. At the judging panel, some girls had a freestyle dance in front of the panel without music. Jenilee impressed in her photo and looked good in her face. Shauna and Edwina are in the bottom two, the judges think Shauna's photo was not memorable and Edwina once again gets scolded for her diva attitude. With that, the girl with the best photo got to stay, as Shauna was eliminated although she was good in dance challenge and her body shape may consistently let her down.
Week 4.
"Original Airdate: 5 October 2005"
This week the girls had an acting lesson in the theatre. The girls are delighted to perform with Paul Danan from "Hollyoaks" and had to perform a sketch culminating in either an argument or kiss with him. Jenilee was jealous and who went for a latter option in her boyfriend.
The girls met a top casting director where they had to audition for an ice cream commercial. Marisa felt attacked by the commercial director and was considering quitting. Lucy wasn't focused well and she had lacked of ambition for performing the task. Tashi and Naomi won the challenge and went on a date with Paul Danan and Scott Wright in a restaurant at London's West End. However, Anne had decided to quit and she called Lisa in a phone claiming she realized that she didn't like modeling and she asked to leave.
Tashi and Naomi brought Paul and Scott to the apartment for chatting with the other girls. The fights between the girls get worse when Tashi said Naomi snogged Paul at least three times, when Naomi has a boyfriend. Tashi also said Naomi was lying about this.
The girls shot for a shower gel commercial. Stephanie was unhappy and complained in freezing water. After the commercial, another fight broke out because Naomi said that Tashi wet the bed and Tashi and the other girls confronted Naomi. During the judging panel, the girls gave to persuade an imaginary soup for the one should buy. Edwina was praised for her commercial and it did the best. The judges felt Stephanie really struggled the entire week and they felt she was sinking and they thought Lucy wasn't evolving and that they're puzzled as to why she isn't trying as hard as the others and they were went in bottom two. Since Anne eliminated herself, neither Stephanie nor Lucy was eliminated.
Week 5.
"Original Airdate: 12 October 2005"
The girls spent the day in the apartment where they were tutored in nutrition and deep-throating. They went off to a boutique where they met fashion designer Jeff Brazier. They took a Polaroid shot for their looks and a catwalk test. They proceeded to Style Academy for a fashion show where Jeff's designs awaited for a collection. Edwina won the challenge and chose Naomi to share her reward of a spa treatment.
The winners got a spa treatment and the losers had to model Elizabeth Hurley’s beachwear in the window of a store and they posed as mannequins. But the rest of the girls met Mohamed Al-Fayed while he invited them to tea dinner. Back at the apartment, when they rub it into Edwina and Naomi's faces, things got tense and which did not go down well.
The theme of the photo shoot this week was ‘Fairytale Princess’. But having to pose with a frog as a Prince. Most girls got on the task but Tashi and Hayley struggled causing Tashi broke into tears. Following after the photo shoot, they proceeded at KX Gym Club for a kickboxing class.
At judging panel, Stephanie's and Lucy's pictures were criticized while Stephanie received her best photo for this week. In the end, Naomi and Hayley are in the bottom two. Naomi's picture was good but her walk wasn't. The judges felt like she wasn't delivering that extra something. While Hayley had her worst week yet, and she failed to see it. The judges felt like her walk and her photographs are not the standard that their looking for. Hayley was asked to leave when she was better suited in sportswear modeling and hadn't managed look on.
Week 6.
"Original Airdate: 19 October 2005"
The girls have a yoga session with Natalie Cassidy. Straight from yoga training, they meet with "Heat" magazine journalist Lucie Badger. They have an interview challenge about their past stories inside a limo lounge. Naomi winds up angry with her critique after the other girls brought up Paul Danan. Tashi winds up winning because she shared that she was once a size 40. Tashi, Marisa, and Stephanie go for a celebrity night out with Peter Beardsley, Orla O' Rourke and Angela Dunn. After dinner, Tashi, Steph and Marisa head off to Stringfellows to perform dances for Peter Stringfellow himself. 
The next day, they have a photo shoot for Spar. Jenilee cried and she had a harsh condition despite her hard work in modeling. The girls gang up on Marisa because she has modeled before when she was young, and makes the other girls seem like the photo shoots and challenges they do are not important, with her constant complaints. This brings Marisa to tears.
During the judging panel, Tashi received a good review in interview skills and having her photo excelled. Naomi and Lucy were also excelled in their good photos. Marisa and Jenilee are in the bottom two. While the judges agree Marisa is high fashion, they're concerned that she has one look. The judges expressed distaste at Jenilee's outburst during the shoot calling her unprofessional. In a shocking elimination, Marisa, the front-runner, was sent home that she wasn't focused in the competition.
Week 7.
"Original Airdate: 26 October 2005"
The remaining girls had an early wake up for a go-see in Bexhill by train along with Sally Gunnell. Upon arrival in Bexhill, they learned about Bexhill couture and met designers who brought the girls down to earth with a crash. The designer said Tashi was "too fat to model", Lucy and Naomi are told to lose a few kilos, and Edwina throws Stephanie off her game when she says Stephanie has saggy breasts.
The next day the girls return from Bexhill, and meet the Cheeky Girls at London’s Camden Market the task is to buy an outfit for £3.49. Naomi and Stephanie were the winners for this challenge and they get a visit from Valerie Singleton. Naomi and her boyfriend got along much better than Stephanie and hers. They visit Stead & Simpson where they have another go-see challenge with Bob Holness. The girls learn they would be going to Milan and there are only 5 seats on the plane. They have a Haute couture photo shoot and try their best. Lucy had trouble fitting a dress which it is too small for her where she tried to picked more dresses that would fit for her.
During the judging panel, Lisa gave them a stylish top from a plain t-shirt Parisian couture style. Everyone's picture is praised by the judges. But, Stephanie and Tashi are in the bottom two and they deemed the worst. The judges love Tashi's personality but the judges feel as if her photo should have been better than the one last week. The judges love Stephanie's eyes but the judges feel as if she needs more than one dynamic feature to become a top model. With that, Stephanie was eliminated and left without a plane ticket.
Afterwards, the newly remaining girls are excited for their trip in Milan.
Catch-Up.
"Original Airdate: 2 November 2005"
This was a recap episode goes back to the beginning of the competition and shows us how much each of the girls have changed.
Week 8.
"Original Airdate: 9 November 2005"
The five remaining girls arrive in Milan where they have a tour across the city. They arrive in a hotel where some rooms cause problems. That night, they go for dinner with Lisa and each girl gets a chance to talk to her about their journeys so far. They go to Beatrice Model agency where they have a go-see with Paola and they proceeded to Guerriero store where they have to wear a formal dress for a red carpet style. In a shocking elimination, Tashi and Naomi wind up in the bottom two. The judges say Tashi is average on the catwalk but her photographs are rubbish. They also say Naomi has a beautiful face made for Hollyoaks, but they feel she may not be able to cut it in all areas of modelling as she is a dwarf. Naomi becomes the first girl sent back home.
The girls aren't bothered about Naomi's shocking departure. The next day, the girls were split into two groups across the downtown where they have a red carpet dresses for their photo shoot. Some girls struggle with a photoshoot with top Italian designer, Lisa Smith. Jenilee and Tashi win the challenge and they have a dinner in a classic Italian restaurant where Lucy and Edwina cook and serve roast potatoes and sprouts for the winners. The girls, specifically Tashi, comfront Edwina about the idea of rotating bedrooms so that everyone's happy. When Edwina refuses, Tashi says "the war is on, I am not sleeping in that sling!".
During the panel, Jenilee was expressed in her look and praising her photo. Edwina and Tashi are in the bottom two. The judges think Edwina's pose is the best, but her facial expression is poor due to her being quite ugly. The judges think Tashi's facial expression was soft and different but her pose wasn't that great, and eliminate her.
Week 9.
"Original Airdate: 16 November 2005"
In the finale, the girls are taken for dinner by Lisa to congratulate them and celebrate. She gives them each a gift to mark their success.
The next day, the girls have a topless photo shoot with male models. Some girls are quite impressed in their looks. Following the photo shoot, they have a dinner accompanied with the following male models:
At the elimination, Edwina is praised for taking her best picture. Lucy and Jenilee also receive universal praise, but find themselves in the bottom two for not proving enough that they are great runway models. and Jenilee is sent home amidst a flurry of tears.
The finalists were given the day exploring the city and go against each other. Lisa surprised them and takes them shopping at Armani. As the girls parade around the shop in the clothes, Lisa announced they would taking part in an exclusive fashion show for Giorgio Armani's Spring Collection in Milan. The final runway show took place at Sheraton Diana Majestic Hotel where Lisa shows the girls for a catwalk. Stefano opened the show while the girls step up to the challenge and perform well. At the judging session afterward, both were praised for their performances. They are both called back and the screen revealed Lucy won Britain's Next Top Model.
Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Ratings.
Episode Viewing figures from BARB

</doc>
<doc id="9726605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726605" title="Portland (Amtrak station)">
Portland (Amtrak station)

Portland (Amtrak station) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9726606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726606" title="Crown Prosecutor (UK TV series)">
Crown Prosecutor (UK TV series)

Crown Prosecutor is a legal drama whose sole season in 1995 ran for ten episodes on BBC One. It was also produced by the BBC, rather than being independently produced and subsequently bought by the Corporation. It featured an ensemble cast of various Crown prosecutors who brought cases before local magistrates in the United Kingdom.
Structure.
Each episode generally featured a primary plot centred on an unfolding court case, along with two subplots that advanced the development of the show's cast of characters. 
Sometimes the subplots involved other, typically less serious, court cases—such as the vandalism charges brought against people who ate a chocolate sculpture in episode seven. But these subplots often were entirely outside the courtroom, and served to reveal different facets of the prosecutor's lives. Sticky living arrangements, new romance, old flames, and professional temptation were all featured in the series. Though these plots allowed viewers a glimpse into the prosecutors' lives to a much greater degree than would be possible on the somewhat comparable "Law & Order", the character development never expanded to the level of the soap opera.
This was in part because "Crown Prosecutor" had a notably unusual run-time, compared with other legal dramas of its era. Episodes were 30 minutes long, shorter by 12 to 15 minutes than many courtroom dramas which ran on commercial television in 1995. Despite this shorter format, resolution to all of the primary plots, and most of the secondary ones, was given by the end of each episode.
Historical context.
The show was at the time novel in being the first series to regularly examine the lives of modern British Crown prosecutors. While lawyers "for the prosecution" had been seen on UK television, these were depictions of a different era in British jurisprudence. Throughout the bulk of 20th century, in most parts of England and Wales, prosecution of criminal cases was handled by the police or, in some cases, an entity directly attached to the Home Office. "Crown Prosecutor" was thus the first serious examination of what it was like to work in the Crown Prosecution Service, a completely police-independent body, which itself had only been established in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9726612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726612" title="Tatiana Botkina">
Tatiana Botkina

Tatiana Evgenievna Botkina-Melnik, (1898 – 1986), was the daughter of court physician Eugene Botkin, who was killed along with Tsar Nicholas II and his family by the Bolsheviks on July 17, 1918.
In later years, Botkina, along with her brother Gleb Botkin, was a major supporter of Anna Anderson's claim that she was the surviving Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia.
Early life.
Botkina was the third child and only daughter of Botkin and his wife Olga. Her parents divorced in 1910 under the strain of Dr. Botkin's devotion to the royal family and the long hours he spent at court and her mother's affair with a German tutor. Eugene Botkin retained custody of the children following the divorce. Botkina's older brother Dmitri was killed in action during World War I.
The Botkin children "were not intimate friends" of the imperial children, Botkina later recalled, but they did know them fairly well. They first met the imperial children in 1911 and, thereafter, sometimes played with them when they were on vacation in the Crimea. Botkina also chatted on occasion with the younger grand duchesses during World War I, when Botkina served as a Red Cross nurse at a hospital in the Catherine Palace.
Revolution.
Botkina and her brother accompanied their father into exile with the Romanov family following the Russian Revolution of 1917. When the family was transferred from Tobolsk to Ekaterinburg, the Botkin children were not permitted to accompany their father. When Botkina asked Ural Soviet commander Nikolai Rodionov for permission to join her father at Ekaterinburg, he replied, "Why should such a handsome girl as you are want to rot all her life in prison, or even to be shot?" Botkina insisted that the imperial family would not rot in prison. Rodionov told her they would probably be shot instead. He told her he would allow them to accompany the group as far as the Ekaterinburg station, but they would be arrested and sent back to Tobolsk because he would not grant them an entry permit to live in Ekaterinburg. In the end, the Botkin children decided to remain behind in Tobolsk.
When Botkina heard the conclusion of the Sokolov Report, that the Tsar, his family and their servants had been killed, her sole consolation was the fact that her father had died trying to shield the Tsar.
Exile.
In the fall of 1918, Botkina married Konstantin Melnik, an officer of the Ukrainian Rifles whom she had known at Tsarskoye Selo. They escaped from Russia through Vladivostok and eventually settled in Rives, France, in a town near Grenoble, where they raised their children.
Botkina divorced her husband some years later and settled near Paris, where she lived the rest of her life.
Relationship with Anna Anderson.
Botkina was first persuaded to visit Anna Anderson in 1926, after hearing about her story from her relative, Sergei Botkin. Botkina was persuaded that the woman was truly Grand Duchess Anastasia after hearing her describe an event that Botkina said only she and the youngest grand duchess could have known anything about. Anderson appeared to remember that Botkina's father, Dr. Eugene Botkin, had personally undressed Anastasia and performed a nurse's duties for her when the grand duchess was ill with measles in the spring of 1917. "Only once then, it happened that my father tended the Grand Duchesses alone and performed nurses' duties for them," Botkina recalled in 1929. "This fact has never been published anywhere, and apart from my father I alone knew anything about it."
She was a supporter of Anderson for the next sixty years and, like her brother Gleb, wrote her own memoirs about her friendship with the imperial family and her time in Russia.
Legacy.
Botkina's son, Konstantin Melnik, and a great-granddaughter attended the funeral held on July 17, 1998 at Peter and Paul Cathedral in St Petersburg for the Romanovs, her father, Dr. Eugene Botkin, and for other victims who were assassinated eighty years earlier on July 17, 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="9726622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726622" title="Peru 2000">
Peru 2000

Peru 2000 was a Right-wing, political party in Peru that fielded candidates in the 2000 elections in Peru. Alberto Fujimori and his political allies ran on the Peru 2000 ticket.
The party was loosely structured and was more of a personal electoral vehicle for Fujimori than an actual organized party.

</doc>
<doc id="9726632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726632" title="Fitiuta Airport">
Fitiuta Airport

Fitiuta Airport is a public airport located in Fiti‘uta, a village on the island of Ta‘ū in American Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the United States. Fitiuta Airport replaces Tau Airport previously located in the village of Tau. Tau Airport was officially deactivated after the construction and activation of Fitiuta Airport. The airport is owned by Government of American Samoa.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, Fitiuta Airport is assigned FAQ by the FAA and FTI by the IATA (which assigned FAQ to Frieda River Airport in Papua New Guinea). The airport's ICAO identifier is NSFQ.
Facilities and aircraft.
Fitiuta Airport has one paved runway designated 12/30 which measures 3,200 x 75 ft. (975 x 23 m). For 12-month period ending December 31, 2002, the airport had 2,832 aircraft operations, an average of 7 per day, 100% of which were air taxi flights. Fitiuta airport also has a fully functioning fire-crash station (activated in 2011), lighted runway and operates as a Part 139 airport.
Inter Island Airways is the only air carrier operating flights to Fitiuta Airport from Pago Pago International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9726633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726633" title="Hayley Williams">
Hayley Williams

Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She is the lead vocalist of the American rock band Paramore.
Early life.
Hayley Williams was born to Joey and Christie Williams, in Meridian, Mississippi. She is the oldest of three sisters. In 2002, following the divorce of her parents, Williams moved to Franklin, Tennessee. She met band members Josh and Zac Farro in her new school. While still at school she tried out for a local funk cover band, The Factory, where she met Jeremy Davis.
Music career.
Williams was discovered in 2003 by managers Dave Steunebrink and Richard Williams, who signed the 14-year-old to a two-year production deal. At the time she was writing pop songs with songwriters in Nashville. Williams was introduced to Atlantic Records A&R Tom Storms through Richard Williams' attorneys Jim Zumwalt and Kent Marcus, and then signed to the label by Jason Flom. The label's original plan for their new artist was to make her a solo pop artist but Williams objected to this, saying that she wanted to be part of a band and play pop punk music.
Atlantic decided to go along with her wishes, and she then formed Paramore with Josh Farro, Zac Farro, and Jeremy Davis. The music of Paramore was originally supposed to come out on Atlantic Records, but the label's marketing department decided it would be better for the image of the band to not have them attached to a huge label. They instead released their music through a "cooler" niche label, Fueled by Ramen. The band's debut album, "All We Know Is Falling", was released in 2005 when Hayley was only 16 years old.
In 2007, she appeared in the music video for "Kiss Me" by New Found Glory.
In the 2007 "Kerrang!" Readers' Poll she finished second to Evanescence's Amy Lee in the "Sexiest Female" category, going on to win the first place spot for "Sexiest Female" a year later in the 2008 poll, and again in the 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 poll. She also appears as a playable character in the video game "Guitar Hero World Tour" after completing "Misery Business" in the vocalist campaign.
Williams wrote and recorded the song "Teenagers", which was featured in the soundtrack for the feature film "Jennifer's Body". After the release of "Teenagers", Williams stated that she had no plans to establish herself as a solo artist.
In 2010, she appeared on the tracks "Airplanes" and "Airplanes (Part II)" from alternative rapper B.o.B's debut album, "". When it was released as a single, "Airplanes" peaked within the top ten in nineteen countries, including number one peak positions in the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
Paramore was founded in Franklin, Tennessee in 2004 with Williams (lead vocals/keyboards), alongside Josh Farro (lead guitar/backing vocals), Jeremy Davis (bass guitar) and Zac Farro (drums). Prior to forming Paramore, the other members of what was soon to be Paramore had been "edgy about the whole female thing" of having Williams as singer, but as they were good friends she began writing with them and eventually became a member. The band has released four studio albums, "All We Know Is Falling", "Riot!", "Brand New Eyes", and "Paramore" as well as two live albums and three EPs. In June 2009, the band welcomed Taylor York (rhythm guitar) as an official member, although he had already been playing as a touring member with the band since 2007.
In 2006, Paramore started touring outside of the US for the first time, which included a headline tour of the UK and supporting post-hardcore rockband The Blackout on the Give It A Name Festival in Europe.
In December 2010, two of the founding members of Paramore (Josh and Zac Farro) left the band. The news was posted by Williams on Paramore's web site, with Josh later posting a controversial blog post confirming their departure.
The band finished recording their fourth studio album, the self-titled "Paramore", on November 1, 2012. The band informed fans from their website that the album would be released in April 2013. On January 4, 2013, the band communicated through their website that the first single from the album, "Now", was to be released January 22, 2013. The video for "Now" was released on February 12, 2013. Paramore's second single "Still Into You" was released March 14, 2013 after they performed it the first time live at SXSW and the video was released on April 9, 2013. Williams announced in March 2013 that she was partnering with MAC Cosmetics for the release of a new makeup collection on April 9, 2013.
Williams collaborated with EDM producer Zedd on the track "Stay The Night" as a featured artist. It was released on September 10, 2013 as the fourth single from his debut studio album, "Clarity", and the first single from the deluxe edition.
Personal life.
Williams is a Christian and regularly discusses her faith in relation to her music, but has been critical of the judgmental nature of some in the Christian community . The Farro brothers cited differing attitudes on faith as contributing to their exit from Paramore. 
Since 2008, she has been in a relationship with New Found Glory's lead guitarist Chad Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="9726662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726662" title="Martin Livings">
Martin Livings

Martin Livings (born 1970) is an Australian author of horror, fantasy and science fiction. He has been writing short stories since 1990 and has been nominated for both the Ditmar Award and Aurealis Award. Livings resides in Perth, Western Australia.
Livings' short fiction has appeared in the award-winning anthology "Daikaiju!" (Agog! Press), as well as in "Borderlands", "Agog! Terrific Tales" (Agog! Press) and "Eidolon", among many others. His work has been listed in the "Year's Best Horror and Fantasy" Recommended Reading, and reprinted in "Year's Best Australian SF and Fantasy Volume 2" (MirrorDanse Books, 2006) and "Australian Dark Fantasy and Horror, 2006 Edition" (Brimstone Press, 2006).
His first novel, "Carnies", was published by Lothian Books in Australia in June 2006. "Carnies" was nominated for an Aurealis Award and won the 2007 Tin Duck Award for Best Novel by a Western Australian.

</doc>
<doc id="9726670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726670" title="Ofu Airport">
Ofu Airport

Ofu Airport is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southeast of the village of Ofu on the island of Ofu in American Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the United States. This airport is publicly owned by Government of American Samoa.
Facilities and aircraft.
Ofu Airport covers an area of and has one paved runway (8/26) measuring 2,000 x 60 ft (610 x 18 m).
For 12-month period ending December 30, 2004, the airport had 1,944 aircraft operations, an average of 5 per day, 100% of which were air taxi flights.

</doc>
<doc id="9726688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726688" title="Wali Khan (khoja)">
Wali Khan (khoja)

Wali Khan (sometimes spelled Vālī-khan) was a member of the Ak Taghliq clan of East Turkestan Khojas, who invaded Kashgaria from
Kokand on several occasions in the 1850s, and succeeded in ruling Kashgar for a short while.
Although Ak Taghliks had been expelled from Kashgaria by the Qing in the 1760s, they had not abandoned their hopes of reconquering the region, and regularly invaded it from their base in Khanate of Kokand. Wali Khan followed in the footsteps of his father, Jahangir Khoja, his uncle Yusuf, and cousin Katti Torah, who had all invaded Kashgaria with various success through the first half of the 19th century.
He invaded Kashgaria in 1852 (with Divan Quli), 1855 (with Husayn Ishan Khoja), and most famously in 1857. 
In the West Wali Khan is mostly known for his execution of the German explorer Adolf Schlagintweit in 1857, but his cruelty found many other reflections in the local legends. It is said that he killed so many innocent Muslims that four or six minarets were built from the skulls of the victims ( "kala minara" ); or that once, when an artisan made a sabre for him, he instantly tested the weapon with the words, "Well, I'll try it now," by cutting off the artisan's son head, who had come with his father and was standing nearby. Then, with the words, "Yes, it's a really good sabre," he presented artisan with a gift. This treatment did not make Kashgarians miss the khoja too much when he was defeated by the Chinese troops after ruling the city for four months.
In 1865, after Kokand Khanate had been successfully invaded by the Russian and its ruler Alimqul killed, Wali Khan joined a large group of Kokandian officials who decided to try their luck in Kashgaria. They appeared in Kashgar in September 1865, but had to submit to the fellow Kokandian Yaqub Beg, who had already firmly established himself as the ruler of the city. Wali Khan's followers attempts to bring him to power again very easily foiled by Yaqub Beg, who had Wali Khan arrested and sent to Yangihissar under armed guard, where he was later poisoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9726704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726704" title="Television floor manager">
Television floor manager

A floor manager is a member of the crew of a television show.
The floor manager is responsible for giving information from the director in the control room, to the crew on the studio floor, and then back to the director. 
Skills/Qualities.
Floor managers traditionally have other experience working in television, and work up to the position of floor manager. They should know the other technical positions in a studio, in order to have the maturity and experience to do their job effectively. Media, film, television, or even theater studies are helpful but not required. Floor managers must be able to work under pressure with composure, anticipate potential problems and know how to address them, communicate effectively and quickly, be able to work with different personalities, and know how to multitask. Floor managers with a good sense of timing and space have an advantage, while those without it may need to look at other job options. 
The Job.
Floor managers work for news productions must have flexible working hours. They may need to work on weekends, extended hours, or even travel to different locations depending on the show’s needs. They can typically dress in casual but appropriate attire, depending on the setting. 

</doc>
<doc id="9726706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726706" title="Tau Airport">
Tau Airport

Tau Airport is a privately owned, private-use airport located one mile (2 km) southeast of the village of Ta‘ū on the island of Ta‘ū in American Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the United States. The village and airport are located in the northwest corner of Ta‘ū island.
Tau Airport is no longer active or in use since the development of Fitiuta Airport, located northeast of Tau Island. See Fitiuta Airport located in the village of Fiti‘uta on the northeast portion of the island for all private and commercial flights in and out of Tau Island.
Facilities and aircraft.
Tau Airport previously covered an area of which contains one runway (18/36) measuring 2,170 x 100 ft (661 x 30 m). The runway surface is compacted coral in the center , with the rest of runway composed of dirt and grass.
According to the most recent FAA data, for 12-month period ending March 8, 1989, the airport had 4,380 aircraft operations, an average of 12 per day: 67% general aviation and 33% air taxi.

</doc>
<doc id="9726712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726712" title="Kafka Americana">
Kafka Americana

Kafka Americana is a 1999 collection of short stories by Jonathan Lethem and Carter Scholz based on the life (and alternate histories) and works of Franz Kafka. Originally published in a limited edition by Subterranean Press, it was released as a trade paperback by W. W. Norton & Company in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9726717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726717" title="Bernie (given name)">
Bernie (given name)

Bernie is a given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9726725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726725" title="Dark Prince">
Dark Prince

Dark Prince is a paranormal/suspense novel written by American author Christine Feehan. Published in 1999, it is the first book in her Dark Series, which to date has 20 titles.
Plot summary.
"Dark Prince" introduces the Carpathians, a powerful and ancient race. They have many gifts, including the ability to shape-shift, and extended life spans, living well over many years. Though they feed on human blood, they don't kill their human prey, and for the most part live among them without detection. Despite their gifts, the Carpathians are on the edge of extinction. There have been few children born to them in the past few centuries, those that have been born are all male and often die in the first year. It has been more than 500 years since a female has been born. Without females, many of the males are turning, becoming vampires, the monsters of human legend. After 200 years, a male Carpathian loses the ability to feel emotions and see in color. These will only return to him when he finds his lifemate, the other half of his soul. 
Mikhail Dubrinsky, Prince of the Carpathians, has worked tirelessly for centuries to discover why so many of their children die in the first years. However, his efforts have come to no avail. It is at this time, when he is on the brink of despair and self-destruction that he meets a beautiful human psychic, Raven Whitney. Raven is a strong telepath, and has worked with the police to capture four serial killers. But her gift has come with a price: a life of isolation, and pain whenever she uses her gift. When he meets her, he is shocked and amazed when he suddenly is able to see colors in her presence; he realizes that she is his lifemate. Despite his joy, there is doubt in his mind. No human woman has ever been a lifemate to a Carpathian. All human females who were converted had become deranged creatures, feeding on children and had to be destroyed. 
But he knows she is the only woman for him, the other half of his soul. He is determined to live as a human with her and to die when she does. However, this is not to be. Raven is attacked by fanatics, and he is forced to convert her to save her life. Her survival brings new hope to him and his people, for if one psychic human female can be a lifemate, surely there are others.

</doc>
<doc id="9726761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726761" title="List of botanical gardens in India">
List of botanical gardens in India

A botanical garden is a place where plants, especially ferns, conifers and flowering plants, are grown and displayed for the purposes of research and education. This distinguishes them from parks and pleasure gardens where plants, usually with beautiful flowers, are grown for public amenity Botanical gardens that specialize in trees are sometimes referred to as arboretums. They are occasionally associated with zoos.
References.
www.chandigarhenvis.gov.in
www.chandigarh.gov.in

</doc>
<doc id="9726806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726806" title="SAP Business Connector">
SAP Business Connector

SAP Business Connector (also known as "SAP BC") is a re-branded version/restricted licence version of webMethods Integration Server provided by SAP as a middleware solution for their R/3 product. It was developed jointly by webMethods and SAP in a partnership which lasted from March 1999 to March 2002. webMethods contributed the Integration Server platform (including components like HTTP server & client, FTP server & client, SMTP/IMAP/POP3 client, XML processing tools, data mapping engine, job scheduler), while SAP contributed the components for RFC/tRFC, BAPI and IDoc communication and processing. These SAP components were bundled into an add-on package (called "SAP Adapter") that can be installed on top of the core Integration Server.
History.
So technically the SAP Business Connector is a webMethods Integration Server bundled with a pre-installed "SAP Adapter". SAP customers were able to license additional adapters from webMethods (like "Baan Adapter", "JDEdwards Adapter", "Oracle Adapter", "PeopleSoft Adapter", "Siebel Adapter", etc.). These adapters would run on a wM Integration Server and an SAP BC alike, as during that time (meaning from release 2.1 to 4.6) the core platform of both products was identical.
Then in March 2002 the partnership was discontinued and both companies started developing a successor version independently: SAP (who had acquired the full core Integration Server source code) started developing SAP BC 4.7, while webMethods began work on wM IS 6.0. Of course the component that changed most in SAP BC 4.7 was the "SAP Adapter", which got enhanced IDoc processing capabilities and performance improvements in the RFC communication layer. However, SAP also enhanced selected components of the core Integration Server, e.g. the job scheduler, the "Reverse Invoke" feature and the WmPartners package, which was completely redesigned. SAP tried to do these core enhancements in a backward compatible way, the only exception being the WmPartners package whose architecture had to be changed radically, because the original version had proved to be a serious performance bottleneck. Consequently most webMethods adapters developed for wM IS 4.6 or wM IS 6.0 should still run on an SAP BC 4.7, with the exception of those adapters that have a tight coupling with the WmPartners package.
SAP BC 4.7 was released in June 2003. By that time SAP had already started development of its own integration/middleware product ("Message Broker", later renamed to "Exchange Infrastructure" (SAP XI), nowadays called "Process Integration" (SAP PI)), so the SAP Business Connector product line was frozen at version 4.7 between 2003 and 2007. Then, in summer 2007, it became more and more apparent, that the maintainability of SAP BC 4.7 was endangered, because most operating systems and Java VM versions, on which the BC depended, had gone out of maintenance. Therefore development for another release (SAP BC 4.8) was started. This version was released in July 2008 and can be seen as a maintenance update to support newer JVM's and operating systems. See SAP note 1094412. However, as was the case with SAP BC 4.7, SAP again added a number of enhancements and performance improvements to some "wM core components" as well as to the "SAP components", most notably to the worker thread pool, the database adapter, the debugging, monitoring and tracing capabilities, the RFC and IDoc processing and the "Developer" tool.
In response to the split webMethods has created the webMethods for SAP as an updated (version 6.0.1 onward) product for SAP customers wishing to continue using webMethods technology for middleware/B2B integration.
Use cases and functionality.
The role of the SAP Business Connector is to provide XML/web services type integration between SAP instances or from SAP to 3rd party systems/B2B (as the R/3 platform had no similar capabilities). Typical usecases include:
legacy systems)

</doc>
<doc id="9726811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726811" title="John Stewart, 3rd Earl of Lennox">
John Stewart, 3rd Earl of Lennox

John Stewart, 3rd Earl of Lennox (c. 1490-4 September 1526, Linlithgow, West Lothian) was a prominent Scottish magnate. He was the son of Matthew Stewart, 2nd Earl of Lennox, and Elizabeth Hamilton, daughter of James Hamilton, 1st Lord Hamilton and Mary Stewart, Princess of Scotland, daughter of King James II of Scotland.
The Earl of Lennox led an army to Linlithgow with the intention of liberating the young King James V from the pro-English Douglases. He was defeated by a smaller force led by the Earl of Arran at the Battle of Linlithgow Bridge. He survived the battle and was taken captive only to be subsequently murdered by James Hamilton of Finnart. Lennox was succeeded by his son Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox, the father of Henry Stewart, Lord Darnley and grandfather of James VI of Scotland.
Family and issue.
On 19 January 1511 he married Elizabeth Stewart, daughter of John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl, and Eleanor Sinclair, daughter of William Sinclair, 3rd Earl of Orkney. They had issue:
Sources.
G. E. Cokayne et al., eds. "The Complete Peerage of England, Scotland, Ireland, Great Britain, and the United Kingdom, Extant, Extinct, or Dormant". Reprint ed. (Gloucester, UK: Alan Sutton Publishing, 2000).
Richard D Oram in his article on John Stewart 3rd Earl of Lennox in the new Ox. DNB writes that he married Elizabeth Stewart, daughter of John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl on 19 January 1511.

</doc>
<doc id="9726818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726818" title="Standard Coltrane">
Standard Coltrane

Standard Coltrane is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1962 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7243. It is assembled from unissued results of a single recording session at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval.

</doc>
<doc id="9726843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726843" title="Throw Your Hands (In the Air)">
Throw Your Hands (In the Air)

"Throw Your Hands (In the Air)" is the third single from Mobb Deep's "Amerikaz Nightmare" album, and is produced by Kanye West.
Tracklisting.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9726847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726847" title="James Hall III">
James Hall III

James W. Hall, III is a former United States Army warrant officer and signals intelligence analyst in Germany who sold eavesdropping and code secrets to East Germany and the Soviet Union from 1983 to 1988. Hall was convicted of espionage on July 20, 1989; he was fined $50,000 and given a dishonorable discharge and was serving a 40-year sentence for those activities at the United States Disciplinary Barracks, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, from where he was released in September 2011.
Activities.
Hall was assigned to the NSA Field Station Berlin Teufelsberg, one of the premier listening posts of the cold war, between 1982 and 1985 and he spied for both East Germany and the Soviet Union. Between 1983 and 1988, Hall betrayed hundreds of military secrets, which includes Project Trojan, a worldwide electronic network with the ability to pinpoint armored vehicles, missiles and aircraft by recording their signal emissions during wartime and the complete National SIGINT Requirements List (NSRL), a 4258 page document about NSA activities, government requirements and SIGINT capabilities by country.
Hall sometimes spent up to two hours of his workday reproducing classified documents to provide to the Soviets and East Germans. Concerned that he was not putting in his regular duty time, he consistently worked late to complete his regular assignments. He used shopping bags to smuggle out originals of the documents, which he then photocopied in a Frankfurt flat with the help of an East Berlin associate.
Using his illegal income, Hall paid cash for a brand new Volvo and a new truck. He also made a large down payment on a home and took flying lessons. He is said to have given his military colleagues at least six conflicting stories to explain his lavish life style. In 1986, Hall was stationed at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, and was returning to Germany. Passed over for promotion to Sergeant First Class that year, Hall was also applying for an appointment as a warrant officer. As a part of the routine background investigation associated with the warrant appointment, one of his supervisors, a Major (Hall was, at the time, a staff sergeant), commented to the investigator that he found it strange that Hall could drive a car, the Volvo, that the Major couldn't afford. The Major went on to explain that he had, himself, asked Hall about this apparent disparity. Hall responded that he had a wealthy aunt who died and left him a large trust from which he received $30,000 annually. The Major found the story plausible but reiterated it to the investigators during their visit with him. The investigators thanked the Major for the information and told him they already knew about the "trust." Hall's co-workers were fully taken in by his duplicity and his unusual activities never drew much attention. 
After returning from Germany to the US, he traveled to Vienna, Austria, to meet with his Soviet handler. His co-workers wondered why he would re-enlist, and become a warrant officer, after several times conveying to them his dissatisfaction with army life. Of course, the Warrant Officer rank allowed him greater access to classified material. 
During his 1977–1981 tour at Detachment Schneeberg, an intelligence gathering outpost for the VII Corps' 326th ASA (Army Security Agency) Company on what was the West German-Czechoslovakian border during the Cold War, Hall had a generally good working relationship with his peers, but was considered by peers to be only an average analyst. He would sometimes erupt and become upset over trivial day-to-day problems. However, for the most part he was considered to be a sociable colleague, and he also quickly picked up a working knowledge of the German language. James also met his future wife, who worked at a local restaurant in Bischofsgruen, a popular tourist town where the majority of the Detachment soldiers lived.
Hall was eventually arrested on December 21, 1988, in Savannah, Georgia, after bragging to an undercover FBI agent that over a period of six years he had sold Top Secret intelligence data to East Germany and the Soviet Union. At the time, Hall believed that he was speaking to a Soviet contact. During this conversation he claimed that he had been motivated only by money. He told the FBI agent posing as a Soviet intelligence officer, "I wasn't terribly short of money. I just decided I didn't ever want to worry where my next dollar was coming from. I'm not anti-American. I wave the flag as much as anybody else."
The case against Hall apparently began based on a tip from Manfred Severin (code-named Canna Clay), a Stasi instructor who acted as a translator and courier for James Hall. Rejected by the German Staatschutz and the CIA, Army Foreign Counterintelligence (FCA) eventually sponsored him because he had a big tip about James Hall. After James Hall was apprehended, Severin was exfiltrated to the West with his family.
After his arrest, Hall said there were many indicators visible to those around him that he was involved in questionable activity. Hall's activities inflicted grave damage on U.S. signals intelligence and he is considered the "perpetrator of one of the most costly and damaging breaches of security of the long Cold War" 
Hall confessed to giving his handlers information on the US Military Liaison Mission (USMLM)'s tank photography on New Year's Eve in 1984. On March 24, 1985, while on a legal inspection tour of Soviet military facilities in Ludwigslust, German Democratic Republic, US Army Major Arthur D. Nicholson, Jr., an unarmed member of the USMLM, was shot to death by a Soviet sentry. 
In a jailhouse interview, the first ever, with author Kristie Macrakis, he designated himself "a treasonous bastard, not a Cold War spy."
The FBI also arrested Hüseyin Yıldırım, a Turk who served as a conduit between Hall and East German intelligence officers. Hall received over $100,000 in payments.
After the reunification of Germany, on July 24, 1992, almost all of the documents Hall had copied and handed over to the Stasi (13,088 pages in total) were given back to the NSA by the Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Records, then led by the current President of Germany Joachim Gauck. This was ordered by the Federal Ministry of the Interior after US government pressure without consulting or informing the German Parliamentary Intelligence Oversight Committee (:de:Parlamentarisches Kontrollgremium), which was a prerequisite for giving files away required by law (:de:Stasi-Unterlagen-Gesetz). Only a few hundred pages were retained and kept Top Secret. Gauck as well as the then director of the agency Hansjörg Geiger both later claimed to not remember having ordered the return of the documents.
See also.
Other agents in place in the US government or military who worked as a mole for either the KGB or the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) include:

</doc>
<doc id="9726852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726852" title="Srungavarapukota">
Srungavarapukota

Srunga-varapu-kota or S. Kota is town and Mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India. 
Srungavarapukota railway station is located on Kothavalasa-Kirandul line under East Coast Railway, Indian Railways.
Geography.
Srungavarapukota is located at . It is at an average altitude of 70 meters (232 feet).
Demography.
S. Kota Mandal had a population of 74,413 in 2001. Males constitutes 36,586 and females 37,827 of the population. This phenomenon of females outnumbering males is an unusual phenomenon. The average literacy rate is 59%. Male literacy rate is 70% and that of females 48%.
There are 40 revenue villages and 26 gram panchayats in Srungavarapukota Mandal.
Assembly constituency.
[http://skota.com]
Srungavarapukota Assembly Constituency is reserved for General. There are 1,42,285 registered voters in this constituency.
List of Members of Legislative Assembly:
Panchayats.
According to District statistics, there are 40 villages and 26 panchayats in Srungavarapukota mandal.
Movie Theatres:
Srinivasa Theatre DTS;
Venkateswara Theatre DTS

</doc>
<doc id="9726853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726853" title="Vanoush Khanamerian">
Vanoush Khanamerian

Vanoush Gerasimich Khanamerian (November 5, 1927 – October 5, 2011) was an Armenian ballet, traditional and folkloric dance choreographer. He first started as a ballet dancer, his first major performance was in the wedding scene of a famous Armenian ballet production "Anoush." As the years went on, he grew to love the art of dancing and began to play major solo parts in different ballet productions. Khanamerian became very famous, playing numerous ballet solos throughout the Asian continent and abroad. He was later appointed to be the Artistic Leader of the State Dance Ensemble of Armenia; which became one of the greatest challenges in his life. For over twenty years Khanamerian lead the Dance Ensemble of Armenia to be one of the best in the former Soviet Republic. Khanamerian managed to create and direct hundreds of different dances while he was the Artistic Leader, many of which are still being danced and will continue to be danced by dance groups around the world. Khanamerian became a true legend in the art of dancing through his cultural and folk dances.
He joined the Alexander Spendiarian Academic Theater of Opera and Ballet in 1941. In 1947, Khanamerian got his first major part as "Nerso" in Aram Khachaturyan's "Gayane" Ballet, and soon after that became one of the soloists in the Yerevan Ballet and Opera House. Aram Khachaturyan was present at one of the concert; he expressed his feelings by saying "The way Khanamerian danced made me realize how cultural and Armenian my music really is." Khanamerian quickly became known in the Ballet Academy when he played the role of "Sasuntsi Davit," which he performed so well that a very famous Armenian sculptor at the time, Yervand Cochar, asked him to be the model for the statue of "of Sasun," one of many famous statues in Yerevan, Armenia today. Khanamerian played in as many as twenty famous ballet productions like "Vanoush Arshak," "Sevan," "Khantoot" and "Marmar" just to name a few, but he became famous for his role in "." Khanamerian also directed three ballet productions, two of which won national awards in Moscow.
In 1968 Khanamerian was invited to Armenia's National Cultural Administration and was offered the title of a National Artistic Director of the Armenian Dance Ensemble. He deserved to be called a national cultural art director, but he did not take the job for the title, he had a dream to fulfill and this was the opportunity he'd been waiting for. Khanamerian directed legendary dances that symbolized thousands of years of Armenian heritage and culture, showing the real folk-lore as people's art. The capabilities of Vanoush Khanamerian as a choreographer and artistic leader were discovered with great force just in the staging of his dances, leaving such a strong impression on the audience, in spite of their seeming simplicity. Under his leadership, the Dance Ensemble of Armenia became one of the greatest groups in Armenia to represent the Armenian cultural dances. The ensemble traveled to almost every continent around the world (11 states in America), sometimes doing sixty concerts in sixty days. For more than twenty years Khanamerian lead the best of the best around the world, he retired in the early nineties.
Now, he lives peacefully with his wife in Yerevan, but of course is still active in the art of dancing. In 2001, Khanamerian was appointed to be in charge of the Union of Art of Dance Workers of Armenia, where he works to preserve the purity of the national dances. The history of the Armenian people has sadly scattered them around the world, and where there are Armenian people, there will be Armenian art. Khanamerian being the art legend himself, travels annually around the world visiting and educating the schools that he helped create, some of which carry his name. Vanoush Khanamerian Dance School strives to remember his legacy and pass down his dances to future generations. In addition, Khanamerian is regularly invited to different dance schools in Armenia to tutor instructors and students alike. It remains clear that Khanamerian will remain active in the art of dancing, just like he has in the past with no consideration of stopping.
No single man alive today has contributed to the art of cultural Armenian dance as much as and to the extent of Vanoush Khanamerian. The soul of the Armenian people expresses itself strikingly in the cultural dances. Armenian cultural dances originating from ancient heathen fundamental principles, is a demonstration of sorrow and triumph, of national festivals and the medieval mode of life, of religious rights and the storm of battles, and of competitions in strength and courage. Khanamerian understood this from early on, and manipulated them into his dances. Every dance tells a story and every step of each dance has a meaning of its own. Armenian cultural dances are not only a representation of Armenian history but they are also a rich spiritual treasury. Just like the great Komitas and Sayat Nova purified and defined our music, Khanamerian purified and defined our dances.

</doc>
<doc id="9726856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726856" title="Napeequa River">
Napeequa River

The Napeequa River is a long river in the U.S. state of Washington on the east side of the Cascade Range. It rises in northwest Chelan County and flows southwest into the White River near Twin Lakes. The White River flows into Lake Wenatchee. The Napeequa River and its valley are notable for their beauty and isolation, as well as their interesting geological history. It flows through an isolated southeast-trending valley characterized by a broad meadows surrounded by rugged mountains. The Chiwawa Mountains, or Chiwawa Ridge mark the east side of the valley, separating the Napeequa and Chiwawa Rivers. To the west the White Mountains separate the Napeequa from the White River. Both are sub-ranges of the Cascade Range.
The river is part of the Columbia River basin, being a tributary of the Chiwawa River, which joins the Wenatchee River, a tributary of the Columbia River.
A large number of place names in the Napeequa River basin, including the river's name itself, were given by Albert H. Sylvester.
Course.
The Napeequa River flows from Butterfly Glacier in the Glacier Peak Wilderness. It flows west briefly then enters its main southeast-trending valley. Near the head of the valley the Napeequa is joined by a south-flowing tributary originating near High Pass. Flowing southeast through its valley the Napeequa is joined by Louis Creek from the north, then an unnamed stream flowing east from Pliz Glacier and Richardson Glacier. Numerous small streams tumble down the Napeequa valley's high slopes. The valley widens and flattens considerably and the river meanders lazily. Hiking trails enter the valley via Boulder Pass and Little Giant Pass (both over high–the valley floor is about high in this vicinity), crossing the White Mountains and Chiwawa Ridge respectively. Many backpackers bushwhack from or to High Pass/Triad Lake just north of the headwaters of the Napeequa. There are no trails into the valley that do not cross a high pass. Downstream the valley narrows for some distance, then widens again. Many tributaries flow down the steep slopes on both sides of the glacial valley. In its last mile the Napeequa turns west to join the White River. It is joined by Lake Creek from the south, which drains Twin Lakes.
The Napeequa Valley continues southeast from Twin Lakes but it occupied by Big Meadow Creek, a tributary of the Chiwawa River. Big Meadow Creek was probably once a tributary of the Napeequa but was captured by the Chiwawa. The Napeequa Valley has been compared to the fabled Shangri-la. The valley is part of the Glacier Peak Wilderness.
Geologic history.
Fred Beckey calls the Napeequa River valley the "most interesting valley" of the region. It is a classical glacier-carved U-shaped trough, flat bottomed and nearly straight. Its present form was created by a Pleistocene era glacier. The lower valley is so broad and flat the Napeequa River meanders slowly through it. Near Twin Lakes the Napeequa makes an abrupt westward turn, leaving its valley through a steep gorge cut through the gneiss rock of the high ridge between the Napeequa and White River valleys. Big Meadow Creek occupies the southern part of the same glacial-carved valley, flowing southeast to the Chiwawa River. It is probable that the Napeequa River used to flow through the entire valley including the southern end now occupied by Big Meadow Creek. It is also likely that as the ice retreated a large lake formed in the valley.
History.
The river was once called the North Fork of the White River. Forest Service supervisor A.H. Sylvester changed the name to Napeequa, a Salishan word meaning "white water", because the river's water is nearly white in the spring and summer due to heavy glacial silt. According to William Bright the name comes "perhaps a Sinkiuse-Columbia word meaning "white water place"."

</doc>
<doc id="9726857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726857" title="SS Booker T. Washington">
SS Booker T. Washington

SS "Booker T. Washington" was an American Liberty ship laid down on 19 August 1942 and launched on 29 September. Of the 2,700 Liberty ships built, this was the first of 17 that were named after African-Americans.
It is also notable that its first captain was Hugh Mulzac, who was the first African-American to command a ship in the United States Merchant Marine. In 1942, the ship has an integrated crew of 18 nationalities. Between 1942 and 1947, it had made 22 round trip voyages ferrying troops and supplies to Europe and the Pacific theatre.
The ship was sold to a private owner in 1947 and scrapped in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9726868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726868" title="Wali Khan">
Wali Khan

Wali Khan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9726872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726872" title="Sanson">
Sanson

Sanson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9726876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726876" title="Upper Eastside">
Upper Eastside

The Upper East Side (alternatively spelled Eastside and commonly referred to as Northeast Miami) is a neighborhood in Miami, Florida, United States. It is north of Edgewater, east of Little Haiti, south of the village of Miami Shores, and sits on Biscayne Bay. In geographical order from south to north and east to west, it contains the subdivisions of Magnolia Park, Bay Point, Morningside, Bayside, Belle Meade, Shorecrest, and Palm Grove. The MiMo District in the area is host to many art galleries, shops and restaurants.
The Upper East Side is primarily a residential neighborhood, composed largely of historic single-family homes from the 1920s, with Biscayne Boulevard running along the center of the neighborhood with mid-rise and high-rise office towers, hotels, and apartments. The MiMo Historic District runs along Biscayne Boulevard, and includes a large number of MiMo hotels from the 1950s and 1960s, that have been preserved, and have recently begun to be renovated, and turned into stores, restaurants and boutique hotels.
Geography.
Magnolia Park lies east of Biscayne Boulevard between NE 37th Street (next to the Julia Tuttle Causeway) and NE 39th Street. Bay Point is east of the Boulevard, north of NE 39th Street and south of NE 50th Terrace. Morningside lies east of the Boulevard from NE 50th Terrace to NE 60th Street. Bayside is east of the Boulevard from NE 61st Street to NE 72nd Street. Belle Meade is east of the Boulevard from NE 72nd Terrace to NE 77th Terrace. Shorecrest is east of the Boulevard from NE 78th Street to NE 87th Street. Palm Grove is west of Biscayne Boulevard between NE 54th Street and NE 77th Street Road (i.e.: south of the Little River).
The area between NE 37th Street and NE 54th Street from Biscayne Boulevard westward one block to Federal Highway is not officially part of any of these neighborhoods but is nevertheless part of the UES. Similarly, the area from the Little River north to the city limits and between Biscayne Boulevard on the east and the Little River and the Village of El Portal on the west is not part of any of the aforementioned neighborhoods but is part of the UES.
Neighborhoods.
Belle Meade.
Belle Meade is a sub-neighborhood which lies within the larger enclave of the Upper East Side. It is a private, gated community and the southern part contains a smaller subdivision known as the Bayside District. The northern part contains Belle Meade Island. It is bounded by the Little River to the north, northeast 66th Street to the south, Biscayne Boulevard to the west, and Biscayne Bay to the east.
Demographics of Belle Meade.
As of 2000, the population of Belle Meade had 2,149 people. The zip code for Belle Meade is 33138. The area covers . As of 2000, there were 1,248 males and 900 females. The median age for males were 35.2 years old, while the median age for females were 35.5 years old. The average household size had 2.0 people, while the average family size had 2.8 members. The percentage of married-couple families (among all households) was 26.8%, while the percentage of married-couple families with children (among all households) was 9.0%, and the percentage of single-mother households (among all households) was 3.6%. The percentage of never-married males 15 years old and over was 31.6%, while the percentage of never-married females 15 years old and over was 13.1%.
As of 2000, the percentage of people that speak English not well or not at all made up 6.5% of the population. The percentage of residents born in Florida was 20.4%, the percentage of people born in another U.S. state was 46.8%, and the percentage of native residents but born outside the U.S. was 4.1%, while the percentage of foreign born residents was 28.7%.
Morningside.
Morningside is a residential historic sub-neighborhood within the Upper Eastside in an older part of the City of Miami, Florida, United States. It lies mostly to the east of Biscayne Boulevard from NE 50th Terrace to NE 62nd Street. Morningside is just north of and adjacent to Bay Point Estates, another more affluent but less historic residential enclave in urban Miami.
When Pope John Paul II visited the United States, he stayed at what was then the home of Archbishop Edward McCarthy on NE 53rd Street.
History of Morningside.
Started in the 1920s as "Bay Shore," it prospered in the mid-20th century and fell on hard times along with most of Miami's other inner city neighborhoods in the 60's and 70's. More recently Morningside was the first historic area in central Miami to experience gentrification with an influx of more-affluent residents. It has now been fully restored. The Morningside Historic District (officially the Bayshore Historic District) runs from NE 55th Street to NE 60th Street; it was the first historic district to be designated as such in the City of Miami.
The Morningside Historic District is significant to the history of architecture, landscape architecture, and community development in Miami. Developed primarily between 1922 and 1941, Morningside contains a wealth of Mediterranean, Art Deco, and vernacular style houses that reflect the diversity and direction of architectural design during the 1920s and 1930s. Morningside is one of Miami's best planned subdivisions, featuring wide, tree-lined boulevards that contribute to the character of the area. This neighborhood was envisioned as an exclusive, residential community, and its amenities and location on Biscayne Bay attracted many influential and prominent local residents. One of Miami's most intact historic neighborhoods, Morningside is the City's best remaining example of a boom-era suburb.
The Morningside Historic District stands today as one of Miami's most intact historic neighborhoods. Despite the number of post-1941 buildings in the area, Morningside retains a high degree of historic and architectural integrity. This is due, in part, to the fact that most later buildings are not intrusive, but respect the earlier structures in scale, setback, materials, and workmanship. The majority of neighborhood residents recognize the special character of the area and desire its continued preservation.
As Miami's population expanded during the late 1920s and early 1920s, new subdivisions reached northward along Biscayne Bay. In 1922, a large, undeveloped bayfront tract near the northern city limits was platted. Called Bay Shore, this area was subdivided by the Bay Shore Investment Company and was the first of three phases that would be developed by the company between 1922 and 1924.
Architecture of Morningside.
Houses constructed in the Morningside Historic District reflect the eclecticism popular in the early twentieth century. The earlier buildings in the district are predominantly Mediterranean Revival in style, while structures built in the 1930s and early 1940s are frequently Art Deco. Outstanding examples of both styles are found here.
Morningside also features a large number of masonry vernacular buildings that frequently utilize elements of several styles. An unusual Tudor Revival style house and one of the City's best examples of Mission style architecture add to the area's architectural diversity.
Bay Shore Historic District.
The Bay Shore Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such in 1992) located in Miami's Upper East Side neighborhood in the Morningside neighborhood along the Biscayne Bay with NE 60th Street to the north, Biscayne Boulevard to the west and NE 55th St to the south. The district includes 223 buildings, almost entirely of single-family homes dating from 1900–1924 and 1925-1949.
Bay Point Estates.
Bay Point Estates is a sub-neighborhood within the Upper East Side neighborhood, in the City of Miami, Florida, United States. It is a gated community stretching from NE 41st Street to NE 50th Street alongside Biscayne Boulevard. The neighborhood streets are privately owned by the households and access to the roads and waterways are restricted to the residents (and their guests), of which there are approximately 250. To maintain the streets and the neighborhood's 24-hour security, all residents must pay neighborhood dues that can total approximately $2,200 per year.
Prices for homes in the Miami enclave range from approximately $1,100,000 for a home that needs to renovated on a dry lot, to just south of $27,000,000 for a larger home with widebay views. One reason for the neighborhood's desirability is its location and high security. Centralized in the City of Miami, it is essentially a suburban contiguity located in the heart of the Miami area's urban core. It is less than ten minutes from downtown Miami and South Beach, and within twenty minutes away from most other major centers in Miami, such as Coral Gables, Hialeah, and Aventura, Florida. Much of the neighborhood's high real estate values are thanks not to the homes, but the property the house sits on. It is adjacent to Morningside, another affluent, historic residential neighborhood in Miami's urban core.
The resident's homes are lined along Sabal Palm Road, one of the most expensive streets to live on in the United States. The style of the homes varies. Most of the homes were built between 1940 and 1960 and many homes are currently undergoing major renovations as, and exhibit architectural styles ranging from contemporary Floridian to ranch. Many of the neighborhood's wealthy residents are among the most prominent lawyers, doctors, and businessmen in Miami. Its most famous current and former residents include Enrique Iglesias, Dwyane Wade, Stephen Zack, Liván Hernández, Willy Chirino, and DMX.
Bayside Historic District.
The Bayside Historic District is a sub-neighborhood of the Upper East Side. The area is generally bounded by NE 72nd Street and N.E. 72nd Terrace on the north; Biscayne Bay on the east; NE 67th Street on the south; and Biscayne Boulevard to the west.
History of Bayside.
The Bayside Historic District reflects the formative years of the early 1900s through the mid-1940s. Once a part of the pioneer settlement of Lemon City, Bayside contains the oldest intact community in Northeast Miami, as well as one of this area's last remaining bayfront estates. From its onset, Bayside was the home of many prominent residents who played significant roles in the business life of both Lemon City and Miami.
Bayside has four distinct subdivisions which were platted between 1909 and 1925, although the area itself was first settled in the late nineteenth century. These subdivisions include Elmira (N.E. 68th Street), which was platted in 1909; Acadia (N.E. 70th Street), which was platted in 1915; Baywood (N.E. 69th Street and the south side of N.E. 71st Street), which was platted in 1921 and added to in 1924; and Washington Place (N.E. 72nd Street and the north side of N.E. 71st Street), which was platted in 1925.
In 1909, William B. and Fred C. Miller (not related) subdivided a seven-acre bayfront lot on today's N.E. 68th Street. The Millers had come to Florida in the late 1880s from Elmira, New York and had developed Elmira Farms near Arch Creek. Their new subdivision was named Elmira, and oolitic limestone gates announced the entrance to the new community.
While much of what was Lemon City has been engulfed by later developments, Elmira has remained virtually intact. Although many of its houses have deteriorated, and newer buildings have been added, the street retains much of its early character. Elmira is characterized by its excellent collection of Frame Vernacular buildings, many of which were inspired by Northern architectural styles. The Elmira Club at 742 N.E. 68th Street, for example, has Dutch Colonial Revival influences, while other houses display classical details. The majority of houses were constructed in the 1910s.
The Acadia subdivision was platted in 1915 by the Realty Securities Corporation and George E. Merrick. Although the subdivision evokes the memory of Longfellow with such names as Acadian Way, Evangeline Circle, Tropical Trail, and Druid Walk, the houses developed here are distinctly Mediterranean Revival in influence. This is due perhaps to the fact that only two houses were constructed prior to 1925. Development took off during the Boom years of the mid-1920s, however, when Wykoff and Estes Builders constructed an outstanding cluster of large, two-story Mediterranean Revival style houses near the eastern end of NE 70th Street.
The last subdivision to be subdivided was Washington Place, which was also developed between 1925 and the mid-1940s. Samuel J. Prescott, who platted the subdivision in 1925, had constructed his own winter home at 7101 N.E. 10th Avenue some years before. The house remains today as one of the last intact bayfront estates in Northeast Miami. The estate once featured a recreational golf course for residents and guests. Prescott was founder of the firm of Samuel J. Prescott Co., Inc., building contractors, which developed several significant buildings in downtown Washington, D.C. Prescott was chairman of the board of the Second National Bank of Washington, D.C., president of the Master Builders Association, the Builders and Manufacturers Exchange, and the Prescott Farms Company of New Hampshire.
The Bayside Historic District remains today as an intact, cohesive neighborhood. Despite the number of post-1941 buildings, Bayside retains a high level of historic and architectural integrity.
Architecture of Bayside.
Houses constructed in Bayside reflect the diversity, direction, and taste of individual residents as well as the architectural eclecticism prevalent in the early-20th century. The earlier buildings in the district are Frame Vernacular, with several examples of early bungalows. Houses built in the 1920s are generally Mediterranean Revival in style, while structures built in the 1930s and 1940s are frequently Art Deco. Bayside also features a number of excellent examples of other architectural styles, including Mission Revival, Streamline Moderne, and Florida Ranch. Other structures, best described as Masonry Vernacular, add to the area's architectural diversity.
Demographics.
The Upper East Side has a population of 15,056 of different ethnicities and races that includes high, middle and low income residents. Biscayne Boulevard is the central spine of this neighborhood. The neighborhood like the rest of Miami is quickly becoming composed mostly of artistic and bright colored homes and condos. The area has some of the highest crime rates in Miami for an area that has a substantial amount of middle- and high-income residents.
As of 2000, The Upper Eastside had a population of 15,056 residents, with 6,263 households, and 3,167 families residing in the neighborhood. The median household income was $35,196.16. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 28.60% Hispanic or Latino of any race, 40.10% Black or African American, 25.09% White (non-Hispanic), and 6.21% Other races (non-Hispanic).
MiMo Historic District.
Today, the area along Biscayne Boulevard is the designated MiMo Architecture Biscayne Boulevard Historic District or also known as "MiMo on BiBo", for "Miami Modern on Biscayne Boulevard". It MiMo Historic District runs roughly from 50th Street to 77th Street along Biscayne Boulevard, although MiMo can be found heavily in the Miami Design District and Midtown. Many annual festivals are held to promote MiMo architecture, such as "Cinco de MiMo" a play on "Cinco de Mayo" in early May.
Biscayne Boulevard throughout the Upper East Side fell to urban decay after the 1980s, and experienced increased crime, prostitution and drug dealings. In the 2000s, preservation efforts began to bring development interest into the neighborhood, and Biscayne Boulevard began to improve. Today, the boulevard is in a fast upwards transition along with many other nearby neighborhoods such as the Design District, Wynwood and Edgewater, with strong preservation efforts to preserve the MiMo architecture.
Zoning and public projects.
Under pressure from residents to keep undesirably large buildings out, The Miami City Commission considered new building codes and a 180 moratorium on February 26 of 2007. With many homes built in the late 1920s, the Upper Eastside encompasses some of Miami's oldest neighborhoods and residents desire to keep it that way. The proposed codes were looser on distance to low-density areas but stricter on building height.
A beautification and landscape project was recently completed on Biscayne Boulevard and Legion Park and Eaton Park recently received improvements such as new playground equipment. Construction on new Little River Canal and efforts to fight crime are currently being worked on.
Education.
Miami-Dade County Public Schools operates area public schools:
The Archdiocese of Miami operates:
Other private schools in the Upper East Side include:
Libraries.
Miami-Dade Public Library operates area public libraries:

</doc>
<doc id="9726879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726879" title="Hal Hickel">
Hal Hickel

Hal T. Hickel is a visual effects animator for Industrial Light & Magic.
At the age of 12, Hickel wrote a letter to Lucasfilm outlining his ideas for a sequel to ' and received a polite rejection letter from producer Gary Kurtz. The letter now hangs on the wall of Hickel's office at ILM. Twenty years later, Hickel found himself working on "Star Wars" after all, as a lead animator on '.
A native from Bailey, Colorado, he joined the Film Graphics Program at CalArts in 1982. Worked at An-FX from 1982 until 1988 and then joined Will Vinton Studios working in stop motion and motion control.
Hickel began his animation career at Pixar in 1994, where he worked on "Toy Story", the THX promos, as well as some of Pixar's short films. Hearing that a new "Star Wars" trilogy was in pre-production, Hickel applied for a transfer to ILM on the chance that he may get to work on the prequels. He was first assigned as an animator on ', but was eventually assigned to work on "The Phantom Menace" and later its sequel ', where he was responsible for the unique movement of the Droideka destroyer droids.
His other credits include: "A.I.", "Space Cowboys", "Dreamcatcher" and "Van Helsing". In 2007, Hickel won the BAFTA and the Academy Award for Visual Effects along with John Knoll, Charles Gibson and Allen Hall, for "".

</doc>
<doc id="9726889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726889" title="Narciso Tomé">
Narciso Tomé

Narciso Tomé (1690–1742) was a Spanish architect and sculptor of the late-Baroque or Rococo period. 
Born in Toro. With his brother, Diego, he sculpted in 1715, the facade of the University of Valladolid. In 1721, he was named master of the cathedral of Toledo, for whom he constructed the famous Altarwork, the Transparente (1721–1732), and example of the elaborate Spanish Baroque.
"El Transparente", derives its name from the play of light on the altar, and is several stories high, with fantastic figures of stucco, painting, bronze castings, and multiple colors of marble, a masterpiece of Baroque mixed media by Narciso Tomé enhanced by the daily effect for a few minutes of a shaft of sunlight striking it through an appropriately oriented hole in the roof, giving the impression that the whole altar is rising to heaven.

</doc>
<doc id="9726950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726950" title="Kobe Regatta &amp; Athletic Club">
Kobe Regatta &amp; Athletic Club

The Kobe Regatta & Athletic Club, was founded on September 23, 1870 by Alexander Cameron Sim, and is Japan's oldest sports club. The Club moved to a newly manufactured building at the end of 1870 and held its first-ever regatta on December 24, of that same year. The Club and its members have been variously credited with introducing many sports to Japan, including Association Football, Field Hockey, Cricket, Rugby, the Crawl (swimming) and Ten-Pin bowling! The first official football match in Japan is widely believed to have been held on February 18, 1888 between the KR&AC and its Yokohama counterpart, the Yokohama Country & Athletic Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9726955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726955" title="Los Updates">
Los Updates

Los Updates are a minimal dance group formed by Jorge González of Los Prisioneros. They began sometime in the summer of 2006 after Los Prisioneros had broken up. Throughout the year they recorded some songs which will be released as an EP .
History.
Loreto Otero and Jorge González are Los Updates, South American auto exiles with laptops, turntables, synthesizers and voices produce a strong sound collage, whose ultimate goal is the pleasure in the dance floor, while searching that immortal song.
Jorge joined as a singer, bassist, guitarist, programmer, songwriter and producer the legendary group The Prisoners, who sold over a million and a half albums since the mid-80s, breaking records asisitencia public (with its particular mix of electropop and new wave ) in over a dozen nations, filling two days running the National soccer Stadium Santiago in December 2001 (140 thousand people in total) and related thronging stadiums in several other countries .
Without going any further, Latin MTV began broadcasting with " We are sudamerican rockers " written, sung and produced by Jorge Gonzalez. Loreto since 2001 photographically documented every tour the band and produced the visual accompaniment of various tours.
Jorge edited vinyls parallel as a composer and singer in various electronic projects, highlighting the success of clubs " I am not the Sound" Sieg Über Die by Sonne from Germany, with whom he released the album also "+1", the hit " Tour France " by Lord Coconut, the song " Kind of Wrong " by Sussie 4 and his latest EP, " No Sleep " by Dinky.
Abandoning the comfort it gives to play in a legendary rock band in Spanish, experience in Mexico under, is a brave move and visionary hope .
The Updates are publishing their first self-titled EP in Castilian : in Mexico with the prestigious independent label " Noiselab " in USA under " National Records " in Argentina with " Secsy Music " and in Chile with Fair -La Oreja discs. Lore and George addition, under the name of Los Updates, launched in May 2007, a double vinyl through the label Cadenza in Berlin
Traductor de Google para empresas:Translator ToolkitTraductor de sitios webGlobal Market Finder
Desactivar traducción instantáneaAcerca del Traductor de GoogleCelularesPrivacidadAyudaEnviar comentarios

</doc>
<doc id="9726959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726959" title="Win or Lose (Zero Assoluto song)">
Win or Lose (Zero Assoluto song)

"Win or Lose" is single by Zero Assoluto featuring the Canadian pop singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado.
Song release.
The song has been released on May 11, 2008 in Germany, but in Italy this track has been released in 2007 with the title "Appena Prima Di Partire".
Music video.
The video
has been shot and released, it can be watched on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="9726969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726969" title="Bahia (album)">
Bahia (album)

Bahia is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1965 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7353. It is assembled from unissued results of two separate recording sessions at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval. Bahia is the last known album of this category while recording with Prestige.

</doc>
<doc id="9726985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726985" title="Roman Catholic Mission Sui Iuris of Cayman Islands">
Roman Catholic Mission Sui Iuris of Cayman Islands

The Roman Catholic Mission "Sui Iuris" of Cayman Islands () is a mission "sui iuris" of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in the Caribbean. The mission comprises the entirety of the British dependency of the Cayman Islands. The mission is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica, and a member of the Antilles Episcopal Conference.
Erected in 14 July 2000 from the Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica, the Mission is currently served by Archbishop Allen Vigneron of Detroit, Michigan.
Relationship with Detroit.
In November 2000, the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit was assigned pastoral responsibility for the Roman Catholic Church of the Cayman Islands, which consists of Saint Ignatius Parish in George Town, Christ The Redeemer Church in West Bay, and Stella Maris Church on Cayman Brac. The Mission and the Archdiocese are related in the person of Mission Ordinary Archbishop Vigneron, who is the current Archbishop of Detroit.

</doc>
<doc id="9726986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9726986" title="To takie proste">
To takie proste

"To takie proste" ("It's so easy") was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Polish by Sixteen.
The song is a moderately up-tempo number, sung from the point of view of a woman in a relationship which she recognises is not great, but which she admits is "the best that we can get".
The song was performed seventh on the night (following Slovakia's Katarína Hasprová with "Modlitba" and preceding Israel's Dana International with "Diva"). At the close of voting, it had received 19 points, placing 17th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1999 Contest by Mietek Szcześniak with "Przytul mnie mocno".

</doc>
<doc id="9727018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727018" title="Infratek">
Infratek

Infratek is a system for removing ice from aircraft using heat (infrared radiation).
Infrared panels powered by natural gas are installed inside a big hangar-like tent with openings in both ends. When the aircraft is inside, the infrared rays will melt the ice off its wings and body. The advantage is that no chemical deicing fluids such as glycol, which is harmful to the environment and very expensive, need to be used. A minor drawback might be that natural gas adds to CO2 pollution.
Infratek systems exist at New York's JFK and Newark airports. It was also set up at Oslo Airport, Gardermoen in January 2006, but as of February 2007 the system was still unsuccessful, due to the cold Norwegian winter climate.

</doc>
<doc id="9727032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727032" title="Britain's Next Top Model (cycle 2)">
Britain's Next Top Model (cycle 2)

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 2 was the second cycle of "Britain's Next Top Model" and the second series aired on LIVINGtv.
The cast was increased to 13 contestants. The international destination was Marrakech, Morocco. The prize was a contract management and representation by Models 1, an advertising campaign in Ford Fiesta and a cover and 6-page spread of "Company Magazine". 
Lisa Snowdon became the host of this cycle after previous host Lisa Butcher left the show due to her wooden performance in the previous cycle. Also, Marie Helvin was replaced with Paula Hamilton. Jonathan Phang remains as a judge.
The winner was 18 year old Lianna Fowler from Derby, England.
Episode Summaries.
Week 1.
"Original Airdate: 24 July 2006"
The competition begins. The 13 girls arrived and they proceed to Cafe De Paris where they meet the new host, Lisa Snowdon, and the judges. The girls also meet Hilary Alexander, a stylist who tells them to have a runway walk where they have to wear underwear and formal outfits for a backstage tour along with the judges. They arrived in the model house and they have a tour of the entire house for some excitement.
The girls are have an early call to Milton Keynes SnowZone for their first photo shoot, where they are forced to withstand temperatures as low as whilst wearing bikinis. Abigail feels that her breasts are quite large compared to the other girls. Yvette failed to impress in her look.
The next day, the girls went to a military camp to compete an obstacle course. Some girls struggled in obstacle training while Yvette suffers a scar in her leg. Asha won the obstacle course challenge and she chose 4 friends to join her (Nina, Samantha, Sarah and Sophia) on a shopping spree and to get a cocktail at the Waldorf Hilton. Immediately Lianna feels like an outsider, not getting along with the other girls. During the deliberation, Sarah and Tamar were praised for their photos and especially for their runway walks. Jasmia and Yvette are in the bottom two, Jasmia for her poor photo ability, and Yvette for showing low self-esteem and for having a terrible photo. Jasmia was spared, and Yvette became the first girl to be sent home.
Week 2.
"Original Airdate: 31 July 2006" 
The remaining contestants arrived at Brighton & Hove Dog Track where they met Michelle Paradise for a catwalk lesson. They wore garbage bags to learn how to deal with distractions on the catwalk and walk dogs down a makeshift runway on the track. Jasmia won the challenge and chose 4 friends (Tamar, Lucy, Lianna & Amber) for a dinner treat back at the house. The losers have to serve them as dishwashers, waitresses and assistant chefs with celebrity chef Ian Pengelley cooking food for the winners. They had an ice cream disaster and it fell on the floor many times while Abigail throws a tantrum.
The next day, the girls were paired up in the following six groups to pose for a 1940's inspired, B&W homme and femme photo shoot:
During the photo shoot, Nina appeared topless and she didn't help Lianna when Lianna couldn't choose her trousers. The following day after the photo shoot, they got their makeovers and there were inevitable tears. Sophia realized that her hair wasn't Strawberry Blonde; Tamar was shocked when her hair was dyed brown. Lianna said that Sophia didn't like her cut or color at all and that she felt like an old woman. Sophia tried to convince Lisa that she really liked it and that she was pleased, despite being in tears.
During the judging panel, Most of the girls excelled, with good photos. Samantha improved her walk but not her photo shoot. Nina's photo wasn't sensual enough and was too aggressive. Lianna also looked bad and bland, with no expression in her eyes during the photo shoot. Both Nina and Lianna were in bottom two, having been considered the worst in the bunch, but the judges felt that Lianna's face was striking thus she was saved from elimination. Nina was eliminated from the competition.
Week 3.
"Original Airdate: 7 August 2006"
The girls went to 20th Century Theater to learn cheesecake pin-up and dancing from Britain's own 'Queen of Burlesque' Immodesty Blaize where they have to learn seductive moves. Amber in particular struggles in the challenge. Later at the house, they have a cocktail party to relax, and the girls host their own 'Oscar Night'.
The girls head to a manor for a perfume commercial set from casting director Beth Charkham. They have to go underwater in the pool along with male model and recite the perfume's tagline in French: "Alors,est-ce que tu m'aimes?" ("So do you love me?"). Tamar feels that her first commercial is very difficult. Georgina and Amber had to face their fear of deep water. Amber and Lucy received harsh criticism for their commercials but Abigail won the challenge. Abigail picks Samantha, Sophia and Georgina for their prize - an evening outfit for dinner in a top London restaurant. After, they proceed to a club for a dance, along with two male models. Tensions rise between Lianna and Asha about their efforts in the competition.
The next day, they met Hilary for facing a burlesque photo shoot theme. At the elimination panel, Abigail was told that she had the best picture of the week, Lianna's improvement in both shoot and personality was commended and so as Lucy's good photo shoot which Blaize said she look like a "beautiful China Doll". Asha's commercial got a laugh for her side mouth kiss with the male model, but Jonathan told her that her pose was undignified and unfeminine. She found herself in the bottom two along with Amber. Amber's beauty didn't come through in her pictures but she was given another chance, and Asha was eliminated.
Week 4.
"Original Airdate: 14 August 2006" 
The remaining models learned about ballroom dancing from top ballroom dancer Brendan Cole but Lianna struggles to perform because, as she states, she is much more accustomed to doing sports like football. Then they do a full dance with music. Tamar, who had prior dance training, excelled, winning the challenge. She selected Jasmia and Lucy to have a dinner in Oxo Hotel with Brendan as her reward.
The following day, the girls are taken to Lucie Clayton Academy and they have to dress like ladies. They met a teacher for an etiquette class and some modeling tips.
The next day, they face to do an Appletiser commercial photo shoot where casting director Jonathan Clayton told the girls that they were jumping on a trampoline with a bottle. Later at the house, tension began when Lianna cried that she didn't know how to dance, annoying the other girls. She ended up sleeping downstairs, away from the other girls.
At panel, Lianna received rave reviews for her trampoline photo, though Lisa said that her walk was stiff and awkward. Sarah and Amber are praised for having their best photos so far. Tamar's photo got mixed reviews, and she landed in the bottom two, along with Lucy. Tamar's challenge win saved her, and Lucy was eliminated for not being versatile enough.
Week 5.
"Original Airdate: 21 August 2006"
The girls were taken to Destination Gym where they train with personal trainer Chris Mundle, with Sophia struggling to keep up in the workout. Then straight after training, the girls were divided into groups of two and put into separate cars for a go-see challenge for a clothing company without the chance to shower after their workout. The next day, they went to a salon for a makeup challenge. Jasmia won the challenge; her prize was an Urban Decay makeup kit and a helicopter ride around London. She chose Amber to go with her.
In the middle of the night, they went to a dungeon for facing a Gothic Bride photo shoot and they were taken in a crypt. Hilary showed the girls some ornate necklace to wear them in their shoot. The majority of the girls struggled to get a good shot but Lianna and Tamar are praised for their performances.
The next morning, Jasmia celebrated her birthday and told the girls she didn't want to spend it with all of them. She watched a home video from her parents back at home. Lisa surprised her for a dinner and she chose 5 friends (Lianna, Amber, Sarah, Tamar and Georgina) to go to Shanghai Blues. Later they have a club party, whilst the other three girls had some fun and play.
During the judging panel, Abigail was criticized for having the worst photo of the week. The judges told her that she looked bad in her photo and she wasn't convincing in editorial shots. She landed in the bottom two with Sophia, but Sophia was eliminated from the competition due to a weak portfolio.
Week 6.
"Original Airdate: 28 August 2006" 
The remaining models went to a studio where they had a heavy metallic make-up photo shoot. Jasmia struggled with the shoot, feeling self-conscious. Sarah was very worried that she didn't show enough personality in her picture. Lisa then visited the girls at the house, and they were asked to critique their weaknesses to each other, which caused even more fights.
The girls went to Heart 106.2 FM radio station and they met radio presenter Toby Anstis for an interview and learned how to answer embarrassing questions. The judges thought Lianna had a good attitude and also quite a striking look. Amber and Samantha had good interviews and they won their challenges. Amber picked Jasmia, while Samantha picked Abigail for a Luxury Spa Treatment reward.
The girls found the Lisa Mail, where they learned they had to create portfolios in Southend-on-Sea and split into four groups. When they returned to the house, Celebrity Photographer Nicky Johnston and Models 1 director Karen Diamond visited the house to discuss their portfolios.
At the judging panel, Abigail got some good marks for her photo and impressed the judges. Tamar and Amber were praised for having the best photos. Samantha and Sarah ended up in bottom two. Sarah's photo was considered very stiff, but ultimately Samantha was eliminated because she didn't stand out in her pictures.
Week 7.
"Original Airdate: 4 September 2006"
The girls shot a thirty second jewellery promotion commercial for QVC with top promo director Jason Clifford. Back in the house, Cycle 1 winner Lucy Ratcliffe visited and gave the girls some tips. They interviewed her about her life as a model.
The following day, the girls had a fake press conference for selling a new lip gloss product. Later, they arrived at "Company Magazine" headquarters, where they met the magazine's editor Victoria White. Jasmia won the conference challenge and picked Tamar with her to meet Christian Slater in Garrick Theatre at his stage play "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest".
The next day, they had a country life photo shoot. Jasmia and Abigail both had good photos. During the judging panel, Sarah and Abigail were impressive in the thirty second commercial. Lisa said that millions of home viewers would see the commercial. The judges decided in a split decision to eliminate two girls this week.
In the end, Tamar and Georgina were in the bottom two and were both eliminated when Lisa pulled out a blank photo, shocking the remaining girls. Tamar was sent home due to her inability to hide her large legs in pictures; Georgina was sent home because her face didn't photograph well.
Week 8.
"Original Airdate: 11 September 2006" 
With another two girls gone, the house became even more divided. Abigail saw a Lisa Mail above personal luggages. The girls met top style expert Saffron Aldridge, who mercilessly went through their wardrobes. They had a one-on-one with Lisa, and some girls took the opportunity to bring other girls down.
The girls had a photo shoot where they had to cover each other with paint along with a Ford Fiesta. Later, they had a group photo shoot which some saw as an opportunity for revenge. Later that night, the girls arrived at Pelham Hotel and found seven people seating in a dining hall. Jonathan was waiting to meet supermodel Jerry Hall for dinner. The next day, they had a go-see challenge with their portfolios. Lianna won the go-see challenge for her strong portfolio. Lianna chose Sarah to join her at the premiere of Confetti as the reward for winning the challenge, and both girls who surprised when Lisa joined them.
During the judging panel, Lisa announced the girls would be going to Marrakech, Morocco for the remainder of the competition, but there was only room for four of them. Amber's improvement was noted, and she was sent to Marrakech, along with Abigail and Jasmia. Lianna and Sarah found themselves in the bottom two, both for the second time, with the judges doubting their desire to become models. In the end, Lianna's unique face and superior portfolio earned her the last place on the plane to Marrakech, and Sarah was sent home.
Week 9.
"Original Airdate: 18 September 2006" 
The four remaining models flew to Marrakech and excitedly arrived at their luxurious villa, where they would stay for the remainder of the competition. Lisa gave them the day off, and they headed to Nikki Beach where they had some fun along with local guys.
The girls went to Souk where they have a challenge to find an outfit for Lisa. They were split into two groups (Abigail and Lianna, Jasmia and Amber) to buy the outfits. Abigail and Lianna won the challenge and they spent time in Moroccan spa and massage while the losers cooked vegetables for the winners. Back at the villa, tensions arose when Abigail and Jasmia had a big argument that continued on into the next morning.
The girls arrived in a rural desert area for their photoshoot. Jasmia and Abigail had the strongest photos, and both advanced to the next round. Lianna found herself in the bottom two again, along with Amber. Lianna was saved from elimination, and Amber was sent home due to her inability to move well in pictures and her general lack of expression.
Week 10.
"Original Airdate: 25 September 2006" 
The final three were surprised when they had to learn how to Belly Dance from Noor, a local performer. They wore belly dancing costumes to a Moroccan restaurant, where they had to perform their dances for the judges. Abigail won the challenge; her prize was a computer phone decorated with pink Swarovski crystals.
The next day, Lisa introduced the girls to Moroccan fashion designer Djellaba, and the girls learned two of them would be wearing Djellaba's designs on the catwalk. Later that day, they went to Souk for their final photo shoot. Lianna cried during the shoot because the pressure was getting to her. Jasmia was not impressed with Lianna's breakdown, thinking it was unprofessional. During the judging panel, all three girls got good feedback for their photos, and Lianna was told that her photo was her best so far. The judges had a difficult time making a decision, but in the end Abigail and Jasmia landed in the bottom two. Jasmia was eliminated for having a one-note look, leaving Abigail and Lianna to face off in the final runway show.
The remaining two girls arrived in a Marrakech palace to compete in a Moroccan fashion runway show. On the catwalk, they both had good walks and impressed the judges. During the final panel, the judges discussed the girls' performance in the competition. Lianna's walk was considered slightly stiff, but her photographs were praised. The judges felt that Abigail's walk was quite good, and that she had improved a lot from the start of the competition. After a tough decision, the girls were called back and it was revealed that Lianna was Britain's Next Top Model.
Ratings.
Episode Viewing figures from BARB

</doc>
<doc id="9727040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727040" title="The Lashes">
The Lashes

The Lashes are a Seattle-based power pop band.
The band formed in Seattle in 2000. Named by Ben Clark's ex-girlfriend. The band had gone through 10 previous drummers before finding Mike Loggins.
In 2004, the Lashes made their recording debut with the "Stupid Stupid" EP produced by John Goodmanson and released on Berkeley, California-based Lookout! Records. Sold-out shows with The Libertines and Ted Leo and the Pharmacists followed that same year. Before the year's end, the Lashes joined producer John Goodmanson for the recording of their debut album. "Get It" was issued on Columbia Records on February 21, 2006. The band toured extensively in 2006 with acts such as Damone, The Living End, Rooney, and Morningwood.
On May 5, 2007, guitarist Eric Howk fell into a hole at a construction site near a friend's house and broke several vertebrae and severed his spine. The accident left him paralyzed from the waist down, but he demanded the band not cancel their upcoming appearance at Bumbershoot 2007.
The band most recently self-released the first half of their second LP, titled "Thank You Side A" on January 1, 2008. It was released exclusively at Sonic Boom Records and was once again produced by John Goodmanson.

</doc>
<doc id="9727042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727042" title="Abzakovo, Beloretsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan">
Abzakovo, Beloretsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan

Abzakovo (; ) is a rural locality (a "selo") in Beloretsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
A ski resort of the same name is located in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="9727069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727069" title="Johnny Couch">
Johnny Couch

John Daniel Couch (March 31, 1891 Vaughn, Montana – December 8, 1975 Palo Alto, California) was a Major League Baseball player.
Baseball career.
Couch began his Major League Baseball career as a pitcher in 1917 with the Detroit Tigers. In 1918 he served in the military during World War I. He did not play again until 1922 with the Cincinnati Reds. In 1923 he played part of the season with the Reds and the other part with the Philadelphia Phillies. It was in this season that he pitched 16 wins, the most in his career. The next season he continued playing with the Phillies until 1925 when he ended his Major League career.
He appeared on Zeenut Series baseball cards for 1916 and 1919.
Later life.
Couch later worked for the California Highway Patrol as a motorcycle officer. He retired, remaining in Palo Alto with his wife, the former Miss Zetta Mills. They had one child, Mary Jean Couch.

</doc>
<doc id="9727074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727074" title="Swan Bay">
Swan Bay

The Swan Bay is a shallow, marine embayment at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula in Port Phillip, Victoria, Australia. The township of Queenscliff lies at its southern end, and St Leonards at its northern. It is partly separated from Port Phillip by Swan Island, Duck Island and Edwards Point. Most of the area is included in the Port Phillip Heads Marine National Park as well as being listed as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention as part of the Port Phillip Bay (Western Shoreline) and Bellarine Peninsula Ramsar Site. The bay is part of the Swan Bay and Port Phillip Bay Islands Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for Orange-bellied Parrots, waders and seabirds.
Matthew Flinders named the bay "Swan Ponds" after its Black Swans, up to 2,700 of which can be seen in summer and early autumn. 
Ecology.
Swan Bay contains a variety of ecosystems that make it environmentally important for waterbirds and migratory waders. These include salt marsh, intertidal mudflats and vast seagrass beds on which, almost everything living in the bay relies on for food. Although much of the surrounding land is farmland, some remnant woodland survives in the adjoining Edwards Point Nature Reserve and Swan Bay itself. The bay has been recognised as having international importance and the Port Phillip Heads Marine National Park almost entirely occupies the bay.
Nearly 200 species of birds have been recorded in Swan bay. Birds of conservation significance for which the bay and its shore are internationally important include the Critically Endangered Orange-bellied Parrot as well as Little Tern, Fairy Tern, Eastern Curlew, Lewin's Rail and White-bellied Sea-eagle. It also supports over 1% of the Australian population of four wader species: Grey Plover, Pacific Golden Plover, Double-banded Plover and Eastern Curlew. Other birds found in the region include the Australian Pelican, Silver Gull, Royal Spoonbill, Caspian and Crested Terns, White-fronted Chat, Sacred Ibis, Red-necked Stint, Little Pied Cormorant and Pied Oystercatcher. Some of these birds travel from as far away as arctic Siberia and Alaska where they breed, to feed on the intertidal mudflats of Swan Bay.
Geography.
Swan Bay lies at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula in Port Phillip. It is partly separated from Port Phillip by Swan Island, Duck Island and Edwards Point. Islands located within the bay include Mangrove Island, Rabbit Island, Sand Island, Stingaree Island and Tip Island.
Recreation.
Recreation in the bay mainly revolves around sightseeing activities such as sea kayaking, scuba diving, bird watching and various wildlife tours. Boating is limited in Swan Bay, particularly around Swan Island and in Stingaree Bight, there is a 5 knot speed limit and many areas of the bay become very shallow at low tide.
Myths.
There is supposedly a treasure hidden in a cave on the southern shoreline of Swan Bay. The myth revolves around the pirate Benito "Bloody Sword" Bonito, who raided the west coast of the Americas. His career began around 1818 but from there on sources differ. According to one legend his ship was boarded by a British man-of-war after Bonito exited Port Phillip after hiding a treasure in Swan Bay, apparently the so-called "Lost Loot of Lima", sometime in 1821. He was subsequently given a trial and hanged.

</doc>
<doc id="9727104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727104" title="Dersim Rebellion">
Dersim Rebellion

The Dersim rebellion was a Kurdish uprising against the Turkish government in the Dersim region of eastern Turkey, which includes parts of Tunceli Province, Elazığ Province, and Bingöl Province. The rebellion was led by Seyid Riza, an Alevi chieftain of the Yukarı Abbas Uşağı tribe.
Background.
Ottoman period.
During the Ottoman period, before the Tanzimat, most of the empire's eastern regions were administrated by the Ottoman feudal system. Authority in these regions was in the hands of feudal lords, tribal chieftains and "aghas" (dignitaries).
Early republican era.
The situation of Dersim in the Ottoman Empire continued in the early years of the Republic of Turkey. Tribes from Dersim objected to losing authority and refused to pay taxes.
Complaints kept coming from the governors. In an Interior Ministry report in 1926, it was considered necessary to use force against the residents of Dersim.
Law on Resettlement.
The Turkification process in Turkey began with the Turkish National Assembly passing the 1934 Law on Resettlement ('İskân Kanunu' Law No.2510, 13 June 1934).
"Tunceli" law.
The Dersim region included the Tunceli Province whose name was changed from Dersim to Tunceli with the "Law on Administration of the Tunceli Province" ("Tunceli Vilayetinin İdaresi Hakkında Kanun"), no. 2884 of 25 December 1935 on January 4, 1936.
Fourth General Inspectorate.
In order to consolidate its authority in the process of Turkification of religious and ethnic minorities, the Turkish Grand National Assembly passed the law, numbered 1164 and dated June 25, 1927. Following the First Inspectorate-General (January 1, 1928, Diyarbakır),
Thrace pogroms, 
the Second Inspectorate-General (February 19, 1934, Edirne) and the Third Inspectorate-General (August 25, 1935, Erzurum), the Fourth General Inspectorate ("Dördüncü Umumi Müffetişlik") was established on June 6, 1936, in the traditional Dersim region, which includes Tunceli Province, Elazığ Province and Bingöl Province.
On 1 November 1936, during a speech in the parliament Atatürk acknowledged the situation in Dersim as Turkey's most important internal problem. Firstly, military stations were built in the strategical zones. Then the Inspector of the Fourth General Inspectorate, Lieutenant General Abdullah Alpdoğan was given the authority to sign court orders, providing security, to exile people that lived in the city when necessary. 
The Rebellion.
After the "Tunceli" Law, the Turkish government built military observation posts in the centers of districts such as Kahmut, Sin, Karaoğlan, Amutka, Danzik, and Haydaran.
Meeting at Halbori cells.
The chieftain of Yukarı, Abbas Uşağı Seyit Riza, sent his followers to the Haydaran, Demenan, Yusufan, and Kureyşan tribes to make an alliance.
According to Turkish authorities, on March 20–21, 1937, at 23:00 hrs, the Demenan and Haydaran tribes broke a bridge connecting Pah and Kahmut in the Harçik Valley. The Inspector General gave the order to prepare for action to the 2nd Mobile Gendarmerie Battalion at Pülümür, the 3th Mobile Gendarmerie Battalion at Pülür, the 9th Gendarmier Battalion at Mazkirt, and the Mobile Gendarmerie Regiment at Hozat, and sent one infantry company of the 9th Mobile Gendarmier Battalion to Pah.
Turkish military operations.
According to Osman Pamukoğlu, a general in Turkish Army in the 1990s, Atatürk had given the operational order himself.
1937.
First Tunceli Operation.
On September 10–12, 1937, Seyit Rıza came to the government building of the Erzincan Province for peace talks and was arrested. On the next day, he was transferred to the headquarters of the General Inspectorate at Elazığ and hanged with 6 (or 10) of his fellows on November 15–18, 1937 The victims were:
On November 17, 1937, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk came to Pertek to take part in the opening ceremony for the Singeç Bridge.
1938.
Second Tunceli Operation.
The prime minister, Celal Bayar (in office: October 25, 1937 – January 25, 1939) had agreed to an attack on the Dersim rebels. The operation started on January 2, 1938 and finished on August 7, 1938.
Third Tunceli Operation.
The Third Tunceli Operation was carried out between August 10–17, 1938.
Sweep operations.
Sweep operations that started on September 6, were continued for 17 days.
Aerial operations.
Turkish planes flew numerous sorties against the rebels during the rebellion. Among the pilots was Kemal Atatürk's adopted daughter, Sabiha Gökçen, the first female fighter pilot in military history. A report of the General Staff mentioned the "serious damage" that had been caused by her 50 kg bomb, upon a group of 50 fleeing "bandits".
Muhsin Batur, engaged in operations for about two months over Dersim, but he stated in his memoirs that he wanted to avoid explaining this part of his life. Nuri Dersimi claimed that the Turkish air force bombed the district with poisonous gas in 1938.
Consequences.
According to an official report of the Fourth General Ispectorate, 13,160 civilians were killed by the Turkish Army and 11,818 people were taken into exile, depopulating the province. According to the Dersimi, many tribesmen were shot dead after surrendering, and women and children were locked into haysheds which were then set on fire. According to McDowall, 40,000 people were killed. According to Kurdish Diaspora sources, over 70,000 people were killed.
A key component of the Turkification process was the policy of massive population resettlement - a result of the 1934 law on resettlement. This policy targeted the region of Dersim as one of its first test cases, and it had disastrous consequences for the local population.
Hüseyin Aygün, a jurist author, wrote in his book "Dersim 1938 and Obligatory Settlement":
Recent developments.
On November 23, 2011, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan apologized "on behalf of the state" over the killing of over 13,000 people during the rebellion. His remarks were widely commented on both inside and outside Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="9727117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727117" title="Bannoye Lake">
Bannoye Lake

Bannoye is the name of a lake in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan, and a famous ski resort near it.
The lake and its surroundings are favorite vacation spot. Around the lake are motels and resorts, there is a ski resort on the mountain "Bashmak".
A natural monument of 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="9727128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727128" title="Jan Fredrik Wiborg">
Jan Fredrik Wiborg

Jan Fredrik Wiborg (9 October 1944 – 21 June 1994) was a Norwegian civil engineer.
During the early 1990s, he criticised plans for building Oslo's new airport at Gardermoen. The Parliament of Norway had originally decided to build the new airport at Hurumlandet, but weather surveys claimed this location would only be operable 80% of the time. Wiborg claimed the information was falsified and that parliament were deliberately misled by government officials.
Wiborg died on 21 June 1994 after falling from a hotel window in Copenhagen, and crucial documents about the case disappeared. Circumstances about his death was never fully cleared. Journalists from the newspaper "Aftenposten" were awarded the prestigious SKUP prize in 1999 for their investigation of the case.
In 2000 the parliamentary Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs held a public hearing about the alleged foul play during the airport planning process. An official report was released in 2001.
Family.
Jan Fredrik Wiborg had a son, Daniel Wiborg. Daniel is a civil engineer in aerospace industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9727136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727136" title="Jeanne de Lestonnac">
Jeanne de Lestonnac

Saint Jeanne de Lestonnac (December 27, 1556 – February 2, 1640), alternately known as Joan of Lestonnac, was a Roman Catholic saint and founderess of the order The Company of Mary Our Lady. Catholics claim that although she lived in the 17th century her body remains incorrupt.
Biography.
Early years.
Sainte Jeanne de Lestonnac was born in Bordeaux, France in 1556 to a prominent family. Her father, Richard de Lestonnac, was a member of the French Parliament while her mother, Jeanne Eyquem, was the sister of the philosopher, Michel de Montaigne. She grew up in a time where the conflict between the Protestant reformists and the defenders of the Catholic faith was at its height. This was evident in her family. While her mother was an enthuasiatic Calvinist, her father and her uncle Montaigne adhered to the Catholic tradition.
At the age of 17 she married Gaston de Montferrant and had 3 children, but these died after they were born. Later on she had 5 more children, 2 boys and 3 girls. She was married for 24 years before her husband died. This marked a painful time in her life where not only her husband but her father, uncle and eldest son also died.
She didn't feel "complete" after 4 of the great men she loved had died. She felt God was calling her for a plan and needed "sacrifice" to make it complete.
Religious life.
Following her husband's death, Jeanne de Lestonnac turned to a contemplative life and entered the Cistercian Monastery in Toulouse at the age of 46 and took the name Jeanne of Saint Bernard, however, she became very ill and had to leave. After the leaving the monastery she lived in the La Mothe countryside and began a period of deep discernment. In 1607, at the age of 51, and with the approval of Pope Paul V she established the religious order: The Company of Mary. She envisions the essential task of the order is to educate girls. Soon the order established its first school for girls in Bordeaux. By the time she died in 1640 at the age of 84, 30 houses existed in France.
Legacy.
Jeanne de Lestonnac was beatified in 1900 by Pope Leo XIII and was canonized on May 15, 1949 by Pope Pius XII. Today her religious order has over 2,500 sisters and are found in 17 countries throughout Europe, Africa, North America and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="9727176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727176" title="Argyle Airport">
Argyle Airport

Argyle Airport is an airport at Lake Argyle, Western Australia. The airport serves the nearby Argyle Diamond Mine.

</doc>
<doc id="9727178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727178" title="M-shaped society">
M-shaped society

M-Form Society (M型社會) early found in the writings of William Ouchi - ""The M-Form Society: How American Teamwork Can Recapture the Competitive Edge.""
M-shaped Society (M型社會) is a term coined by the Japanese economist and corporate strategist Kenichi Ohmae (大前研一)(1943–). According to his observation, Ohmae argued that the structure of Japanese society has emerged into a 'M-shape' distribution. It refers to a polarized society with the extreme rich and the extreme poor.
Theory.
In a well-developed modern society, the distribution of classes is in a 'normal distribution' pattern, and the middle class forms the bulk of the society. 
However, in the emergence of the 'M-shape society', the middle class in a society gradually disappears. With the advance and consequence of globalization (for good or bad), the middle class is gradually assimilated into either side. The bulk of society is no longer the middle classes. The name is derived when you chart the class distribution a distinct M-shape is formed to denote the two extremes, with the middle class gradually shrinking and disappearing. Very few people in this middle class may be able to climb up the ladder and be able to be part of the upper class, while most from the middle class will gradually sink to the lower-income group. 
What is worse, the upward social ladder seems to have disappeared – opportunities and fair competition become fewer and fewer. People in the lower class can no longer climb up the ladder: they cannot earn a high-paid job or have stable employment, even if they have a high level of education.
Possible premise in the context of our current world view.
You can imagine how this can take place once a series of circumstances come together over time to make one an Outlier. Once the immediate ancestors, parents or grandparents have done the groundwork needed to create the circumstances and design the opportunities, the person who was born into the right place and the right time with the right circumstances will leverage their circumstances to be part of Revolutionary Wealth, a theory put forward by Alvin Toffler, author of Future Shock. For those born roughly between 1980 and the early years of 2000, their parents raised them with beliefs and a schooling experience suited for the Second Wave, the Industrial Era. 
It is possible that the schooling of this last generation of the 20th century made them unsuited for the economy of the 21st Century. The trade-off was of self-directedness for obedience, play for rote work, lateral thinking for conformity, they will be incapable of producing the assets required of the 21st Century economy as outlined in Daniel H.Pink's A Whole New Mind and Stephen R.Covey's The Leader in Me and Howard Gardner's Five Minds for the Future.[http://web.archive.org/web/20081010141205/http://www.howardgardner.com/Papers/documents/ibo%204%2013%2008%202.doc Those who measured their intelligence purely on scholastic aptitudes would focus on developing an aptitude of memorizing and scoring for exams, neglecting other innate abilities they may have. 
Because it takes years to acquire a profession or a mastery of any skill, those born between 1980 and the early 21st century may have lost the window of opportunity to develop talents best suited for their lives.
At the same time, technology use is very unequal thus giving people from certain parts of the world the advantage of leapfrogging in front of others in their own mastery of their talents by leveraging on the tools and information of the Internet. For instance, a middle-class 12-year-old in Taiwan, Korea, Japan or even Singapore would have the advantage of growing up being able to take high-speed Internet for granted and being able to afford a laptop of their own apart from electronic toys. These children would work on their competency in technology use, being able to keep abreast while acquiring the skills of knowledge gathering on the Internet and learning through trial and error how to validate, leverage and problem solve with that knowledge.
Also, by familiarizing themselves early in life with the tools of collaboration (wikis, bookmarking, forums), communication (Skype, Google Wave, Twitter) and social media, they will gain the maturity by the time they are in their late teens to know the difference between risky and beneficial behavior when interacting in a transparent world.
There are so many things in place that is creating the conditions of M-society. Reading What Google Would Do [http://www.harpercollins.com/books/9780061709715/What_Would_Google_Do/index.aspx] by Jeff Jarvis and Alvin Toffler's Revolutionary Wealth would give you an idea how dramatic the disruption to our economy in the 21st Century is going to be. The people who can make sense out of this chaos possess particular aptitudes, qualities and knowledge honed over their childhood and youth. 
It is not difficult to imagine as we move towards customization and become a prosumer society those who do not have the skills or knowledge to produce something of value to society will fall into great economic desperation. A child without an education from 20th century schooling but who spent their childhood being self-directed, thinking, exploring and creating may end up with a huge advantage over a child who sees work not as creation but as hardship and who has been conditioned to see learning as memorization to score for a piece of degree.
As the 21st century societies move towards a world where transparency, trust, credibility, ethics, peace, equality and design are highly valued, there is an expectation of other members to contribute same. For the majority of people born in the last decades of the 20th century, learning is not about self-directedness or about making the world a better place. Learning was about scoring for exams and defeating others often unfairly in order to get ahead in life. As the pace of learning and change increases for those who have the skills they may not be able to make time for or associate with people who do not possess the same abilities. The divide between the haves and have-nots will be about the distribution of knowledge and skills. These knowledge and skills propel further wealth-creation for the 5 Minds of the Future. 
This income inequality a different idea than one where people "reserve entitlements" and places for their children and the children of people in their networks. While crony-ism and "the old boy's network" still exists, a new, more powerful form of networking is quickly forming, the Wisdom of Crowds made up of individuals, not unlike the individuals making up Wikipedia, who will form the face of 21st Century Revolution. These networks place a high premium on meritocracy, integrity, self-directedness, creativity and transparency. They will share and teach those like themselves, within their networks and virtual and face to face communities with or without money as their motivation. 
As the pace of information change picks up more speed through those interactions, it gets harder and harder to learn anything new without possessing the Learning how to Learn skills. For those with beliefs from the Industrial Age, doing things for free or learning for the sake of learning does not make sense. This belief will perpetrate the barriers to learning they have erected for themselves. In a future world where Free is a new business model [http://www.wired.com/techbiz/it/magazine/16-03/ff_free#] – the value of affluence may shift from physical money to perceived exchanges of contribution or value from a community/individual.
This and other knowledge of forces transforming the way we understood the idea of money and society in the 20th century may determine how the will and directedness of the demographics shaping the M-society of today will lay the launchpad buy the advantages to catapult the next generation further higher on the ascending curve.
The world in 2009.
The income-inequality is measured by the so-called Gini coefficient (between value of 0 and 1), with 0.2 and below generally considered being most equal and 0.6 or above being most unequal, with 0.4 being the “red warning line”. 
The people on the bottom half of this income-inequality will experience a deterioration in living standard. They may face unemployment or lower salaries. Gradually, they can only live a way the lower classes live: e.g. take buses instead of driving their own car, cut their budget for meals instead of dining at better restaurants, spend less in consumer goods, etc.
In a development in the China Post on Sept 4, 2008 [http://www.chinapost.com.tw/taiwan/%20business/2008/09/04/173105/M-shape-society.htm] reported that in TAIPEI, Taiwan—their society has moved further toward becoming an M-shaped society in 2007, with both the highest and lowest income-earning segments in the country growing to new 
highs, according to a government statistical report released Tuesday. 
The report authored by the Cabinet-level Directorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics (DGBAS) said that the number of people with an annual income of at least NT$2 million (US$63,091) broke the 100,000-mark for the first time last year to hit a record high of 101,554. 
On the other hand, the number of people who earned less than NT$200,000 in 2007 reached 1.23 million, a five-year high, the DGBAS report said. While only 0.8 out of every 100 local residents earned NT$2 million or more last year, the number of those in this “rich men’s club” increased by 11,308, or 12.5 percent, from the year-earlier level. Meanwhile, 7,072 more people had annual incomes of less than NT$200,000 than in 2007, a 0.5 percent year-on-year rise. It marked the second consecutive year that the number of people in the lowest income-earning group increased. 
Noting that the growing gap between rich and poor is a general world trend, a DGBAS official said Taiwan was no exception. 
When Taiwan’s 7.41 million households were divided into 10 tiers based on annual income in 2007, the richest 740,000 households had disposable income of about NT$1.67 million, roughly 5.2 times the NT$320,000 average disposable income of the bottom 740,000 households, the official said. 
“The gap was the third highest, second only to 2001’s 5.33 times and 2002 and 2006’s 5.25 times,” the official added.
There may be still remarkable progress in economic development, the GNP may still rise, there may still be economic growth, and the national average salary may still rise. However, the wealth increase in this growth may concentrate in the pockets of the very few rich people in the society. The masses indeed cannot benefit from the growth, and their living standard is on the decline.
Also the most prevalent behaviour that is contributing to the income gap is consumerism. With social media and globalisation, everyone is more connected than ever, thus enabling a certain product to reach its mass presence easier. This is especially true for big corporation with huge budget for advertising & marketing. By conditioning everyone's mind to only buy things that depreciate (lifestyle products), not many will buy assets that will grow in value. By shifting consumers mindset through advertisement, mass market will instinctly follow what is termed to be normal. For example, gold has true value but due to its high cost, jewellery producers mixed cheaper metals in it and market it (associate it) as the most expensive jewelery (i.e. white gold).
In reality, what is happening is mass market will continue to buy and contribute to the wealth of a few. These few will continue to reinvest and the money will continue to stay within the rich. Even if you are a well-to-do middle income now, if you continue to buy non-value items, by the time you lose your income source (old, retrenched, disabled, bad luck), you will become poor as you will have no savings. Such trend is common in well-developed countries, where assets that will make you rich (e.g. property) has already become too expensive to be bought. A privilege only for the rich. So, instead of saving to buy such assets, mass market has choose to ignore them but continue to buy lifestyle consumer items.
Influence.
This notion became a hotly discussed topic in Japan. And as Ohmae's book was translated into Chinese version, it also became a hotly discussed topic in Taiwan, and later in Hong Kong. 
In Hong Kong, there are scholars, intellectuals and social-scientists arguing whether the conditions of Hong Kong fits the notion Ohmae put forward: e.g. diminishing social mobility and upward social ladder, the general income-decline and threat of unemployment of the middle-classes, the change of competition rules for social advancement (such as pursuit for better schools) in which status advancement is no longer based on merits or achievements, but on other certain criteria such as family wealth or background. The lives of the lower classes seem more miserable than the past even when there is still economic progress and rise in the GDP. It has become a concern for the government as the income gap between the lower classes and the upper classes has been widening in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="9727217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727217" title="Armidale Airport">
Armidale Airport

Armidale Airport is an airport serving Armidale, a city in the Australian state of New South Wales. It is located southwest of the town centre, on the New England Highway. The airport is operated by the Armidale Dumaresq Shire Council.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has two runways: 05/23 with an asphalt surface measuring and 09/27 with a grassed gravel surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
QantasLink operates up to five services a day using Q300 aircraft. It is expected that in the future, selected services may be operated by Q400 aircraft.
Previous airlines.
East-West Airlines operated from Sydney and Brisbane to Armidale from 1949 until 1988 when the routes were taken over by Eastern Australia Airlines (then a subsidiary of Australian Airlines, now a subsidiary of Qantas).
Hazelton Airlines, an affiliate of Ansett Australia, operated between Sydney and Armidale from 1989 until the company collapsed in 2002.
Impulse Airlines operated services to Sydney and Brisbane from 1994 until it was taken over by Qantas in 2001.
Regional Express Airlines operated to Sydney in competition with QantasLink between 2004 and 2006, however the airline withdrew the services citing a lack of demand on the loss making route.
A Tamworth-Armidale-Brisbane route was served by QantasLink until 2002, when the service was taken over by MacAir Airlines until January 2003, after which time it was operated by Sunshine Express Airlines before the company ceased scheduled flying in 2006. Brindabella Airlines commenced Armidale-Brisbane flights in August 2011 using Metroliner commuter planes, however this service was discontinued in June 2012. The decision to withdraw from Armidale and Albury made national headlines as it was widely reported the airline's reasons included an expected increase operating costs due to the implementation of the controversial Carbon pricing scheme by the Gillard Government set to become effective the following month.
Armidale was one of the 20 destinations looked at by Virgin Australia for services to Sydney using Embraer jet aircraft. To date no formal announcement has been made by the company regarding any future services to Armidale.
Airport upgrade.
The Armidale Dumaresq Shire Council has a number of upgrades to the airport currently in progress, with much of the funding for the works promised by Member for New England Barnaby Joyce during the 2013 Australian federal election campaign. Previously the council had unsuccessfully submitted a proposal to the Regional Development Australia Fund in 2012 for $2.45 million in funding to allow upgrades to the airport terminal, security screening and apron areas, as well as resurfacing the runway, construction of a parallel taxiway and upgrading the airport's lighting. When complete the works will increase capacity, allowing the airport to handle 70 seat aircraft such as the Bombardier Q400 operated by QantasLink and potentially attract new airlines such as Virgin Australia, operating ATR 72 type aircraft through its regional subsidiaries.
Statistics.
Armidale Airport was ranked 45th in Australia for the number of revenue passengers served in financial year 2012-2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9727221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727221" title="Coltrane Jazz">
Coltrane Jazz

Coltrane Jazz is the sixth album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1961 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1354. It marks the first appearance of the early John Coltrane Quartet on record, featuring pianist McCoy Tyner and drummer Elvin Jones.
Background.
In 1959, Miles Davis' business manager Harold Lovett negotiated a contract for Coltrane with Atlantic, the terms including a $7000 annual guarantee. After having recorded most of "Giant Steps", Coltrane started having bridge problems, and did not return to a recording studio for six months. In the late fall, he employed the rhythm section from the Miles Davis Quintet for two Atlantic sessions, which yielded the bulk of this album and the track "Naima" for "Giant Steps". "Like Sonny" is a tribute to colleague Sonny Rollins, whose playing Coltrane greatly admired.
Having left the Davis band for good in the spring of 1960, Coltrane formed his first touring quartet for a residency at the Jazz Gallery club in Manhattan, eventually settling on the line-up of Tyner, Jones, and bassist Steve Davis in September. This group entered the studio on October 21, recording "Village Blues" at the beginning of the week of sessions that produced "My Favorite Things".
On June 20, 2000, Rhino Records reissued "Coltrane Jazz" as part of its Atlantic 50th Anniversary Jazz Gallery series. Included were four bonus tracks, two of which had appeared in 1975 on the Atlantic compilation "Alternate Takes", the remaining pair earlier issued on "" in 1995. Two bonus tracks, the alternate versions of "Like Sonny," had been recorded at the March 26, 1959 sessions that were not used for "Giant Steps."

</doc>
<doc id="9727226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727226" title="Murder of Hannah Foster">
Murder of Hannah Foster

Hannah Foster (31 August 1985 – 14 March 2003) was a 17-year-old British student who was kidnapped, raped and murdered after a night out in Southampton in March 2003. Foster was murdered by an Indian immigrant Maninder Pal Singh Kohli. Her body was found in nearby West End, two days after she disappeared in Southampton.
Murder.
Hannah Foster was a promising A-Level student from Southampton, who had been preparing to study medicine at university. On 14 March 2003, she went out in Southampton with a friend for a few drinks. Her friend got the bus home, while Hannah decided to walk the half-mile to her home in Hampshire. Indian native, sandwich delivery man Maninder Pal Singh Kohli, was cruising the area in his white van. He snatched Hannah as she walked. Having been grabbed by Kohli, and bundled into his van, Foster secretly made a call to emergency services in the hope they would realise she was in trouble. On the 999 tape, Foster can be heard speaking to a man with an Asian accent. The tape was played during the later trial at Winchester Crown Court on Wednesday 15 October 2008. Foster's body was found in bushes in a country lane just outside Southampton two days later. A post-mortem examination revealed she had been raped and strangled.
Kohli fled to India shortly after Foster's body was found. He was soon identified by investigators as a prime suspect in the case. After Indian police failed to apprehend Kohli, Foster's parents personally went to India and made a public appeal for information of his whereabouts. During their 10-day visit, Foster's parents held a series of press conferences as well as opening a telephone "hotline". Their visit soon became a subject of high interest in the Indian press, and Kohli was arrested five days after their arrival. Hampshire police announced a reward of INR 5,000,000 to anyone whose clues led to the arrest of Kohli. Kohli's wife in England, and brother, a policeman in India, denied his involvement in the murder.
The key to the arrest of Kohli was information from taxi driver Jason Lepcha, hired by Kohli partly because of his understanding of English. Lepcha received a reward of INR 367,000. He used all this money to establish a school in Hannah's name. When visiting Darjeeling in 2006, Hannah's parents unwittingly hired Lepcha as their driver, and heard his story. On their return to England, they worked with others to set up a registered charity in memory of Hannah which supports Lepcha's school.
Arrest and trial.
Kohli was arrested on 15 July 2004 in West Bengal's Darjeeling district while trying to flee to Nepal. While in police custody, Kohli stated he was "tired of running". On 28 July 2004, Kohli admitted to having raped and murdered Foster in an interview to a private television channel. Confessing to his crime, Kohli said that he was forced to kill Foster after raping her because she refused to cover up his crime. In August 2004, he retracted his confessional statement saying it was "not by my own will".
Kohli was held in judicial custody in India pending extradition to the United Kingdom; a final decision to extradite him to the UK was handed down on 8 June 2007. On 28 July 2007 Kohli arrived in the UK after being extradited. Kohli was charged with the murder, kidnap, and rape of Hannah Foster after landing at Heathrow, following his extradition from India. He was also charged with manslaughter, false imprisonment, and perverting the course of justice. On 10 December 2007, Kohli entered a plea of not guilty to the charges of kidnapping, rape and murder at Winchester Crown Court. However, on 25 November 2008 he was convicted of all charges and sentenced to 'life' in prison.
Sentence.
On 25 November 2008, Kohli, then aged 41, was found guilty of all charges at Winchester Crown Court and sentenced to life imprisonment, with a recommended minimum term of 24 years, less two years for time already served in the UK on remand. Hannah's family expressed their disappointment in the sentence, hoping that the killer would spend the rest of his life in prison. 
Under the trial judge's recommendation, Kohli is expected to remain in prison until at least 2030 and the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="9727229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727229" title="Kirkkonummi railway station">
Kirkkonummi railway station

Kirkkonummi railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Kirkkonummi, Finland, between Siuntio railway station and Tolsa railway station.
Kirkkonummi railway station is served by long-distance trains between Helsinki Central railway station and Turku Central railway station (except VR Class Sm3 "Pendolino" trains), and by the VR commuter rail lines Y, S, U and L. Track 1 serves trains going to Turku, and local trains S, U and L. Track 2 serves trains coming from Turku, and local trains to Helsinki. Track 3 only serves local trains.

</doc>
<doc id="9727253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727253" title="Loyola College Prep">
Loyola College Prep

Loyola College Prep is a private Catholic coeducational high school in Shreveport, Louisiana operated by the Diocese of Shreveport [http://www.dioshpt.org/.
History.
Originally a high school for boys, St. John Berchmans College opened on November 2, 1902, by the Rev. John Francis O'Connor, S.J. (1848 - 1911), of the New Orleans Province [http://www.norprov.org/] of the Society of Jesus (Jesuits). O'Connor was invited by Bishop Anthony Durier of the Diocese of Natchitoches to establish a new church and a high school for boys in Shreveport. The school was first located on the north side of the 1500 block of Texas Avenue, and moved to its present location on Jordan Street in 1938 as St. John’s High School.
St. John's was a full-time military school during the World War II years. In 1960 the school's name was changed to Jesuit High School. In 1973 the Board of Trustees hired the first lay principal, Robert Henry Ernst (b. 1922), who served until 1985 (12 years), which has been the longest tenure by a principal in the school's history. The Jesuits relinquished control of the school in 1982 to the Diocese of Alexandria-Shreveport, and the school took on its present name in honor of Ignatius of Loyola, the founder of the Jesuits. Girls were admitted to Loyola for the first time in 1987. St. Vincent's Academy, a Catholic high school for girls, closed in 1988. In 2005, Loyola temporarily admitted nearly 200 displaced students from several Catholic high schools damaged by Hurricane Katrina in south Louisiana.
The current faculty member with the longest service is Mike Mawhinney, who has taught at the school since 1976. However, Gerald W. Johnson has had the longest tenure in the school's history with a notable 46 years of service before his retirement in 2009. Johnson also served as Prefect of Discipline, assistant principal and as principal from 1986 to 1989. The previous record of 45 years of teaching was held by Frank J. Cicero, who retired in 1995. Cicero also coached football for 16 years and baseball for 27 years. The current Flyer baseball field is named Frank Cicero Field in his honor.
Facilities.
The major structures on the Jordan Street campus are a three level classroom building constructed in two phases - the first (western) half of the high school, including a cafeteria, was completed in 1938, and the second (eastern) half was completed in 1949 [http://www.caddohistory.com/saint_john_cathedral.html]; a four level classroom building that opened in 1929 as a residence hall for Jesuit priests; a gymnasium (built in 1952 and extensively renovated in 2011, it is the oldest school gymnasium in the city) including boys' dressing rooms; a girls' dressing room building (1987); and the single story Anderson building used for various administrative offices.
The Loyola Athletic Complex opened in 2002. It is located on Clyde Fant Memorial Parkway and includes Messmer Stadium (football, soccer and lacrosse), Cicero Field (baseball), St. Vincent’s Field (softball) and the Flyer Field House.
Academics.
Loyola announced in 2008 that eight juniors were named as National Merit Scholars, the highest number in the school's history. Ten students won awards (including three first-place awards) at the 2008 Louisiana State Rally held April 19 at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. [http://appl003.lsu.edu/slas/recruitweb.nsf/$Content/State+Rally+Results?OpenDocument
Loyola won the Sweepstakes Award for Division III schools participating in the 2007 Northwest Louisiana High School Literary Rally, held at Northwestern State University on March 32. Eleven students won awards (including two first-place awards) at the Louisiana State Rally held April 21 at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. [http://www.nsula.edu/news/rally21.htm]
Loyola was named on the Acton Institute's first Catholic High School Honor Roll (2004). Membership is limited to the top 50 Catholic schools in the United States. This honor roll recognizes those schools that best maintain high academic standards, uphold their Catholic identities, and prepare students to actively engage the world.[http://www.chshonor.org/index.php]
Loyola graduation requirements include the completion of 100 hours of community service with an approved non-profit organization or project dedicated to helping individuals with special needs.[http://www.loyolaprep.org/service.htm]
Regular student print publications are the newspaper, "The Flyer", and the annual yearbook, "Flight". The communications office produces the electronic "E-Flyer" and "ParentFlyer."
Sports.
The school has won state championships in the LHSAA in football, boys soccer, baseball, golf, girls basketball, cross country and tennis. In 2010-11, Loyola won the state championship in girls cross country. In 2011-12, Loyola won state championships in girls basketball, golf and tennis. Loyola has also won state titles in two club sports—lacrosse and inline hockey. Athletic teams are known as the Flyers and the mascot is Snoopy from the "Peanuts" comic strip by Charles M. Schulz. Loyola received permission in 1966 by Schulz to use Snoopy as its mascot and remains the only school so honored. [http://www.loyolaprep.org/alumni/eflyer/eflyer48.htm]
Historic seals.
The two wolves and cauldron in the first two seals are from St. Ignatius Loyola's family crest and symbolizes generosity, having enough to give to the wolves. The pelican feeding its young with her own blood is an ancient symbol of Christianity (Christ feeding the Church with his body and blood through the Eucharist).

</doc>
<doc id="9727256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727256" title="Przytul mnie mocno">
Przytul mnie mocno

"Przytul mnie mocno" ("Hold me tight") was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in Polish by Mietek Szcześniak.
The song is a ballad, with Szcześniak asking his lover to "Hold me tight and turn the ice into snowflakes". He claims to be amazed that the two of them are together, but sings that they must remain so for as long as they can.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following the Netherlands' Marlayne with "One Good Reason" and preceding Iceland's Selma with "All Out of Luck". At the close of voting, it had received 17 points, placing 18th in a field of 23.
Prior to the 2000 contest, the decision was taken to restrict participation to the countries with the best average scores, a group which did not include Poland. As a "passive participant" (a country broadcasting but not participating in the Contest), however, Poland was re-admitted the following year. Thus, the song was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2001 contest by Piasek with "2 Long".

</doc>
<doc id="9727298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727298" title="First Love Letter">
First Love Letter

First Love Letter is a 1991 Indian film directed by Shiva. It stars Vivek Mushran and Manisha Koirala and Chunky Pandey.
Soundtrack.
 

</doc>
<doc id="9727306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727306" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mandeville">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mandeville

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mandeville (erected 15 April 1991, as the Vicariate Apostolic of Mandeville) is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica. It was elevated on 21 November 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9727342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727342" title="Colleen Patrick-Goudreau">
Colleen Patrick-Goudreau

Colleen Patrick-Goudreau (born March 8, 1970 in Westfield, New Jersey) is an American writer, activist, public speaker, and cooking instructor. Having earned a master’s degree in English Literature from Seton Hall University, Patrick-Goudreau uses her writing and communication skills to advocate veganism as a means by which to prevent cruelty to animals.
Professional background.
A speaker and writer, Patrick-Goudreau is the author of several popular books, including "The Joy of Vegan Baking", which won "VegNews" magazine’s “Cookbook of the Year” Award, "The Vegan Table", and "Color Me Vegan", which was released December 2010. Her first non-cookbook, "The Vegan's Daily Companion: 365 Days of Tips and Inspiration for Cooking, Eating, and Living Compassionately", was released in 2011. These four books were published by Rockport Publishing. 
A fifth book entitled "The 30-Day Vegan Challenge: The Ultimate Guide to Eating Cleaner, Getting Leaner, and Living Compassionately" has been published by Random House/Ballantine Books. It is now solely a multimedia online program called The 30-Day Vegan Challenge. 
Her sixth book, "On Being Vegan", was released in April 2013, published by Montali Press.
Patrick-Goudreau also produces a popular podcast called "Vegetarian Food for Thought," including some video podcasts and produced a cooking DVD, "Vegetarian Cooking with Compassionate Cooks," which grew out of her Oakland, California-based cooking classes.
Until 2011, Patrick-Goudreau had been a long-time columnist for VegNews Magazine with her popular column VegGuru. She has appeared on The Food Network and is a contributor to "Perspectives," the editorial program produced by her local NPR affiliate KQED-FM. She also publishes two newsletters, "Food For Thought" and "Soup to Nuts". 
Patrick-Goudreau has published dozens of articles and essays in a variety of publications. In addition, Patrick-Goudreau is a contributor to "The Christian Science Monitor". 
Having been dubbed the Vegan Martha Stewart, Patrick-Goudreau has been profiled in a number of newspapers, magazines, and journals, including The Oregonian, Planet Green, and Vegan Nutritionista, amongst many others.
Patrick-Goudreau is an ardent supporter of rescued animal sanctuaries, such as Farm Sanctuary, and in many photographs she can be seen with animals she has come to love over the years.
Patrick-Goudreau was one of several people who provided information used in the writing of the book "Striking at the Roots: A Practical Guide to Animal Activism" (2008) by Mark Hawthorne.
Personal background.
Patrick-Goudreau first stopped eating land animals when she was 19, inspired by "Diet for a New America" by John Robbins and later became vegan after reading "Slaughterhouse" by Gail Eisnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="9727351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727351" title="Aurukun Airport">
Aurukun Airport

Aurukun Airport is an airport in Aurukun, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9727358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727358" title="East Doncaster Secondary College">
East Doncaster Secondary College

East Doncaster Secondary College (EDSC) is a government high school in the Melbourne suburb of Doncaster East. It is located on George Street and was established in 1974. Its current principal is John Handley. East Doncaster Secondary College is a co-educational school and has over 1500 students. This school teaches from Year 7 up to Year 12. 
Grounds, buildings and facilities.
The school is split into five different blocks, each one with a three digit number with the first number being the block it is assigned to. 
The "100 block" hosts a myriad of subjects, but is the only block that hosts music classes. The "100 block" consists of 6 classrooms, three of them hosting computer facilities, and one of them dedicated to the performing arts. It is the oldest block on the campus.
The "200 block" is dedicated to visual arts, and contains ceramics, media and art facilities. It is the second oldest block on the campus.
The "300" block is dedicated to technology and science. It contains a physics lab, two woodworking rooms, and multiple chemistry labs. It was built in 2007 during the renovation of the 400 block.
The "400 block" formerly hosted science subjects and contained the school's chemistry labs, but now hosts Textile and Food Technology classes, and is also where the majority of Year 7 classes take place. The change happened in 2007 when the building was renovated.
The "500" block is not dedicated to any specific classes, and consists of portables that have been permanently placed.
The school also has a block that is not numbered called "The John Landy Centre", which is dedicated for VCE students. It is used to host school functions, as well as any Year 11 or 12 classes. Rooms inside are designated with the prefix "JL".
The school's grounds also consists of an oval, 3 tennis courts, an indoor and outdoor basketball court, as well as two quadrangles for congregation purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="9727366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727366" title="Can't Be Saved">
Can't Be Saved

"Can't Be Saved" is the second single from Senses Fail's second album, "Still Searching". The music video was first introduced through AOL Music on May 22, 2007. 
The song is included as a playable track in the video game .
This song is also included in the hit game Tap Tap Revenge 2 for iPod Touch and iPhone.
The song was featured on Senses Fail's greatest hits album, Follow Your Bliss.
Music video.
The music video, which revolves around a male high school student, begins with a presumably English teacher handing out a failing grade to the protagonist. Subsequently, he is shown being suspended from his lacrosse team. The video then displays shots of the athlete studying with a fellow student among clips of the athlete's presumed girlfriend and typical friends. The athlete begins to warm up to his student tutor, also male, despite social boundaries and the next paper handed to the protagonist displays a grade of "B+". The video concludes with a beach bonfire party, where the athlete and his student tutor are shown kissing each other in a secluded location.
The video was filmed at Canyon Crest Academy, a high school in San Diego, California.
External links.
doesn't work
Also, Blue from Dungeon Addicts Steam chat cannot be saved.

</doc>
<doc id="9727390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727390" title="Toijala railway station">
Toijala railway station

Toijala railway station (; ) is located in the Toijala district of the town of Akaa, Finland.
The station is located at a crossing point of three different railway tracks: from Riihimäki to Tampere, from Turku to Toijala, and from Toijala to Valkeakoski. Originally, all three tracks served both personnel and cargo traffic, but personnel traffic to Valkeakoski was discontinued in 1956. Nowadays, all passenger trains between Helsinki and Tampere, except Pendolino trains, and all trains from Turku to Tampere and on towards Oulu and Pieksämäki stop at Toijala. Toijala also serves InterCity and InterCity² trains and local trains.

</doc>
<doc id="9727406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727406" title="SKUP Award">
SKUP Award

The SKUP Award is a Norwegian journalism award.
It is awarded once a year, first in 1990, by The Norwegian Foundation for a Free and Investigative Press (SKUP, "Stiftelsen for en Kritisk og Undersøkende Presse").

</doc>
<doc id="9727429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727429" title="The Avant-Garde (album)">
The Avant-Garde (album)

The Avant-Garde is an album credited to jazz musicians John Coltrane and Don Cherry, released in 1966 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1451. It features Coltrane playing the compositions of Ornette Coleman accompanied by the members of Coleman's quartet: Cherry, Charlie Haden and Ed Blackwell. It is assembled from unissued results of two separate recording sessions at the Atlantic Studios in New York City in 1960. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Atlantic, like Prestige before it, used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval. This is the last known album by John Coltrane in this category, and only the second collaboration in this category of recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="9727462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727462" title="Louise de Coligny">
Louise de Coligny

Louise de Coligny (23 September 1555 – 9 November 1620) was the daughter of Gaspard II de Coligny and Charlotte de Laval and the fourth and last spouse of William the Silent.
Biography.
Louise was born at Châtillon-sur-Loing. Her parents saw to it that she received a humanist education. 
When she was seventeen, she married Charles de Teligny. Both he and her father were murdered at the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre. Like her murdered father, she was a French Huguenot and after the massacre, she spent ten years in the Swiss Confederacy. 
She then married William the Silent on 24 April 1583. She became the mother of Frederick Henry in 1584, William's fourth legitimate son and future prince of Orange. It is said that she warned her husband about Balthasar Gérard, because she thought him sinister. Gérard murdered William in 1584.
After her husband was murdered, she raised both her son and his six daughters from his third marriage to Charlotte of Bourbon. During her life she remained an advocate for Protestantism and she corresponded with many important figures of that time, like Elizabeth I of England, Henry IV of France, Marie de' Medici and Philippe de Mornay, as well as with her many stepchildren. She died at Fontainebleau.

</doc>
<doc id="9727469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727469" title="2 Long">
2 Long

"2 Long" was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed in English (the first time the Polish entry had not been performed monolingually in Polish) by Andrzej Piaseczny (Piasek).
The song is an up-tempo number, influenced by urban music. Piasek sings from the perspective of a man whose lover is leaving him because he has been unfaithful towards her (he describes himself as "a faker"). As she prepares to do so, however, he confesses his true feelings and explains that "Life's too short, it would be a crime" if they did not remain together. Piasek entered the stage wearing a brown fur coat, which he discarded almost immediately, to reveal a navy blue T-Shirt. He was accompanied by three female backing singers.
The song was performed eighteenth on the night (following Slovenia's Nuša Derenda with "Energy" and preceding Germany's Michelle with "Wer Liebe Lebt"). At the close of voting, it had received 11 points, placing 20th in a field of 23.
Prior to the 2002 Contest, the decision was taken to restrict entry to the best-performed countries of 2001, a group which did not include Poland. As a "Passive Participant" (a country broadcasting but not taking part in the Contest), Poland was re-admitted the following year. Thus, the song was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2003 Contest by Ich Troje with "Keine Grenzen-Żadnych granic".

</doc>
<doc id="9727478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727478" title="Astrophytum asterias">
Astrophytum asterias

Astrophytum asterias is a species of cactus in the genus "Astrophytum", and is native to small parts of Texas in the United States and Mexico. Common names include Sand Dollar Cactus, Sea Urchin Cactus, Star Cactus and Star Peyote.
Description.
"A. asterias" is small, round, spineless and squat, reaching a height of and a diameter of . The disc-shaped body is divided into 7 - 10 sections, known as ribs; in the middle of each rib there are woolly areoles. The body is a greenish-brown colour and may appear speckled from its covering of white scales (trichomes). The flowers of this cactus are yellow with red bases and the outer parts are very woolly. Green to pink oval fruits are produced; the outside coat is covered with woolly hairs.
Biology.
Reproduction takes place via sexual outcrossing through cross-pollination; star cacti reach sexual maturity after a few years, when they have attained 2 – 3 cm in diameter. Flowers are produced from March to June (the summer season in its native habitat) and fruiting occurs from April to June; the specific pollinators have not been identified but are thought to be insects.
Distribution and habitat.
Star cactus is native to the lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States and the states of Nuevo León and Tamaulipas in Mexico, to the east of the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range.
Previously more abundant, this species is today restricted to a single 200-acre site in Texas, where there are around 2,000 individuals, and a few small sites in Tamaulipas. Today this species is associated with thorn scrub, amongst rocky ground; it may have previously occupied richer, flat grasslands that have since been developed. It has probably been extirpated from Nuevo León.
Cultivation.
Sand Dollar Cactus has been grown as a houseplant since the 1840s, like other members of its genus and despite its rarity in the wild. It is readily propagated from seed, so most plants encountered in nurseries are seed grown. The popularity of this species among collectors and enthusiasts has ensured that a number of cultivars are available. One such cultivar is the 'Super Kabuto',a clonally propagated variety whose large trichomes congregate into dense spots, arranged in a striking pattern.
Conservation.
As with certain other slowly maturing cacti, "A. asterias" is listed as endangered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, vulnerable on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List, and critically imperiled by The Nature Conservancy. listed on Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), meaning that international trade in wild-collected specimens is prohibited. Despite this protection, illegal collection continues to threaten the future of this species. and its decline in the wild has been largely attributed to over-collection and poaching. It is sometimes accidentally harvested due to its similarity to the closely related and coexisting Peyote ("Lophophora williamsii"). Other contributing factors are thought to be urban development and herbicides. Habitat destruction has been, and remains, the major cause of the decline in this species; vast areas have been converted to agricultural use and road construction. In Texas, mechanical and chemical bush clearing techniques together with the introduction of invasive grasses have had devastating effects.
The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service have drafted a Recovery Plan in an attempt to secure the future of this species. The Recovery Plan highlights the need to protect existing populations, carry out research into possible new populations and to develop a formal conservation agreement between the United States and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9727494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727494" title="David Wemyss, 4th Earl of Wemyss">
David Wemyss, 4th Earl of Wemyss

David Wemyss, 4th Earl of Wemyss (29 April 1678 – 15 March 1720) son of James Wemyss, Lord Burntisland and Margaret Wemyss, 3rd Countess of Wemyss (1659–1705).
In his 41 years Earl Wemyss married three times:
Entered parliament on 28 June 1705, and was the same year sworn of the privy council. He was one of the commissioners for the treaty of Union with England. In 1706 he was appointed High Admiral of Scotland, and this office having been abolished at the Union, he was then constituted Vice Admiral of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="9727495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727495" title="Floridablanca, Santander">
Floridablanca, Santander

Floridablanca () is a municipality in the department of Santander. It is part of the metropolitean area of Bucaramanga. Floridablanca is known for its parks and the Piedra del Sol, a large rock with spirals and circles carved by the Guane over 1,000 years ago.
History.
First settlers: The actual territory was occupied by cacique Guane in the prehispanic era as Bucaramanga and Piedecuesta. Guanes used to inhabit the zone, but is improbable that there were important human centers because of the war zone.
Demography.
According to official DANE census, Floridablanca has 262165 inhabitants, being the second most populated city in Santander. 47,37% are men, while 52,63% are women. 95,6% of the population over 5 years know how to write and read, meaning, illiteracy rate is about 4,4%.
Statistics show that most of the adult people living in the city are from Bucaramanga:
Schools.
Some of the schools located in Floridablanca.
External links.
Floridablanca Municipal Website [http://www.floridablanca.gov.co/site/index.php]

</doc>
<doc id="9727497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727497" title="Badu Island Airport">
Badu Island Airport

Badu Island Airport is an airport on Badu Island, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9727504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727504" title="Edburga of Minster-in-Thanet">
Edburga of Minster-in-Thanet

Saint Edburga of Minster-in-Thanet (also known as Eadburh and Bugga) was a royal princess, the only daughter of King Centwine and Queen Engyth of Wessex in the 8th century of the Kent royal family and a saint in the Catholic Church. 
Life.
Edburga was a friend and student of Saint Mildred and regularly corresponded to Saint Boniface. 
She became a Benedictine nun and the Abbess of The Minster-in-Thanet Abbey in 716. She succeeded Mildred as the abbess. 
During her time as an abbess she was able to secure royal charters for the abbey as well as having a new church built there.

</doc>
<doc id="9727518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727518" title="2005 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2005 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2005 Pacific Life Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played between March 10 and March 12, 2005 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The champion of the tournament was Washington, which received the Pac-10's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. The Most Outstanding Player was Salim Stoudamire of Arizona.
Seeds.
The top eight Pacific 10 schools play in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.
References.
2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide pages 50–60 (PDF copy available at 2007–08 Pac-10 Men's Basketball Media Guide)

</doc>
<doc id="9727542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727542" title="Riffraff (1936 film)">
Riffraff (1936 film)

Riffraff is a 1936 film starring Jean Harlow and Spencer Tracy. The movie was written by Frances Marion, Anita Loos, and H. W. Hannaford, and directed by J. Walter Ruben.
Plot.
Spencer Tracy plays a rough and tough fisherman ("Dutch" Mueller), who leads in a strike with his fellow Fishery workers against the "fat-cat" owners of a Tuna cannery. The love interest Hattie (Jean Harlow), is also a Tuna cannery worker.
Her character has a tough exterior with her "bombshell" good looks.
Jimmie (Mickey Rooney) plays a teenager, who is the Uncle of the two youngest children. They all live with; "Pops" (Roger Imhof), Hattie and his Aunt Lil (Una Merkel) together in the same small, apartment-like "shack" on the wharf.
Aunt 'Lil runs the home.
The thuggish cannery owner, Nick Lewis (Joseph Calliea), is also trying to romance Hattie with his money & gifts. He has wealth, Dutch does not. Hattie falls for Dutch in the end but this antagonism creates many struggles throughout the film.
Pete (William Newell) is a family friend along with many colorful characters in the movie.
The movie explores some cutting edge sub-themes that were socially current at the time of its release in 1936 release. Some scenes involve a woman having a baby while in prison, a hobo camp deep in the woods showing vagabonds, as well as worker strike scenes on the docks in the story.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $717,000 in the US and $330,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $63,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9727571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727571" title="Dan Buckley">
Dan Buckley

Dan Buckley is an American writer and editor of comic books, known for his work on books published by Marvel Comics, where he was made publisher in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9727597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727597" title="Bethany Dillon (album)">
Bethany Dillon (album)

Bethany Dillon is the self-titled debut album from Bethany Dillon. It was released on April 20, 2004.
Awards.
On 2005, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 36th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9727618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727618" title="Robert Allen Dyer">
Robert Allen Dyer

Robert Allen Dyer (21 September 1900 Pietermaritzburg - 26 October 1987 Johannesburg) was a South African botanist and taxonomist, working particularly on Amaryllidaceae and succulent plants, contributing to and editing of "Bothalia" and "Flowering Plants of Africa" and holding the office of Director of the Botanical Research Institute in Pretoria from 1944 to 1963.
Education and career.
Attended Michaelhouse and Natal University College 1919-1923, obtaining the degrees of M.Sc. in 1923 and D.Sc. in 1937. Appointed as assistant to Selmar Schonland in Grahamstown in 1925, as well as curator of the Albany Museum Herbarium. After doing a three-year stint (1931-1934) as liaison officer with the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, he was transferred to the National Herbarium in Pretoria. Here he became Chief and subsequently Director from 1944 to 1963. He revived the Botanical Survey Section and started the Pretoria National Botanic Garden, as well as editing "Bothalia", "The Flowering Plants of Africa", "Memoirs of the Botanical Survey of South Africa", and launching the "Flora of Southern Africa". After retiring in 1963, he continued working at the Institute, devoting his time to producing "Genera of Southern African Flowering Plants". His last major work dealt with "Ceropegia", "Brachystelma" and "Riocreuxia" and appeared in Flora of Southern Africa in 1981. In all, he produced some 450 publications.
His greatest contributions were in the field of plant taxonomy and he published extensively in "Flowering Plants of Africa" and "Bothalia". Commemorated in the genus "Radyera" Bullock, "Aridaria dyeri" N.E.Br. and "Hereroa dyeri" L.Bol. His collected botanical specimens number over 6000 and are lodged in Pretoria, Grahamstown, Kew and the Bolus Herbarium.

</doc>
<doc id="9727624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727624" title="Keine Grenzen – Żadnych granic">
Keine Grenzen – Żadnych granic

"Keine Grenzen - Żadnych granic" (English translation: "No Borders") was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in German, Polish and Russian by Ich Troje.
The song is a dramatic ballad, in which the singers express their desire to be astronauts, gazing down from space at the earth. As well as the beauty of the spectacle, they sing that from that distance it is impossible to see borders, flags and warfare. The theme of the need for peace is underscored by the multilingual lyrics, in which Polish is performed alongside the languages of two neighbouring states which have historically fought with Poland. (The song received the maximum 12 points from Germany but none from Russia.)
The song was performed twentieth on the night (following France's Louisa Baïleche with "Monts et merveilles" and preceding Latvia's F.L.Y. with "Hello From Mars"). At the close of voting, it had received 90 points, placing 7th in a field of 26 - Poland's most successful result since their second-place on debut in 1994 with "To nie ja!".
It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 2004 Contest by Blue Café with "Love Song".

</doc>
<doc id="9727631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727631" title="Francis Derwent Wood">
Francis Derwent Wood

Francis Derwent Wood (Keswick 1871–1926 London) was a British sculptor.
Biography.
Early life.
Wood studied in Germany and returned to London in 1887 to work under Edouard Lanteri and Sir Thomas Brock; he taught at the Glasgow School of Art from 1897 through to 1905 and was professor of sculpture at the Royal College of Art from 1918 through to 1923. He was elected to the Royal Academy in 1920. He produced a good deal of architectural sculpture typical of the time, including four large roof figures for the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum in Glasgow, the British Linen Bank also in Glasgow, and the Britannic House in London for architect Sir Edwin Lutyens. Freestanding sculptures by him may also be seen in various galleries, such as his 1907 "Atalanta" (Manchester Art Gallery with a bronze cast of it now in Chelsea Embankment Gardens [http://yourarchives.nationalarchives.gov.uk/index.php?title=Wood%2C_Francis_Derwent_(1871-1926)_sculptor).
World War One.
When he was too old (at 41) to enlist in the Army at the onset of World War I, Wood volunteered in the hospital wards and his exposure to the gruesome injuries inflicted by the new war's weapons eventually led him to open a special clinic: the Masks for Facial Disfigurement Department, located in the Third London General Hospital, Wandsworth. Instead of the rubber masks used conventionally, Wood constructed masks of thin metal, sculpted to match the portraits of the men in their pre-war normality. Just as had been happening with soldiers operated upon with the recent advances in plastic surgery, Wood's masks provided each with a renewed self-confidence, even self-respect, though they often proved uncomfortable. Face wounds were known to be the most devastating. By hiding the wounds behind the mask, the young men were able to return to relationships with their families and friends.
Each mask required many weeks of work on the part of Woods, and other surgeons who followed his lead. A plaster cast was taken of the subject's wounded face - but only after the wounds and subsequent surgeries had totally healed. The crude process was itself a trial. The plaster cast was used to make a squeeze of plastocene or clay. This disfigured bust was used as the foundation of all prosthetic restorative work, with the sculptor working to replace the missing components of the face with the shapes from the opposing side. The mask itself was made from a thin copper sheet - galvanized copper to facilitate painting after forming. Painting a realistic portrait onto the copper mask was as challenging as the sculpting: each was finished while the patient wore it, in order to most accurately match the tone of the flesh with the enamels.
The ward stayed open only two years, from 1917 to 1919. There is no record of the exact number of masks made, but it must have been several hundred: a tiny drop among the more than 20,000 wounded in the face. His earnest efforts may not have helped statistically, but they influenced the lives of those he helped dramatically.
Post-war.
He produced a representation of The Crucified Soldier called "Canada's Golgotha" in 1919, which caused a diplomatic flap between the Canadian and German governments. His "Machine Gun Corps Memorial" at Hyde Park Corner was also controversial. Wood died in London in 1926 at the age of fifty-five. His grave can be found at St Michael's Church, Amberly village, West Sussex England.
References and notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="9727634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727634" title="Tayeb Abdallah">
Tayeb Abdallah

Al-Tayeb Abdallah (died February 24, 2007) was a former Sudanese president of the Sudanese football (soccer) club Al-Hilal (Omdurman).
Career at Al Hilal.
Abdallah started his career at Al Hilal as vice secretary of the club in 1963. After great organizational skills, Abdallah was appointed as secretary then president in 1968. In 1999 after spending 30 years with Al Hilal, Abdallah decided to step down due to his medical conditions.
Medical Conditions.
Abdallah had undergone a surgical operation in Egypt . Soon after that, he died on February 24, 2007 leaving a great legacy as the longest president of a sports club in Sudan. He was nicknamed as "Al-zaeem", (the Leader), and "The Spiritual Father of Al Hilal" since he was greatly respected throughout the whole sports community in Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="9727640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727640" title="Blind fish">
Blind fish

A blind fish is a fish without functional eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="9727671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727671" title="Sebhel">
Sebhel

Sebhel (also Sib'il, Sebaail, Sebeel, ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon. Its population is Maronite Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="9727692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727692" title="Northern Peninsula Airport">
Northern Peninsula Airport

Northern Peninsula Airport is an airport serving Bamaga, a town near the northern tip of the Cape York Peninsula and is located southeast of Injinoo in Queensland, Australia. The airport is operated by the Northern Peninsula Area Regional Council. It was previously known as Bamaga Airport or Bamaga/Injinoo Airport and used the ICAO code YBAM.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has one runway designated 13/31 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9727695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727695" title="On-call room">
On-call room

An on-call room, sometimes referred to as the doctors' mess, is a room in a hospital with either a couch or a bunkbed intended for staff to rest in while they are on call or due to be. 
In the European Community, the 2003 extension of the working time directive to junior doctors and the ruling that on-call time counts as working hours has resulted in the introduction of shift work for hospital medical staff, thereby eliminating the requirements for on-call rooms. 
A similar change in hospital working hours was implemented in the USA in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9727708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727708" title="The Sons">
The Sons

The Sons is a collection of stories by Franz Kafka.
In 1913 Kafka wrote to his publisher Kurt Wolff requesting that three of his stories be placed in a single volume:
""The Stoker", "The Metamorphosis", and "The Judgment" belong together, both inwardly and outwardly. There is an obvious connection among the three, and, even more important, a secret one, for which reason I would be reluctant to forgo the chance of having them published together in a book, which might be called The Sons."
The volume, published by Schocken Books, also includes Kafka's "Letter to His Father", which could be seen as another "son story", in this case located somewhere between fiction and autobiography.

</doc>
<doc id="9727744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727744" title="Barcaldine Airport">
Barcaldine Airport

Barcaldine Airport is an airport in Barcaldine, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9727748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727748" title="Coral island">
Coral island

A coral island is a type of island formed from coral detritus and associated organic material. They occur in tropical and sub-tropical areas, typically as part of coral reefs which have grown to cover a far larger area under the sea.
Formation.
Islands develop from coral reefs through one of two processes, uplift and accretion.
In uplift, part or all of the coral reef becomes land as a result of the earth's crust rising above sea level.
In accretion, rocks and sand are layered on top of coral reefs during cyclonic storms, and the gradual accumulation of other solid material through the action of wind and waves leads to the development of the island. The process is later enhanced with the remains of plant life which grows on the island.
Where coral islands form from atoll reefs, the result is an island or string of islands in a roughly circular form, surrounding a shallow lagoon.
Distribution.
Most of the world's coral islands are in the Pacific Ocean. The American territories of Jarvis, Baker and Howland Islands are clear examples of coral islands. Also, some of the islands belonging to Kiribati are considered coral islands and majority of Tahiti
Many coral islands are small and not high above sea level, so are at threat from cyclones, storms and rising sea levels. 

</doc>
<doc id="9727758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727758" title="Birchwood, New Zealand">
Birchwood, New Zealand

Birchwood is a locality in the Southland Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is situated west of Ohai and Nightcaps, and north of Tuatapere and Orawia, with the nearest State Highway in Ohai.
Birchwood was once the terminus of a private railway line run by the Ohai Railway Board, an extension of the Wairio Branch. The 19 km line from Wairio to Birchwood ran via Ohai and opened in 1934. The section from Ohai to Birchwood had been closed by the time the section from Wairio to Ohai was incorporated into the national network in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9727763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727763" title="Kushiro-shitsugen National Park">
Kushiro-shitsugen National Park

Kushiro-shitsugen (Kushiro Wetlands or Kushiro Swamp, Marshland) covers an area of on the Kushiro Plain (Kushiro-heiya) and contains the largest tracts of reedbeds in Japan. The Kushiro River (), which originates in Lake Kussharo, meanders through much of the park. During the Ramsar Convention of 1980, in which Japan participated, the park was first registered as a peatland with raised bogs. In 1967, the wetlands ("shitsugen") themselves had been designated as a national natural monument. For that reason, access is strictly limited and the landscape, most typical of Hokkaido, has been preserved.
Wildlife.
Reeds, sedges, peat moss wetlands, black alder thickets, rivers which bend freely back and forth, groups of lakes and marshes, and other wet ecosystems comprise a varied environment. Kushiro-shitsugen is home to over 600 species of plants. The park is a valuable haven for wild species such as the Red-crowned Crane ("Grus japonensis"), huchen ("Hucho perryi"), Siberian salamander ("Salamandrella keyserlingii") and dragonfly ("Leucorrhinia intermedia ijimai").

</doc>
<doc id="9727775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727775" title="Cuban heel">
Cuban heel

Cuban heel may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="9727783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727783" title="List of Chicago hardcore punk bands">
List of Chicago hardcore punk bands

This is a list of notable hardcore punk bands from Chicago, Illinois and its surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9727813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727813" title="Bathurst Airport (New South Wales)">
Bathurst Airport (New South Wales)

Bathurst Airport is an airport serving Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia.
Located in the Central Tablelands, Bathurst Airport is served by one airline, Regional Express Airlines (Rex). The airports history dates to just prior the Second World War when local politicians campaigned for an airport for Bathurst. The war prompted the Federal Government to establish the aerodrome during the war years, immediately following the war commercial air services commenced with passenger flights to Sydney. Today several flying schools operate at the airport and it is used frequently by trainee pilots during their navigation training. There are no landing charges for aircraft under which makes it a popular option as a destination for many pilots, mostly trainee pilots from Bankstown and Camden Airports in the Sydney Basin.
The airport has two primary runways: one sealed and one brown gravel (with large grass area either side of gravel). The airport also has one secondary runway used for glider traffic. The sealed runway, taxiway and apron have lighting facilities which are pilot-activated.
There were 8,000 landings in 2010 which include recreational flying, business jets, charters, regular passenger flights, emergency services, and Air Force flights. The airport is owned, managed and maintained by the Bathurst Regional Council.
Facilities.
Navigational aids
History.
On 2 December 1920 (predating the airport's opening) one of the earliest flights to land in Bathurst arrived with mail from Sydney. The aircraft, owned by the Bathurst Aviation Service Company, landed on a paddock at Kelso.
The airport's history starts between 1937 and 1939 when the municipal council investigated several sites considered suitable for an aerodrome. What finally forced the federal government to act on a site was the Second World War; in 1942 a military airfield was opened at Raglan to take overflow traffic and aircraft parking from the overcrowded Richmond Air Base in Sydney's west.
A chronological list of events that document the development of the airport are listed below;
The local PJ Moodie Bathurst Aero Club and the PJ Moodie Memorial Drive into the airport facilities are memorials to Alderman PJ Moodie who campaigned constantly for an airfield to be built at Bathurst.
Airlines and airport users.
Regional Express.
Regional Express Airlines (REX) flies Bathurst to Sydney three times daily. The airline is based in Wagga Wagga with its major NSW hub in Sydney. REX flies Saab 340, 34 seat turboprop aircraft on the Bathurst route.
Charter air services.
Several companies provide charter services from the Bathurst Airport including; Panorama Airways and Smartair
Bathurst Aero Club.
Bathurst Aero Club is a social club and training business founded in 1938 which has a club house beside the passenger terminal. The club has regular fly days and cross country excursions.
Flying training.
Several flying schools operate from the Bathurst Regional Airport
Australian Air Force Cadets.
No. 328 Squadron of Number 3 Wing Australian Air Force Cadets (AAFC) is based at the Bathurst Regional Airport, parades and training sessions are held in rooms located in the Airport grounds. Squadrons from around NSW converge on Bathurst for gliding training during school holidays at four, two-week gliding courses each year operating primarily on the grass 17/35 strip and the grass on either side of the gravel 08/26 runway.

</doc>
<doc id="9727825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727825" title="Banshū-Akō Station">
Banshū-Akō Station

Banshū-Akō is a terminal station for almost all Akō Line trains; this is the western terminus for trains from Himeji and JR Kobe Line, and the eastern terminus for trains bound for Okayama Station.

</doc>
<doc id="9727843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727843" title="Bedourie Airport">
Bedourie Airport

Bedourie Airport is an airport in Bedourie, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9727849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727849" title="Imagination (Bethany Dillon album)">
Imagination (Bethany Dillon album)

Imagination is the second studio album released by Bethany Dillon. It was released on August 16, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9727857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727857" title="Divisional court">
Divisional court

Divisional court may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9727879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727879" title="WebPC">
WebPC

The WebPC was a short-lived personal computer designed by Dell Computer for the consumer market. The computer was designed to make it easy for home users to connect to the Internet. A small form factor machine, the WebPC was an early system in a class known as legacy-free PCs.
Specifications and price.
The system was originally introduced in 1999. Available in prices ranging from $999 through $2,399 USD. Its cheapest configuration was a 433-MHz Intel Celeron processor, Microsoft Windows 98, 64 MB of system RAM, a 4 GB hard disk, a 15-inch CRT monitor, a year's worth of Internet service and a Hewlett-Packard printer for $999 USD. In a move remotely mimicking the iMac, Dell also offered the WebPC in different colors, however the colors only were accents on the case; the majority of the case remained black.
In 2000, Dell offered upgraded models of the WebPC, featuring processors up to a Pentium III at 600 MHz, 10/100 Ethernet built in (previous models included only a 56K modem), a bundled flat panel display, and larger hard disks up to 20 GB.
The system's case was extremely compact. The CD-ROM or DVD-ROM drive was a laptop-type unit with a custom bezel, but its internal IDE hard disk drive was a standard 3.5" drive.The system also made use of Mini PCI, another standard typically found on laptop computers, for its communications card. It did however use standard SDRAM modules for memory. The case measured only 6 inches wide, 10.7 inches high, 10.1 inches deep and weighed a maximum of about 12 pounds. It also featured a unique "e-support" button that caused the computer to run diagnostic tests and also allowed quick access to online technical support.
Discontinuation.
In July 2000, Dell discontinued production of the WebPC. WebPC computers are rarely seen today, however they have been known to appear on eBay.

</doc>
<doc id="9727891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727891" title="Caroline Mary Luard">
Caroline Mary Luard

Caroline Mary Luard (died 24 August 1908) was the victim of an unsolved murder known as the Seal Chart Murder after she was mysteriously shot and killed at an isolated summerhouse in a heavily wooded area near Ightham, Kent. Her husband, Major-General Luard, later committed suicide. It has since been suggested that John Dickman, who was hanged for killing a passenger on a train in 1910 may have been involved in her death.
Background.
Caroline Luard was born Caroline Mary Hartley in the last quarter of 1850 in Egremont, Cumberland, youngest daughter of Thomas Hartley of Gillfoot. In the summer of 1875 she married Charles Edward Luard and had two sons by him – Charles Elmhirst Luard, born in August 1876, and Eric Dalbiac Luard, who was born in April 1878. Elmhirst was the surname of Charles Luard’s mother, while Dalbiac referred back to Charles’s ancestor, Captain Peter John Luard, who had married Louisa Dalbiac in about 1783. 
Charles Edward Luard was born in Edinburgh in 1839 and was therefore eleven years older than his wife. At the time of his birth his father, Robert Luard, was a Captain in the Royal Artillery. Like many in his family, Luard was a professional soldier and had retired with the rank of Major-General in the Royal Engineers. He had done so despite an incident during his career that might have ruined his chances of promotion. This related to the defeat of British forces by the Zulu at the Battle of Isandhlwana in 1879, a reversal that was largely blamed on Colonel Anthony Durnford. However, it was rumoured that Durnford’s orders had been stolen from his body after the battle in order to absolve Lieutenant-General Frederic Thesiger, 2nd Baron Chelmsford, and other senior officers of incompetence. 
The fight to re-establish Durnford's reputation was led by his brother, Edward Durnford, his fiancée, Miss Frances Ellen Colenso, daughter of John William Colenso, Bishop of Natal, and Charles Edward Luard. Luard made himself party to a letter writing campaign, accusing fellow officers of a conspiracy to blacken Durnford’s name. He was subsequently court martialled and censured for his actions. 
Luard had entered the army in 1857 and, in 1867, was executive officer in London during the Fenian disturbances. In the same year he wrote to the Commissioner of the City Police with a report on the defensive state of Newgate Gaol following a visit there in the company of the Commissioner and the City Architect. The letter included a sketch plan for rebuilding part of the prison wall.
He was involved in building the Household Cavalry barracks in Windsor and the United Services Recreation Ground in Portsmouth. It is also said that he devised the scheme for the rearmament of Gibraltar. He served in Bermuda and Corfu as well as in Gibraltar and Natal. At the time of the 1881 Census he was living in Wymering, Hampshire with his wife and two young sons and a staff consisting of a cook, a parlour maid and a nurse. Six years later he retired, and in 1888, moved to a house named Ightham Knoll just outside the village of Ightham near Sevenoaks in Kent. 
Luard served as a Kent County Councillor and was also made a Justice of the Peace. He became a Governor of Shipbourne School, close to his home, where he also performed the role of Local Inspector of Art and Drawing. In January 1899, he published a leaflet entitled ‘An Association of the Managers and Governors of Schools for the Working Classes in the United Kingdom’, being a proposal for the establishment of such an association. 
In 1901 he was heavily involved in the establishment of the Society of Miniature Rifle Clubs. This was because the Boer War had shown the vulnerability of the British Army to mere farmers who were able to shoot accurately from long distances. This led to Luard and Earl Roberts recommending that working men should be able to shoot a rifle, so that Britain could defend itself against invasion.
Luard also formed the Patriotic Party in 1907. His wife involved herself in charity work in the neighbourhood. It would be no exaggeration to say that they were pillars of late-Victorian society. 
Both of the Luards' sons joined the British Army; tragically, both died young as a result of their service. Eric Luard died in 1903 while still in his mid-twenties from a fever contracted while on service in Africa. His brother, Charles, died in France in September 1914.
The murder.
On 24 August 1908, at about 2.30pm, Major-General Luard and his wife left their home and went for a walk with their dog. According to Major-General Luard’s account, they had two very different purposes. He wished to retrieve his golf clubs from the clubhouse at Godden Green Golf Club prior to a holiday that he and his wife were intending to take, while Mrs Luard merely wanted to take some exercise before returning home where she was expecting a Mrs Stewart, wife of a local solicitor, for afternoon tea.
Accordingly, having walked about a mile from their home, along the road that passed close to St Lawrence's Church and the associated school, at 3.00pm they parted ways at a wicket gate. This gate let on to a path that led to a ‘bungalow summer house’ known as ‘La Casa’ which was owned by the Luards’ neighbours, the Wilkinsons of Frankfield House, and which both families were accustomed to use from time to time. Beyond the summer house was a path through the woods which would allow Mrs Luard to return home in good time for her visitor.
Major-General Luard, meanwhile, set off in the direction of the Golf Course and was seen at various times during the next hour. At 3.20pm he was seen by Thomas Durrand at Hall Farm. Between 3.25 and 3.30pm Major-General Luard was observed by a labourer some 400 yards from the golf links, and again, by the same man, between 3.35 and 3.40pm. At 3.35pm he was seen by the Golf Club Steward, on the links.
Having collected his clubs, at 4.05pm Major-General Luard met the local vicar, Rev. A. B. Cotton who was in his motor car and apparently driving in the opposite direction. Cotton nevertheless took Luard's golf clubs, presumably to save him the trouble of carrying them any further and in the expectation of returning shortly in the right direction. This occurred at 4.20pm when Rev. Cotton stopped to pick up Luard, depositing him and his golf clubs at Ightham Knoll at around 4.25pm.
At home Major-General Luard found Mrs. Stewart still awaiting the return of Mrs Luard. Consequently, Luard set off in search of his wife by the woodland route, at approximately 4.30pm, and eventually found her, at about 5.15pm, on the verandah of the summer house which was otherwise locked and empty. She had been shot in the head and her three rings and purse were missing. No cartridges were found at the scene, merely some “disappearing footprints”. 
The time of Mrs Luard's murder was estimated to be 3.15pm, when Major-General Luard was walking towards the Golf Clubhouse. Three shots were heard at about that time by two witnesses – Annie Wickham (55), a long-standing local resident and wife of a coachman, and Daniel Kettel (58), a gardener. Annie claimed the shots came from the direction of the summer house. She was at the Wilkinson's home at Frankfield House at the time – about 500 yards from the summer house.
The aftermath.
Scotland Yard was immediately involved in the investigation and two bloodhounds, named Sceptre and Solferino, owned by a Major Richardson of Stratford-upon-Avon, were brought in to sniff out the route by which the killer had made his escape. However, the trail apparently went cold at the main road.
The initial inquest hearing into Mrs Luard's death was held at Ightham Knoll, the Luard’s own home, on 26 August 1908. Dr Mansfield, who had carried out the post-mortem examination of Mrs Luard, reported that she had initially been hit on the back of the head and that the blow had been of sufficient force to knock her to the ground, where she had vomited. Her killer had then shot her behind her right ear, with a second shot being fired into her left cheek. 
Prior to the inquest Luard had been encouraged to write an account of the events of the afternoon of 24 August, about which he was questioned at some length. In describing his discovery of his wife’s body he stated that, ‘I then examined her dress and found that it was torn. Her pocket at the back of the skirt had been torn open. One of her gloves, which was lying near, was inside out, as though it had been torn off. She had both gloves on when she left me. I then looked at her hands, and saw that her rings were missing. She wore all her rings on the left hand, and always wore them, except when she washed her hands. One of the rings was over a hundred years old. It was an heirloom given her by her mother. It was of an old design of mounting.’
Luard admitted that he owned three revolvers. However, he claimed to be unable to remember where he kept his ammunition. London gun expert Edwin Churchill stated that, after examining the two bullets, he had concluded that they had come from a .320 revolver, which had been fired when the gun was no more than a few inches away from Mrs Luard's head. He also said that none of Luard's own revolvers would have been capable of firing such bullets, since his guns were all of much smaller calibre. 
The police hoped that the pocket that had been ripped off the dress would lead them to her murderer; however, it was found at Ightham Knoll, on the day before Mrs Luard's funeral, by a maid who was shaking out the sheet in which her body had been carried back to the house from 'La Casa'. It was also hoped that the rings would be sold or pawned and so provide a trail to the murderer, but they were never seen again. 
The inquest resumed a fortnight later at the George & Dragon Inn, Ightham. General Luard was again questioned and was asked by the coroner if he was aware of 'any incident in the life of the deceased or yourself which in your opinion would cause any person to entertain any feelings of revenge or jealously towards either of you?' Luard replied 'No' and said that neither of them had ever received letters suggesting that there had been such an incident. He also denied the allegation that his wife had received a letter prior to her death from someone seeking to make an appointment with her.
Since Mrs Luard's death, a whispering campaign had been under way that suggested that her husband was the murderer and that the theft of her rings was merely a device to throw the police off his track. Now Luard began to receive anonymous letters accusing him of the shooting. The volume of these letters and their vitriolic contents apparently persuaded him that he should leave the district and he advertised the remainder of the lease on Ightham Knoll for sale and made arrangements to have the house's contents put up for auction. In the meantime he was aware that his son, having learnt of his mother's death, was returning from South Africa to be with him and would be arriving in Southampton on 18 September.
Luard was invited to stay with Colonel Charles Edward Warde, the local Member of Parliament and brother of the Chief Constable of Kent, Henry Warde. Colonel Warde collected him at the end of the inquest proceedings on 17 September and drove him to his home, Barham Court, near Wateringbury. In the morning, Luard bathed and breakfasted, and then spent some time writing letters to his son and to Colonel Warde. He then walked to the railway line at Teston, hid in some bushes and jumped in front of the 9.09 train from Maidstone West to Tonbridge. He had pinned a note to his coat saying, 'Whoever finds me take me to Colonel Warde'. 
On hearing of Luard's death, Colonel Warde went to Southampton and broke the news of his father's death to Captain Charles Luard in the cabin of the steamer on which he had just arrived. 
The eventual verdict of the inquest on Mrs Luard was 'murder by person or persons unknown'. Later on, it was determined that General Luard had committed 'suicide while temporarily insane'.
A month later it was reported that an Inspector Jarvis of Scotland Yard had been in Winnipeg for three weeks and expected to apprehend Mrs Luard's murderer at any moment. Jarvis was said to be in Canada, on no salary, purely in the expectation that he would receive the £1,000 reward that was on offer for the killer's arrest. However, no arrest was ever made.
The idea that the murderer was a gypsy, hop-picker or itinerant, with a revolver in his pocket, who was prepared to perpetrate a random killing for the sake of a few rings (of which he would have been unaware until he tore the glove from Mrs Luard's dead hand) is not widely supported. The police seem to have come to the realisation that the killer was known to Mrs Luard, that the crime was planned and that the theft of the rings was an attempt to mislead them about the motive for the murder. 
There has been speculation that the killer was John Dickman who, in 1910, was sentenced to death for the murder of a man named Nisbet on a train in Morpeth. Dickman's conviction was considered unsafe by a number of people, including five of the jury that found him guilty and who later signed a petition calling for him to be reprieved. Sir Sidney Orme Rowan-Hamilton, who was Chief Justice of Bermuda in the 1930s and who wrote a book about the Dickman case in 1914, seems to have been convinced that Dickman murdered Mrs Luard. He believed that she had responded to an advertisement that Dickman had placed in "The Times", asking for financial help, by sending him a cheque. Dickman had subsequently forged this cheque - presumably by changing the amount - and when Mrs Luard discovered this, she contacted him and arranged to meet him without her husband's knowledge.
It has also been claimed that the judge who tried Dickman, the three Appeal Court judges who heard and rejected his appeal, and the Home Secretary, Winston Churchill, who refused to commute his death sentence, were all friends of Major-General Luard and bent on avenging his and his wife's death.
The story of Mrs Luard's death has been fictionalised in a new quick read by British author Minette Walters. The novella "A dreadful murder" was released in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="9727927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727927" title="One-way mirror">
One-way mirror

A one-way mirror, one-way glass, or two-way glass is a mirror that is partially reflective and partially transparent. When one side of the mirror is brightly lit and the other is dark, it allows viewing from the darkened side but not vice versa.
Design.
The glass is coated with, or has encased within, a thin and almost-transparent layer of metal (usually aluminium). The result is a mirrored surface that reflects some light and is penetrated by the rest.
A true one-way mirror does not, and cannot, exist. Light always passes exactly equally in both directions. However, when one side is brightly lit and the other kept dark, the darker side becomes difficult to see from the brightly lit side because it is masked by the much brighter reflection of the lit side. It may be possible to achieve something similar by combining an optical isolator layer with a traditional one-way mirror, which would prevent light coming from one direction.
Use.
A one-way mirror is typically used as an apparently normal mirror in a brightly lit room, with a much darker room on the other side. People on the brightly lit side see their own reflection—it looks like a normal mirror. People on the dark side see through it—it looks like a transparent window. The light from the bright room reflected from the mirror back into the room itself is much greater than the light transmitted from the dark room, overwhelming the small amount of light transmitted from the dark to the bright room; conversely, the light reflected back into the dark side is overwhelmed by the light transmitted from the bright side. This allows a viewer in the dark side to observe the bright room covertly.
When such mirrors are used for one-way observation, the viewing room is kept dark by a darkened curtain or a double door vestibule. These observation rooms have been used in:
Smaller versions are sometimes used in:
There is nowadays a trend for use of glass and even foil based setups of such mirrors in showcase, arts and staging setups, somewhat comparable to Pepper's ghost, in very large dimensions. The second image blended to the scenery in these cases is then either a flat screen or a projection from one or more video beamers raising the illusion that an image is there in free air somewhat behind the mirroring surface. That technique was used at a few public locations (e.g., for creating special effects in live fashion shows). Sometimes the term "holographic display" stands very close even though that sort of device is a totally different category. The image is indeed as flat as the projection that it is based upon. One such commercially available entertainment product is the Musion Eyeliner.
The same type of mirror, when used in an optical instrument, is called a "half-silvered mirror" or beam splitter. Its purpose is quite different: to split a beam of light so that part, usually about half, passes straight through, while the other part is reflected. In a typical scientific application the two resulting beams are made to interfere after traversing different paths. An unusual single-lens reflex camera used a half-silvered mirror to create an image of the scene both in the film plane and in the viewfinder.
The popular psychological research of Obedience by Milgram contained an experiment covertly observing, through a one-way mirror, where the subjects showed different levels of obedience.

</doc>
<doc id="9727932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727932" title="Guardian spirit">
Guardian spirit

Guardian spirit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9727933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727933" title="Therlam">
Therlam

Therlam is a village and Mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Demography.
Therlam Mandal has a population of 59,338 in 2001. Males consists of 29,745 and females 29,593 of the population. The average literacy rate is 48%. Male literacy rate is 62% and that of females 34%.
There are 50 revenue villages and 32 gram panchayats in Therlam mandal.
Assembly constituency.
List of Members of Legislative Assembly:
Panchayats.
There are 32 panchayats in Therlam mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9727943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727943" title="Sierra Youth Football League">
Sierra Youth Football League

The Sierra Youth Football League (SYFL) is a Division II youth football league created in the year 2000 in Reno, Nevada. The league was formed to allow kids of any weight to play football with kids of their own age. The kids are placed on teams based on the high school they are zoned for. This helps them build friendships with the same kids they attend school with now and later in high school. Team names, colors and mascots after based on the area high school, which also helps with community support as well. It is currently the leading league in the Reno/Sparks area. Other teams are in Yerington, Fernley, Fallon in Nevada and Susanville, and Bishop in California.

</doc>
<doc id="9727968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727968" title="The Nation of Ulysses discography">
The Nation of Ulysses discography

Nation of Ulysses was a Washington, D.C.-based band formed in 1988, consisting of Ian Svenonius, James Canty, Steve Gamboa, Steve Kroner, and Tim Green. During the Nation of Ulysses' four years of activity, they released only two full-length albums: "13-Point Program to Destroy America" in 1991 and "Plays Pretty for Baby" in 1992, both released on Dischord Records. After releasing "Plays Pretty for Baby", the band began recording a third full-length album, but Steve Kroner separated from the band before recording was completed. The remaining quartet continued to record, but the group eventually dissolved before the record's completion. In 2000, six songs from those sessions, in addition to four new tracks recorded live, were compiled and released posthumously as "The Embassy Tapes".
In addition to their three-full length albums, the Nation of Ulysses released two vinyl EPs. The first, a self-titled EP, was the band's first official release, but went out of print when the three tracks from it were included in "13-Point Program to Destroy America". Three different tracks were released in 1992 under the title "The Birth of the Ulysses Aesthetic (the synthesis of speed and transformation)". The band were also featured in a number of compilation albums on a variety of record labels.

</doc>
<doc id="9727984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727984" title="Manukau Institute of Technology">
Manukau Institute of Technology

Manukau Institute of Technology (MIT) () is a large institute of technology in Auckland, New Zealand. It is located on two campuses in Otara, 30 minutes from central Auckland and 15 minutes from the central area of Manukau.
Campus.
In addition to the main Manukau campus there are specialised campuses located throughout the city including locations at Newmarket, Auckland CBD, Highbrook Business Park, Pukekohe and Manukau CBD as well as community learning centres within the greater Auckland region.
History.
Manukau Institute of Technology was established in 1970 as Manukau Technical Institute.
In 1999 The University of Auckland and Manukau Institute of Technology formed an alliance to provide students in the greater Manukau area with a wider range of high quality educational opportunities at degree level.
In 2013 a teacher at the institute's School of Creative Writing, Eleanor Catton, won the Man Booker Prize for her novel "The Luminaries".
Partnership.
Manukau Institute of Technology has several key relationships with other institutes including: University of Auckland, Te Wānanga o Aotearoa, Unitec Institute of Technology in New Zealand and Southern Cross University in Australia.
Manukau Institute of Technology and Whitireia Community Polytechnic have worked collaboratively to provide enhanced educational opportunities for Pacific communities in Counties Manukau, Porirua, and in the Pacific since February 2010.
Departments and Faculties.
Faculty of Consumer Services
Faculty of Creative Arts 
Faculty of Nursing and Health Studies
Faculty of Business
Faculty of Education and Social Sciences
Faculty of Engineering and Trades
Centre for Logistics
New Zealand Maritime School
School of Secondary-Tertiary Studies

</doc>
<doc id="9727989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9727989" title="Zayn al-Din al-Amidi">
Zayn al-Din al-Amidi

Zayn al-Din 'Ali ibn Ahmad al-Amidi (; died 712 H/1312 AD) was a blind Arab scholar most known for inventing a system before Braille that allowed him to study and recognize his books. His method involved the use of fruit stones as a reading means for the blind.
Salah al-Din al-Safadi (d. 1362) in his book "Nakt al-Himyan fi Nukat al-'Umyan" (Emptying the pockets for anecdotes about blind people) said in respect to the originality of al-Amidi: "In addition to his knowledge, he used to trade in books. He could pick out the desired volume, touch the book and determine the number of its pages; he would touch the page and determine how many lines it had, the type of script and its color, and he knew the prices of the books".
He lived in what is now Iraq in the fourteenth century.
References.
"Reading by Touch"
http://www.muslimheritage.com/day_life/default.cfm?ArticleID=367&Oldpage=1

</doc>
<doc id="9728001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728001" title="Jalan Senawang–Paroi">
Jalan Senawang–Paroi

Jalan Senawang-Paroi, Federal Route is a federal road in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. 
Route background.
It starts at Paroi and ends at Senawang.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 97 was built under the JKR U4 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 70  km/h.
List of intersections.
Note: The entire length of this road is located within the district of Seremban, Negeri Sembilan.

</doc>
<doc id="9728004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728004" title="Waking Up (Bethany Dillon album)">
Waking Up (Bethany Dillon album)

Waking Up is the third studio album from Bethany Dillon. It was released on April 3, 2007. It contains the singles "the Kingdom", and "When You Love Someone".

</doc>
<doc id="9728008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728008" title="Bardavon 1869 Opera House">
Bardavon 1869 Opera House

The Bardavon 1869 Opera House , in the downtown district of Poughkeepsie, New York, USA, is the oldest continuously-operating theater in New York State. Designed by J.A. Wood, it was built in 1869 and served as a venue for various performing arts, community meetings, and celebrations until 1923; it largely resumed this heritage by becoming a general performing-arts facility in 1976. In the interlude period from 1923 to 1975, it served as a cinema, although there were some live performances, especially vaudeville, during this period. Originally called the Collingwood Opera House after its owner and operator James Collingwood, the theater featured an unusual two-stage dome. Between 1869 and 1921, many notable figures of the day graced the Bardavon's stage, including Sarah Bernhardt and John Barrymore.
History.
The Bardavon was designed by prominent Poughkeepsie architect J. A. Wood and built by James S. Post, the latter notable for designing or erecting architectural structures in the Poughkeepsie central business district and Vassar College. An extensive renovation was undertaken in 1905 and supervised by architect William Beardsley, who also designed the Dutchess County Court House and Attica state prison. The theater was not reopened until January 1, 1923, when it was opened under the new name The Bardavon Theater.
At that time, it was bought by Paramount, and in 1928 a Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ was added. It is most likely the theater where cult film director Edward D. Wood, Jr. served as an usher in his youth, although sources don't often specify the Bardavon by name. In 1947, the theater was further modernized and a movie marquee added. The style of the interior after the renovation has been described as neo-classic.
The venue continued as a cinema up until 1975, when massive redevelopment of the downtown area threatened it with demolition. Sitting where it does, it was near-adjacent to the site of the new Civic Center and a proposed arterial highway project. There were plans to raze the building and use the site for a parking lot. Concerned citizens banded together to save the theater and were successful in getting it named to the National Register of Historic Places on August 20, 1977 — and renamed The Bardavon 1869 Opera House. Since then, over $5 million has been raised and used to partially renovate the Bardavon, which is now in use again as a venue for a broad range of performing arts including theater, dance, music, opera, and other genres.
The Bardavon has been the home of the Hudson Valley Philharmonic for over 40 years. In one notable 1953 performance, former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt provided the narration for Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf"'.

</doc>
<doc id="9728010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728010" title="Vanderbilt, California">
Vanderbilt, California

Vanderbilt was a short-lived gold mining town located in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It existed between 1893 and 1895. At its peak it may have had a population of about 400 people.
Location.
Vanderbilt was located at 35° 19' 38.20" -115° 14' 59.14" (WGS84), which today is part of Mojave National Preserve.
History.
In January, 1891, an Indian named Robert Black struck gold ore on the north slope of the New York Mountains, about 40 miles north of Goffs, California, on the Santa Fé Railway. A mining camp soon was established at nearby Vanderbilt Spring. The discovery of additional gold-rich veins in the fall of 1892 set off a rush to the area. 
By January 1893, 150 people were living at Vanderbilt camp, which contained 50 tents, two stores, one saloon, three restaurants, a lodging house, a blacksmith shop, and a stable. A post office was established in February 1893. In May, W. A. Nash was appointed justice of the peace. Rail service to Manvel, five-miles to the south, commenced that August.
Vanderbilt probably reached its peak in 1894 with a population of about four hundred. The business district contained three saloons; two barbers; a Chinese restaurant and two other eating houses; two meat markets; a stationery and fruit store; one lodging house; two blacksmiths; and three well-stocked general stores. William McFarlane, one of the pioneers of Ivanpah, owned an interest in one of them, in which he ran the post office, and owned a drugstore.
According to Earp Historians, Virgil Earp, famed brother of Wyatt Earp who was also involved in the Gunfight behind the OK Corral, owned the only two-story building in this town. It operated as a hotel and saloon, and according to Allie Earp, Church services and Dances were also held inside.
During 1894 two ten-stamp mills were constructed to serve the two principal mines in the district, the Gold Bronze and Boomerang. At nearly the same time the mills were completed, water was struck in the mines. After hitting water, the character of the ore changed, and being unable to recover the gold in the ore, the mills were shut down. By the end of 1895 most businesses were closed and most of the population had abandoned Vanderbilt.

</doc>
<doc id="9728028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728028" title="Ward Sylvester">
Ward Sylvester

Ward Sylvester is an American entertainment industry producer, manager, promoter, executive and consultant. He has served as President of Pacific Arts Inc., and Personality Productions; Vice President of Columbia Pictures TV and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Sylvester served as a consultant for Group W, MCA and Merv Griffin. 
His television productions include "The Day the Earth Moved", "People Magazine on TV" and "Crimewatch Tonight". Sylvester is mostly known for managing the careers of The Monkees and Bobby Sherman.

</doc>
<doc id="9728035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728035" title="SGR (band)">
SGR (band)

SGR was a ska-core band from Voorhees, New Jersey that formed as a five piece act in 1996, during the United States third wave ska boom. The band's catalog spans four albums (one released on cassette, three others on compact disc), a live recording, and a handful of compilation appearances. The band's last live show took place in June 2007.
History.
The first incarnations of SGR can be traced back to two local southern New Jersey bands during the mid 1990s: Hammonton, NJ ska mainstays The Havoctones and Voorhees, NJ alternative rock band FLOS. Following the breakups of these bands, SGR's members began performing together during the winter of 1996. New members continued to join the band for the next year until it became a thriving eight-piece. In the spring of 1997, SGR recorded "For the Crazy Indian". The eight-song EP was recorded at Milkboy Recording Studio in Philadelphia, PA and released on cassette to positive acclaim from the already well-established southern New Jersey and Philadelphia, PA ska scenes.
After two years of frequent local touring, SGR entered Milkboy Studios in 1999 for a second time to record "Livin' the Good Life," a full-length CD that established the band's unique skacore-influenced sound. Many compared the EP to The Mighty Mighty Bosstones' classic "Question the Answers," and tracks from the release received frequent airplay on 94.1 WYSP's Loud-n-Local Sunday night radio program, then hosted by Mel Toxic. In this same year, SGR began opening frequently for larger ska acts such as Save Ferris, The Urge, Mephiskapheles, and Reel Big Fish.
In 2001 the band signed with independent Philadelphia label, Sonance Records to release two albums. The first, "The Tenby Chase," was released on May 19, 2002 at The Trocadero in Philadelphia, PA. Three months after the album's release, lead singer Frankie C left the band, and was replaced by Matt Skoufalos. The addition of Skoufalos continued the band's trend toward a mellower, more mature, soulful reggae/rock sound, which was met with much controversy among the band's fans.
For the next two years SGR raised its regional profile by touring the northeast, midwest, and southern regions of the United States, opening for ska-influenced bands like Catch 22 (band), Streetlight Manifesto, The Pietasters, and The Toasters. Also during that time the band released its final effort on Sonance Records, an 8-song live album, "Live at The Troc," and organized a large free outdoor concert/voter registration drive called "Rock and Register" at Jack Curtis Stadium in Pennsauken, NJ's Cooper River Park in June 2004.
In many ways, 2005 proved to be the high water mark for the group. SGR independently released its fourth album, "Atomic Pony," to rave reviews during the spring, and then supported it with an ambitious touring schedule throughout the United States and Canada, performing at a number of high-profile regional ska/reggae festivals that year including the Victoria Ska Festival, 3 Floors of Ska, the Ontario Ska Festival, and Ska Weekend. In addition, SGR was featured on September 2005's Ska Is Dead 3 tour. Shortly after in October of that year the band played its final show at Cafe Metropolis in Wilkes-Barre, PA.
Reunion show.
On May 10, 2007 the band posted a blog on its Myspace site confirming rumors of an upcoming reunion show. The show took place on June 1, 2007 at The 449 Room in Trenton, NJ. That night, former lead singer Frankie C performed on stage with the band for the first time in almost five (5) years.
Band members.
Reunion Show Lineup:
Final lineup:
Former members:

</doc>
<doc id="9728040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728040" title="And Both Were Young">
And Both Were Young

And Both Were Young is a novel by Madeleine L'Engle. It tells the story of a girl at boarding school in Switzerland and the relationship she develops with a boy she meets there.
Plot summary.
Flip doesn't think she'll ever fit in at the Swiss boarding school. Besides being homesick for her father and Connecticut, she isn't sophisticated like the other girls, and discussions about boys leave her tongue-tied. Her happiest times are spent apart from the others, sketching or wandering in the mountains.
But the day she's out walking alone and meets a French boy, Paul, things change for Flip. As their relationship grows, so does her self-confidence. Despite her newfound happiness, there are times when Paul seems a stranger to her. And since dating is forbidden except to seniors, their romance must remain a secret. With so many new feelings and obstacles to overcome in her present, can Flip help Paul to confront his troubled past and find a future?
"And Both Were Young" is distinctive among L'Engle's works because she restored some of the original story decades after its original publication. Her first editor softened the relationship between Flip's father and Eunice Jackman. The introduction to the later edition details the changes both at the time and why the author felt it worthwhile to restore her original intent. Philippa Hunter also makes an offstage appearance in "A Severed Wasp" when one of her paintings becomes a plot point.
Main characters.
~ Philippa "Flip" Hunter- A young girl who is being sent to boarding school against her will because of Eunice Jackman
~ Paul Laurens- A French boy who has no memory of his past
~ Mademoiselle Dragonet- Flip's boarding school superintendent
~ Madame Perceval- One of Flip's teachers, and also Paul's aunt
~ Philip Hunter- Flip's frequently absent father
~ Eunice Jackman- A gorgeous widow who is, as Flip says, "lusting after her father"
~ Erna- Erna is one of Flip's friend at the school. Erna believes that her mother doesn't like her and wants to be with Jackie's mom.

</doc>
<doc id="9728050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728050" title="Camilla Dickinson">
Camilla Dickinson

Camilla Dickinson, also published as Camilla (ISBN 0-440-01020-9), is a 1951 novel by Madeleine L'Engle. Camilla Dickinson, a fifteen-year-old New Yorker, narrates an important approximately three-week period of her life in November 1950.
Plot summary.
Camilla Dickinson is fifteen, wants nothing more than to become an astronomer, and is facing significant problems at home. Her mother, Rose, has begun an affair with a man named Jacques. Her mother begs Camilla to keep it a secret, while Camilla's father, Rafferty, asks her to be honest and tell him the truth. Camilla is torn between her loyalty to both parents and begins to realize they are very imperfect people.
To cope with the struggle, Camilla befriends Frank Rowan, her best friend Luisa's older brother. He is understanding of her problems and assists her in accepting her parents flaws. Frank encourages Camilla to define herself, not by her family, but to define herself as who she truly is. The pair share ideas on life, religion and philosophy and begin to form a romantic attachment. Frank's and Luisa's parents fight constantly, and both teenagers are wholly aware that it will most likely end in divorce. The parallels to the Rowans' bad marriage and that of Camilla's parents is a large component of Camilla and Luisa's friendship. Luisa wants to be a psychiatrist when she is an adult, and spends part of the book psychoanalyzing Camilla. Most of this book centers around the idea of growing up and learning how to be deal with hard things. Towards the end of the book, right as Camilla is getting comfortable with the way things are, everything changes again. Frank and Luisa's parents break up, and Frank is forced to suddenly move away with his father. Camilla's parents decide to work on their marriage and go on a European Vacation together,sending Camilla to boarding school while they're gone. While Camilla is heartbroken by the loss of her closest relationships, she uses the inner strength she has gained in the past weeks to deal with the changes in her life.
Main characters.
Camilla Dickinson- The fifteen-year-old narrator.
Rose Dickinson- Camilla's mother, who is having an affair. She is very beautiful but weak, foolish and needy.
Rafferty Dickinson- Camilla's father. He is an architect, serious and cold. But in many ways, he is also weak because he is unable to leave Rose, no matter what she does.
Luisa Rowan- Camilla's best friend. Luisa is strong-willed and very possessive, especially when is comes to Camilla. Her parents are also face serious marital issues.
Frank Rowan- Luisa's older brother who has recently returned from boarding school. He is very philosophical and passionate but is also troubled by his own problems.
Jacques- Rose's lover. He seems very intelligent but also manipulative.
Pompilia Riccoli- Frank's girlfriend.
All of these characters, except for Jacques, appear in the sequel, "A Live Coal in the Sea".
Film adaptation.
An adaptation of the novel that was made into a film written and directed by Cornelia Moore. The drama stars Adelaide Clemens as Camilla Dickinson alongside Gregg Sulkin as Frank Rowan. Cary Elwes and Samantha Mathis as Raferty and Rose Dickinson. Rachel Grate as Pompilia Riccoli, Colby Minifie as Luisa Rowan, Margaret Colin as Mona Rowan, Robert Picardo as Mr. Stephanowski, Salvator Xuereb as Jacques Nissen, and Lenny von Dohlen as Bill Rowan. The project began filming in Spokane, Washington in mid-November 2010.
The official movie site is: camilladickinson.com.
The film premiered on May 20, 2012 at Seattle International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9728082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9728082" title="Thangool Airport">
Thangool Airport

Thangool Airport is an airport in Biloela, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
