<doc id="9829889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829889" title="String Quintet No. 3 (Dvořák)">
String Quintet No. 3 (Dvořák)

The String Quintet in E-flat major, Op. 97, B. 180, was composed by Antonín Dvořák during the summer he spent in Spillville, Iowa in 1893. It is a "Viola Quintet" in that it is scored for string quartet with an extra viola. It was completed in just over a month, immediately after he wrote his "American" String Quartet. Like the Quartet, the Quintet finely captures the inflection of Dvořák's Bohemian idiom with American inspirations.
The String Quintet consists of four movements:

</doc>
<doc id="9829890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829890" title="2006 Davis Cup World Group">
2006 Davis Cup World Group

The World Group was the top group of Davis Cup competition in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9829903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829903" title="Yorke Island Airport">
Yorke Island Airport

Yorke Island Airport is an airport in Yorke Island, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9829963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829963" title="David Fleurival">
David Fleurival

David Fleurival (born 19 February 1984) is a Guadeloupean international footballer who last played as a defensive midfielder for French club Chamois Niortais.
Club career.
He has played at Tours FC where he was the team captain and in Portugal with Boavista F.C..
International career.
Fleurival made his debut for Guadeloupe at the CONCACAF Gold Cup Finals in June 2007 against Haiti. He also played at the 2008 Caribbean Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9829967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829967" title="Krasae Sin District">
Krasae Sin District

Krasae Sin () is a district ("Amphoe") in the northern part of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Sathing Phra of Songkhla Province, Pak Phayun, Bang Kaeo, Khao Chaison, Mueang Phatthalung of Phatthalung Province and Ranot of Songkhla Province again.
The western part of the district is at the shore of the "Thale Luang" and "Thale Noi", the northern parts of the Songkhla Lake.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on February 16, 1978, when the three "tambon" Choeng Sae, Ko Yai and Rong were split off from Ranot district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 4, 1994.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 22 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas within the district, and further 4 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9829992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9829992" title="Paul Lieber">
Paul Lieber

Paul Lieber is an American stage, television, and film actor. He is best known for playing Eric Dorsey in the television series "Barney Miller" in 1980.
He also appeared in other television series including:

</doc>
<doc id="9830022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830022" title="Hugh Trenchard, 3rd Viscount Trenchard">
Hugh Trenchard, 3rd Viscount Trenchard

Hugh Trenchard, 3rd Viscount Trenchard DL (born 12 March 1951) is a British soldier and businessman. In 1987, he succeeded to his father's titles. He is one of the ninety hereditary peers in the House of Lords, elected to remain after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999.
The son of the 2nd Viscount Trenchard and Patricia Bailey, he was educated at Eton College in Berkshire and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1973. Trenchard served in the 4th Battalion, The Royal Green Jackets from 1972 to 1980, reaching the rank of Captain. In 2006, he became Honorary Air Commodore of 600 (City of London) Squadron, Royal Auxiliary Air Force.
Trenchard worked for Kleinwort Benson Ltd from 1973 to 1996, as chief representative in Japan between 1980 and 1985, and as director between 1986 and 1996. For Kleinwort Benson International Incorporated, he was general manager of its Tokyo branch from 1985 to 1988, president from 1988 to 1995 and deputy chairman from 1995 to 1996. He was director of Dover Japan Inc from 1985 to 1987, of ACP Holdings Ltd from 1990 to 1994, of the Japan Securities Dealers' Association as well as of Bond Underwriters' Association of Japan from 1994 to 1995. For the European Business Community in Japan, he was chairman of the securities committee between 1993 and 1995 and vice-chairman of its council in 1995. Trenchard was director of Robert Fleming and Co Ltd from 1996 to 1998, and of Robert Fleming International Ltd from 1998 to 2000. Since 1999, he is director of Berkeley Technology Limited (the former London Pacific Group Limited), since 2005 of Stratton Street PCC Limited and since 2006 of Standon Lordship Ltd. He was further director of AC European Finance Limited from 2001 to 2003 and of Dryden Wealth Management Limited from 2004 to 2005. Since 2001, Trenchard is also chairman of The Dejima Fund Ltd, since 2002 senior advisor of Prudential Financial Inc, and from January to October 2006, as director general of the European Fund and Asset Management Association.
For the Royal Air Force Benevolent Fund, Trenchard was member of council between 1991 and 2003. Since 2003, he is member again as well as chairman. He was member of council of The Japan Society from 1992 to 1993 and from 1995 to 2004. From 1996 to 2000, he was its vice-chairman and from 2000 to 2004 its joint chairman. Between 1987 and 1995, he was also member of the Japan Association of Corporate Executives.
Since 1975, he has been married to Fiona Elizabeth Morrison, daughter of the 2nd Baron Margadale. They have two sons, including his heir Alexander Thomas Trenchard, and two daughters. Lady Trenchard served as High Sheriff of Hertfordshire 2013-2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="9830045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830045" title="Kolpakov">
Kolpakov

Kolpakov (), or Kolpakova (feminine; Колпакова) is a Russian last name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9830047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830047" title="Ranot District">
Ranot District

Ranot () is the northernmost district ("Amphoe") of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand. 
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Sathing Phra, Krasae Sin of Songkhla Province, Mueang Phatthalung, Khuan Khanun of Phatthalung Province, Cha-uat and Hua Sai of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province. To the east is the Gulf of Thailand.
The western part of the district is at the shore of the "Thale Noi", the northern part of the Songkhla Lake.
Etymology.
The name Ranot is actually the Thai corruption of Renut (Jawi: رينوت), its original name in Malay.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 12 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 73 villages ("muban"). There are two subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon") - Ranot covers parts of "tambon" Ranot, and Bo Tru covers parts of "tambon" Bo Tru, Ra Wa and Wat Son. There are further 12 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9830052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830052" title="Chilean tinamou">
Chilean tinamou

The Chilean tinamou ("Nothoprocta perdicaria") is a type of tinamou commonly found in high altitude shrubland in subtropical regions of central Chile.
Taxonomy.
All tinamous are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamou can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamou are the closest living relative of these birds. "Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Subspecies.
The Chilean tinamou has two subspecies as follows:
Distribution and habitat.
The Chilean tinamou can be found in the high altitude shrubland at altitude. This species is native to all of Chile except southern Los Lagos, Tarapacá, Antofagasta, Aisén, and Magallanes y Antarctica Chilena, and can also be found in adjacent areas of Argentina. This tinamou can also be found in arid mountain forests in association with such trees as "Acacia caven", "Porlieria chilensis" and the endangered "Jubaea chilensis". It has been introduced to Easter Island.
Description.
The Chilean tinamou is approximately in length. It is almost tail-less and is stocky in shape. It has a bill that is curved and similar to the California quail. It has thick, short, pale, yellowish legs. It generally walks upright and has "short tail and tail coverts drooping behind legs." The pattern on its upper body looks striped, but is more complex in detail. It has a buffy face with a dark eyeline that is drooping and a small strip on its cheek, with a lighter colored crown. Its neck is brown and its lower neck has dark spots. It has a complex patterns that streak on the side of the chest, which is grey. The Chilean tinamou, just south of the Maule Region, has a brownish chest instead of a grey chest and more and reddish brown stripes on its upperbody and buttocks. For both regions, it has large wings that cover the body when on ground, and when flying the wings appear large and reddish brown underneath. The wings are also rounded.
It has a loud stride whistle that sounds double-syllabled and sounds like ""sweee weee"." When under stress, it releases a lowering series of whistles that sounds like ""swee wee wee wee"" along with fast paced wing sounds.
Behavior.
The females lay 10-12 glossy eggs in a scrape. The male incubates the eggs and raises the chicks. The eggs are covered with feathers when left unattended. Incubation is around 21 days. The chicks are buff with dark stripes, and run soon after hatching and fly when half-grown. Later in life blue or gray spots may appear.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies the Chilean tinamou as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9830057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830057" title="Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 2nd Earl of Shaftesbury">
Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 2nd Earl of Shaftesbury

Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 2nd Earl of Shaftesbury (16 January 1652 – 2 November 1699), known as Lord Ashley from 1672 to 1683, was an English peer and Member of Parliament.
Shaftesbury was the son of Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 1st Earl of Shaftesbury, and Lady Frances Cecil. He was elected to the House of Commons for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in 1673, a seat he held until 1679. In 1683 he succeeded his father in the earldom and entered the House of Lords.
Lord Shaftesbury married Lady Dorothy Manners, daughter of John Manners, 8th Earl of Rutland, in 1669. He died in November 1699, aged 47, and was succeeded in his titles by his son Anthony, who became a noted philosopher and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="9830076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830076" title="Kevatta Sutta">
Kevatta Sutta

The Kevatta Sutta (or Kevaddha) is a Buddhist scripture, one of the texts in the Digha Nikaya (long discourses collection) of the Pali Canon. The scripture takes its name from the householder Kevatta, who invites the Buddha to display various miraculous powers in order to show his spiritual superiority. The Buddha responds by expressing his belief that supernatural powers are not a valid measure of spiritual development, because they can be falsified through the use of charms and spells. 
He goes on to deliver a discourse on virtue, expressing the belief that it is virtuous conduct, rather than supernatural developments, that display the superiority or spiritual development of a teacher. He also states that such practices will give rise to powers greater than those available to practitioners of traditional magic and austerities.
The scripture is significant to the study of Buddhism because it constitutes one of the clearest statements in the scriptures of the Buddha's opposition to the notion of magical power and supernatural abilities as the best indicator of truth or virtue. In setting out such a belief, the Buddha placed himself in opposition to much of the popular religious traditions derived from the Vedas, which often focused on the acquisition of supernatural powers as an ends unto itself, and as a means of measuring spiritual worthiness.

</doc>
<doc id="9830083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830083" title="Lisa Lindgren (American actress)">
Lisa Lindgren (American actress)

Lisa Lindgren (1960–2005) was an American actress, not to be confused with the Swedish actress of the same name. She played Kathy Summers in the soap opera "General Hospital" in 1980 and Cindy Spooner in "Hill Street Blues" in 1981. She also lent her voice to the character Tess Darret in the 1984 "CBS" cartoon series "Pole Position".
She also made guest appearances on "CHiPs", "Joanie Loves Chachi", "Alice", and "The Waltons".

</doc>
<doc id="9830096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830096" title="Brushland tinamou">
Brushland tinamou

The brushland tinamou ("Nothoprocta cinerascens") is a type of Tinamou commonly found in high-altitude dry shrubland in subtropical and tropical regions of southern South America.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Hermann Burmeister first identified the brushland tinamou from a specimen from Tucumán Province, Argentina, in 1860.
Subspecies.
The brushland tinamou has two subspecies as follows:
Description.
The brushland tinamou is approximately in length and weighs . Its upper parts are grey to olive-brown barred with black and prominently streaked with white. Its crown is black, the sides of its head and its throat are white, its lower throat is barred black, its breast is grey spotted with white, and its belly is whitish. Its legs are dark grey. The female is larger and darker.
Range.
This species is native to southeastern Bolivia, northwestern Paraguay and northwestern and central Argentina in South America.
Habitat.
The brushland tinamou prefers to live in dry shrubland up to in altitude. But it can regularly be found as high as , and also in dry savanna, dry grassland, or grassland that is seasonally flooded, and also pastureland and farmland.
Behavior.
The call of the brushland tinamou is a series of seven to ten clear whistled notes that carry, and will be hard as they defend their range of about . They feed off of insects and small animals and some fruit.
Reproduction.
Males attract two to four females and supervise their laying of eggs in the nest, which is typically hidden in brush. Females will leave to find other males and the male will incubate the eggs and raise the chicks.
Conservation.
The brushland tinamou is classified by the IUCN as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9830097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830097" title="Escalier de l'Art">
Escalier de l'Art

L'Escalier de L'Art, also known as the L'Escalier de Saint-Nicolas is a public stairway in Beirut, Lebanon. It is located in the Achrafieh district, providing a pedestrian link between Rue Gouraud and Rue Sursock uphill. Its proximity to the Sursock Museum and the Greek Orthodox Archbishopric of Beirut on Rue Sursock, make the 125 steps and 500 meters span staircase, believed to be the longest in the region, a very popular destination for tourists visiting Beirut.
Open-Air Art Exhibition.
Since 1973, the stairs have been used as an open-air art exhibition site that occurs twice every year. While the official and most known name of the "Montmarte-influenced" stairs is L'Escalier de Saint-Nicolas, the stairs are also referred to as L'Escalier de L'Art due to the numerous Gemayze art exhibitions that take place on the stairs.

</doc>
<doc id="9830103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830103" title="SPYDER">
SPYDER

The SPYDER (Surface-to-air PYthon and DERby) is an advanced anti-aircraft missile system developed by the Israeli company Rafael Advanced Defense Systems, which is fitted atop a Czech Tatra truck. It implements surface-to-air versions of the Python-5 and Derby missiles of the same company.
Rafael Armament Development Authority, the MBT Missile Division and Elta Radar Division of Israel Aircraft Industries have announced the SPYDER surface-to-air PYthon 5 and DERby Air Defence Missile System. Rafael is the prime contractor and IAI the major subcontractor for the SPYDER program.
SPYDER is a low-level quick-reaction surface-to-air missile system capable of engaging aircraft, helicopters, unmanned air vehicles, drones and precision-guided munitions. It provides air defence for fixed assets and for point and area defence for mobile forces in combat areas. Short and Medium Range Mobile Air Defense Systems The Spyder short and medium range mobile air defense systems defend large areas against a wide spectrum of threats, such as attack aircraft, helicopters, bombers, cruise missiles, UAVs and stand- off weapons. Both systems provide excellent protection of valuable assets, as well as first-class defense for forces located in the combat area.
The SPYDER launcher is designed to fire PYthon 5 and DERby surface-to-air missiles.
The SPYDER family ensures protection of high value assets as well as maneuvering combat forces.
Both systems are quickly reaction, all weather, network-centric, multi-launcher, and self-propelled.
SPYDER SR and SPYDER MR are design to engage and destroyed a wide spectrum of threat such as attack aircraft, bombers, helicopters, cruise missiles, UAV, UCAV, stand-off weapons.
SPYDER is a quick reaction medium range missile system that can engage aircraft, helicopters, unmanned air vehicles, drones and precision-guided munitions. It provides air defence for fixed assets and for point and area mobile forces in combat areas. Research that was used to develop the SPYDER was later used to develop the Iron Dome. Test firings of the system by the company were underway as of 2010
Description.
SPYDER Missile System Benefit
SPYDER State-of-the-Art Missiles
The Spyder systems incorporate the most advanced, proven performance air-to-air-missiles: the Python-5 dual waveband imaging infra red (IIR) missile and the Derby active radar beyond visual range (BVR) missile. In the Spyder-MR the missiles are equipped with a booster assembly. The same missiles can also be used for air-to-air missions.
SPYDER-SR Short-Range Surface-To-Air Missile Launcher
The SPYDER-SR (short-range) system has 360° engagement capability and the missiles can be launched from the full-readiness state in less than five seconds from target confirmation. The kill range is from less than 1 km to more than 15 km and at altitudes from a minimum of 20m to a maximum of 9,000m. The system is capable of multi-target simultaneous engagement and also single, multiple and ripple firing, by day and night and in all weathers.
Three SPYDER-SR (short-range) system was displayed for the first time at the Paris Air Show 2005 in Le Bourget.
The command and control unit is developed by Israel Aerospace Industries. It is housed in a truck-mounted shelter with a mounted Elta EL/M-2106 ATAR radar, identification friend or foe (IFF) interrogator and communication equipment. The VHF/UHF communication system is for internal squadron communication and to upper tier command. The Elta EL/M-2106 ATAR 3D surveillance radar can track up to 500 targets simultaneously. The radar has 360° operation and all-weather day and night ability. The radar includes advanced electronic counter-countermeasures (ECCM) to operate in dense hostile electronic warfare environments.
SPYDER-MR Medium-Range Surface-To-Air Missile Launcher
Rafael is developing a medium-range version, SPYDER-MR, which has a range over 35 km at altitudes from 20m to 16 km. SPYDER-MR carries eight missiles while SPYDER-SR has four. SPYDER-MR also has a new IAI/Elta MF-STAR surveillance radar.
In June 2006, SPYDER was selected by the Indian Army. The procurement was finally approved by the approved by the Indian Defence Acquisitions Council in July 2008. A contract worth $1bn for 18 SPYDER systems was awarded to Rafael in September 2008.
It has been suggested that a SPYDER system could be armed with David's Sling missiles, modified with boosters to increase speed at launch and different seekers. The missile could hit targets from 65 feet to 28,000 feet, making the SPYDER-MR a mobile long-range rocket interceptor.
SPYDER Missile System Components
The main components of the SPYDER system are the truck-mounted command and control unit, the missile firing unit with PYthon 5 and DERby missiles, a field service vehicle and missile supply vehicle.
The vehicles are air-conditioned and also provide protection against biological and chemical warfare (BCW). The system is based on a modular design and system maintenance in the field is through very quick module replacement.
SPYDER Operational Performance
The Spyder-SR’s slant launching provides quick-reaction, Lock On Before Launch (LOBL) and Lock On After Launch (LOAL) capabilities, low level protection, whereas the Spyder MR offers medium range target interception through vertical launch. Both systems enable 360º launch within seconds of the target being declared hostile and provide all-weather, multi-launch, net-centric capabilities.
The Spyder ADS features 360º engagement capability, advanced ECCM capabilities, electro-optic observation payload, wireless data link communication and full missile commonality with the air-to-air missiles.
The Spyder’s design is based on a network-centric approach, offering significant operational flexibility.
PYthon 5 And DERby Missile Launcher Modes Of Operation
The system can launch missiles in two modes of operation: lock on before launch (LOBL) and lock on after launch (LOAL). The slant launching method, unlike vertical launch, allows LOBL so the missile's on-board seeker is locked on to the target before launch. The LOBL mode allows the Squadron Commander to confirm the missile is locked on to the designated target prior to launch, gives high kill probability against short-range high-maneuvering targets and enables the engagement of designated targets by add-on optical sensors.
Spyder-SR/MR System Configuration
The Spyder-SR/MR system is an innovatative combination of advanced C4I, high performance radar and Rafael’s state-of-the-art missiles. 
Most of the systems elements are the same in both versions and a standard Spyder battery includes:
SPYDER Command And Control And Mobile Firing Units
A typical SPYDER squadron consists of one mobile command and control unit (CCU) and four mobile firing units (MFU).
The CCU and MFUs each have their own built-in power supplies. The system features an automated computer, assisting the operators in the successful completion of hostile target interceptions in intense battlefield environments. The mobile CCU is equipped with a surveillance radar and two operator stations. There is a radio datalink between the CCU and the four MFUs.
The CCU combines data from the local surveillance radar and from upper tier command and control centers up to 100 km away. There is also provision for receiving air situation pictures from other datalinks.
The air situation picture (ASP) is displayed at the operator's workstation in the command center. When the operator decides to launch, an automatic procedure is initiated. The CCU assigns the target to the appropriate launch unit.
If the target is within acquisition range the missile is launched in LOBL mode. If the target is beyond seeker acquisition range the missile is launched in LOAL mode. The seeker searches for the target and switches to homing phase when the target is acquired.
Both the DERby and the PYthon 5 missiles can operate in LOBL and LOAL modes. The target is destroyed by the warhead blasting on impact or by proximity fuse.
Truck-Mounted Command And Control Unit
The command and control unit is housed in a truck-mounted shelter with a mounted radar, information friend or foe (IFF) interrogator and communication equipment. The VHF/UHF interference-free communication system is for internal squadron communication and to upper tier command.
Elta EL/M 2106 ATAR 3D Surveillance Radar
The Elta EL/M-2106 ATAR active electronically scanned array 3D surveillance radar can simultaneously track up to 60 targets. The radar has 360° operation and all-weather day and night capability. The radar includes advanced electronic counter countermeasures (ECCM) for operation in dense hostile electronic warfare environments.
The ELTA ELM-2016 ATAR Advanced Tactical Acquisition Radar is ELTA's fourth generation of 3D Tactical Air Defense Radar.
The ELM-2106 ATAR system is a 3D, solid state L-band short to medium range tactical radar with AESA Active Electronically Scanned Array in elevation.
The radar detected the variety of low RCS targets such as : low flying fighter aircraft, hovering helicopters, low velocity ultralight aerial, and UAV's.
The radar provide the accurate target measurement of range, azimuth, and elevation angle, differentiating between aircraft and helicopter and classifying the helicopter type based on its blade returns.
Feature of the EL/M-2106 ATAR : 
Truck-Mounted Missile Launcher
SPYDER uses a truck-mounted missile firing unit which is equipped with a communications system and fitted with a 360° rotatable, electro-mechanically operated, turret-based launch unit. The SPYDER-SR launch unit carries any combination of four Python 5 or Derby missiles.
Python 5 Missile
The Python 5 missile is Rafael's new very high agility dogfight air-to-air missile. PYthon 5 is a development of the PYthon 4 with a dual-band focal plane array and imaging infrared (IIR) seeker which gives a very wide field of view.
PYthon 5 retains the same airframe - with pitch and yaw control, delta-shaped canards and two roll control swept fins and the same rocket motor, warhead and fuse - as the PYthon 4 missile. The wide field of view allows LOAL at an angle of more than 100° off boresight. The dual-band seeker gives increased detection range, improved target discrimination against background clutter and a lower false target acquisition rate.
In LOAL mode, the target data is transferred from the command and control unit via the launcher to the missile. The missile's guidance and control systems are active for a three times longer period than for the earlier PYthon, enabling the missile to counter targets making evasive manoeuvres. The high explosive fragmentation warhead is fitted with an active laser proximity fuse.
Derby Missile
The Derby missile is a medium-range, active radar-guided missile originally developed for the air-to-air role. The air defence missile has all-weather and beyond visual range capability.
DERby has a similar body design to the PYthon missile. An active RF radar / infrared seeker, developed by IAI, is installed in the nose of the missile. The missile incorporates an advanced programmable ECCM system. Derby operates in LOBL mode for short-range target engagement and LOAL mode for medium-range engagements.
Export.
India plans to acquire 18 systems at a cost of $415 million (Rs. 1800 crore) for its air force, but the deal was reviewed by the Central Vigilance Commission, the government’s anti-corruption agency. The deal was cleared by the Defence Acquisition Council in August, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9830124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830124" title="Ryōko Ono">
Ryōko Ono


</doc>
<doc id="9830128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830128" title="Planorbidae">
Planorbidae

Planorbidae, common name the ramshorn snails or ram's horn snails, is a family of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
Many of the species in this family have coiled shells that are planispiral, in other words, the shells are more or less coiled flat, rather than having an elevated spire as is the case in most gastropod shells. Although they carry their shell in a way that makes it appear to be dextral, the shell of coiled planorbids is in fact sinistral in coiling, but is carried upside down, which makes it appear to be dextral.
The foot and head of planorbids are rather small, while their thread-like tentacles are relatively long.
For information on what are known as "ramshorn snails" in the aquarium trade, some of which (but not all of which) are planorbids, please see ramshorn snail.
General taxonomic context.
For several taxa, no consensus exists as to whether the taxa should even be assigned to the family Planorbidae. This is certainly the case with the freshwater limpets "Ferrissia", and "Ancylus". Both of these genera have sometimes been assigned to the family Lymnaeidae. Alternatively sometimes each one of them is raised to the level of a family. However, according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005), these genera are currently placed in the tribe Ancylini within the family Planorbidae, and that is the taxonomic system that is followed here.
2005 taxonomy.
According to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005), this family consists of the following subfamilies:
2007 taxonomy for part of the family.
Albrecht et al. (2007) analyzed a limited number of genera of Planorbidae, based on sequences of mitochondrial 18S ribosomal DNA and cytochrome-c oxidase I (COI) genes, and on the basis of the results, they rearranged the taxonomy like this:
"A-clade" sensu Albrecht et al. (2007)
Tribus Bulinini
Tribus Ancylini Rafinesque-Schmaltz, 1815
"B-clade" sensu Albrecht et al. (2007)
Tribus Camptoceratini
Tribus Planorbini
Tribus Segmentinini
"C-Clade" sensu Albrecht et al. (2007)
Cladogram.
The following is a cladogram that shows the phylogenic relationships within the Planorbidae according to Albrecht 2007:
Genera.
The type genus of this family is "Planorbis" Müller. The following list of genera is organized according to the 2005 taxonomy, because Albrecht's 2007 taxonomy is not available for all genera of Planorbidae.
Genera in the family Planorbidae include (subgenera listed according to Glöer (2002):
Subfamily = ? (other genera that are not yet sorted are listed here)
The genus "Camptoceratops" Wenz, 1923 is no longer considered to be a planorbid. It was recognised by Curry (1965, p. 360) as a euthecosomatous pteropod (Heterobranchia) (note by Arie W. Janssen, 092507).
The generic name "Taphius" H. Adams & A. Adams, 1855 is a synonym for "Biomphalaria".
Shell description.
The shells of most species in this family are disk-like or button-like, being coiled in one plane, although several groups have shells that are more higher-spired, and some are limpet-like.
All coiled shell Planorbidae are sinistral in their shell coiling, as is proved by their internal anatomy (the respiratory and the genital orifice are situated on the left side), however the animals carry their shells with what would normally be the ventral (i.e. umbilical) surface uppermost, and because of this, the shells appear to be dextral.
Indeed, formerly planorbids were thought to have dextral shells, and so species of this family were figured as if they had dextral shells. Although it is now understood that these species are sinistral in shell coiling, disk-like Planorbid shells are often still shown in illustrations oriented as if they were dextral.
Most species of coiled planorbids have a rather thin and moderately smooth shell, although more distinct sculpture such as a keel occurs in, and is diagnostic of, certain species. In the flat, keeled species, the whorls tend to overlap.
The aperture has a sharp outer lip. A peristome can be present, but often the lip is not thickened nor reflected. Those planorbid species which have a high-spired shell may have a narrow umbilicus, but frequently this is covered by callus.
In height most species vary between 6 mm and 6 cm, however, disk-like shells are usually less than about 2 cm in maximum dimension.
Like all pulmonate aquatic snails, ramshorn shells do not have an operculum to close the shell aperture.
Sinistral shells.
Flat-coiled planorbid gastropod shells are hard to understand in terms of their coiling and orientation. Many of the shells of species in this family are almost planispiral in coiling such that one side of the shell often looks rather like the other side, but it is important to bear in mind that nonetheless there is an umbilical side and a spire side of the shell. In addition these are in fact sinistral shells, despite the fact that the snail carries its shell as if it were a normal dextral shell. To make sense of the shell coiling, the following facts are useful:
However, once it is understood that the planorbid shell is sinistral, if the shell is held with the aperture on the left and facing the observer, then the sunken spire side of the shell is uppermost. This is a convenience for understanding the shell, but is the opposite of the way the shell is actually carried in life.
The side of the shell which is in fact the spire (a sunken spire) faces "down" in the living animal, contrary to what is the case in almost all other shelled gastropods. Because the shell is carried "upside down" like this, the aperture of the shell is angled to face downwards also, so the aperture faces a little towards the spire, not away from it, as is usually the case in other shelled gastropods.
Blood pigment.
Contrary to the case in most other molluscs, the blood of ram's-horn snails contains hemoglobin.
As a result these animals are able to breathe oxygen more efficiently than other molluscs. The presence of this substance gives the body a reddish colour. This is especially apparent in albino animals.
Habitat.
Most species of planorbids live only in fresh water. A minority of species are able to survive in brackish water.
Geological history.
Ancestors of ramshorn snails are known with certainty since the Jurassic period. Modern taxa developed since the Cretaceous.
Geographical distribution.
Species in this family occur worldwide. In Northwest Europe about 20 species are known (including non-indigenous species). In this region, various extinct taxa are known to have occurred, starting in the Jurassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="9830133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830133" title="Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University">
Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University

The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) was established in July 1989 by Act XX- (1989) of the Maharashtra State Legislature, named after Yashwantrao Chavan, Maharashtra’s great political leader and builder of modern Maharashtra. It is the fifth Open University in India. The jurisdiction of the university, originally for the State of Maharashtra, has now been extended beyond this State and the university can now operate anywhere across the globe. The YCMOU has been recognised under section 12 (B) of the University Grants Commission Act, 1956.
It is a member of associations and bodies like the Association of Indian Universities, Association of Commonwealth Universities, Asian Association of Open Universities, and Commonwealth of Learning, Canada.
The University offers offline programmes and has also embarked on online initiatives. The YCMOU has its headquarters at Nashik and provides support to its learners through study centres, which are all over the State of Maharashtra.
Maharashtra has a long tradition of educational reforms. Mahatma Jyotiba Phule, Panjabrao Deshmukh, Babasaheb Ambedkar, Bhaurao Patil, Swami Ramanand Teerth and others have contributed to educational philosophy and movement in the state. 
Due to statutory powers conferred by a 1989 act of the Maharashtra state legislature and the recognition by the ‘University Grants Commission of India’, the university can award academic certifications like certificates, diplomas, and graduate, post-graduate, doctoral degrees.
Jurisdiction.
The jurisdiction of the university is complete state of Maharashtra in India. The Head office of the university is located at Nashik. The university operates through its 10 Regional Centers at Amravati, Aurangabad, Kalyan, Kolhapur, Mumbai, Nashik, Nanded, Nagpur, Pune, Solapur and a network of Study Centres (SCs).
Satellite-based education.
The university has launched EduSat-based education, supported by the Indian Space Research Organisation. The university has established several Virtual Learning Centres in the State, each having two-way audio and video communication facilities. The students registered for programmes at the VLC attend lectures there. The experts deliver their lectures from the main hub at the University Headquarters or from the sub-studio at Pune. These live lecture sessions also provide scope for interaction with students located at distant locations.
Video-on-demand.
The university has conversed satellite–based lectures into a streaming video format on the web. YCMOU has launched this facility under its MPSC-UPSC Competitive Examination Guidance Programme. Initially 30 lectures under this programme – each having a duration of two hours – were made available on the Internet for the students. Registered students could view these lectures from any place where a broadband connection was available. The Study Centers also arranged for group viewing of these lectures. Although this was a pilot run, lectures, video programmes and audio programmes may be made available on the internet in the same manner.
Mobile learning vans.
This project of the university, designed to carry education to remote rural and tribal areas, involves the use of mobile learning vans. The mobile van is a road transport vehicle equipped with computing and communications equipment. It has a seating capacity of 12 learners and has six computers installed i.e. two students per computer. Using multimedia projection system, a larger group of about 50 students can be given education. An on-board generator provides a power supply.
The mobile van has the capability to educate virtually, using a transmitting station and a set of mobile van. The hub, located at University HQ, is where educational content is produced. The mobile vans receive the educational content and view it on computers in the mobile van.
The first batch of students was provided with computer training using the mobile van in Nanashi, a village with a population of around 2500. It is from Nashik city. Fifty-six students were registered for the first batch. The second batch running over the next three months was also implemented at this village. After the successful completion of the second batch, the mobile learning centre moved to Harsul, another tribal area. Harsul is also a small village having a population of 3500. Two batches of computer literacy programmes were successfully implemented at Harsul.
The fifth batch of computer training was implemented at another tribal area in Peth. The sixth and seventh batches were conducted in rural areas in Trimbakeshwar. Presently the eighth batch is undergoing training in a tribal area in Borgaon, a small village in Surgana Tehsil. As the project proceeds further, more and more village and tribal communities will get access to higher education.
Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Nashik.
The Indian Council of Agricultural Research New Delhi established the Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) at Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University Nashik in 1994. It is a farm science institution providing training and information services for training and skills in the field of agriculture and rural development. KVK has also established a model farm to disseminate and demonstrate the techniques suitable to the local farming community. This farm, equipped with modern irrigation systems, has crops such as mangos, grapes, sapota, guava, amla, cashewd, litchi, coconut, custard apple, and jackfruit.
The KVK has an Administrative building measuring with facilities for Soil & Water testing, Phyto diagnostic, Post Harvest Technology Laboratory and an Agricultural Technology Information Centre. Hostel facilities that can accommodate about 30 farmers are also available in the KVK premises.A novel experiment has also been undertaken with high density plantation, multi-stored cropping and high tech floriculture, use of biotech techniques for pest management, vermiculture biotechnology and modern nursery with various shed net houses to meet the training need of farmers and to supply the required planting material to them. The fruit orchard and polyhouses of the KVK yield considerable commercial production. Last year, of Kesar mango was exported through an agency to Japan.
A village concept to demonstrate various farming technologies has also been successfully implemented through a participatory group approach. This has led to increased productivity and overall output of the village and has made a concrete difference to the standard of living of the villagers.
Dai (Midwife) training programme.
Half of India’s births take place at home due to underdevelopment in many blocks. Even though part of the national policy for promoting hospital births, the School of Health Sciences launched a Dai training programme of 10 credit points. This is a unique programme in the health sector. Three books and a workbook coupled with a PowerPoint package have been especially developed under this programme. In the first batch, the dais of Nandurbar—a backward tribal district of Maharashtra- participated in this programme. The programme has now been offered in many rural and urban locations. Recently the programme was also shared with a Bihar NGO in Hindi. Since home births still continue in many parts of the country, we wish to share this programme with other SOUs and institutions.
Annual awards.
To encourage the budding talent in different forms of literature at the State level as well as with a view to giving recognition to the distinguished social contributions of certain individuals, the university has instituted the following awards that are given annually.
The award named after the poetic composition of the poet laureate and winner of the Dnyanpeeth Award, Shri V.V. Shirwadkar (popularly known as ‘Tatyasaheb’) is given every year to the best three maiden poetic compositions.
In recognition of the noted contributions of Shri Baburao Bagul to the field of Marathi literature, an award has been instituted in his name and is given annually to the maiden story writing productions of a budding short-story writer.
This award is given to a woman who has made outstanding contributions in Social Work.
Institution of Chairs.
The aim of the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University is to become a Mass University and the University has a conscious realisation of her commitments to the community. The university endeavours to achieve this through its Student Welfare and Extramural Studies Centre. Among the various activities regularly conducted may be mentioned the ‘Lok Samwad Satra’ lectures on the occasion of the death anniversaries of Shri. Yashwantrao Chavan, Mahatma Phule, B. R. Ambedkar and Panjabrao Deshmukh - all devoted and dedicated visionaries who embarked upon the movement of social change and made indelible contributions for the upliftment of society. Through the organisation of public lectures by eminent thinkers, social reformers, activists and scholars on these days, the university achieves a dialogue with society and is able to reach out to the common man. The university has also instituted the following Chairs as a tribute to the very significant contributions of some illustrious persons:
Savitribai Phule Chair.
Mahatma Jyotiba Phule and his wife Savitribai Phule embarked upon the movement of Female Education and Social Reforms in Maharashtra in the18th century. Today too, an urgent need is felt to continue the process of emancipation of women and transformation of their lives. With this purpose, the Savitribai Phule Chair was instituted by the university. To monitor the functioning of the Chair, a State Level Steering Committee headed by Snehalata Deshmukh, former Vice-Chancellor, Mumbai University has been constituted. The action plan of the Chair aims at overall development of women in rural and urban areas and the focus of its functioning is on upliftment of women who hail from the neglected and downtrodden strata of the society.
Mahatma Gandhi Chair.
Mahatma Gandhi, an apostle of Peace, was not merely the Father of Indian Liberation but also the architect of major social reforms and the overall spiritual regeneration of the country. With the conviction that Mahatma Gandhi’s Philosophy of equality, peace, non-violence and communal harmony is relevant even today and in fact, is the need of the hour, the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University has instituted the Mahatma Gandhi Chair. Under this initiative, a programme has been formulated to enlighten the people born in the post- Independence period about Gandhiji’s life and Philosophy. As a part of the programme, a seven-day Residential Camp with the theme 'The Relevance of Mahatma Gandhi’s Philosophy Today' was organised during 9 to 15 October 2007 in collaboration with Mumbai Saroday Mandal. 185 students accompanied by their teachers from various parts of the country participated in this Camp. Besides Prayer, Shramdan, Group discussions, Paper presentations and Cultural programme, the participating students were enlightened on Gandhiji’s life, work and philosophy. On 30 January 2008 a Bhajan Spardha was organised by the university. Nearly two hundred school children participated in this competition and enthralled the audience. These two programmes are intended as a prelude to further activities under the Mahatma Gandhi Chair of the university.
Special programmes.
Jail inmates.
A special initiative of this university has been to offer educational opportunities to those who are otherwise treated as social outcasts, mainly as a result of their own doings. The prison inmates, apart from serving their term in jail also need an alternative channel to improve their overall attitude towards life and towards their own social setting. With a view to creating a positive attitude in them through imparting education, the university has established Study Centres in the Central Jails at Nagpur, Kolhapur, Nashik, and Pune. Opportunities for receiving academic counselling support are provided in the prison itself and the programme fees have been waived in their case. During the last five years, the total enrolment of Jail inmates in the State of Maharashtra has been over 2,300 and a number of students have even completed their graduation while in jail.
Visually impaired.
The visually impaired constitute a 'special group' to whom society must pay concerted attention. Many of them actually aspire for higher education and if given an opportunity, they can also excel in a given field. Realising this need, YCMOU has offered educational opportunities to this group by waiving their fees for various academic programmes. In fact, training in computer skills has also been accomplished for some of these less fortunate fellowmen. By virtue of such initiatives, the university concretely endorses its compliance with the international laws for the handicapped. During the last five years the total enrolment of visually impaired persons in YCMOU has been over 300.
Sport activities.
The University conducts Sports meets every year. The sports meets are organised by eight Regional Centers of the University at regional levels and the students of the study centres in the jurisdiction of the respective region participate in these regional level sports tournaments. After the completion of the regional level tournaments, the students of the eight regions who excel at the regional level tournaments participate in the sports meet organised by the University. Students exhibiting good performance at the university level are sent for the All India Association of Universities tournament and The State level Inter-University tournament ‘Ashwamedh’ every year. The performance of the students of this university in these tournaments so far has been steadily improving. To spur the students to participate further in sports activities, incentive marks (maximum 10) are given to those who excel in various tournaments in accordance with the rules framed for the purpose. Similarly, the students of this university who win gold medals in "Ashwamedh" are deployed in the services of the University in keeping with the rules framed for the purpose.
Ashwamedh.
In the year 1997 the Annual Inter University Tournament called 'Ashwamedh' was started to create an atmosphere conducive to sports and to provide students with an opportunity to display their talent in the field of sports. Every year the responsibility of organising 'Ashwamedh' is borne by one of the Universities in Maharashtra. 
Cultural activities.
Youth festivals are organised every year at eight Regional Centers and the students of the Study Centres of the respective regions participate in programmes like One Act Play, Folk Dance, Singing, and Fine Arts. The student artists who show excellence are invited to participate in the University level Youth Festival. The students who win laurels at the University level Youth Festival are further given an opportunity to represent the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University in the Inter-University Youth Festival called 'Indra-dhanushaya'. The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University has been entrusted with the responsibility of organising 'Indra-dhanushaya' 2008 at Nashik.
Library and Resource Centre.
The Library and Resource Centre (LARC) of YCMOU is an important unit that provides academic support through the learning and reference resources it provides.
Functions:
Yashwantrao Chavan Collection.
The University Library has maintained a Special Collection on Yashwantrao Chavan. The Collection includes books written by Yashwantrao Chavan as well as the books written on him. The Collection covers Books, Annuals, Press Clippings, and Photographs etc.
Recognition.
Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University's awarded degrees are recognised by UGC in India. YCMOU is a member of Association of Indian Universities (AIU) and AAOU.
All architecture graduate and post-graduate programmes are recognised and approved by the "Council of Architecture (CoA)". Hence, after successful completion of the graduate degree programme (that is, BArch), student can register with the "Council of Architecture (CoA)". Student shall be entitled to practice as an architect after such registration.
All these degree and post-graduate degree programmes are recognised and approved by the 'University Grant Commission (UGC)’. Hence, these programmes are equivalent to the respective programmes offered by any other statutory university in India, for the purpose of employment, promotion and further education. 
International awards.
This university is a recipient of Institutional Excellence Award-2002 from Commonwealth of Learning (COL), Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9830162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830162" title="Jeannie Linero">
Jeannie Linero

Jeannie Linero (born August 1945), is an actress best known for playing Lucy Mancini in "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part III" (1990). In 1975, she played Suzy Marta Rocket in the television series "Hot L Baltimore".
She also guest-starred in the television series: "One Day at a Time", "Maude", "Chico and the Man" (as nurse Liz Garcia), "Baretta", "All in the Family", "Laverne & Shirley", "Welcome Back, Kotter", "Archie Bunker's Place", "Mama's Family", "Hot l Baltimore", and "Hill Street Blues" (as Maria Perez).

</doc>
<doc id="9830168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830168" title="Swarna Mallawarachchi">
Swarna Mallawarachchi

Swarna Mallawarachchi the award-winning Sri Lankan film actress, also known as the "Golden star of Sinhalese cinema". She began her acting career whilst still a schoolgirl - starring in the 1966 released Sinhalese film "Sath Samudura" directed by Dr.Siri Gunasinghe. During a career that spans over 40 years, Swarna has won the 'Best Actress Award' 26 times.
Biography.
Swarna left Sri Lankan cinema for a brief period in the 1970's to live abroad. When she returned after a four year absence there was an influx of new actresses. Swarna accepted supporting roles from directors during this period however obtained the Best Actress awards for these roles during these years. A hint at the excellence of her talent. Swarna Mallawarachchi holds the highest number of 'Best Actress' awards in Sri Lanka. 
In her off-screen life, Swarna is an example of the roles she portrays on-screen. A strong, independent woman who has achieved the best in life for herself and her family. She was appointed the UNHCR ambassador for women's rights in Sri Lanka since 2004.
Swarna's truly unique role as an actress is evident in films such as Vasantha Obeysekera's Dadayama (The Hunt) and Kadapathaka Chayava (Reflections in the Mirror), Dharmasiri Bandaranayake's Suddhilage Kathawa (The Story of Suddhi) and Bava Duka / Bava Karma, Sumithra Peries' Sagara Jalaya (Letter Written in the Sand) and Prasanna Vithanage's Anantha Rathriya (Dark Night of the Soul).

</doc>
<doc id="9830177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830177" title="San disk">
San disk

SAN Disk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9830179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830179" title="Vaddukoddai">
Vaddukoddai

Vaddukoddai (also spelt Vattukkottai, Vatukotai, Vattukotai) () is small but important town in the minority Sri Lankan Tamil dominated Jaffna peninsula of Sri Lanka. It became prominent with the founding of Asia’s first modern university level collegiate known as Batticotta Seminary by the American Missionaries from New England in 1823.
Demography.
Most of the residents of the village are Sri Lankan Tamils, with the majority being Hindus and a few Christians. As of 2007, due to the effects of the Sri Lankan civil war the actual number of residents is unknown.
Educational institutions.
The village is home to the prominent Jaffna College that was founded as the Batticotta Seminary.Jaffna College is one of well famous college in jaffna and one only private Mix School. Jaffna College Technical College also there.Many Students come Study in various parts.(Batticollo, kandy, Jaffna and extra. It also has the Vaddu Central College another important secondary institute of education. It also houses the tertiary educational institution known as Jaffna College Institute of Technology, a polytechnic that is used for various vocational training requirements.
Religious establishments.
The Church of South India has 21 administrative division throughout the world. It has only one of them known as a Diocese in Sri Lanka. The Jaffna Diocese headquarters is in Vaddukoddai. An Amman temple at Sangarathai, a Murugan temples at Adaikalam Thottam and Panguru are three of the main Hindu temples found here.
History.
The name of the village suggests that at some point in its history it had a fortress in its midst, possibly from the Aryacakravarti dynasty. But rule by various colonial powers since 1621 has erased all evidence of a fort. The village became prominent during the British colonial period in Sri Lanka as it was chosen as location for one of the nine protestant missions to be established within the small Jaffna peninsula (hardly 15 by 40 miles). The move by the seminary to study Saiva scriptures led to an important social transformation amongst the local Tamils because it began a process that led to a Saiva revivalism led by Arumuka Navalar. Eventually the seminary was renamed Jaffna college and became a secular institution in 1867. The village also played an important role in the recent Sri Lankan civil war as the place where the Tamil United Liberation Front party came up with the Vaddukoddai Resolution in 1976 that articulated the view that minority Sri Lankan Tamils needed separation from rest of Sri Lanka to resolve their political problems.

</doc>
<doc id="9830185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830185" title="Special Studies Project">
Special Studies Project

The Special Studies Project was a study funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund and conceived by its then president, Nelson Rockefeller, to 'define the major problems and opportunities facing the U.S. and clarify national purposes and objectives, and to develop principles which could serve as the basis of future national policy'. The study ran between 1956 and 1960.
Nelson recruited Henry Kissinger, who was then on the faculty of Harvard University, as director of the project; he had first met Kissinger in 1955. He also brought on board such luminaries as Edward Teller, Charles Percy, Dean Rusk, John Gardner (president of the Carnegie Corporation) and Henry Luce, along with his brothers Laurance and John D. 3rd. Six panels were constituted that looked at sweeping issues ranging from military/security strategy to foreign policy, to international economic strategy and defense department and governmental reorganization.
The seven sub-panels were:
The military subpanel's report was rush-released much earlier than the others, about two months after the USSR launched Sputnik, in October, 1957. It was given prominent treatment on the front page of "The New York Times", selling thousands of copies and garnering unprecedented influence. Many of its major recommendations - principal among them a massive arms buildup to counter perceived Soviet military superiority - were adopted by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower in his State of the Union address in January, 1958.
The project was finally published in its entirety in 1961 as "Prospect for America: The Rockefeller Panel Reports". The archival study papers are stored in the "Rockefeller Archive Center" at the family estate; portions of the papers are still restricted, over four decades after the report was published.

</doc>
<doc id="9830218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830218" title="Planorbis">
Planorbis

Planorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails, or planorbids. All species in this genus have sinistral or left-coiling shells. 
Description.
"Planorbis" shells are flat-coiled and sinistral. 
Distribution.
This genus has a worldwide distribution. It is known from the Jurassic to the recent periods.
Species.
Species within the genus "Planorbis" include:

</doc>
<doc id="9830226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830226" title="Peter Burrell (1724–1775)">
Peter Burrell (1724–1775)

Peter Burrell FRS (27 August 1724 – 6 November 1775) was a British politician and barrister.
Born in London, he was the son of Peter Burrell and his wife Amy Raymond, daughter of Hugh Raymond. His uncle was Sir Merrick Burrell, 1st Baronet and his younger brother Sir William Burrell, 2nd Baronet. Burrell was educated at St John's College, Cambridge, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1745 and then with a Master of Arts. In 1749, he was called to the bar by Lincoln's Inn. Burrell sat as Member of Parliament (MP) in the British House of Commons for Launceston from 1759 to 1768 and subsequently for Totnes to 1774. In 1752, he was invested as a Fellow of the Royal Society, and in 1769, he was appointed Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown.
On 28 February 1748, he married Elizabeth Lewis, daughter of John Lewis of Hackney; they lived at Langley Park. They had four daughters and a son, Peter, the later Baron Gwydyr. Their second daughter Isabella (1750–1812) married Algernon Percy, 1st Earl of Beverley, and was ancestor to the Dukes of Northumberland. Their third daughter Frances Julia Burrell married Hugh Percy, Second Duke of Northumberland in 1779, and was mother to both the Third Duke of Northumberland, also named Hugh, and Algernon Percy, Fourth Duke of Northumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="9830229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830229" title="Rosemary's Baby (film)">
Rosemary's Baby (film)

"Rosemary's Baby" is a 1968 American psychological horror film written and directed by Roman Polanski, based on the bestselling 1967 novel "Rosemary's Baby" by Ira Levin. The cast includes Mia Farrow, John Cassavetes, Ruth Gordon, Ralph Bellamy, Maurice Evans, Sidney Blackmer and Charles Grodin (in his first film appearance). It was produced by William Castle.
Farrow plays a pregnant woman who fears that her husband may have made a pact with their eccentric neighbors, believing he may have promised them the child to be used as a human sacrifice in their occult rituals in exchange for success in his acting career.
The film was an enormous commercial success, earning over $33 million in the United States on a modest budget of $3.2 million. It was met with near universal acclaim from film critics and earned numerous nominations and awards. The American Film Institute ranked the film 9th in their "100 Years...100 Thrills" list. The official tagline of the film is "Pray for Rosemary's Baby."
Plot.
In 1965, Rosemary Woodhouse (Mia Farrow), a bright but somewhat naive young housewife, and Guy (John Cassavetes), her husband and a struggling actor, move into the Bramford, an antiquated New York City apartment building. The couple learns from the building's manager, Mr. Nicklas (Elisha Cook, Jr.), that their new residence was previously inhabited by Mrs. Gardenia, an elderly woman who had seemingly gone senile. Guy also discovers a dresser concealing a simple closet which contains nothing except a vacuum and a few other items. Rosemary and Guy are quickly befriended by their elderly, eccentric neighbors, Minnie (Ruth Gordon) and Roman Castevet (Sidney Blackmer).
Rosemary meets a young woman, Terry Gionoffrio (Angela Dorian), a recovering drug addict whom the Castavets took in from the street. As Rosemary admires a pendant necklace the Castevets gave to Terry, she notices its strange smell. Returning home one night, Guy and Rosemary find that Terry has thrown herself to her death from the window of the Castevets' seventh-floor apartment.
Minnie invites the Woodhouses to dinner and they reluctantly accept. Guy forms a bond with the Castevets. Minnie gives Terry's pendant to Rosemary, telling her it is a good luck charm and the odd smell is from a plant called "tannis root". Later, Guy lands a role in a play when the actor who was originally cast suddenly and inexplicably goes blind. Guy suggests that he and Rosemary have a baby.
On the night they plan to conceive, Minnie brings them individual cups of chocolate mousse. Rosemary finds hers has a chalky undertaste and surreptitiously throws it away after a few mouthfuls. Rosemary passes out and experiences what she perceives to be a strange dream in which she is raped by a demonic presence in front of Guy, the Castevets, and other Bramford tenants. When she wakes, she finds scratches on her body. Guy tells her that he had sex with her while she was unconscious because he did not want to pass up the moment for her to conceive.
Rosemary learns that she is pregnant and is due on June 28, 1966. She plans to receive obstetric care from Dr. Hill (Charles Grodin), who is recommended to her by her friend Elise (Emmaline Henry). However, the Castevets insist she see their good friend, Dr. Abraham Sapirstein (Ralph Bellamy), who says that Minnie will make Rosemary a daily drink which is healthier than the usual vitamin pills.
For the first three months of her pregnancy, Rosemary suffers severe abdominal pains, loses weight, becomes unusually pale, and craves raw meat and chicken liver. Dr. Sapirstein insists the pain will subside soon, and assures her she has nothing to worry about. When her old friend Hutch (Maurice Evans) sees Rosemary's gaunt appearance and hears that she is being fed the mysterious tannis root, he is disturbed enough to do some research. Before he can tell Rosemary his findings, he mysteriously falls into a coma. When Rosemary can't bear her abdominal pains another minute, they suddenly disappear. 
Three months later, Hutch dies. He leaves Rosemary a book about witchcraft and it is delivered to her at his funeral along with the cryptic message: "The name is an anagram". Rosemary deduces that Roman Castevet is really Steven Marcato, the son of a former resident of the Bramford who was accused of being a Satanist. Rosemary suspects her neighbors and Dr. Sapirstein are part of a cult with sinister designs for her baby, and that Guy is cooperating with them in exchange for help in advancing his career.
Rosemary becomes increasingly disturbed and shares her fears and suspicions with Dr. Hill, who, assuming she is delusional, calls Dr. Sapirstein and Guy. They tell her that if she co-operates, neither she nor the baby will be harmed. The two men bring Rosemary home, where she briefly escapes them. Despite Rosemary locking them out, they enter the bedroom. Rosemary goes into labor and is sedated by Dr. Sapirstein. When she wakes, she is told the baby died.
In the hall closet, Rosemary discovers a secret door leading into the Castevet apartment and hears a baby's cries, revealing that her child is alive. She then finds a congregation made up of the building's tenants, as well as Dr. Sapirstein, gathered around her newborn son. After seeing the disturbing appearance of her baby's demonic eyes, Rosemary is told that Guy is not the baby's father and that the baby, named Adrian, is actually the spawn of Satan. This horrifies Rosemary, who spits in Guy's face. Roman urges Rosemary to become a mother to her son and assures her that she does not have to join the cult if she doesn't want to. She adjusts her son's blankets and gently rocks his cradle with a small smile on her face.
Production.
Script.
In "Rosemary's Baby: A Retrospective", a featurette on the DVD release of the film, screenwriter/director Roman Polanski, Paramount Pictures executive Robert Evans, and production designer Richard Sylbert reminisce at length about the production. Evans recalled William Castle brought him the galley proofs of the book and asked him to purchase the film rights even before Random House released the publication. The studio head recognized the commercial potential of the project and agreed with the stipulation that Castle, who had a reputation for low-budget horror films, could produce but not direct the film adaptation. He makes a cameo appearance as the man at the phone booth waiting for Mia Farrow to finish her call.
Evans admired Polanski's European films and hoped he could convince him to make his American debut with "Rosemary's Baby". He knew the director was a ski buff who was anxious to make a film with the sport as its basis, so he sent him the script for "Downhill Racer" along with the galleys for "Rosemary". Polanski read the latter book non-stop through the night and called Evans the following morning to tell him he thought "Rosemary" was the more interesting project, and would like the opportunity to write as well as direct it.
The script was modeled very closely on the original novel and incorporated large sections of the novel's dialogue and details. Author Ira Levin claimed that during a scene in which Guy mentions wanting to buy a particular shirt advertised in "The New Yorker", Polanski was unable to find the specific issue with the shirt advertised and phoned Levin for help. Levin, who had assumed while writing that any given issue of "The New Yorker" would contain an ad for men's shirts, admitted that he had made it up.
Casting.
Polanski envisioned Rosemary as a robust, full-figured, girl-next-door type, and he wanted Tuesday Weld or his own wife Sharon Tate for the role. Since the book had not reached bestseller status yet, Evans was unsure the title alone would guarantee an audience for the film, and he felt a bigger name was needed for the lead. Mia Farrow - with only a supporting role in "Guns at Batasi" (1964) and the then-unreleased "A Dandy in Aspic" (1968) as her only feature film credits - had an unproven box office track record, but her role as Allison MacKenzie in the popular television series "Peyton Place" and her unexpected marriage to Frank Sinatra had made her a household name.
Despite her waif-like appearance (which would ultimately prove beneficial, as Rosemary became more frail as her pregnancy progressed), Polanski agreed to cast her. Her acceptance incensed Sinatra, who had demanded she forgo her career when they wed, and he served her divorce papers via a corporate lawyer in front of the cast and crew midway through filming. In an effort to salvage her relationship, Farrow asked Evans to release her from her contract, but he persuaded her to remain with the project after showing her an hour-long rough cut and assuring her she would receive an Academy Award nomination for her performance. Farrow was not nominated for the award, but stayed with the film, which pleased Evans, Polanski and the entire cast.
Robert Redford was the first choice for the role of Guy Woodhouse, but he turned down the offer. Jack Nicholson was considered briefly before Polanski suggested John Cassavetes.
Sylbert was a good friend of Garson Kanin, who was married to Ruth Gordon, and he suggested her for the role of Minnie Castevet. He also suggested that the Dakota, an Upper West Side apartment building known for its show business tenants, be used for the Bramford. Its hallways were not as worn and dark as Polanski wanted, but when the building's owners would not allow interior filming, it became a moot point and was used for exterior shots only.
Polanski wanted to cast Hollywood old-timers as the coven members but did not know any by name. He drew sketches of how he envisioned each character, and they were used to fill the roles. In every instance, the actor cast strongly resembled Polanski's drawing. They included Ralph Bellamy, Patsy Kelly, Elisha Cook, Jr., Phil Leeds and Hope Summers.
When Rosemary calls Donald Baumgart, the actor who goes blind and is replaced by Guy, the voice heard is that of actor Tony Curtis. Farrow, who had not been told who would be reading Baumgart's lines, recognized the voice but could not place it. The slight confusion she displays throughout the call was exactly what Polanski hoped to capture by not revealing Curtis' identity in advance.
Filming.
Sydney Guilaroff designed the wig worn by Mia Farrow in the film's early scenes. It was removed to reveal the Vidal Sassoon hairdo that made headlines when Farrow cut her trademark long hair during filming of "Peyton Place".
One of Mia Farrow's more emotionally charged scenes occurs in the midst of a party, when several of Rosemary's female friends lock Guy out of the kitchen as they console her in private. The scene was shot in a single day. That morning, just before the first take was filmed, a private messenger served Farrow with formal divorce papers from Frank Sinatra. As she read the documents, Farrow fell to her knees on the kitchen floor and openly wept in front of the cast and crew. Roman Polanski insisted that the day be canceled and filming be postponed until the next day, when he would start consecutively filming as many scenes as possible that did not contain Rosemary. Farrow openly refused to accept this, insisting that nothing had changed. The day's filming concluded on time and without delay.
When Farrow was reluctant to film a scene that depicted a dazed and preoccupied Rosemary wandering into the middle of a Manhattan street into oncoming traffic, Polanski pointed to her pregnancy padding and reassured her, "no one's going to hit a pregnant woman". The scene was successfully shot with Farrow walking into real traffic and Polanski following, operating the hand-held camera since he was the only one willing to do it.
One scene that was shot but later deleted involved Farrow's character attending an Off-Broadway production of "The Fantasticks" and encountering Joan Crawford and Van Johnson, who were playing themselves.
Reception.
"Rosemary's Baby" was widely well received by critics upon its theatrical release in 1968. In her review for "The New York Times", Renata Adler said, "The movie—although it is pleasant—doesn't seem to work on any of its dark or powerful terms. I think this is because it is almost too extremely plausible. The quality of the young people's lives seems the quality of lives that one knows, even to the point of finding old people next door to avoid and lean on. One gets very annoyed that they don't catch on sooner."
"Variety" stated, "Several exhilarating milestones are achieved in "Rosemary's Baby", an excellent film version of Ira Levin's diabolical chiller novel. Writer-director Roman Polanski has triumphed in his first US-made pic. The film holds attention without explicit violence or gore...Farrow's performance is outstanding." Ruth Gordon won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, which made the film the only horror movie to receive an Oscar for a lead or supporting role until "Carrie" in 1976 and "The Silence of the Lambs" in 1991.
Today, the film is widely regarded as a classic; the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 98% rating (53 out of 54 reviews), with the site's consensus stating "A frightening tale of satanism and pregnancy that is even more disturbing than it sounds thanks to convincing and committed performances by Mia Farrow and Ruth Gordon".
Legacy.
Following the film's premiere, a string of other films focusing on Satan worshippers and black magic appeared, including "The Brotherhood of Satan", "Mark of the Devil", "Black Noon", and "Blood on Satan's Claw".
In the 1976 television film "Look What's Happened to Rosemary's Baby", Patty Duke starred as Rosemary Woodhouse and Ruth Gordon reprised her role of Minnie Castevet. The film introduced an adult Andrew/Adrian attempting to earn his place as the Antichrist. It was disliked as a sequel by critics and viewers, and its reputation deteriorated over the years.
The scene in which Rosemary is raped by Satan was ranked #23 on Bravo's "100 Scariest Movie Moments".
Thirty years after he wrote "Rosemary's Baby", Ira Levin wrote "Son of Rosemary", a sequel which he dedicated to the film's star, Mia Farrow. Reaction to the book was mixed, but it made the best seller lists nationwide.
A remake of "Rosemary's Baby" was briefly considered in 2008. The intended producers were Michael Bay, Andrew Form, and Brad Fuller. The remake fell through later that same year.
In January 2014, NBC announced an upcoming four-hour "Rosemary's Baby" miniseries with Zoe Saldana to portray Rosemary. The miniseries was filmed in Paris under the direction of Agnieszka Holland.
Accolades.
American Film Institute Lists

</doc>
<doc id="9830261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830261" title="Crusades (BBC TV series)">
Crusades (BBC TV series)

Crusades was a 1995 historical documentary series presented by former Monty Python member Terry Jones. It looked at The Crusades and included elements of black comedy.
Episodes.
1. "Pilgrims in Arms".
The first episode recounts Byzantine Emperor Alexius's appeal to Pope Urban II for help in fighting Muslim Turks, the first crusaders as they neared Jerusalem, and the first casualties of The Crusades: Jews massacred in Worms and Cologne, Germany.
2. "Jerusalem".
The second episode covers hardships encountered by crusaders as they neared the Holy City, including intense heat and starvation. Also the Siege of Antioch and Turkish retaliation.
3. "Jihad".
The third episode chronicles the response that the Arab world gave to the gains of the Crusades. Jones takes the viewer from Syria to Jordan to shed light on the Arabs counter-crusade led by Muslim leader Saladin. Additionally, experts detail the political intrigue behind Saladin's rise to power as he tried to lead Muslims in winning back Jerusalem from the Christians.
4. "Destruction".
The Crusade of Richard I of England is explored to find the seeds of his eventual failure. The fourth episode examines the massacres during the siege of Acre, the Treaty of Ramla in 1192 when Richard was forced to concede Jerusalem to Saladin, and the establishment of the Empire of Latins in Constantinople after the Crusade of Venetian statesman Enrico Dandolo.

</doc>
<doc id="9830265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830265" title="Wadamisaki Station">
Wadamisaki Station

Station configuration.
The JR West station is composed of a single track with one side platform. It is unmanned and only open during mornings and evenings, when the Wadamisaki Line is operational. Fare collection for this station is conducted at Hyogo, the only other stop on the line. 

</doc>
<doc id="9830273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830273" title="Curve-billed tinamou">
Curve-billed tinamou

The curve-billed tinamou ("Nothoprocta curvirostris") is a type of tinamou commonly found in high-altitude grassland and shrubland habitats in the Andes of South America.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Subspecies.
The curve-billed tinamou has two subspecies as follows:
Characteristics.
The curve-billed tinamou is approximately in length. Its upper parts are dark brown streaked with white and spotted with black. Its breast is rufous and spotted with white, its belly is tawny-buff and its crown is black, the sides of its head,and its throat and foreneck are white. Finally, its legs are brown in color.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the curve-billed tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
This tinamou live in the Andes of central and southern Ecuador and northern and central Peru. It prefers grassland at in altitude. It also can be found in high-altitude shrubland and pasture.
Conservation.
The IUCN list this species as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9830317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830317" title="Ancient Inventions">
Ancient Inventions

Ancient Inventions was a BBC historical documentary series released in 1998. It was presented by ex-Monty Python member Terry Jones and looked at great inventions of the ancient world. The series is split into 3 episodes, namely City Life, Sex and Love, and War and Conflicts, all around 50 min long.

</doc>
<doc id="9830331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830331" title="Palmasola">
Palmasola

Centro de Rehabilitación Santa Cruz "Palmasola" is a maximum security prison in Santa Cruz, Bolivia. It is Bolivia's largest prison and holds about 3,500 prisoners. Like many prisons in Latin America, guards exhibit minimal control over what happens within the prison, leading it to being described as a "prison town". Guards instead concentrate only on securing the perimeter of the facility. According to former inmates, almost anything can be obtained in the prison, and businesses operate inside the prison to supply weapons and drugs. Prisoners of Palmasola have created an organization called the Disciplina Interna to oversee some affairs.
Under Bolivian law, children under the age of six may live in a prison with their parent. As such, Palmasola is home to a number of children. The United Nations has criticized the policy. Four out of five prisoners in Palmasola are awaiting trial. On May 11, 2012, "ABC News - Nightline" featured a story about American businessman Jacob Ostreicher who was held in Palmasola for 11 months without a trial.
2013 riot.
At approximately 6am on August 23, 2013, a riot broke out at Palmasola when a gang living in cell block B broke a hole in the wall that separated it from cell block A, the home of a rival gang. They then used machetes, small knives, and sticks to attack their rivals, and ignited a number of propane tanks to use as flame throwers or bombs. The riot reportedly started as a battle over leadership and control of the "Chonchocorito" sector of the prison. Thirty-one people died in the riot, most of whom were burnt to death. Among the dead was an 18-month-old who was living at the prison. A further 37 inmates were seriously injured with burns over 60-90% of their bodies, and 256 were evacuated.
This was the deadliest prison riot in Bolivian history. In the aftermath of the riot, the archbishop of Santa Cruz, the local Ombudsman, and members of the National Convergence political party issued calls for reform within the prison and judicial system.

</doc>
<doc id="9830345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830345" title="George Washington Cullum">
George Washington Cullum

George Washington Cullum (February 25, 1809 – February 28, 1892) was an American soldier, engineer and writer. He served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War, primarily serving in the Western Theater.
Birth and early years.
Cullum was born in New York City, but was raised in Meadville, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the United States Military Academy, ranking third in the Class of 1833. He designed the Independent Congregational Church at Meadville and it was built in 1835-1836. He joined the Corps of Engineers and supervised a number of construction projects on the East Coast. Cullum served as the engineer in charge of the construction of Fort Trumbull in New London, Connecticut. He was promoted to captain in 1838 and held this rank until the outbreak of the civil war. He was an instructor of engineering at West Point from 1848 to 1855, and published the forerunner of his "Biographical Register" in 1850. Cullum took two years leave of absence for health reasons, and traveled throughout Europe, Asia, Africa and the West Indies while recuperating.
Civil War service.
From April 1861 Cullum was a lieutenant colonel and aide-de-camp to General Winfield Scott, before becoming chief engineer of the Department of the Missouri in November 1861. He was appointed brigadier general of volunteers to rank from November 1, 1862 on November 10, 1862 but President Lincoln had to submit the nomination four times before the U.S. Senate finally confirmed it on March 11, 1863. He later superintended engineering works on the Western rivers and was chief engineer at the Siege of Corinth. He was superintendent of the military academy from 1864 to 1866. On March 8, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Cullum to be appointed to the grade of brevet major general, USA, to rank from March 1866, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on May 4, 1866 and reconfirmed it July 14, 1866 after the dates of rank of staff officers were adjusted to follow those of field officers. He was mustered out of the volunteers on September 1, 1866.
After the war, Cullum remained in the Regular Army at a variety of engineering posts, supervising several projects to strengthen America's coastal defenses. He retired from active service January 13, 1874 with the rank of colonel and returned to New York City. Following his retirement, he married Elizabeth Hamilton, sister of Major General Schuyler Hamilton and widow of Major General Henry W. Halleck.
He published: 
On his death in New York City in 1892, he left part of his fortune to be used for the erection of the Memorial Hall at West Point, for the continuance of his "Biographical Register" and for an award of the American Geographical Society (of which he was vice-president) “to those who distinguish themselves by geographical discoveries or in the advancement of geographical science”, known as the Cullum Geographical Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9830358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830358" title="2007 Colonial Cup">
2007 Colonial Cup

The 2007 Colonial Cup is a rugby union competition held in Fiji every year. The Fiji Rugby Union controls the Colonial Cup which is used to pick players for the Fiji national team.
This year saw the emergence of a new team, the Bligh Roosters, based in Tavua. This took the number of competing teams to 6.
The Coastal Stallions were the 2007 champions, this being their third win since the tournament's inception in 2004.
Results from 2007.
Final standings.
4 points for a win; 2 for a draw; 1 bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match; 1 bonus point for losing by 7 points or less.

</doc>
<doc id="9830361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830361" title="De Boor">
De Boor

de Boor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9830365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830365" title="Paul Lukather">
Paul Lukather

Paul Lukather (born 1926) is an actor and voice-over artist who is mostly known as giving voice-overs for many video games including "Legacy of Kain" series where he voiced Vorador. He also had a role in ' where he did the English voice-over for President James Johnson. Lukather made dozens of television appearances on "Perry Mason", "The Fugitive", "The F.B.I.", ', "Cannon", and many others. In 1966 he guest starred on "Perry Mason" as defendant 'Duke' Maronek in "The Case of the Misguided Model."

</doc>
<doc id="9830367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830367" title="Squared deviations">
Squared deviations

In probability theory and statistics, the definition of variance is either the expected value (when considering a theoretical distribution), or average value (for actual experimental data), of squared deviations from the mean. Computations for analysis of variance involve the partitioning of a sum of squared deviations. An understanding of the complex computations involved is greatly enhanced by a detailed study of the statistical value:
It is well known that for a random variable formula_2 with mean formula_3 and variance formula_4:
Therefore
From the above, the following are easily derived:
If formula_9 is a vector of n predictions, and formula_10 is the vector of the true values, then the SSE of the predictor is:
formula_11
Sample variance.
The sum of squared deviations needed to calculate sample variance (before deciding whether to divide by "n" or "n" − 1) is most easily calculated as
From the two derived expectations above the expected value of this sum is
which implies
This effectively proves the use of the divisor "n" − 1 in the calculation of an unbiased sample estimate of "σ"2.
Partition — analysis of variance.
In the situation where data is available for "k" different treatment groups having size "ni" where "i" varies from 1 to "k", then it is assumed that the expected mean of each group is
and the variance of each treatment group is unchanged from the population variance formula_4.
Under the Null Hypothesis that the treatments have no effect, then each of the formula_17 will be zero.
It is now possible to calculate three sums of squares:
Under the null hypothesis that the treatments cause no differences and all the formula_17 are zero, the expectation simplifies to
Sums of squared deviations.
Under the null hypothesis, the difference of any pair of "I", "T", and "C" does not contain any dependency on formula_3, only formula_4.
The constants ("n" − 1), ("k" − 1), and ("n" − "k") are normally referred to as the number of degrees of freedom.
Example.
In a very simple example, 5 observations arise from two treatments. The first treatment gives three values 1, 2, and 3, and the second treatment gives two values 4, and 6.
Giving
Two-way analysis of variance.
The following hypothetical example gives the yields of 15 plants subject to two different environmental variations, and three different fertilisers.
Five sums of squares are calculated:
Finally, the sums of squared deviations required for the analysis of variance can be calculated.

</doc>
<doc id="9830371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830371" title="White-bellied nothura">
White-bellied nothura

The white-bellied nothura ("Nothura boraquira") is a species of tinamou found in dry shrublands in northeastern Bolivia, western Paraguay, and northeastern Brazil.
Taxonomy.
The white-bellied nothura is a monotypic species. All tinamous are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Description.
The white-bellied nothura is approximately in length. Its upper parts are light brown and barred black with white streaks. Its throat is white, its foreneck is buff with black streaking, its breast is buff and its belly is white. Its crown is dark brown and the sides of its head are buff. The legs are bright yellow and the inner webs of its primaries are uniformly dark, unlike in the closely related spotted nothura.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the white-bellied nothura eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The white-bellied nothura prefers dry shrubland regions up to in altitude. It can also be found in dry grassland, savanna, caatinga, and occasionally pastures. This species is native to northeastern and central Brazil, eastern Bolivia and Paraguay.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies this species as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .
External links.
ar:تنام أبيض المنقار

</doc>
<doc id="9830383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830383" title="The Story of 1">
The Story of 1

The Story of 1 is a BBC documentary about the history of numbers, and in particular, the number 1. It was presented by ex-Monty Python member Terry Jones. It was released in 2005.
Plot.
Terry Jones first journeys to Africa, where bones have been discovered with notches in them. However, there is no actual way of knowing if they were used for counting.
Jones then discusses the Ishango Bone, which must have been used for counting, because there are 60 scratches on each side of the bone. Jones declares this "the birth of one"; a defining moment in history of mathematics.
He then journeys to Sumer. Shortly after farming had been invented and humans were starting to build houses, they started to represent 1 with a token. With this, it was possible for the first time in history to do arithmetic. The Sumarians would enclose a certain number of tokens in a clay envelope and imprint the number of tokens on the outside. However, it was realized that you could simply write the number on a clay tablet.
To explore why the development of numbers occurred here and not some other place, Jones travels to Australia and meets a tribe called the Warlpiri. In their language, there are no words for numbers. When an individual is asked how many grandchildren he has, he simply replies he has "many", while he in fact has four.
In Egypt, the numeral system provides a fascinating glimpse of Egyptian society, as larger numbers seem more applicable to higher strata of society. It went something like this: One was a line, ten was a rope, a hundred a coil of rope (three symbols for smaller numbers, probably applicable to the average Egyptian), a thousand a lotus (a symbol of pleasure), ten thousand was a commanding finger, and a million - a number the Sumerians would never have dreamed of - was the symbol of a prisoner begging for forgiveness.
The Egyptians had a standard unit, the cubit, which was instrumental for building wonders such as the pyramids.
Terry Jones then journeys to Greece to cover the time of Pythagoras. Jones discusses with mathematician Marcus de Sautoy Pythagoras' obsession with numbers, his secret society, his dedication to numbers, the Pythagorean theorem, and his flawed belief that all things could be measured in units (brought down by the attempt to measure the hypotenuse of an isosceles right triangle, in units relative to the two legs).
Archimedes was also in love with numbers. He tried to see what would happen if you took a sphere and turned it into a cylinder. This concept would later be applied to map making. Archimedes lived in Syracuse which at the time was at war with Rome. Archimedes was killed by a Roman soldier while working on a mathematical problem. The Romans were not interested in maths, and as a result mathematics declined. The Roman numeral system was clumsy and inefficient. One reason that Terry Jones theorizes might be the reason, was the fact that the numerals that the Romans used were basically the old-fashioned lines of the Ishango bone.
Jones discusses India's invention of a more efficient numeral system, including the invention of the concept of zero. He explains how the concept traveled West to the Caliphate. Then it arrived in Italy where it met fierce resistance. The reason for this was because most people were familiar only with the Roman numerals and not the superior Indian numerals. Eventually, the Hindu-Arabic numerals displaced the Roman ones.
Jones discusses finally how Gottfried Leibniz invented the binary system, which is the foundation for modern digital computers. He planned on building a mechanical computer to use this system, but never followed through with the plan. Leibniz was convinced that 1 and 0 were the only numbers anyone really needed. In 1944, a computer called Colossus was used to crack enemy codes during World War II. Computers like Colossus evolved into modern computers, which are used for every type of number calculation.

</doc>
<doc id="9830391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830391" title="Ladurée">
Ladurée

Ladurée () is a French luxury bakery and sweets maker house created in 1862. It is one of the top premier sellers of the double-decker macaron, fifteen thousand of which are sold every day. They are still one of the best known makers of macarons in the world. The Pâtisserie E. Ladurée company (société Pâtisserie E. Ladurée) is a "société par actions simplifiée" (simplified joint stock corporation) and has its head office in Marcq-en-Barœul, in France. 
History.
Louis-Ernest Ladurée, a miller, was a prolific writer and produced works in almost every literary form including plays, poetry, novels, essays, historical and scientific works, more than 20,000 letters and more than 2,000 books and pamphlets. He was an outspoken supporter of social reform, despite strict censorship laws and harsh penalties for those who broke them. As a satirical polemicist, he frequently made use of his works to criticize intolerance, religious dogma and the French institutions of his day. He founded the bakery on the Rue Royale, Paris in 1862. During the Paris Commune uprising of 1871 the bakery was burnt down. A pastry shop was built at the same location and Jules Chéret was entrusted with the interior decoration. The chubby cherubs dressed as pastry cooks, painted by him on the ceiling, form the company's emblem. The interior of the premises were painted in the same celadon colour as the façade. Ladurée's rise to fame came in 1930 when his grandson, Pierre Desfontaines, had the original idea of the double-decker, sticking two macaron shells together with a creamy ganache as filling. Queen Catherine de' Medici had brought the macaron to France from Italy in the 16th century, and the recipe for the biscuit had hardly varied over the years, but the amounts of the ingredients used and the appearance of the end product were up to the individual bakers.
Desfontaines also opened a tearoom at the pastry shop. In those days ladies were not admitted to cafés, which were the exclusive domain of men. This was a big success with ladies, who enjoyed meeting in the freedom of the tearoom rather than their homes.
Present.
In 1993, the Groupe Holder took over the firm Ladurée. The Holder family also owns the PAUL bakery chain in France. Following the takeover, the company began an expansion drive to turn Ladurée from the single rue Royale bakery into a chain, setting up pastry shops and tea rooms on the Champs-Élysées and in Le Printemps Haussmann in 1997, followed by Ladurée Bonaparte in 2002. The International development of Ladurée started in 2005 with London, England.
Ladurée stores are now also present in Monaco, Switzerland, Japan, Italy, Lebanon, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Luxembourg, Kuwait, Ireland, and the USA. And more recently in Brazil, Sweden and Australia. Ladurèe has also opened its first Hong Kong store and Seoul store as of December 2012. 
In 2012, Ladurée will also release a collection of makeup inspired by the colors of their macarons. It will be available in Japan in February 2012, and in Europe from November 2012.
In February 2014, Marie-Hélène de Taillac, a jewelry designer, collaborated with Ladurée to create sets of fashion macaron. The box contining the macarons "depicts de Taillac’s “Rainbow” necklace, featuring gold sequins and the piece’s multicolored briolette gemstone". The item sells for USD$24. Ladurée will have Marie-Hélène de Taillac-inspired window installations in its stores of Tokyo, Paris, and New York City.
Culture.
Ladurée made the pastries for the film "Marie Antoinette", directed by Sofia Coppola; its famous macarons can be seen in a scene between Marie Antoinette and Ambassador Mercy.
They can also be seen in The CW's hit teen drama "Gossip Girl" as Blair Waldorf's favorite pastries.
Ladurée regularly collaborate with fashion designers: in 2009 with Christian Louboutin, then the same year with Marni.
In 2011, Ladurée was chosen to conceive macarons for Albert II, Prince of Monaco and Charlene Wittstock's wedding.
Locations.
Apart from six stores in Paris, one in Versailles and another three locations at Charles de Gaulle Airport, Ladurée also operates stores in the following cities, as of January 2014:
References.
A shop has been opened in Antwerp, Belgium in January 2013
There are two locations in Istanbul, Turkey

</doc>
<doc id="9830435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830435" title="Mikheyev v. Russia">
Mikheyev v. Russia

Mikheyev v. Russia was a 2006 court case involving Alexey Mikheyev and the Russian Federation. The case became notable as "the first serious victory in a case of torture" brought to the European Court of Human Rights against Russian government.
Mikheyev (himself a traffic police officer) was falsely accused of murder (his alleged victim later turned out to be alive and well) and tortured in police custody in order to extract a confession to the alleged crime. The abuse included administering electric shocks to Mikheyev's earlobes - the torture called "a phone call to Putin" by the torturers (). After surviving the torture, Mikheyev jumped out of a third-floor window to escape his tormentors; the fall resulted in a spinal cord injury that rendered him a paraplegic.
In the 2006 ruling, the European Court held unanimously that there had been:
According to Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, torture with electric shocks is common in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="9830445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830445" title="Art Long">
Art Long

Arthur (Art) Donnell Long (born October 1, 1972, in Rochester, New York) is an American former professional basketball player. A 6'9", 250 pound power forward out of the East High School and University of Cincinnati who also attended Independence Community Junior College, Dodge City Community College in Kansas and Southeastern Community College in Iowa, Long was not drafted but both the Portland Trail Blazers and Sacramento Kings signed him as a free agent in 1999, though he was waived before ever playing a game for either. He eventually played nine games with the Kings from February 2001 until the season ended. He spent the majority of his college and pro career at power forward and center but as a high schooler, Long displayed the ability to put the ball on the floor and play small forward.
Long's NBA career lasted 98 games, and enjoyed his most successful year in the 2001-02 season, starting 27 of his 63 games with the Seattle SuperSonics. In 2002-03, he played 26 games (19 with the Philadelphia 76ers, 7 for the Toronto Raptors). He also played 3 preseason games for the Cleveland Cavaliers, but was waived prior to the 2004-05 season.
Long also played in France for ASVEL Lyon-Villeurbanne in 2000-01.

</doc>
<doc id="9830485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830485" title="Boor">
Boor

Boor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9830494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830494" title="1918 in the United Kingdom">
1918 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1918 in the United Kingdom. This year sees the end of World War I after four years, which Britain and its allies won, and a major advance in women's suffrage.

</doc>
<doc id="9830514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830514" title="Sébastien Gondouin">
Sébastien Gondouin

Sébastien Gondouin (born 15 March 1976 in Créteil) is a retired French football (soccer) defender.

</doc>
<doc id="9830522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830522" title="Echinasteridae">
Echinasteridae

The Echinasteridae are a family of sea stars in the order Spinulosida, with these genera:

</doc>
<doc id="9830525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830525" title="Wadamisaki Line">
Wadamisaki Line

The is an unofficial name for the spur line of the Sanyō Main Line, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and connecting Hyogo on the main line and Wadamisaki.
Operation.
The line has only two stops, and only operates during morning and evening, and mainly serves commuters to the Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Mitsubishi Electric factories in the Wadamisaki industrial area of Kobe.
Although the line is officially part of the Sanyo Main Line, there is no regular through service between the branch and the main line, and Wadamisaki Branch trains depart from a separate platform at Hyogo. Because the line has no intermediate station and Wadamisaki Station is unmanned, all fare collection is conducted at Hyogo. The line makes just two daily roundtrips on weekends, with additional trips for events at Kobe Wing Stadium, the home stadium of J-League club Vissel Kobe.
History.
The line was opened on 8 July 1890, and electrified in 2001.
There is also a spur to the now-defunct Hyōgo Kaigan Line (operated 1910-1984) about 1 km away from Hyōgo Station and a link to the Mitsubishi Heavy Industries shipbuilding facility at Kobe Shipyard just after Wadamisaki Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="9830532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830532" title="List of municipalities of the Dominican Republic">
List of municipalities of the Dominican Republic

The provinces of the Dominican Republic are divided into two or more municipalities ("municipios" singular "municipio") with the exception of the Distrito Nacional which consist of only one municipality – Santo Domingo. They are the second-level political and administrative subdivisions of the country.
The division of the provinces into municipalities is laid down in the constitution (Titulo I Seccion II Art. 5 2002 constitution). and enacted by law. Currently by law 5220 about the territorial division of the Dominican Republic ("Ley No. 5220 sobre División Territorial de la República Dominicana") issued 1959 and frequently amended to create new provinces, municipalities and lower level administrative units.
Administration.
The municipalities are governed by municipal councils ("ayuntamientos") and a mayor ("Síndico") elected by their inhabitants as determined by the constitution (Titulo VIII Art. 82 2002 constitution) and law 3455 about the administration of municipalities ("Ley 3455 de Organización Municipal"). 
When a municipality consists of more than one urban center those beside the municipality's seat can be elevated to the status of a municipal district ("distrito municipal"). A municipal council ("Junta Municipal") for such a municipal district is nominated by the municipal council of the municipality to which it belongs (Ley 3455 Titulo I Capitulo IV).
The rural parts of a municipality are divided into districts ("Secciones" literally sections) which are further divided into neighborhoods ("Parajes" literally places). The municipal councils appoint district mayors ("Alcalde pedáneo") which represent the municipal administration at district level (Ley 3455 Titulo I Capitulo V).
As the municipalities differ largely by population they or the urban centers of them may be cities ("Ciudades"), the capital of a province or with more than 10,000 inhabitants, towns ("Villas"), the seat of a municipality or with more than 1,000 inhabitants or villages ("Poblados") with less than 1,000 inhabitants.
Municipalities.
The following is a list of the 159 municipalities ("municipios") of the Dominican Republic as of June 7, 2014.157 Municipios de la Rep. Dominicana
Statistics.
For population figures as of the 2002 census for the urban centers and seats ("cabeceras" literally heads) of municipalities and municipal districts with more than 10,000 inhabitants see the list of cities in the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="9830536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830536" title="Pasupati Bose">
Pasupati Bose

Pasupati Bose (1 November 1907 in Berhampore, West Bengal – 1979, in Kolkata) was an Indian physician and professor of anatomy. 
Information.
Bose passed his Matriculation Exam in 1923 from Murshidabad Zilla School and ranked first. He never stood second in his school or college. He went to Kolkata (Calcutta) to study medicine. He received his MBBS and DM from the University of Calcutta in 1932. He not only received first rank, but also scored 968 out of 1000 which is a record which still (2007) stands. He was awarded several gold medals as a student.
Bose joined the Kolkata Medical College as a professor of anatomy and gradually became the most famous and respected professor from his college.
He married in 1938 and became a father of a son and a daughter.
In 1952, he went to the United States at the invitation of the Rockefeller Foundation. There he spent one year giving lectures in different American Universities. Subsequently he was awarded the title of Fellow of the Royal Society, UK. 
During the last five years of his service at the Kolkata Medical College, he became the Vice-Principal as per the request from his close associate and the Chief Minister of West Bengal of that time Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy.
He died in 1979 at the age of 72. He will remain the ever remembered Professor of Anatomy of the Kolkata Medical College. "Pasupati Bose Lane", a street in Kolkata, is named after him.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="9830548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830548" title="Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia">
Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia

Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia (13 January 1900 – 12 September 1974) was a son of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia. He was a nephew of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia.
Born in Imperial Russia during the reign of his uncle, Prince Nikita escaped the fate of many of his relatives killed by the Bolsheviks. He left Russia in April 1919, at age nineteen. In 1922 he married Countess Maria Vorontsova-Dashkova. The couple had two children. 
Russian prince.
Prince Nikita Alexandrovich was born in Saint Petersburg at his parent's palace on 106 Moika street. He was the son of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia. He was a grandson of Emperor Alexander III of Russia and his consort, Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia (born Princess Dagmar of Denmark)
Prince Nikita spent his childhood and adolescence in fabulous splendor under the reign of his uncle, Tsar Nicholas II. He also traveled with his parents through Europe. A favorite destination was Ai-Todor, his father's estate, located in Crimea on the shores of the Black Sea. It was there, where Prince Nikita and his immediate family found refuge from the disturbances in the former Imperial capital after the fall of the monarchy in Russia in February 1917. For a time, they lived there undisturbed. Their situation deteriorated after the Bolsheviks rose to power.
Prince Nikita was placed under house arrest with his parents and other members of the Romanov family in Crimea for sometime. He left Russia on 11 April 1919 with the help of his great aunt Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom (née Princess Alexandra of Denmark), Dowager Empress Maria’s sister. King George V of the United Kingdom sent the British warship HMS Marlborough which brought Prince Nikita's family and other members of the Romanov dynasty, headed by the Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna from the Crimea over the Black Sea to Malta and then to England.
Exile.
During his first years in exile Prince Nikita lived in Paris in the house of his sister Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia. He moved later to England where he graduated from Oxford University. 
Prince Nikita Alexandrovich married a childhood friend: Countess Maria Vorontsova-Dashkova (13 February 1903 in Tsarskoye Selo, Russia – 15 June 1997 in Cannes, France) in Paris, France. Well known by White Russians in exile for her elegance and grace, the Princess was a daughter of Count Hilarion Vorontsov Illarionovich - Dashkov and his first wife, Irina, born Naryshkina. Maria was a direct descendant of several Russian noble families, including Dolgorukov, Naryshkin, and Shuvalov. The wedding took place on 19 February 1922 in Paris. The couple had two sons:
In the early 1920s in Paris, the Princess, with her husband's helped to create a collection for the company IRFE owned by Prince Felix Yusupov and his wife Princess Irina Alexandrovna, Nikita's sister. After the birth of his youngest son, Prince Nikita moved his family from Paris to England where his mother, Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna lived.
In exile, Nikita Alexandrovich was an active in the monarchist movement. He was a member of the oldest monarchist organization, the Supreme Monarchist Council. He was particularly involved during the 1920s and 1930s.
At the outbreak World War II, Prince Nikita was living in Paris with his family. Unable to return to London, they moved to Rome and later to Czechoslovakia. As the Red Army advanced on the Eastern Front, fearing to end up in Soviet-occupied territory, the family moved back to Paris. When the war ended, they emigrated to the United States in 1946 settling in Monterey, California where Prince Nikita Alexandrovich taught Russian in army units. He later moved to New York city, working in banks and offices. Prince Nikita Alexandrovich never recognized the rights to the throne of Grand Duke Vladimir Kirillovich of Russia and in 1959 he publicly dismissed Grand Duke Vladimir Kirillovich's claims to the vacant Russian throne. 
Throughout his life, Prince Nikita Aleksandrovich did not adopt any nationality, he decided to remain only Russian.
In the early 1970s, Prince Nikita Alexandrovich and his wife returned to France. He died in 1974 in Cannes. He had wished to be buried in Ai-Todor in Crimea, but was buried in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, next to his parents.
Title and style.
"N.B. After the Russian revolution members of the Imperial family tended to drop the territorial designation “of Russia” and use the princely title with the surname Romanov.

</doc>
<doc id="9830575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830575" title="List of micropolitan areas in Mississippi">
List of micropolitan areas in Mississippi

The State of Mississippi has a total of twenty micropolitan areas that are fully or partially located in the state. 27 of the state's 82 counties are considered by the United States Census Bureau as micropolitan. As of the 2000 Census, these counties had a combined population of 1,001,735 (35.2% of the state's total population). Based on a July 1, 2008 population estimate, that figure had declined to 998,992 (33.8% of the state's total population).
Micropolitan areas.
1 - part of the Columbus-West Point combined statistical area<br>
2 - part of the Jackson-Yazoo City combined statistical area

</doc>
<doc id="9830601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830601" title="Michel Rodriguez">
Michel Rodriguez

Michel Rodriguez (born 25 November 1978 in Montpellier) is a French football defender who currently plays for FC Rouen.
Career.
Rodriguez won the 1997 UEFA European Under-18 Championship with France.

</doc>
<doc id="9830648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830648" title="Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum">
Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum

Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum (NOESIS) is located at the outskirts of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece.
The museum’s main objective is to offer to the public an environment that facilitates the familiarization with and the understanding of science and technology. The foundation is also actively engaged in the protection of the Greek Technological Heritage. NOESIS has a 150-seat digital planetarium, a 300-seat Cosmotheatre with the largest flat screen in Greece, a 200-seat amphitheatre, as well as a motion simulator theater with three platforms, 3-D projection, and 6-axis movement. Elena Paparizou, a Greek pop singer, filmed part of a videoclip for her song "Number One", that won the Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
History.
NOESIS was founded in 1978 as a cultural and educational non-profit organization. In 1998, the museum initiated a project that aimed at the construction of a new facility and the development of a new spectrum of activities. The project was completed successfully and the new foundation "Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum - NOESIS" was established. The project had a total budget of approximately €29 million and was co-funded by the European Union, the EEA – EFTA States and the Greek government.
Collection and exhibits.
The museum currently features many exhibits, including "Technology of Transportation," featuring antique car models that mark the history of automobiles. In the near future, the exhibition hall will also include an exhibit on Ancient Greek technology; also, NOESIS will be opening the Center for Creativity and Innovation, a facility for students, as well as a Techno-park.

</doc>
<doc id="9830661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830661" title="Jarmil Burghauser">
Jarmil Burghauser

Jarmil Michael Burghauser (born Jarmil Michael Mokrý, October 21, 1921, PísekFebruary 19, 1997, Prague) was a Czech composer, conductor, and musicologist. 
After the short-lived Prague Spring, he incurred the disfavor of his country's Communist regime and had to adopt the pseudonym Michal Hájků in order to write a series of compositions in a style which evoked earlier periods of music, called "Storie apocrifa della musica Boema".
The works of Antonín Dvořák are commonly referred to today by their Burghauser numbers (as an alternative to the often confusing or absent opus numbers), which come from an authoritative chronological catalog Burghauser prepared of Dvořák's œuvre. Dvořák's pieces were not published in the order he wrote them, and his publisher gave his works opus numbers corresponding to publishing date. Burghauser has helped greatly to clear up this confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="9830698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830698" title="Una Pope-Hennessy">
Una Pope-Hennessy

__NOTOC__
Dame Una Constance Pope-Hennessy, DBE (1876 – 17 August 1949), née Birch, was a British writer, historian and biographer. She was the daughter of Sir Arthur Birch, and married Major (later Major-General) Richard Pope-Hennessy in 1910.
During the First World War, she was a member of the Central Prisoners of War Committee of the British Red Cross Society. For this work, she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours. Her two sons were both notable in their own right: James Pope-Hennessy was a writer and Sir John Pope-Hennessy an art historian.
Selected bibliography.
Pope-Hennessy's books, usually published as Una Birch, included:

</doc>
<doc id="9830701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830701" title="List of statues by height">
List of statues by height

The following is a list of statues by height.

</doc>
<doc id="9830717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830717" title="Nicolas Édouard Delabarre-Duparcq">
Nicolas Édouard Delabarre-Duparcq

Nicolas Édouard Delabarre-Duparcq (1819–1893) was a French military critic and historian, born at Saint-Cloud, Seine-et-Oise. He studied at the Ecole Polytechnique and in 1849 was appointed professor of military history at the École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr. Having entered the engineers in 1841, he rose in 1871 to the rank of colonel and was retired in 1879. He wrote in addition to memoirs for the Academy of Moral and Political Sciences: 

</doc>
<doc id="9830729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830729" title="Christophe Himmer">
Christophe Himmer

Christophe Himmer (born 22 January 1976) is a French football (soccer) Midfielder. He currently plays for Tours FC.

</doc>
<doc id="9830731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830731" title="Indianola School District">
Indianola School District

The Indianola School District is a public school district based in Indianola, Mississippi (USA).
History.
Isabel Lee was the school district's first African-American board member.
After the U.S. v. Indianola Municipal School District court case ruled in favor of the federal government on a Friday, the White townspeople almost immediately established Indianola Academy, with classes beginning on a Monday. Plans to establish a segregation academy had been in the running prior to the court case. Isabel Lee, then the sole African-American on the board, recalled that no White students showed up at Gentry High School on that Monday. By 1985, over 90% of the pupils and most of the teachers in the school district were African-American.
In 2009 the State of Mississippi took over the school district because it had insufficient funds, and was therefore unable to meet payroll. In February 2012 the Mississippi Senate voted 43-4 to pass Senate Bill 2330, to consolidate the Indianola School District, the Drew School District, and the Sunflower County School District into one school district. The bill went to the Mississippi House of Representatives. In May 2012 Governor of Mississippi Phil Bryant signed the bill into law, requiring all three districts to consolidate. SB2330 stipulates that if a county has three school districts all under conservatorship by the Mississippi Department of Education will have them consolidated into one school district serving the entire county. For the 2012-2013 school year Indianola School District will remain a separate school district.
Schools.
Zoned secondary schools:
Zoned primary schools:
Indianola Career and Technical Center and Indianola Academic Achievement Academy, 10-12 schools, are also a part of the district.
In the mid-2000s the schools (aside from Gentry) were Lockard Elementary School, Carver Lower Elementary School, Carver Upper Elementary School, Robert L. Merritt Middle School, and Pennington Jr. High School.
Demographics.
As of 1996 9 of 10 students in the Indianola School District are African-American. Most of the White students who attend Indianola public schools transfer to private schools by junior high school. In 2012 Sarah Carr of "The Atlantic" said "While there's some modest racial integration at Indianola's public elementary schools, by high school all but a few white students have departed."
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 2,589 students enrolled in the Indianola School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 95.21% African American, 3.59% White, 0.97% Hispanic, 0.23% Asian. 84.8% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9830735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830735" title="Catholic novitiate">
Catholic novitiate

A novice in Catholic law and tradition, is a "prospective" member of a religious institute who is being tried and being proven for suitability of admission to a religious order of brothers, sisters or monks. 
Novices are not admitted to vows until they have successfully completed the prescribed period of training and proving, called the novitiate. In the Middle Ages novices typically would have dormitories in separate areas within a monastery; an early Cistercian monastery, Royal Monastery of Our Lady of the Wheel, founded in 1202, has this chamber clearly visible today.
Earlier, different orders followed their own rules governing the length and conditions of the novitiate. However, in response to the Protestant Reformation, the Council of Trent legislated the length and conditions by which anyone aspiring to become a monk is obliged to be a novice; the usual period is for at least one year, depending on the aptitude of the candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="9830745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830745" title="Maria Severa-Onofriana">
Maria Severa-Onofriana

Maria Severa Onofriana (1820November 30, 1846), also known simply as A Severa, is regarded as the first fado singer to have risen to fame, attaining a near-mythical status after her death. Fado has been described as the Portuguese expression of 'the blues,' and fado roughly means fate.
Biography.
Maria Severa Onofriana was born in Lisbon, Portugal in the neighborhood of Madragoa in 1820. She was the daughter of Severo Manuel and Ana Gertrudes. Her mother was the owner of a tavern and had the nickname "A Barbuda" ("the bearded woman"). Severa is said to have been a tall and gracious prostitute, and would sing the fado in taverns, where she would also play the Portuguese guitar. She is known to have had several lovers, including Francisco de Paula Portugal e Castro, 13th Count of Vimioso, who brought her to attend bullfights (a public and important social event of that time).
She died of tuberculosis on November 30, 1846, on "Capelão" street in Mouraria, Lisbon, and afterward was buried on a common ditch on the cemetery of "Alto de São João". 
Her fame was due to a novel by Júlio Dantas, entitled "A Severa", which was then made into a play and that was brought to stage in 1901. In 1931, director Leitão de Barros turned the play into the first Portuguese film to feature sound, "A Severa".
A romantic musical, Maria Severa Onofriana, opened July 19, 2011, at the Shaw Festival in Niagara-On-The-Lake, Ontario. Book, music and lyrics by Jay Turvey and Paul Sportelli, directed by Jackie Maxwell and starring Julie Martell as Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="9830751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830751" title="Maurice Taieb">
Maurice Taieb

Maurice Taieb, (born 1935) is a French geologist and paleoanthropologist who discovered the Hadar formation, recognised its potential importance to paleoanthropology and founded the International Afar Research Expedition (IARE). This enabled co-director Donald Johanson to discover the 3.2 million year old Australopithecine fossil Lucy fossil in the Awash Valley of Ethiopia's Afar Depression.
Taieb is currently Director of Research for the National Centre for Scientific Research (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique) (CNRS), at the European Centre of Research and Teaching of Geosciences of the Environment (Centre Européen de Recherche et d'Enseignement de Géosciences de l'Environnement) (CEREGE), in Aix-en-Provence.
Early life.
Taieb was born in Tunisia in 1935 to a Tunisian father and a French mother. He travelled though the African outback with his uncle, a merchant who traded with the Bedouin on the outskirts of Tunis. He received his doctorate from the University of Paris VI in 1974, with a thesis on the geology of the Awash River basin.
Taieb started his geological exploration of the Afar region of Ethiopia in 1966 by Landrover and donkey, discovered the Hadar fossil fields in 1968, founded the IARE in 1972, and was present when Donald Johanson discovered fossil fragments of Lucy in 1974.
Taieb, along with co-directors of IARE Donald Johanson and Yves Coppens played a key role in identifying the geology and history of the Afar region, which has yielded hominid specimens back to 6 million years old. His investigations of the Afar region were challenged by the extreme harshness of the desert environment, famine, conflicts with local tribesmen, such as the Issa, the prolonged political strife including the closure by the Derg government during the 1980s in the fallout from a ‘grave robbing’ incident between them and Don Johanson, plus ongoing hostilities between militias.

</doc>
<doc id="9830753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830753" title="David H. S. Richardson">
David H. S. Richardson

Dr. David H. S. Richardson is a British and Canadian lichenologist noted for his studies on the effects of air pollution upon lichens.   David Richardson was a professor at Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland before transferring to Saint Mary's University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.   Until July 2006, David Richardson had served as Dean of Science at St. Mary's University for numerous years. 
Professor Richardson usually teaches a week long seminar on lichen identification each summer at the Humboldt Field Research Institute at Eagle Hill along the coast of Maine. 
Honors bestowed upon David H. S. Richardson.
On line publication Iturriaga, Teresa and David L. Hawksworth. 2004. Skyttea richardsonii sp. nov. from Maine, with a key to the species known from North America. Mycologia 96 (4):925-928.

</doc>
<doc id="9830772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830772" title="Para One">
Para One

Jean-Baptiste de Laubier (born 2 April 1979), also known by his artist name Para One, is a French electronic music producer and film director.
Music career.
Laubier first came to prominence as one of the main producers of French rap group TTC, and was responsible for producing their 2004 signature tune "Dans Le Club". With fellow TTC producer Tacteel he made up the now defunct live/improvised electro outfit Fuck-A-Loop (whose only recorded material prior to 2007's nine hour digital album "The Early Aughties" was a 2006 remix of Ellen Allien's "Down"). In 2006, he remixed "The Prime Time of Your Life" by French house duo Daft Punk.
In 2008, Para One got his biggest commercial hit by remixing #1-hit song "Greatful Days" by Japanese popstar Ayumi Hamasaki. This song was released on the album .
He also produced the soundtrack of the film "Water Lilies" directed by Céline Sciamma in 2007. In 2011, the song "Always" from his and Tacteel's "Fair Enough EP" was featured in the same director's film "Tomboy".
Film career.
Apart from his musical career, Jean-Baptiste de Laubier also works as a film director. In 2009, he directed the short movie "It Was On Earth That I Knew Joy" for French brand Sixpack France.
The movie was presented on February 20, 2010 at SCION Installation, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9830777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830777" title="Annabouboula">
Annabouboula

Annabouboula 
is a Greek-American musical act based in New York City featuring vocalist Anna Paidoussi and producers George Sempepos and Christopher Lawrence. Annabouboula first released records and performed in 1980s and 1990s.
Musical Influences and Style.
According to its creator, producer Christopher Lawrence, Annabouboula originally was an experiment in applied cultural anthropology. Lawrence wanted to use contemporary New York musicians to record traditional Greek folk music and older Greek popular music as a way to encourage contemporary Greek rock musicians to create new hybrids rather than slavishly imitate non-Greek styles. In late 1985, he recruited Anna Paidoussi, an operatically trained Greek-American singer who was familiar with modern Greek music, to be the Anna for an act he dubbed "Annabouboula", which is a Greek expression that means noisy confusion. WIth Anna's vocal abilities in mind, Lawrence and co-producer Sempepos selected existing songs and also composed new songs, which were derived from the repertoire of the indigenous Greek genres rembetiko, laika and dhimotika; the band would then set about re-arranging the songs to use contemporary sounds and rhythms associated with contemporary New York synthpop, experimental and post-new wave scenes. In the late 1980s, Annabouboula was one of the first American-based acts that could be categorized as world music or world beat, terms that were first gaining currency at that time. The liner notes of the Shanachie release of "In the Baths of Constantinople" say, "What did was take a traditional belly dance and "rembetiko" music (smokey Greek blues) and electrify them, adding a funky rhythm and a wild psychedelic undertow to these dark and moody songs of passion and heartbreak." A review at Allmusic.com says, "[It combines traditional Greek belly-dance music with elements of rock, hip-hop and dance music" and says of Anna Paidoussi that she may have been raised in the US, but that doesn't stop her from singing passionately in Greek on both originals and daring interpretations of classic Greek rembetiko and bouzouki songs.
History.
The group's initial recordings in New York City included contributions from musicians Bond Bergland, Hearn Gadbois and Chris Cunningham, who later formed their own group called The Saqqara Dogs. These early recordings, especially the track "Hamam", an original song based in part on the "Rembetiko" standard "Μες Της Πόλις Το Χαμάμ" "(In The Baths Of Constantinople)" re-mixed by New York-based Swiss producer Roli Mosimann, caught the attention of Greek radio deejay Giannis Petridis, who enabled its release as an extended-play maxi-single on the Virgin Greece record label in 1986. Chris Lawrence personally imported copies of the maxi-single and sent them around to radio and club deejays in the U.S. Subsequently Sempepos, Lawrence and Paidoussi recorded more material working as a studio act with occasional guest collaborators, such as John Linnell of They Might Be Giants. In 1987 Virgin Records in the U.K. distributed a full-length vinyl LP called "Hamam" that included most of these early recordings; In 1990 this LP was licensed by Shanachie Records and released in the U.S. with the title "In The Baths of Constantinople" on CD and vinyl.
Meanwhile, a second LP was recorded by the trio and mixed by New York hip-hop producer Paul C (Paul C. McKasty). Most of this material was released in Greece on the BMG label as a vinyl L.P. with the title "Φοτιά /Burn Down The Coffee House" in 1989. In 1991, after extensive overdubbing and re-mixing, this material was released in the U.S. on CD only by Shanachie Records with the title "Greek Fire".
In 1990, in anticipation of the American release of its two albums, Annabouboula created a live performing act that included Anna Paidoussi on vocals, George Sempepos on guitar, George Stathos on electric clarinet, and Peter Basil on percussion. This group's first appearance was on the U.S. television show "Night Music With David Sanborn" ( Sunday Night (American TV program) ). Soon afterwards the group started performing in the U.S. and Canada with additional members Wil Hinds on bass and Akis Perdikis on drums. Later members included Richard Bennett on keyboards and Oren Freed or Tom Schmidt on drums. 
From 1991 to 1994, in addition to maintaining Annbouboula as a live act, Paidoussi, Sempepos, and Lawrence continued working as a studio trio to record new material; however after the group's last performances in 1993 Annabouboula effectively went into hibernation for 15 years, during which time only one song was released, for inclusion on the charity CD "Balkans Without Borders" (1999). In 2008 the group resumed working on the album it had started recording, overdubbing and adding new material. Most of the music accompanying Paidoussi's vocals was performed by Sempepos with contributions from members of The ByzanTones, a group he assembled to perform instrumental surf music with Greek and Middle Eastern influences. In 2010, this album was completed and released on Sempepos' own label, Byzan-Tone Records, with the title "Immortal Water". The title song is an adaptation of an Asia Minor Greek folk song "Aidinikos Dance" as recorded in the 1920s by Greek-American singer Marika Papagika.

</doc>
<doc id="9830793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830793" title="Our Lady of Perpetual Help Catholic Church, London">
Our Lady of Perpetual Help Catholic Church, London

Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church is a Roman Catholic church in Fulham, in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. The church was designed by Benedict Williamson, an architect who later became a Catholic priest. It is situated on Stephendale Road and the parish house is situated on Tynemouth Street.
Interior.
Its soaring classical columns and Romanesque arches emphasizes the light and space of the church giving it a height and grandeur that make it look deceptively large. The church was built just after the discovery Tutankhamen’s tomb in Egypt, so there are interior details that reflect the fascination with Egyptian pictures from the time. The Stations of the Cross each have a meditation in their own right.
History.
In 1914, a local lady lost her son in action in the First World War. In 1922, she bought the local rubbish tip and built the church of Our Lady there in the memory of her son. She presented a silver cup to the first baby baptized here and a suite of furniture to the first couple married. It has been a parish church ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="9830813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830813" title="Qalaye Niazi">
Qalaye Niazi

Qalaye Niazi (Niazi Fort) is a village located about 2.5 miles north of the capital city Gardez, Paktia Province, Afghanistan. It is also about 84 miles south of Kabul.

</doc>
<doc id="9830839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830839" title="Tachikawa Ki-77">
Tachikawa Ki-77

The Tachikawa Ki-77 was a Japanese very long-range experimental transport and communications aircraft of World War II derived from a design commissioned by a newspaper to break the flight distance record set by a rival. It was a low-wing cabin monoplane with twin piston engines and a tailwheel undercarriage.
Development.
The Ki-77 was the Japanese Army Air Force designation for the A-26, a clean, slim low wing twin engine monoplane intended for an endurance flight between New York and Tokyo. The A stood for the name of the sponsor, a newspaper Asahi Shinbun which was vying for records with a rival paper which had sponsored the Mitsubishi Ki-15 "Kamikaze" flight to the United Kingdom in 1937. 26 was for the 26th century of the Japanese Imperial Dynasty - 1940 was year 2600 in the Japanese calendar.
The overall design was developed under the aegis of Dr. Hidemasa Kimura of the Aeronautical Research Institute of the University of Tokyo with Tachikawa being responsible for manufacturing and detail drafting work. The layout was finalized in the Autumn of 1940 with the first flight expected in late 1941 but this was canceled with the start of the war against the United States and the reallocation of priorities. The design included a number of novel features, including a high aspect laminar flow wing for reduced drag and a sealed (unpressurized) cabin to reduce the need for oxygen masks at its intended operating altitude as well as special low drag cowlings.
Flight from Japan to Germany.
In response to a flight made by an Italian Savoia-Marchetti S.M.75GA which flew to Japan in July 1942 with stops in Russia and China, the Japanese decided to forge a link with Europe, but wished to avoid Russian controlled airspace and development work was restarted. The first of two prototypes flew on 18 November 1942. The Ki-77 suffered from persistent oil cooling problems which required many changes before being solved, delaying any flight into July 1943. While working on the problem, Tachikawa built a second aircraft. The easiest route was that taken by the Italians, following the great circle route, but General Tojo opposed this because it implied a violation of Soviet airspace. Japan was not at war with the Russians and Tojo wished to avoid either provoking them or asking their permission.
Colonel Saigo considered the "Seiko" (Success) mission (as it was named) absurd and suicidal but the crew was aware of the hazards of the mission. They even had a personal dose of poison to kill themselves, if they were forced down in enemy territory. The pilot was Juukou Nagatomo, the co-pilot was Hajime Kawasaki, Kenji Tsukakoshi and Noriyoshi Nagata were flight engineers, and Motohiko Kawashima was the radio operator. They carried three Army officers as passengers, two of which were Military attaches. They departed Japan on 30 June 1943 for Singapore, where the airstrip had to be lengthened by 1,000 meters to assure a safe take-off. Finally, the A-26 took off at 7:10 on 7 July 1943 with 8 tons of fuel, ample to reach Europe.
Their intended destination was the German airfield at Sarabus (now Hvardiiske, Crimea, Ukraine .) but they were to disappear over the Indian Ocean. British fighters likely intercepted them as they were aware of the flight and its route (via air grid squares 3420, 2560 and 2510) thanks to the ULTRA analysts at Bletchley Park decoding intercepted German communications to Sarabus warning of their impending arrival. Unarmed and without armour protection and with a substantial amount of fuel on board, the Ki-77 would have been vulnerable to allied fighters, even assuming no mechanical problems occurred.
Endurance Record Flight.
Japan carried out a second flight to gain an endurance record and to verify the Ki-77's capabilities. The existing record had been held by the previously mentioned Savoia-Marchetti SM.75GA since 1939. Even if in 1944 the usefulness of record breaking flights was overshadowed by the necessities of war, the Japanese needed a propaganda coup and the surviving Ki-77 was available. On 2 July it flew 19 circuits over a triangular route off Manchuria, landing 57 hours 9 minutes later and covering 16,435 km at an average speed of 288.2 km/h, 3,499 km more than the SM.75's 12,936 km record. The Ki-77 landed with 800 liters remaining in the tanks of the 12,200 liters it started with, so the maximum endurance was around 18,000 km.
The Ki-77's endurance record was exceeded in October 1946 by a Lockheed P2V-1 Neptune in a flight from Perth, Australia to Columbus, Ohio of over 18,083.6 km. None of these records was internationally recognized or officiated by the FAI.
A Ki-77 was still in existence when Japan surrendered and was shipped to the United States aboard the carrier USS Bogue from Yokosuka in December 1945, arriving at Alameda, CA on January 8, 1946 for examination, before being scrapped.
First Direct Non-Stop Flight.
The head designer Dr. Kimura was on the first direct flight between New York and Tokyo, in a Boeing 747SP in November 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="9830840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830840" title="Delivering as One">
Delivering as One

Delivering as One is the name of a report and an initiative. The report was issued by a United Nations panel established by the then UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, in 2005. The report explored how the United Nations system could work more coherently and effectively across the world in the areas of development, humanitarian assistance and the environment. The panel's report was issued in November 2006, and sets out a program of reform of the international humanitarian system. It focues on four main principiles: One Leader, One Budget, One Programme and One Office.
As a result, countries — both Government and UN partners — have undertaken efforts to work together more effectively and efficiently. The United Nations launched the “Delivering as One” pilot initiative in 2007 to respond to the challenges of a changing world and test how the UN family can provide development assistance in a more coordinated way in eight countries.
When the Secretary-General launched Delivering as One, the governments of eight countries—Albania, Cape Verde, Mozambique, Pakistan, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uruguay, and Viet Nam—volunteered to become “Delivering as One” pilots. The pilot countries agreed to work with the UN system to capitalize on the strengths and comparative advantages of the different members of the UN family. Together they are experimenting with ways to increase the UN system’s impact through more coherent programmes, reduced transaction costs for governments, and lower overhead costs for the UN system.
The Four principles
The eight pilots are making reforms based on four principles:
One Leader
One Budget
One Programme
One Office
These changes respond to varied needs while drawing on all parts of the UN system, whether based in the country or not. The exercise has already helped to align our programmes and funding more closely to national priorities. It has strengthened government leadership and ownership. It’s ensuring that governments have access to the experience and expertise of a wider range of United Nations organizations to respond to their national priorities. Several issues we work on have seen increased emphasis, most notably being support to the productive sector, employment, trade, protection of the environment, adaptation to climate change, the global food crisis, and the financial crisis. This improvement has emerged from a process where UN agencies that aren’t physically present in the pilot countries have been able to spend more time advising their governments without having to set up costly offices.
This effort is mostly led by the group the United Nations Development Group, a group of 32 United Nations specialised agencies working on International Development issues.

</doc>
<doc id="9830878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830878" title="Munesuke Mita">
Munesuke Mita

Biography.
After graduating from the University of Tokyo in 1960, Mita entered that university's graduate school where he completed the coursework for a doctorate.
Under his own name and with the pseudonym Yūsuke Maki (, "Maki Yūsuke"), Mita has published a large amount of material. His numerous books are mostly sociological but include one on Kenji Miyazawa. An English translation of one of his books together with excerpts from several others is published as "Social Psychology of Modern Japan." 
One of his sons is Ryūsuke Mita, creator of "Dragon Half".

</doc>
<doc id="9830888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830888" title="Stegnaster">
Stegnaster

Stegnaster is a genus of sea stars of the family Asterinidae, endemic to New Zealand. It contains two species: 

</doc>
<doc id="9830900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830900" title="Peter Burrell (1692–1756)">
Peter Burrell (1692–1756)

Peter Burrell (6 August 1692 – 16 April 1756) was a British politician.
He was the son of Peter Burrell and his wife Isabella Merrik, second daughter of John Merrik, and older brother of Sir Merrick Burrell, 1st Baronet. Burrell was sub-governor of the South Sea Company. He sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Haslemere from 1722 to 1754 and for Dover from 1755 to his death in 1756.
On 14 March 1723, he married Amy Raymond, daughter of Hugh Raymond. They had four sons and two daughters. His oldest son Peter represented Launceston and Totnes in the British House of Commons, while his third son William was also returned for Haslemere and succeeded later his father-in-law as baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="9830905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830905" title="40th Division (Imperial Japanese Army)">
40th Division (Imperial Japanese Army)

The was an infantry division in the Imperial Japanese Army. Its call sign was the . 
History.
The Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) 40th Division was raised as a triangular division on 30 June 1939 in Zentsuji city Kagawa prefecture. Its manpower came primarily from the four prefectures of Shikoku island. Although intended as a garrison force to maintain public order and to cover police duties in Japanese-occupied portions of China, due to the deteriorating situation in the Second Sino-Japanese War it was quickly assigned to front-line combat duties. 
The 40th Division was initially assigned to the Eleventh Army on 2 October 1939 and was stationed from Hankou to Guangji along the banks of the Yangtze River, then the Hubei Xianning area.
It was involved in combat during the Battle of Zaoyang-Yichang, Central Hopei Operation and the Battle of South Henan in 1940, and in the Second Battle of Changsha in 1941 and Third Battle of Changsha in 1942.
In April 1942, the 40th Division was one of the units assigned to capturing the downed American airmen of the Doolittle Mission in what came to be known as the Zhejiang-Jiangxi Campaign. From April 1944, it was assigned to Operation Ichi-go.
In January 1945, the 40th Division was assigned to guard the Canton - Hankou Railway. Afterwards, it came under the command of the Twenty-Third Army and stationed in the Guangdong-Macau area to counter anticipated landings by Allied forces. However, as American forces invaded Okinawa in April 1945, the 40th Division received orders to withdraw from Guangdong to Shanghai. In route, while in Nanchang, Jiangxi province, the war came to an end. The 40th Division's final orders were to withdraw from Nanchang to Nanjing, where it was demobilized, and its surviving troops were returned to Sasebo, Japan by May 1946.
Noted commanders in the history of the 40th Division include Lieutenant General Naojikiro Amaya, who commanded the division while it was stationed in Manchuria, from 2 October 1939 until 25 August 1941.
Organization.
The 40th Division was organized as a triangular division. 
40th Division - 
Reference and further reading.
Allentown, PA: 1981

</doc>
<doc id="9830917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830917" title="OAXAL">
OAXAL

OAXAL: Open Architecture for XML Authoring and Localization is an Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards (OASIS) standards-based initiative to encourage the development of an open Standards approach to XML Authoring and Localization. OAXAL is an official OASIS Reference Architecture Technical Committee. 
On 11 December 2009, the OASIS OAXAL TC approved the OAXAL v1.0 Reference Model as an official OASIS Committee Specification. 
The Open Architecture for XML Authoring and Localization (OAXAL) represents a comprehensive, efficient, and cost-effective model regarding the authoring and translation aspects of XML publishing. OAXAL encompasses the following key Open Standards:
Online documentation.
The full version of the OAXAL Reference Architecture is available online in wiki or PDF form.

</doc>
<doc id="9830964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830964" title="Psychic Lover">
Psychic Lover

In October 2007, the band performed in the United States for the first time at the Akiba Fest J-Pop Halloween Concert Ball in Springfield, Virginia.
Discography.
Singles.
All songs are performed by Psychic Lover unless otherwise noted

</doc>
<doc id="9830981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830981" title="Heino Kaski">
Heino Kaski

Heino Wilhelm Daniel Kaski (21 June 1885, Pielisjärvi – 20 September 1957, Helsinki) was a Finnish composer, teacher and pianist.
Kaski was born in Pielisjärvi into a cantor's family. His father taught him the violin, and was generally supportive: when Kaski dropped out of secondary school to study music full-time in Helsinki, he did not object. Kaski first studied at the Helsinki Cantor-Organist school, then entered the Philharmonic's Orchestra School. There, he continued studying the violin, but was also tutored in theory (by Ilmari Krohn) and composition (by Erkki Melartin).
In 1911, on Jean Sibelius' recommendation, Kaski received a grant that enabled him to study for four years in Berlin, under Paul Juon. In 1914 he returned to Finland; one of his larger works, "Symphony in B minor", was composed in 1914–1919 under partial guidance from Selim Palmgren. The symphony was performed on October 2, 1919. The same year, Kaski went to Europe again, to study under Otto Taubmann in Berlin, and then travelled and studied in Italy and France. He finally returned to Finland in 1924, and since then worked as music teacher in various schools. He gave nine composition concerts and in 1950 was awarded the Pro Finlandia medal. On 20 September 1957, aged 72, Kaski died in Helsinki. His death was overshadowed by that of Jean Sibelius, who died the same day, at the age of 91.
Kaski is best known for his piano miniatures (which number over one hundred), in which he displays a natural gift for melody, and for his songs (similarly more than one hundred of them), although he also authored numerous chamber works, four orchestral suites, and many other pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="9830987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830987" title="William Gaskill">
William Gaskill

William 'Bill' Gaskill (born 24 June 1930, Shipley, West Yorkshire) is a British theatre director.
He worked alongside Laurence Olivier as a founding director of the National Theatre from its time at the Old Vic in 1963. In 1962, he directed Vanessa Redgrave and Eric Porter in "Cymbeline" for the Royal Shakespeare Company.
He was the artistic director of the Royal Court Theatre between 1965 and 1972, where he directed premieres of plays by writers including David Hare, John Arden, Edward Bond and Arnold Wesker, as well as introducing many of Bertolt Brecht's works to British audiences.
In 1974 he co-founded the Joint Stock Theatre Company with Max Stafford-Clark, David Hare and David Aukin.
William Gaskill is an associate member of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Bibliography.
Gaskill, W. (1990), "A Sense of Direction", Limelight Editions, ISBN 0-87910-134-2

</doc>
<doc id="9830994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9830994" title="Lesser nothura">
Lesser nothura

The lesser nothura ("Nothura minor") is a type of Tinamou found in lowland dry grassland habitats in subtropical and tropical regions of southeastern South America.
Taxonomy.
This is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Habitats.
The lesser nothura inhabits lowland the dry grassland habitats of subtropical or tropical regions at an altitude range of . This tinamou can also be found in dry shrubland and savanna. It doesn't seem to like recently burned grasslands.
Range.
The lesser nothura is found in parts of southeastern Brazil and recently in one location in east-central Paraguay. It has been found in Brasilia National Park, IBGE Roncador Biological Reserve, and Taguatinga in the Federal District, Emas National Park and Luziânia in Goiás and Serra da Canastra National Park and Serra do Cipó National Park in Minas Gerais, Itapetininga Experimental Station and Itirapina Experimental Station in São Paulo, and at Laguna Blanca, San Pedro department.
Description.
The lesser nothura is approximately in length. The lesser nothura is rufescent with a chestnut crown and yellow mottling. Its face is buff, shades of yellow on its throat and dark brown spots turning to streaks at its breast. Its flanks have brown markings and its underparts are chestnut with rufous barring, its wings are rufous with dusky barring. Its legs are yellow, and its bill is black, and it has brown irises.
Behavior.
Its voice consists of long, high-pitched whistles. It probably breeds between October and February.
Conservation.
The IUCN has classified this species as Vulnerable due to the fragmentation of its population and the loss of its primary habitat. It has an occurrence range of and a 2000 estimate of adult birds placed it at around 9000, which may be a little liberal.
The habitats inhabited by lesser nothura are being rapidly destroyed by mechanised agriculture, intensive cattle-ranching, afforestation, invasive grasses, excessive use of pesticides and annual burning. By 1993, two-thirds of the Cerrado region had been heavily or moderately altered, with most of the destruction having occurred since 1950. Farming, ranching, fires, and pesticide are the practices that have the most impact on this species.
The lesser nothura is protected under Brazilian law, and conserved in Brasília National Park, Emas National Park and Serra da Canastra National Park, IBGE Roncador Biological Reserve, Itapetininga Experimental Station and Itirapina Experimental Station. It has been proposed to survey suitable habitat in Serra do Cipó National Park and Chapada dos Veadeiros National Park, using tape-playback. It was also proposed to identify other unprotected areas of suitable habitat in north-eastern Paraguay, north and west Minas Gerais, and Goiás.

</doc>
<doc id="9831007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831007" title="Alexis Elizalde">
Alexis Elizalde

Alexis Elizalde Estévez (born July 19, 1967 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired Cuban discus thrower. His personal best throw is 65.00 metres, which he achieved in August 1998 at the Central American and Caribbean Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9831020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831020" title="Norbert von Hannenheim">
Norbert von Hannenheim

Norbert von Hannenheim, with full name Norbert Wolfgang Stephan Hann von Hannenheim (*1898.5.15 Nagyszeben, +1945.9.29 in the Landeskrankenhaus Obrawalde near Międzyrzecz) was an Austro-Hungarian-born German composer. He is seen as one of the most brilliant later pupils of Arnold Schoenberg.
Life.
A member of the Saxon community in Transylvania, Hannenheim was born in the city of Nagyszeben (in German: "Hermannstadt", present-day "Sibiu"). 
He visited the German High School in Hermannstadt and received private piano lessons.Hannenheim occupied himself with music since his childhood and occasionally wrote compositions as an autodidact. In 1916 he was scheduled to perform a movement of his piano sonata, but recruitement into the army prevented this. From his early times date some tonalic settings of poems, which he partly published himself.
He studied in Graz, Austria, from 1922 to 1923, and subsequently with Paul Graener in Leipzig. Here he composed pieces of chamber music for different ensembles, pieces for orchestra, one concerto for violin with chamber orchestra, one concerto for violoncello with chamber orchestra, one symphony for big orchestra in one movement and a concerto for big orchestra.
In 1925, in the competition for the "George Enescu-Preis", Hannenheim won the "Zweiten Nationalpreis für Komposition" ("Second national prize for composition"). The piece, which was performed, was the first of six sonatas for violin, composed in this year. It remained characteristic of Hannenheim, that he liked to write several pieces for the same instrument or ensemble nearly simultaneously. In 1928/29 he continued his composition studies with Alexander Jemnitz in Budapest.
Hannenheim was then a pupil in Schoenberg's Master Class in Composition at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin (1929 to 1932). Schoenberg regarded him highly, calling him "one of the most interesting personalities I have ever met". Perhaps Schoenberg was particularly impressed by Hannenheim, because "he was nearly the only one, who would contradict him" (Erich Schmid).
Hannenheim was a prolific composer and espoused the twelve-note technique even as a student. His works were performed at concerts in the Akademie der Künste (for example, he conducted the premiere of a Symphony in a concert devoted to Schoenberg's pupils on 20 May 1930 — it shared the programme with works by his fellow-students Winfried Zillig and Nikos Skalkottas). He composed many pieces at this time, but had big problems, earning enough money to live on. 
In 1932 he won the "Mendelssohn Staatspreis". In the same year he had a nervous breakdown, from which he soon recovered.
His "2. piano concerto with small orchestra" in one movement was very successful and was broadcast by many radio stations all over the world.
Together with other colleagues, he won the "Emil Hertzka-Preis" in 1933.
The "Dritte Reich" ended his carrier. He had only few concerts. But works of his were performed as a “Roumanian” composer, at pre-World War II ISCM Festivals (as a Romanian composer, since the ISCM was formally proscribed by the Nazi German musical authorities). Now he turned to arrangements of folk music. From the beginning of the Second World War, we know very little about Hannenheim.
It was long believed that Hannenheim perished in an Allied air raid on Berlin and that all his scores were destroyed, but numerous songs, piano sonatas and string quartets have come to light in recent years. And it now appears that Hannenheim, who had intermittent but acute psychological problems, was admitted into a German psychiatric hospital in Berlin in 1944 and then into the Euthanasia hospital Obrawalde near Międzyrzecz (today Poland). He survived the Nazi regime, but died some four months after the war ended, from heart disease (according to the death certificate).
Work.
Hannenheim did register about 80 pieces for voice and piano at the "Genossenschaft Deutscher Tonsetzer". He used poems of artists like Rainer Maria Rilke, Friedrich Hölderlin, Max Dauthendey, Otto Erich Hartleben, Hermann Hesse, Friedrich Nietzsche, Christian Morgenstern, Rudolf G. Binding, Arno Holz.
Only 45 out of more than 230 pieces, are known today. The others were destroyed in the chaos of the war's end, are forgotten or were burned under delusion by Hannenheim himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9831028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831028" title="Brazilian Congressional Bill No. 1151">
Brazilian Congressional Bill No. 1151

The Brazilian Congressional Bill project No. 1151, authored by former congresswoman Marta Suplicy, from the Workers' Party of São Paulo, aims to change Brazilian federal law in order to establish same-sex civil unions. Specifically, it aims to amend Article 1723 of the Civil Code to define a civil union as between two unmarried individuals regardless of either partner's gender.
History.
The bill had been pending in the Chamber of Deputies since 1995 and was the theme of the 2005 São Paulo Gay Pride Parade. It has been debated many times, but has never been brought to a vote. Then-President of the Chamber Severino Cavalcanti was expected to end debate and bring the bill to a vote in late 2005, but corruption charges forced his resignation. Despite the anticipated vote, Calvalcanti strongly opposed the bill.
In 2012, the bill was introduced into the Senate by Suplicy, who was elected in 2011 to a seat in the Senate. On May 24, 2012, it was passed by the Senate's human rights committee. It will face another vote before the Senate's Committee on Constitution, Justice and Citizenship, with a subsequent vote in the Chamber of Deputies if no action is taken by the plenary of the Senate. The bill's chances for a full congressional vote have been heightened since the Brazilian Supreme Court ruled in "ADI 4277 and ADPF 132" (May 2011) that civil unions should be allowed for same-sex couples.

</doc>
<doc id="9831029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831029" title="Angel Air Records">
Angel Air Records

Angel Air is an English independent record label established in February 1997, specialising in reissues of classic pop and rock albums originally issued in the 1960s and 1970s (and latterly new albums from known artists up to the 21st century), formed by Peter and Shirley Purnell. Today the Purnells also own CeeDee Music UK and CeeDee Management who counts Mott The Hoople members Overend Watts, Verden Allen and Dale Griffin amongst its management clients.

</doc>
<doc id="9831038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831038" title="Declaration of faith">
Declaration of faith

A declaration of faith is a phrase that is said by a member of any religion to show either to themselves, their God or other members of the religion their belief and faith in the religion. Notable declarations of faith include the Sign of the Cross in Christianity, the Shahadah in Islam and the Shema Yisroel in Judaism.
There are numerous other declarations of faith, typically performed during religious rituals in many faiths. Often, the declaration of faith is led by the leader of the congregation and followers respond in kind.

</doc>
<doc id="9831059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831059" title="Montezuma Hills">
Montezuma Hills

The Montezuma Hills comprise a small range of low-elevation hills at the northern banks of the Sacramento River Delta in Solano County, California. The Montezuma Hills are bounded by the Sacramento River on the south and east; the Montezuma Slough on the west and roughly by California State Route 12 on the north. The peaks of these rolling hills vary in height from about 164 to 279 feet.
The hills are known for their exceptional wind energy resource potential which has made them the site of the rapidly expanding Shiloh Wind Power Plant, a wind farm that now comprises hundreds of wind turbines, with another 88 pending approval. Rio Vista is the nearest city, while Travis Air Force Base is about 10 miles northwest of the Montezuma Hills. An animal rescue center for former zoo/show tigers and lions, Wildlife Companions, has its sanctuary there.
Natural features.
The flora and fauna of the Montezuma Hills has been studied extensively beginning in 1988 with the Earth Metrics Environmental Impact Report for proposed wind energy development. and continuing with subsequent analyses that collectively have led to a compreshensive characterization of the local biological resources, plant communities and wildlife habitat.
In general there is little remaining native vegetation in the Montezuma Hills due to the historic intensive grazing. As of 2010, land uses are primarily dryland farming, sheep grazing, and energy, including natural gas production – the Rio Vista Gas Field underlies much of the Montezuma Hills – and wind energy. Wetlands cover only a small percentage of the Montezuma Hills, and virtually all of the sparse trees are non-native species associated with the area's farming homesteads. 
Compared to the Suisun Marsh to the south and west, the Montezuma Hills have a relatively unabundant diversity of avafauna and other wildlife. Among the Montezuma Hills are a number of intermittent drainage swales that flow during winter months; otherwise the monotypic dryland farms support even less diversity of wildlife than more agriculturally diverse land uses to the north. Exceptions to the dearth of wildlife are the considerable populations of ground squirrels and other small rodents, which populations in turn support modest numbers of raptors. Birds present in moderate numbers are the red-winged blackbird, cliff swallow, northern harrier and barn swallow. Moderate numbers of avian nests have been documented in the Montezuma Hills including red-tailed hawk, American kestrel and historic nests of the Golden Eagle.

</doc>
<doc id="9831060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831060" title="Uray Géza">
Uray Géza

Uray Géza (16 August 1921 - 1991) was a 20th-century Hungarian tibetologist. He studied under Louis Ligeti, writing his dissertation on Tibetan dialects. Early in his career, he focused on linguistic issues, but gradually his work focused more on early Tibetan history and the analysis of the Dunhuang texts that serve as the primary sources for such study.

</doc>
<doc id="9831077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831077" title="Goldfields Railway">
Goldfields Railway

The Goldfields Railway is a heritage railway that operates between Waihi and Waikino in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island. It operates over a section of track that was part of the East Coast Main Trunk Railway until the Kaimai Tunnel deviation made it redundant in 1978. The Goldfields Railway was formed in 1980 as the Goldfields Steam Train Society to retain a portion of the old main line and switched to its current name in the mid-nineties.
History of the line.
The route currently used by the Goldfields Railway was originally built through the Karangahake Gorge as the Waihi Branch from Paeroa on the Thames Branch to provide rail access to the significant mining activity that was then taking place in the Waihi area. It was not intended to be a main line, but after extensive surveys and a few false starts, it became part of the East Coast Main Trunk to Tauranga, Te Puke, and ultimately Taneatua in 1928. This route was circuitous, thus making it less appealing than more direct road routes, but traffic nonetheless grew as Tauranga's port increased in importance and the Karangahake Gorge route lacked sufficient capacity. Accordingly, a new route was required and the direct Kaimai Tunnel deviation was built, opening on 12 September 1978. The Karangahake Gorge route was closed and dismantled in the 1980s, except for the 6 kilometres between Waihi and Waikino, which the Goldfields Railway saved.
The preserved line.
In Waihi, much of the infrastructure of the station and yard remains intact and preserved; although some freight-related structures such as the livestock yards are gone, the goods shed, six railway houses, and small ancillary buildings remain, and the main station buildings are protected and recognised by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust and the Rail Heritage Trust. The line to Waikino is 6 km long and includes a few bridges, including the only private railway bridge over a state highway in New Zealand. In Waikino, the station is not the original one built on the site; it was formerly Paeroa's station and was transferred to Waikino in 1990, just before the mothballing and eventual closure of the railway through Paeroa to Thames in 1991. The station is now used as a cafe and to link the railway with a walkway through the Karangahake Gorge and other local attractions.
Locomotives.
The Goldfields Railway possesses a variety of locomotives, primarily small diesel locomotives used in private industry or for shunting on the national network. The locomotives include:
These locomotives are augmented by a collection of velocipedes and motor trolleys that are primarily used for track inspection and maintenance.
The railway has also been visited by steam locomotives owned by others. During Easter 2006, as part of celebrations to mark over 100 years of the railway in Waihi, Y 542 owned by the Museum of Transport and Technology was brought to operate trips on the Goldfields Railway.
Rolling stock.
The Goldfields Railway's collection of rolling stock consists of both passenger carriages and freight wagons. The three passenger carriages are the focus of preservation efforts and date from 1911, 1913, and 1931. They are augmented by an open passenger carriage built in 1993 and attached to a chassis dating from 1911 and a guard's van. The society's diverse freight wagons are currently awaiting restoration. The collection of rolling stock also included Cowans-Sheldon 10-tonne railway crane NO 227 built in 1937, which was relocated to its new owners at the Ferrymead Railway in 2009 for restoration to working order.
Operation.
Trains are run "thrice" daily from Waihi to Waikino and return. The trip takes 30 minutes each way, with a 15 minute stopover at Waikino. Unlike many heritage railways and regular rail services, the Goldfields Railway allows pets to ride on the train, though only on the open carriage that is included in each journey's consist. The railway also offers charter services by arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="9831080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831080" title="The Nancy Drew Files">
The Nancy Drew Files

The Nancy Drew Files, or the "Nancy Drew Case Files", is a detective fiction series started in 1986 and released by Simon & Schuster, New York. It is a spin-off of the original series of novels featuring Nancy Drew, with a greater emphasis on adventure, malice and romance. All the books have been written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. This series has been targeted at readers who are age eleven and up. With a new book released almost every month, 124 titles were released in 11 years. More than 17 million copies are in print and the books have appeared on the bestseller lists of "Publishers Weekly", B. Dalton, and Waldenbooks. Starting in 2014 Simon and Schuster will start releasing this series in eBook format.
Series background.
"The Nancy Drew Files" is a spin-off from the Nancy Drew series. The stories follow teenage detective Nancy Drew. Her father, Carson Drew, is a successful attorney and a widower. Their house is taken care of by their full-time housekeeper, Hannah Gruen. Nancy’s companions are usually her girlfriends Bess Marvin and George Fayne, no matter whether she is sleuthing or shopping. Her boyfriend, Ned Nickerson also helps her with investigations, especially when they involve any physical activity. Though Ned Nickerson is her boyfriend, she dates other people occasionally.
List of books in the series.
1986.
1. "Secrets Can Kill" (June 1986) 
2. "Deadly Intent" 
3. "Murder on Ice" (Sept 1986)
4. "Smile and Say Murder" (Oct 1986)
5. "Hit and Run Holiday" (Nov 1986)
6. "White Water Terror" (Dec 1986)
1987.
7. "Deadly Doubles" (Jan 1987)
8. "Two Points to Murder" (Feb 1987) 
9. "False Moves" (Mar 1987)
10. "Buried Secrets " (Apr 1987)
11. "Heart of Danger" (May 1987)
12. "Fatal Ransom" (June 1987)
13. "Wings of Fear" (July 1987)
14. "This Side of Evil" (Aug 1987)
15. "Trial by Fire" (Sept 1987)
16. "Never Say Die" (Oct 1987)
17. "Stay Tuned for Danger" (Nov 1987)
18. C"ircle of Evil" (Dec 1987)
1988.
19. "Sisters in Crime" (Jan 1988)
20. "Very Deadly Yours" (Feb 1988)
21. "Recipe for Murder" (Mar 1988)
22. "Fatal Attraction" (Apr 1988)
23. "Sinister Paradise" (May 1988)
24. "Till Death Do Us Part" (June 1988)
25. "Rich and Dangerous" (July 1988) 
26. "Playing with Fire" (Aug 1988)
27. "Most Likely to Die" (Sept 1988)
28. "The Black Widow" (Oct 1988)
29. "Pure Poison" (Nov 1988)
30. "Death by Design" (Dec 1988)
1989.
31. "Trouble in Tahiti" (Jan 1989)
32. "High Marks For Malice" (Feb 1989)
33. "Danger in Disguise" (Mar 1989)
34. "Vanishing Act" (Apr 1989)
35. "Bad Medicine" (May 1989)
36. "Over the Edge" (June 1989)
37. "Last Dance" (July 1989)
38. "The Final Scene" (Aug 1989)
39. "The Suspect Next Door" (Sept 1989)
40. "Shadow of a Doubt" (Oct 1989)
41. "Something to Hide" (Nov 1989) 
42. "The Wrong Chemistry" (Dec 1989)
1990.
43. "False Impressions" (Jan 1990)
44. "Scent of Danger" (Feb 1990)
45. "Out of Bounds" (Mar 1990)
46. "Win, Place, or, Die" (Apr 1990)
47. "Flirting with Danger" (May 1990)
48. "Date with Deception" (A Summer Love Trilogy #1) (June 1990)
49. "Portrait in Crime" (A Summer Love Trilogy #2) (July 1990)
50. "Deep Secrets" (A Summer Love Trilogy #3) (Aug 1990)
51. "A Model Crime" (Sept 1990)
52. "Danger for Hire" (Oct 1990)
53. "Trail of Lies" (Nov 1990)
54. "Cold as Ice" (Dec 1990)
1991.
55. "Don't Look Twice" 
56. "Make No Mistake" 
57. "Into Thin Air" 
58. "Hot Pursuit" 
59. "High Risk" 
60. "Poison Pen" 
61. "Sweet Revenge" 
62. "Easy Marks" 
63. "Mixed Signals" 
64. "The Wrong Track" 
65. "Final Notes" 
66. "Tall, Dark and Deadly"
1992.
67. "Nobody's Business" 
68. "Crosscurrents" 
69. "Running Scared" 
70. "Cutting Edge" 
71. "Hot Tracks" 
72. "Swiss Secrets" 
73. "Rendezvous in Rome" 
74. "Greek Odyssey" 
75. "A Talent for Murder" 
76. "The Perfect Plot" 
77. "Danger on Parade" 
78. "Update on Crime" 
1993.
79. "No Laughing Matter" 
80. "Power of Suggestion" 
81. "Making Waves" 
82. "Dangerous Relations" 
83. "Diamond Deceit" 
84. "Choosing Sides" 
85. "Sea of Suspicion" 
86. "Let's Talk Terror" 
87. "Moving Target" 
88. "False Pretenses" 
89. "Designs in Crime" 
90. "Stage Fright"
1994.
91. "If Looks Could Kill" 
92. "My Deadly Valentine" 
93. "Hotline to Danger" 
94. "Illusions of Evil" 
95. "An Instinct for Trouble" 
96. "The Runaway Bride" 
97. "Squeeze Play" 
98. "Island of Secrets" 
99. "The Cheating Heart" 
100. "Dance Till You Die" 
101. "The Picture of Guilt" 
102. "Counterfeit Christmas"
1995.
103. "Heart of Ice" 
104. "Kiss and Tell" 
105. "Stolen Affections" 
106. "Flying Too High" 
107. "Anything for Love" 
108. "Captive Heart" 
109. "Love Notes" 
110. "Hidden Meanings" 
111. "The Stolen Kiss" 
112. "For Love or Money"
1996.
113. "Wicked Ways" 
114. "Rehearsing for Romance" 
115. "Running into Trouble" 
116. "Under His Spell" 
117. "Skipping a Beat" 
118. "Betrayed by Love"
1997.
119. "Against the Rules" 
120. "Dangerous Loves" 
121. "Natural Enemies" 
122. "Strange Memories" 
123. "Wicked for the Weekend" 
124. "Crime at the Chat Café"

</doc>
<doc id="9831095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831095" title="Abraham Tobias Boas">
Abraham Tobias Boas

Abraham Tobias Boas (25 November 1844 – 20 February 1923) was a rabbi of a Hebrew congregation in Adelaide, South Australia.
Biography.
Early life.
Abraham Tobias Boas was born at Amsterdam, the Netherlands, son of Tobias Eliesar Boas, rabbi, and his wife Eva Salomon Levi, "née" Linse. Boas was educated at Amsterdam Theological Seminary and studied theology under a well-known Hebraist, Delaville. In 1865, he went to England to further his studies, and in 1867 became minister to the Jewish congregation at Southampton.
Adult life in Australia.
In 1869, he was chosen as rabbi for the congregation at Adelaide, South Australia, and he arrived there on 13 February 1870. He held the position for forty-eight years, and became a well-known figure in all movements intended to forward the cultural and material good of the community . Well read, a great student of William Shakespeare, urbane and kind, broad-minded and anxious to be of use to other denominations than his own, he was a welcome visitor to the YMCA, and often lectured on aspects of Jewish life and Old Testament history. He not only earned the affection of his own congregation, he was generally recognized as a valuable and public-spirited citizen. He resigned his charge in 1918 in consequence of a stroke from which he never fully recovered.
Personal life.
He had married on 15 May 1873 Elizabeth, daughter of Isaac Solomon, who died in 1916, and was survived by four sons, including Lionel (1875 – 1949) and Harold (1883 - 1980), and five daughters.
Death.
He died on 20 February 1923 and was buried in West Terrace Cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831104" title="Frank Casañas">
Frank Casañas

Yennifer Frank Casañas Hernández (born 18 October 1978) is a Spanish discus thrower. He competed for Cuba until May 2008. 
Career.
In the 2008 Olympic Games he competed for Spain, reaching the fifth position in the final.
His personal best throw is 67.91 metres, which he achieved in June 2008 in Castellón.

</doc>
<doc id="9831112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831112" title="Amigo (show)">
Amigo (show)

Amigo is a game show for kids in Norway. The host is "Stian Barsnes Simonsen", who is also the host for "Melodi Grand Prix Junior" with "Nadia Hasouni". Amigo has an individual named The Soundeffect-man. The format consists of three teams, with two children each. The children make their own version of the Amigo theme song, which they then sing. The show is recorded in the NRK studio in Oslo, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="9831121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831121" title="Psychoterror">
Psychoterror

Psychoterror is a punk rock group from Estonia. It was formed in spring 1991.
Discography.
"Vaenlaste aeg" (2013; Psychoterror)

</doc>
<doc id="9831130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831130" title="Luxton School">
Luxton School

Luxton School is an elementary school in Winnipeg, Manitoba that is part of the Winnipeg School Division. The school is located on Polson Avenue. It opened on May 19, 1907.
In 2008 Luxton was named as one of the top 25 best elementary and middle schools in Canada by Today's Parent magazine. Notable graduates of Luxton are rock musician Burton Cummings, cartoonist James Simpkins and TV writer Johanna Stein.
History.
In 1906, the site of Luxton was purchased on Polson and Luxton Avenues and the school was built in 1907. It originally contained 14 classrooms and had 338 students and eight teachers. Luxton School was named after W. F. Luxton, who was Winnipeg's first public school teacher. Originally, four rooms in Luxton were dedicated as a technical school, but in 1912, St. John's Technical High School was built and the students were moved to the new school. An eight room addition was constructed in 1915 and in January 1919 the auditorium was completed. In 1967, grade 7 to 9 students were moved to St. John's. Junior High students returned to Luxton for several years until 1999 when they were again moved out due to an overall decline in enrollment. In 1989, a new gym was built on the west side of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9831149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831149" title="Rama Giri">
Rama Giri

Rama Giri temple has an 800 year history, dating from the 12th Century. It is located near the Dhundhubhi River (part of the Krishna River) in Raghupathi village, Kalwakurthy Mandal, Palamoor District (also known as Mahbubnagar) in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Lord Ganesha, Lord Sri Venkateswara, Lord Sri Rama, Lord Narasimha, Lord Shiva and Mata Mahishasuramardini are venerated in the Ramagiri temple. The temple is in such poor condition that poojari can perform pooja on main occasions only. Ramagiri Utsav has been stopped, which used to happen during Magha Masam.

</doc>
<doc id="9831151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831151" title="State Attorney of the Transvaal">
State Attorney of the Transvaal

The State Attorney of the Transvaal was the principal legal officer of the Transvaal, or, as it was also known, the South African Republic. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831152" title="Levuka F.C.">
Levuka F.C.

Levuka F.C. is a Fijian football team playing in the second division of the Fiji Football Association competitions. It is based in Levuka, which is the only town on Ovalau Island, in the Fiji group. Their home stadium is Nasau Park. 
Their uniform includes blue and white striped shirt.
History.
Since Levuka was the first permanent European settlement in Fiji, football was undoubtedly first played in Levuka. Fijian teams started playing competitive football in 1924 when the first Fijian Inter-District Tournament was played at Nasau Park, Levuka, during celebrations marking the golden jubilee of Cession. Teams played for the Ricarnie Cup which was won by the Sawani team from Naitasiri. The following year, Bau FC won the cup. Players played the game barefoot and relied on speed and stamina. Other teams to compete in the tournament were Shamrock from Suva, Kadavu FC (from Suva), Lomaiviti FC (from Suva) and Ovalau FC (from Levuka)
Levuka had an organised local competition in 1932 and these clubs formed the Levuka Indian Soccer Association in 1938, under the presidency of Krishna Franklin. Levuka was one of the founding members of the Fiji Indian Football Association in Suva in 1938. In 1943, Levuka hosted the Inter-District Competition for the only time.
Levuka F.C. has not, over the years, performed as well as other teams and in recent times has struggled to field teams in national competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9831162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831162" title="Beat Down (EP)">
Beat Down (EP)

Beat Down EP is an EP from French electronic music producer Para One. The style is downtempo and electro. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831168" title="Maybe That's What It Takes">
Maybe That's What It Takes

"Maybe That's What It Takes" is a song by Alex Parks, taken from her debut album "Introduction". It was released as a single on 17 November 2003, shortly after she won the second series of "Fame Academy", and peaked at number three in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9831171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831171" title="Darwin Football Association">
Darwin Football Association

The Darwin Football Association is an Australian rules football league in Tasmania. The clubs belonging to the association are from localities close to Burnie and on the West Coast of Tasmania. This includes Queenstown, making this competition the only competition in Australia to play some of its games on a gravel surface.
History.
The current form of the Darwin Football Association (DFA) was created in 1951. A previous version existed from 1938 to 1944 but appears unrelated despite two of the DFA's foundation clubs being in the competition. The first season featured just four clubs; Yeoman, Tewkesbury, APPM and Montacue. Yeoman and APPM were previously members of the North West Football Union and Tewkesbury a member of the Ridgley Football Association. But in 1952 the numbers increased by three with the inclusion of Somerset, Mooreville and Ridgley. The arrival of Myalla and Yolla in 1953 increased the number again to eight clubs combined with the departure of Tewkesbury.
In 1955 the number of clubs dropped back to six with Montacue and Somerset departing, and then following season APPM changed their name to South Burnie. In 1959 Mooreville had merged with Somerset to form the Cam FC as the competition remained more or less stable.
In 1965 the folding of the Riana Football Association brought Natone and Cuprona to the competition. This brought the competition up to eight clubs, and has never dropped below that number since. Another period of stability followed with only Cam reverting to Somerset FC in 1973 to create any ripples.
In 1982 the competition expanded to ten clubs with the inclusion of Sprent and West Ulverstone from the Leven Football Association. The DFA introduced a final five in 1986. In 1994, Queenstown "Crows" - a merger of the Queenstown based clubs from the Western Tasmanian Football Association - joined the competition.
Numbers started to fall in 1996 when Sprent departed for the North Western Football Association, and then the following season South Burnie decided to try their luck in the Northern Tasmanian Football League, but they returned in 1999. In 2002 West Ulverstone followed Sprent to the North West Football Association, and in 2006 after many years in existence Myalla folded bringing the number of clubs back to eight for the first time since 1981.
2010 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
 
2011 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
 
2012 Ladder.
 
FINALS 

</doc>
<doc id="9831174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831174" title="Sa'adat Khan Swati">
Sa'adat Khan Swati

Sa'adat Khan Swati was the ruler of Pakhli (Hazara Division), in North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan,
during the reign of Durranis, which was from 1762 to 1780. He was such an authoritarive man amongst Swatis, that even disputed matters of Tanolis and Jadoons had been sent to him for rectification through jirgas.

</doc>
<doc id="9831197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831197" title="Rémi Maréval">
Rémi Maréval

Rémi Maréval (born 24 February 1983 in Domont) is a French football (soccer) defender currently playing for Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Career.
Rémi Maréval began his career at the age of 14 in the youth from US Chantilly and signed for Ligue 2 team AS Beauvais in the summer of 2001. After two and a half years with AS Beauvais where he played 38 games and scored one goal, Maréval signed for Oldham Athletic A.F.C. in January 2004. In 2004, after half a year in England with Oldham Athletic F.C., he returned to France signing for GFCO Ajaccio. After a successful season with 37 games and one goal for GFCO Ajaccio he joined to Tours but only played 33 matches in two seasons. In July 2007, Maréval again moved, this time to FC Nantes Atlantique.
On 2 February 2014 Israel Premier League club Maccabi Tel Aviv announced his arrival in a contract until the end of 2013/14 season.
Trivia.
He had one of his most memorable moments against Olympique de Marseille scoring a fantastic goal from more than 30 metres. He scored another memorable goal against Nîmes Olympique from 60 metres in September 2009. Coming after just 8 seconds, the goal was the fastest goal in the history of the French Ligue 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9831203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831203" title="Davis v. City of Las Vegas">
Davis v. City of Las Vegas

Davis v. City of Las Vegas, 04-17284 (9th Cir. 2007), is a lawsuit argued on October 19, 2006. Frankie Davis, the plaintiff, alleges excessive force resulting in injury was used during his arrest by Las Vegas Metro Police in November, 2001.
See also.
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit

</doc>
<doc id="9831213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831213" title="Danny Katz">
Danny Katz

Danny Katz (born 1960s) is a Canadian-born, Jewish Australian columnist and author who writes for "The Age" and the "Sydney Morning Herald". His columnn is also syndicated in "The West Australian". He is the Modern Guru in the "Good Weekend (Sydney Morning Herald)" magazine. He is also known as the author of the award winning children's book series, "Little Lunch", published by Black Dog Books and features illustrations by Mitch Vane. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831245" title="Isbel Luaces">
Isbel Luaces

Isbel Luaces McKullock (born July 20, 1975 in Camagüey, Camagüey) is a Cuban javelin thrower. 
Career.
His personal best throw is 83.63 metres, which he achieved in July 2002 in Havana.

</doc>
<doc id="9831255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831255" title="Evgeny Yakovlevich Remez">
Evgeny Yakovlevich Remez

Evgeny Yakovlevich Remez (sometimes spelled as Evgenii Yakovlevich Remez, ; (born 1895 in Mstislavl, now Belarus; died 1975 in Kiev) was a Soviet mathematician. He is known for his work in the constructive function theory, in particular, for the Remez algorithm and the Remez inequality.

</doc>
<doc id="9831258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831258" title="Rankin County School District">
Rankin County School District

The Rankin County School District is the 3rd largest public school district in Mississippi. The district office is located in Brandon, Mississippi (USA).
In addition to Brandon, the district serves most of Rankin County, including the communities of Florence, Flowood, Pelahatchie, Puckett, Richland, and Sandhill.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 17,398 students enrolled in the Rankin County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 21.54% African American, 75.91% White, 1.32% Hispanic, 1.14% Asian, and 0.09% Native American. 27.7% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Accountability statistics.
Awards
Religion Lawsuit.
In 2013, Magdalene Bedi filed a lawsuit regarding religious assemblies at Northwest Rankin High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9831281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831281" title="Intec">
Intec

Intec can refer to:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="9831284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831284" title="Christophe Mandanne">
Christophe Mandanne

Christophe Mandanne (born 7 February 1985 in Toulouse) is a French football striker. Currently, he plays in the Ligue 1 for En Avant de Guingamp.

</doc>
<doc id="9831295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831295" title="Gourgue (family)">
Gourgue (family)

Gourgue, or Gourgues,is the name of an old French aristocratic family. The members of this family where particularly important in France from the late Middle Ages to the end of the 19th century.
Origins and important figures.
The first time the name of the family appeared was when Pierre de Gourgue signed the Charte de Mont-de-Marsan, in 1146. Geoffroy de Gourgue, however, was an important councillor of Philippe IV le Bel, in 1285. The family provided an important amount of very influent persons, like Ogier-Jean de Gourgue, Finance Minister of Guyenne, who received the "Chateau de Vayres" from Henri de Navarre in 1583. 
The most famous figure of the family of Gourgue was Dominique de Gourgue who attacked Spanish positions in North Florida to avenge the massacre of French Huguenots.

</doc>
<doc id="9831299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831299" title="State Secretary of the South African Republic">
State Secretary of the South African Republic

The State Secretary of the South African Republic (Transvaal) was the principal administrative officer of that republic, officially known as the Zuid-Afrikaansche Republiek. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831304" title="Tashi Tsering (Chenrezig Institute)">
Tashi Tsering (Chenrezig Institute)

Kusho Lama Geshe Tashi Tsering () (born 1937) is a highly respected Tibetan teacher, in the Gelug tradition, who has lived and taught in the West for many years throughout Australia and New Zealand as well as in India and Tibet. He was the resident teacher at Chenrezig Institute in Queensland for 18 years. He is now chief Lama and Ritual Master at Gyume Tantric University in south India.
Born in eastern Tibet in 1937, Geshe Tashi Tsering became a monk at the age of seven years and at seventeen went to study at Sera Monastery in Lhasa. After fleeing the communist takeover of Tibet in 1959, he continued his monastic education in exile in India, becoming a Lharampa Geshe in 1984.
Geshe-la was the resident teacher at Chenrezig Institute in Queensland from 1990 through 2008, where he developed an extensive programme of Buddhist teachings offered at the centre, catering to a wide range of interests and experience. 
Geshe-la should not be confused with Geshe Tashi Tsering of Jamyang Buddhist Centre, London.

</doc>
<doc id="9831320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831320" title="Honesty (Alex Parks song)">
Honesty (Alex Parks song)

"Honesty" is the second and final single from Alex Parks' second album, and is the title track. It was released as a single on 23 January 2006. Despite hopes that it would revive interest in the album, it received little promotion or distribution, and peaked at #56 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
In the music video, Parks' car seems to have broken down, so she hitches a ride in a hippy van, and then walks to a house by the beach to perform the last chorus of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="9831340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831340" title="List of Presidents of the South African Republic">
List of Presidents of the South African Republic

This is a list of State Presidents of the South African Republic ("Transvaal Republic").
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9831344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831344" title="Cry (Alex Parks song)">
Cry (Alex Parks song)

"Cry" is the second and final single from Alex Parks' debut album "Introduction". It was released in February 2004 and peaked at #13 in the UK Singles Chart.
Video.
In the video, Parks is in an Underground station listening to music, waiting for the train to come. There are also scenes showing her on a beach. Towards the end of the song, she gets off the train and starts running, as does the Alex on the beach. At the end of the song she is seen walking away.

</doc>
<doc id="9831347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831347" title="Ghislain Gimbert">
Ghislain Gimbert

Ghislain Gimbert (born 7 August 1985 in Roanne, Loire) is a French football (soccer) striker. He currently plays for Troyes.

</doc>
<doc id="9831359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831359" title="Nial Fulton">
Nial Fulton

Nial Fulton is an Irish-born, Australian film and television producer.
Background.
Fulton was born in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom and attended Portora Royal School and Queen's University Belfast. He lives in Australia with his partner and their three children.
Career.
Nial Fulton is an award winning producer and writer. His films have been recognised with major awards and nominations in Australia and internationally. 
Nial worked extensively with the Irish Film Board and Northern Ireland Screen on a diverse range of co-productions, features and television drama. After moving to Australia, Nial worked with some of the countries leading producers, developing and producing a diverse slate of international productions for major international broadcasters, including BBC, Channel 4, ABC, RTE, National Geographic Channel, Discovery Channel, ARTE, France 5, SBS, Nine and Ten.
In 2008 Nial produced and co-wrote the Irish/Australian drama The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce, which was nominated Best Drama at the 2010 Rose d’Or Festival, the 2009 Irish Film & Television Awards and the 2009 Australian Film Institute Awards, won at the 2009 Inside Film Awards and has screened and won awards at film festivals around the world.
Nial also developed and produced the 2009 AFI Award winning documentary Solo with Jen Peedom. In 2010, Nial series produced and wrote the Logie nominated series Miracles for National Geographic, France 5 and ABC, shot on location in Laos, Thailand, New Zealand and Australia.
In 2013, Nial joined forces with film-maker Ivan O'Mahoney to create In Films, a Sydney based production company specialising in high-end documentary and fact based drama. The first commission, The Outlaw Michael Howe screened on ABC1 in December 2013. 
In Films was commissioned to produce the first original documentary series for Al Jazeera America, called Borderland. The series tells the story of three immigrants who died crossing the US-Mexico border and premieres in the United States in April 2014.
Awards.
2011
2010
2009

</doc>
<doc id="9831364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831364" title="Sweat therapy">
Sweat therapy

Sweat therapy is the combination of group counseling/psychotherapy with group sweating. Group sweating is social interaction while experiencing psychophysiological responses to heat exposure. Group sweating has strong cultural validity as it has existed throughout the world for thousands of years to promote well-being. Examples include the Finnish Sauna, the Russian Banya (sauna), the American Indian Sweat lodge Ceremony, the Islamic Hammam, the Japanese Mushi-Buro or Sentō, and the African Sifutu. 
Group sweating has been used for various physical and mental purposes for thousands of years. It has been asserted that the potential health benefits of regular participation in Native American sweat lodges are numerous, but that there is a scarcity of research about the practice. One study involving 24 college students reported that "sweat therapy participants reported more therapeutic factors having an impact on their group counseling experience, rated sessions as more beneficial, and interacted with stronger group cohesion than non-sweat therapy participants." 
Sweat Therapy Theoretical Model.
Colmant and Eason (2009) introduced a theoretical model to describe how sweat rituals operate to deliver positive effects to mind, body and spirit. The theoretical model proposes five factors that reciprocally interact to produce the positive effects of sweat rituals: cultural priming, exercise, self-regulation, metaphorical contextual elements, and interpersonal factors.
Cultural Priming. Different forms of indigenous sweat practices have been found across many geographically and culturally distinct regions of the world: American Indian Sweat Lodge; Finnish Sauna; Greek Sweat Bath; Irish Sweat House; Japanese Mushi-Buro and Korean Jim Jil Bang Jewish Shvitz; Islamic Hammam; Mayan Sweat House; Mexican and Central American Temescal and Inipi; Roman Balnea and Thermae; Russian Bania; Scythian Sweatbath, and South African Sifutu. While there are variations in the different forms of sweat rituals, the common purposes include promoting physical and mental health, spirituality, and socialization. Because sweat rituals have existed for thousands of years throughout the world, the authors suggest that people will be attracted to it and are primed to receive benefits from it that are consistent with their cultural background. The authors hold that the more prominent the practice exists in the individual’s background, the stronger the priming. 
Exercise. From the authors' clinical experiences, sweating induces commonly observed effects of exercise on mental health. Sweat practices are similar to exercise as they cause the stimulation of the sympathetic nervous system, activation of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal hormonal axis, and an increase in noradrenaline. The sweating experience appears to produce profound physiological changes and perceptions of physical symptoms. Unlike typical forms of exercise, sweat practices cause an increase in B-endorphins and do not increase the concentration of adrenaline in the blood stream. Sweat practices also contrast with the majority of exercise activities because they do not require muscle tension, the movement of large muscle groups, and attentional capacities to be focused on muscle coordination. Sweat practices are a unique form of exercise as they cause muscle relaxation and allow focal attention to be placed on another activity, such as group content and process.
Self-Regulation. Self-regulation is the activity of setting, working toward and achieving goals related to one’s personal desires. Sweat rituals seem to promote self-regulation by helping one gain insight through introspection, mark a commitment to personal goals, improve frustration tolerance and maintain balance and harmony. The authors propose that participants in sweat practices respond to the intense heat exposure using a meditative attentiveness characterized by a dynamic balance between alertness and relaxation, which promotes insight and adaptive coping . The authors describe the heat during sweat therapy as a dynamic force. 
At first, the heat is soothing and as the body begins to respond to the heat through sweating, the body’s muscles experience a release of tension, promoting a deeper state of relaxation. However, rather than slipping into a state of relaxation resembling rest or sleep, further heat exposure keeps the mind and body active. As the heat becomes more intense, the participant is challenged to keep the mind relaxed, requiring meditative attentiveness. As the experience moves from relaxation to endurance, it seems that participants are faced with a choice. One can either allow negative thoughts and feelings related to the heat to become the focus of their experience or one can focus on thoughts and feelings that help one to adapt, cope, and thrive when faced with adversity. This meditative attentiveness and sense of positive adaptation seem to encourage problem solving and further build on the state of cognitive arousal produced by sweating as a form of exercise.
Metaphorical Contextual Elements. Sweat practices are more than just intense exposure to heat. Intense heat exposure unchecked can result in heat disorders such as heat stroke, heat exhaustion, and heat collapse. Sweat practices developed over centuries through human intelligence, creativity, and wisdom use intense heat exposure to promote physical and mental health, spirituality, and socialization. The metaphorical contextual elements of sweat practices are a main contributing factor to the positive effects of the experience. Many of the contextual elements common to sweat practices include taking breaks, dimmed lighting, wearing sparse or no clothing, drinking large quantities of water, and the symbolism of fire. The authors hold that these contextual elements are important to facilitating biopsychosocial benefits from sweat practices and promote metaphorical meaning complementary to the other factors in the Sweat Therapy Theoretical Model. Much of the metaphorical transfer of meaning occurs through the use of rituals. For example, the sweating experience provides an ordeal that one submits to. Change is symbolically represented by basic elements (earth, air, fire, water) changing forms. Fire burns wood turning to smoke. Rocks glow red with heat. Water thrown on super-heated rocks changes to steam and intense heat. One withstands the heat as proof of fitness and commitment. The experience is a lesson in humility as the intensity grows. Just at the point of feeling wiped out, the person emerges from the sweat. . . they begin to recuperate and drink wholesome life-giving water. Then comes the feeling of strength and rejuvenation. The invigorating ritual brings the participant to life again. Through submission and ordeal one becomes wiser and learns a lesson in humility by experiencing a rite of death and rebirth that marks the passage to a higher level of maturity.
Interpersonal Factors. Sweating and interpersonal interaction seem to be natural catalysts for one another. As previously stated, exercise, self-regulation, metaphorical contextual elements, and interpersonal factors in the Sweat Therapy Theoretical Model interact in a reciprocal manner. When focusing on interpersonal factors, the authors hold that exercise, metaphor, and self-regulation seem to intensify group dynamics. The sweating experience promotes relaxation, stress relief and self-disclosure. At the same time, group interaction provides an opportunity for participants to process the experience. From the authors clinical experience with sweat therapy, group members seem to perceive the sweating experience as a moderate challenge to which they respond by seeking social support and engaging in thinking that promotes self-esteem, such as “Although I’m uncomfortably hot, I am staying in the sauna because doing so will make me better in some way.” The sweat group condition seems to prompt altruism that quickly translates into cohesion. The authors have observed group members working together as a unit to get through the challenge by offering towels and water to one another and showing frequent concern for one another's ability to handle the heat. These seemingly simple expressions of sharing and concern for one another become part of the group norms and transcend into people showing greater care and concern for one another.

</doc>
<doc id="9831365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831365" title="Isel López">
Isel López

Isel López Rodríguez (born July 11, 1970 in Santiago de Cuba) is a retired female javelin thrower from Cuba. Her personal best throw is 61.66 metres, which he achieved in May 1999 in Havana.
__TOC__
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9831373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831373" title="Andrea Baker">
Andrea Baker

Andrea Baker (née Taylor) is an American actress, best known for voicing Clover in the Canadian adaption of "Totally Spies!".
Career.
Born Andrea E. Taylor in Washington D.C.. 
After graduating from Georgetown University in Washington, DC, Baker and a friend drove for more than 6 weeks across the US and eventually ended up in Los Angeles, California. Baker took a 6 week "Acting for Commercials" course at Tepper Gallegos Casting, where she was introduced to her future agent, Steve Simon. Taylor also studied scene study in class mentored by Bobby Shaw Chance. She was signed on by Arlene Thornton's voice over agency and then started voice acting for commercials and television.
Her first on-screen appearance was a small role on "General Hospital" in 1997. After graduating from DW Brown's studio, she auditioned for a role in the 1998 feature film "Pleasantville". Barbara Harris introduced Baker to Nancy Meyers, who hired Baker as an "inner voice" actress on "What Women Want". Baker has been working exclusively as a voice actress since 2003.
Besides from film and television, Baker has appeared in several plays for Afternoon Theatre, Basement Productions, and Joanne Baron Studios.
Personal life.
Baker married her husband in October 2001. They met during production of "What Women Want", and Baker wanted to use her husband's last name professionally. Baker and her husband have two children together.

</doc>
<doc id="9831388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831388" title="San Patricio, Jalisco">
San Patricio, Jalisco

San Patricio - Melaque in the Mexican state of Jalisco is a busy community located 4+ kilometers northwest of Barra de Navidad on Bahia de Navidad. It was named for a unit of 175 mainly Irish immigrants, Saint Patrick's Battalion, that fought with the Mexican Army against the US during the Mexican-American War (1846-48). The area comprises three beachfront villages: San Patricio, Villa Obregon and Melaque—all generally referred to as "Melaque." The small village of Melaque has been a vacation retreat for Mexicans for generations. San Patricio is a kilometer strip in the middle of the three villages that contains a colorful town square and retail shops. Villa Obregon, to the east, is much more residential. The three "municipios" form the largest community along the coast between Puerto Vallarta and Manzanillo. Playa Melaque is the main beach in the area. The west end of Melaque beach is protected from the large swells found elsewhere on the beach, allowing for swimming for children and the less adventurous.

</doc>
<doc id="9831392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831392" title="Gillian Pugh">
Gillian Pugh

Dame Gillian Pugh, DBE was Chief Executive of Coram Family, England’s oldest children’s charity, until her retirement on 25 April 2005, after eight years of service.
She has been a pioneer in contemporary childcare services and an important contributor to Government thinking on the education, social care and health services support for disadvantaged children and their families.
During her time at Coram Family the charity:
Gillian Pugh was elected Chair of the National Children's Bureau (NCB) in November 2006 and is also a Member of the Children’s Workforce Development Council (CWDC). In 2009, she became President of the National Childminding Association.
She is a member of the Family Law Review Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="9831436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831436" title="Looking for Water (Alex Parks song)">
Looking for Water (Alex Parks song)

"Looking for Water" the first single from Alex Parks' second album "Honesty". It was written by Parks, Judie Tzuke and Graham Kearns. A physical single was cancelled a few weeks before the release date, so it was only released as a digital download, and could not survive on downloads alone and had a peak of #250.

</doc>
<doc id="9831441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831441" title="List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (R)">
List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients (R)

The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () and its variants were the highest awards in the military of the Third Reich during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded for a wide range of reasons and across all ranks, from a senior commander for skilled leadership of his troops in battle to a low-ranking soldier for a single act of extreme gallantry. A total of 7,321 awards were made between its first presentation on 30 September 1939 and its last bestowal on 17 June 1945. This number is based on the analysis and acceptance of the order commission of the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR). Presentations were made to members of the three military branches of the Wehrmacht—the Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy) and Luftwaffe (Air Force)—as well as the Waffen-SS, the Reichsarbeitsdienst (RAD—Reich Labour Service) and the Volkssturm (German national militia). There were also 43 recipients in the military forces of allies of the Third Reich.
These recipients are listed in the 1986 edition of Walther-Peer Fellgiebel's book, — "The Bearers of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross 1939–1945 — The Owners of the Highest Award of the Second World War of all Wehrmacht Branches". Fellgiebel was the former chairman and head of the order commission of the AKCR. In 1996 a second edition of this book was published with an addendum delisting 11 of these original recipients. Author and historian Veit Scherzer has cast doubt on a further 193 of these listings. The majority of the disputed recipients had received the award in 1945, when the deteriorating situation of the Third Reich during the final days of World War II left a number of nominations incomplete and pending in various stages of the approval process. Scherzer wrote his book in cooperation with the German National Archives. The book was chosen by Prof. Dr. Franz W. Seidler for the library of the Bundeswehr University Munich and Deutsche Dienststelle (WASt) and is considered an accepted reference there. For many years Fellgiebel's book was considered the main reference work on this topic and has now been succeeded by Scherzer's work.
Listed here are the 448 Knight's Cross recipients of the Wehrmacht and Waffen-SS whose last name starts with "R". The AKCR named 447 recipients. Scherzer has challenged the validity of 11 of these listings but also identified one additional legitimate recipient, Siegfried Rieger. The recipients are initially ordered alphabetically by last name. The rank listed is the recipient's rank at the time the Knight's Cross was awarded.
Background.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment, of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross (), the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross (). Article 2 of the enactment mandated that the award of a higher class be preceded by the award of all preceding classes. As the war progressed, some of the recipients of the Knight's Cross distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords () and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds (). At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds (), based on the enactment of 29 December 1944, became the final variant of the Knight's Cross authorized.
Recipients.
The Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (Supreme Command of the Armed Forces) kept separate Knight's Cross lists for the Heer (Army), Kriegsmarine (Navy), Luftwaffe (Air Force) and Waffen-SS. Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade. Of the 448 awards made to servicemen whose last name starts with "R", 46 were later awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, eight the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords, two the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds and one the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds; 37 presentations were made posthumously. Heer members received 295 of the medals, including the additional recipient identified by Scherzer; 16 went to the Kriegsmarine, 98 to the Luftwaffe, and 39 to the Waffen-SS. The sequential numbers greater than 843 for the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves are unofficial and were assigned by the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR) and are therefore denoted in parentheses.
Siegfried Rieger.
Siegfried Rieger is not listed by the Association of Knight's Cross Recipients (AKCR). According to Veit Scherzer Rieger received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 18 April 1945, as Oberfeldwebel in the Heer and Sprengkommando of the Luftwaffe I/III in Luftgaukommando Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="9831443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831443" title="Samsung Medical Center">
Samsung Medical Center

Samsung Medical Center (SMC) which is located in Irwon-Dong of Gangnam-Gu, Seoul Korea is a tertiary hospital. SMC is composed of Samsung Seoul Hospital (삼성서울병원), Kangbook Samsung Hospital (강북삼성병원), Samsung Changwon hospital (삼성창원병원), and Samsung Life Sciences Research Center (삼성생명과학연구소). SMC was founded on November 9, 1994 under the philosophy of “contributing to improving the nation’s health through the best medical service, advanced medical research, and development of outstanding medical personnel." Since its foundation, the Samsung Medical Center has successfully incorporated and developed an advanced model with the motto of becoming a "patient-centered hospital," a new concept in Korea.
Facilities.
Samsung Medical Center consists of a hospital and a cancer center. The hospital is located in an intelligent building with floor space of more than 200,000 square meters and 20 floors aboveground and 5 floors underground, housing 40 departments, 10 specialist centers, 120 special clinics, and 1,306 beds. On the other hand, the 655-bed Cancer Center has 11 floors aboveground and 8 floors underground, with floor space of over 100,000 square meters. SMC is a tertiary hospital manned by approximately 7,400 staff including over 1,200 doctors and 2,300 nurses. Since SMC was opened in 1994, SMC has become a Koreas representative medical institution. It has provided medical treatments for 16 million outpatients, and SMC is giving treatments to average of 8,000 patients daily. SMC is leading to make further developments in the medical field in Korea and is planning to build the Samsung International Medical Center by 2015. In March 2010, SMC announced the Project to become a “globally leading” hospital in the medical market. 
Equipped with advanced medica service infrastructure including outstanding medical staff, order communication system (OCS), picture archiving communication system (PACS), clinical pathology automation system, and logistics automation system, SMC is defining a new hospital culture in Korea by being the best hospital in terms of hi-tech medical services and through the provision of genuine patient-centered medical services (shortest waiting time, hospital that does not require guardians).
Educational units.
Since March 1997 when it was established to train the students of Sungkyunkwan University's school of medicine, the Samsung Medical Center has admitted 40 of the nation’s top students each year to prepare for a bright future at the center. As a teaching hospital for the Sungkyunkwan University school of medicine, the Hospital autonomously trains and nurtures clinical instructors and medical specialist. 
SMC provides EBM (Evidence-Based Medicine)education, Korea’s first PBL (Problem-based Learning) education medical English education, lectures in cultural studies, PDR (Patient Doctor Relationship) education for doctors which teaches the ways to communicate effectively with patients, professional nurse training systems with a combination of theoretical an practitioners. Hence, SMC is recognized as a medical institute producing the best-skilled personal in the field of medicine. 
Samsung Medical Center considers the next 10 years to be crucial in its bid to become a world-class medical institute and makes all-out efforts and investment in ensuring that it is prepared for the future.
To ensure its further growth, the Samsung Medical Center opened the Samsung Cancer Center and Samsung Cancer Lab in 2008 and 2009, respectively; it is set to open the Samsung International Medical Center in 2016.
Research.
Through innovative achievements in advanced medicine, SMC is developing medical science. 
With the Research Center for Future Medicine, SMC is continuously presenting excellent research papers based on active research on advanced medicine. SMC is involved in the 3 major national research projects under the Ministry of Health and Welfare. These assignments are the designation as a Regional Clinical Trial Center, Clinical Trial Professional Training Academy, and a Medical Device Clinical Trial Center. It was also designated as a guidance-style research-oriented hospital to develop new biomedicine that can overcome obstinate cancers. 
Samsung Medical Center, one of the world's top ten hospitals to conduct the most multinational clinical trials, was accredited by the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC) and was registered as an institutional board and a clinical study center by the US Department of Health and Human Services. 
It is also the first non-US medical institution to obtain an accreditation from the Association For The Accreditation Of Human Research Protection Program (AAHRPP).
International Health Services.
Opened in September 1995, International Health Services offers inpatient and outpatient treatments, consultations, and referrals across a comprehensive range of specializations. The service is a major component of the Samsung Medical Center's Seoul hospital, one of the country's leading health care institutions.
Samsung Medical Center is well received among foreign residents for its outstanding medical and nursing staff and for its proficient services. International Health Services has put into effect the cashless service with certain companies, main embassies, foreign schools, and US army hospitals for the convenience of foreign patients visiting IHS. In addition, IHS has become the undisputed no. 1 International clinic within Korea, with a large portion of foreign patients residing in Korea as well as those residing in other parts of Asia and Middle East visiting the clinic each year.
Social Service.
As an institute providing service of public utility, SMC has provided volunteer medical services for more than 50,000 patients since it opened in 1994. It has also been engaged in support activities worth more than KRW 37 billion by providing volunteer medical services for social welfare facilities, remote communities with low accessibility of care and through charitable work for disaster areas home and abroad. SMC launched “Medical Volunteer's Group” for systemic Volunteer medical services in 2006, has developed the “Free Medical Services: Sharing Happiness” to provide volunteer medical service for residents in farming and fishing communities. It is also providing opportunities for medical treatment, rehabilitation and social participation for the impoverished patients by giving support for their medical expenses, in an effort to become a warm and caring hospital for the people. 
Samsung Medical Center is also engaged in charitable activities that are in connection with affiliates of Samsung Group. Its major activities include the “Bringing back bright smiles” project, which provides free plastic surgery and rehabilitation programs for low-income patients with facial deformities, the “Finding the Harmony of the world” project which supports artificial cochlea implant operations and rehabilitations for hearing-impaired people, the “Heart for Eye” which provides eyesight recovery operations for low-income visually impaired children, and the “Heart to Heart” project supporting free operations for Vietnamese children with congenital heart disease. 
These activities all enable underprivileged low-income disabled people to live with a better view on life.
In addition, SMC operates the “Apple Tree of Hope” donation campaign on a constant basis. The campaign supports hospital expenses for the impoverished patients, and operates hospital schools for long-stay child patients to enable them to continue their studies that may have been suspended due to their illnesses. 
It also provides medical service to disaster areas abroad by visiting them, including the Kobe earthquake (1995), the Taiwan earthquake (2006) and the tsunami in Southeast Asia (2004).
Global Cooperation.
A leap into a global top-class hospital through a strong network with overseas medical institutes and through MOUs with overseas organizations for medical cooperation.
Samsung Medical Center, which aims to become a globally leading hospital, has been promoting active interaction with various distinguished medical institutes worldwide including Mayo Clinic (US), MD Anderson Cancer Center (US), and Beijing University Hospital. Since 2009, the Hospital is also promoting full-scale activities to attract foreign patients, which comprise a dynamic force for Korea’s new growth.
The Hospital is particularly focusing on direct consultation with foreign governments, signing memoranda of understanding with the Mongolian Embassy in Korea (July 2009), Vladivostok City (Aug. 2009), Dubai (June. 2010) and Almaty, Kazakhstan (Aug. 2010). One of the most outstanding achievements is the opening of the Samsung Dubai Medical Center in Dubai, UAE, which made the Hospital the first Korean hospital to advance into the Middle East. Based on all these efforts, the Hospital received a citation from the Ministry of Health and Welfare as the hospital attracting the most foreign patients.

</doc>
<doc id="9831474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831474" title="Odelmys Palma">
Odelmys Palma

Odelmys Palma López (; born 18 December 1971 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired female javelin thrower from Cuba. 
__TOC__
Career.
She finished eleventh at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She threw 65.80 metres with the old javelin model in June 1997 in Havana.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9831540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831540" title="Avril Lavigne's Make 5 Wishes">
Avril Lavigne's Make 5 Wishes

"Avril Lavigne's Make 5 Wishes" is a manga style comic book written by Joshua Dysart with artwork by Camilla D’Errico. The first volume was released by Del Rey Manga on April 10, 2007, with the second and final volume released on July 3, 2007. The comic was also released in Brazil with the name "Faça Cinco Pedidos".
Plot.
Volume 1.
The story is about a teenage girl named Hanna. She is lonely and unpopular at school, so she spends most of her time on the internet creating “various cool, smart, sexy, and popular alter egos.” Her "best friend" is an imaginary version of Avril Lavigne, who acts as Hana's conscience as well as an imaginary friend. Becoming increasingly isolated in life, Hana one day stumbles across a website, "www.make5wishes.com", which offers to grant five wishes for a small fee of $19.95. Eager and desperate to turn her life around, she places an order on the site. A few days later, a small box arrives. As Hana opens it in her bedroom, a small demon-like creature comes out. The demon befriends her and explains how the wishes work. As Hana makes her first few wishes, things do not turn out the way she would have liked, and the wishes the demon grants often have unforeseen and unwanted consequences; for example causing dementia in an old man who Hana wished she would not have to talk to again. In addition, the demon secretly e-mails the people (including Jessica) whom she talks to online as one of her aliases, while she sleeps, messing with them and their feelings.
Volume 2.
The story follows on from volume 1, and details how Hana's wishes are continuing to affect those around her in unwanted ways. Hana, after initially liking the demon and naming him Romeo, becomes increasingly angry and distrustful of him. After surviving an explosion at her school which kills a teacher (Mr. Terry) and several students (i.e. Jessica and Brian) another of Hana's wishes is granted: for everyone to love her. Indeed they do, and hold a celebration in her honor for surviving the explosion. However, Hana is now enveloped in a shroud of fire which no one else can see, and which increasingly clouds her from reality. Her imaginary version of Avril Lavigne seldom shows herself any more, and Hana locks the demon in its box, not wanting it to cause any more trouble. However, she has one final wish, and without thinking she grabs Romeo and makes her final wish, to meet the real Avril Lavigne, before sealing him back in his box. At school the other students are much nicer to Hana, and one invites her to a cosplay gathering, held on a small bridge in the town. Hana goes to the student's house. She has a large collection of outfits and Hana decides to go to the party as Avril Lavigne. After getting dressed, she looks in the mirror, and sees Avril Lavigne looking back at her. She realises that her final wish has been granted, and Romeo has tricked her once again. Distraught, she runs home and grabs Romeo's box with him in it, and goes to the party. There, she looks out over the bridge at the river below. Another party-goer comes up to her and comments on how nice she looks, immediately recognizing she has dressed as Avril Lavigne. They talk, but the shroud of fire around Hana becomes more intense. With Romeo trapped in the box, Hana jumps off the bridge. The shroud of fire disappears and Hana is at peace, knowing that the demon will never be able to hurt anyone again, until she notices that the box is empty and Romeo has escaped. Back on the bridge, the crowd is in shock. The girl Hana was talking to removes her fancy dress wig to reveal her long blonde hair - it was the real Avril Lavigne who Hana had been speaking to. Hana's fate is unknown.
Themes.
The comic addresses the stress of modern angsty teenage life and the pressures of family turmoil, shows through escapism and desperation of the main character, Hana.
Avril Lavigne.
An imaginary alter ego of Avril Lavigne appears in the story as one of the main characters. Hana dreams of meeting Avril and being close friends. Avril responds to this: "I know that many of my fans read comics, and I’m really excited to be involved in creating stories that I know they will enjoy."

</doc>
<doc id="9831562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831562" title="Sir William St Quintin, 3rd Baronet">
Sir William St Quintin, 3rd Baronet

Sir William St Quintin, 3rd Baronet (c. 1662 – 30 June 1723), of Harpham in Yorkshire, was an English official and Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of William St Quintin of Muston (1632–1695); he succeeded to the family baronetcy in November 1695 on the death of his grandfather, Sir Henry St Quintin of Harpham, who outlived his father by only a few days. His mother Elizabeth was the daughter of Sir William Strickland of Boynton, another local baronet.
St Quintin entered Parliament in 1695 as member for Kingston upon Hull, and served as the city's MP in eleven parliaments. A capable official, he held a series of responsible and lucrative posts: from 1698 to 1701 was a Commissioner of Customs, with the substantial salary of £1000 a year, but resigned the office when a new law barring the commissioners from sitting in Parliament came into force; from 1706 to 1713 he was a Commissioner of Revenue in Ireland, at the same salary, then from 1714 to 1717 a Lord of the Treasury. In 1717 he became Commissioner of the Alienation Office, and in 1720 was appointed joint Vice-Treasurer, Receiver General and Paymaster of Ireland, offices he held until his death. He was also a member of the Privy Council of Ireland.
In the 1690s, he bought an estate at Scampston near Malton; Scampston Hall subsequently became the main family seat.
He died unmarried in 1723, and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his nephew William. His body was interred at St John of Beverley Church Harpham.

</doc>
<doc id="9831570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831570" title="JME Molecule Editor">
JME Molecule Editor

The JME Molecular Editor is a Java applet with which one can make and edit drawings, both of molecules and of reactions (including generation of substructure queries), and can display molecules within an HTML page. The editor can generate Daylight SMILES or MDL Molfiles of the created structures.
The JME Editor was written by Peter Ertl while at Comenius University and later at Ciba-Geigy, Basel.
It is available free for non-commercial use and has become a standard for molecular-structure input on the web.
JME has been ported to JavaScript using the Google Web Toolkit (GWT). In analogy to JME the JavaScript editor is named JSME .

</doc>
<doc id="9831571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831571" title="Gymnopilus luteofolius">
Gymnopilus luteofolius

Gymnopilus luteofolius, also known as Yellow-Gilled Gymnopilus is a large and widely distributed mushroom which grows in dense clusters on dead hardwoods and conifers. It has a rusty orange spore print and a bitter taste. It contains the hallucinogen psilocybin. 
Systematics.
Gymnopilus luteofolius was first described as "Agaricus luteofolius" by Charles Horton Peck in 1875. It was renamed "Pholiota luteofolius" by Pier Andrea Saccardo in 1887, and was given its current name by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1951. 
Description.
The fruit bodies of "Gymnopilus luteofolius" have reddish to purplish to yellow caps in diameter, which often develop green stains. This cap surface is covered with fasciculate scales which start out purplish, soon fade to brick red, and finally fades to yellow as the mushroom matures. The context is reddish to light lavender, fading to yellowish as the mushroom matures. The gills have adnate attachment and start off yellow, turning rusty brown as the spores mature. The stipe is the same color as the cap, often dusted with rusty brown spores, fibrillose, measuring 3 - 9 by 3 - 10 mm thick, equal to enlarged near the base. The stipe often has greenish stains near the base. The taste is bitter. 
The spores are bright rusty brown in deposit, measuring (5.5) 6 - 8.5 x (3.5) 4 - 4.5 μm, ellipsoid to subellipsoid, inequilateral, roughened and dextrinoid, with no germ pore. The basidia measure 24 - 28 x 6 - 7 μm and are 4-spored. The basidioles are often brown. The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) measures 30 - 38 x 5 - 10 μm, hyaline, fusoid to subventricose. The cystidia on the gill edge (cheilocystidia) measures 23 - 28 x 4 - 7 μm, ventricose to flash shaped, often capitate. The lamellar trama is made up of parallel hyphae 5 - 18 μm across, frequently septate, with yellowish pigment which is dissolved by KOH. The pileus trama is interwoven, and the pileus cuticle has brown tufts of brown incrusted hyphae. The pileocystidia measures 44 - 53 (100) μm, and are clavate, cylindrical or ventricose terminal elements on the hyphae that forms the scales on the cap. Cystidia on the stem (caulocystidia) are 20 - 63 x 3 - 15 μm, clavate, ventricose or flask shaped. The gill trama and pileus trama are pale yellowish-brown in KOH and reddish brown in Melzer%27s_reagent. Clamp connections are present.
See also.
List of "Gymnopilus" species

</doc>
<doc id="9831583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831583" title="Kelantan keping">
Kelantan keping

The keping was the currency of Kelantan until 1909 when it was replaced by the Straits dollar. It was subdivided into 10 "pitis". Coins were struck in tin in denominations of 1 pitis (holed), 1 and 10 keping.
One piti coins were made from tin, round in shape, smooth edged and holed. The coins were 18 mm in diameter with Arabic legend.

</doc>
<doc id="9831600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831600" title="Regla Cárdenas">
Regla Cárdenas

Regla María Cárdeñas Telo (born 21 January 1975 in Cárdenas, Matanzas) is a retired Cuban heptathlete.
__TOC__
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9831605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831605" title="Josep Fontana">
Josep Fontana

Josep Fontana, born in Barcelona, in 1931, is a Catalan Spanish historian.
Education.
He received his master's degree in philosophy and letters (section history) at the University of Barcelona in 1956 and his doctorate in history by the same university in 1970. He was a student of Jaume Vicens i Vives and Ferran Soldevila. Their main currents of investigation are economic history, 19th century Spanish history and the history of property. He has been influenced in his thought by E.P. Thompson, Pierre Vilar, Gramsci and Walter Benjamin.
Career.
The Jaume Vicens i Vives University Institute of History, the interdisciplinary Ph.D. history institute in the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona was originally directed and founded by Dr. Fontana, in which he continues to teach classes of Introduction to History and 20th-century Spanish history. He has taught economic, the interplay between history, law and economics and contemporary history at the University of Barcelona, the University of Valencia and at the Autonomous University of Barcelona.
Dr. Fontana has been an active contributor to scholarly history publications since 1970, among them, "l'Avenç" (1976). The Introduction to History course taught during the first cycle of the humanities track of the Universitat Pompeu Fabra is based on Fontana's book "Introduction to the Study of History".

</doc>
<doc id="9831608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831608" title="Frank Berryman">
Frank Berryman

Lieutenant General Sir Frank Horton Berryman, (11 April 1894 – 28 May 1981) was an Australian Army officer who served as a general during the Second World War. The son of an engine driver, he entered Duntroon in 1913. His class graduated early after the First World War broke out, and he served on the Western Front with the field artillery. After the war, he spent nearly twenty years as a major.
Berryman joined the Second Australian Imperial Force (AIF) on 4 April 1940 with the rank of full colonel, and became General Staff Officer Grade 1 (GSO1) of the 6th Division. He was responsible for the staff work for the attacks on Bardia and Tobruk. In January 1941, Berryman became Commander, Royal Artillery, 7th Division, and was promoted to brigadier. During the Syria-Lebanon campaign, he commanded "Berry Force". He returned to Australia in 1942, becoming Major General, General Staff, of the First Army. Later that year, he became Deputy Chief of the General Staff under the Commander in Chief, General Sir Thomas Blamey, who brought him up to Port Moresby to simultaneously act as chief of staff of New Guinea Force. Berryman was intimately involved with the planning and execution of the Salamaua-Lae campaign and the Huon Peninsula campaign. In November 1943 he became acting commander of II Corps, which he led in the Battle of Sio. In the final part of the war, he was Blamey's representative at General of the Army Douglas MacArthur's headquarters and the Australian Army representative at the Japanese surrender in Tokyo Bay.
After the war, Berryman commanded Eastern Command. He directed the military response to the 1949 Australian coal strike. Berryman hoped to become Chief of the General Staff but was passed over as he was seen as a "Blamey man" by Prime Minister Ben Chifley. He retired and became the Director General of the Royal Tour of Queen Elizabeth II in 1954. He was Chief Executive Officer of the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales from 1954 to 1961.
Education and early life.
Frank Horton Berryman was born in Geelong, Victoria, on 11 April 1894, the fourth of six children and the eldest of three sons of William Lee Berryman, a Victorian Railways engine driver, and his wife, Annie Jane, née Horton. William Berryman joined in the 1903 Victorian Railways strike and, when it failed, was reinstated with a 14 per cent pay cut, only regaining his 1903 pay level in 1916. Frank was educated at Melbourne High School, where he served in the school Cadet Unit, and won the Rix prize for academic excellence. On graduation, he took a job with the Victorian railways as a junior draughtsman.
In 1913, Berryman entered the Royal Military College, Duntroon, having ranked first among the 154 candidates on the entrance examination. Of the 33 members in his class, nine died in the First World War, and six later became generals: Leslie Beavis, Berryman, William Bridgeford, John Chapman, Edward Milford and Alan Vasey. Berryman rose to fifth in order of merit before his class graduated early, in June 1915, because of the outbreak of the First World War.
First World War.
Berryman's Duntroon class had not yet completed its military training. Major General William Throsby Bridges decided that regimental duty would rectify that deficiency, so he assigned the Duntroon cadets as regimental officers of the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF), rather than as staff officers. Cadets were given the choice of service in the infantry or light horse. One cadet, Lawrence Wackett, protested that he wished to serve in the technical services. When asked if they would prefer the technical services, twelve cadets, including Berryman, Beavis, Clowes, Vasey, and Wackett stepped forward. Berryman was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Permanent Military Forces (PMF) on 29 June 1915 and again in the First AIF on 1 July 1915. He was posted to Lieutenant Colonel Harold Grimwade's 4th Field Artillery Brigade of the 2nd Division Artillery, along with Vasey and Milford. Berryman embarked for Egypt with the 4th Field Artillery Brigade on the transport "Wiltshire" on 17 November 1915. In Egypt, Berryman briefly commanded the 4th Brigade Ammunition Column before it was absorbed into the 2nd Division Ammunition Column.
The 2nd Division moved to France in March 1916. Berryman became a temporary captain on 1 April 1916, a rank which became substantive on 10 June 1916. In January 1917, he was posted to the 7th Infantry Brigade as a trainee staff captain. During the Second Battle of Bullecourt he served with 2nd Division headquarters. He was appointed to command the 18th Field Artillery Battery, and became a temporary major on 1 September 1917, which became substantive on 10 September 1917. This was as far as he could go, for Duntroon graduates could not be promoted above major in the AIF. This policy was aimed at giving them a broad range of experience, which would benefit the Army, while not allowing them to outnumber the available post-war positions.
While commanding the 18th Field Battery, he saw action at the Battle of Passchendaele. For his service as a battery commander in this battle, he received a Mention in Despatches: 
In September 1918, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. His citation, signed by Major General Charles Rosenthal, read: 
Berryman was later nominated for a bar to his Distinguished Service Order for the September 1918 fighting, but this was subsequently downgraded to a second Mention in Despatches. He was wounded in the right eye in September 1918 while he was commanding the 14th Field Artillery Battery. Although his wound was serious enough to warrant hospitalisation, there was no permanent damage to his vision. However, it was the end of his career as a battery commander, as the Army took the opportunity to transfer him to a staff post. From 28 October 1918 to 1 July 1919, he was Brigade Major of the 7th Infantry Brigade. With the war over, he returned to Australia in October 1919.
Between the wars.
Berryman was appointed to the Staff Corps on 1 October 1920. Although he was entitled to keep his AIF rank of major as an honorary rank, his substantive rank—and pay grade—was still lieutenant. Promotion was painfully slow. He was promoted to captain and brevet major on 1 March 1923, but was not promoted to the substantive rank of major until 1 March 1935.
Berryman attended the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, from 1920 to 1923. On returning to Australia, he became an inspecting ordnance officer at the 2nd Military District. From its headquarters at Victoria Barracks, Sydney, the 2nd Military District administered the Army in most of New South Wales. He enrolled in a Bachelor of Science program at the University of Sydney. On 30 November 1925, he married Muriel Whipp. They eventually had a daughter and a son.
Berryman discontinued his university studies to prepare for the entrance examination for Staff College, Camberley. Eighteen Australian Army officers sat the exam that year, but only Berryman and one other officer passed. Only two Australian officers were accepted into staff college each year, so Berryman's attendance from 1926 to 1928 marked him out as one of the Australian Army's rising talents. It also allowed him to forge useful contacts with the British Army. Berryman later recalled, "The advantage of this was that in war we had the same doctrine of tactics and administration, which was essential if we had to work together. More than that, the officers who had to carry out their duties in cooperation knew each other personally." After graduation he was posted to the High Commission of Australia, London, from 1929 to 1932, where he served under the Military Liaison Officer, Major General Julius Bruche.
After nearly twenty years as a major, Berryman was promoted to brevet lieutenant colonel on 12 May 1935. Promotion to substantive rank, which carried the rank's pay as well as status, occurred on 1 July 1938, when he became Assistant Director of Military Operations at Army Headquarters. From December 1938 to April 1940 he was General Staff Officer Grade 1 (GSO1) of the 3rd Division. The slow rate of promotion of regular officers in the inter-war years fostered a sense of injustice and frustration among officers with good war records who found themselves outranked by Militia officers who had enjoyed faster promotion.
Second World War.
Libya.
The final straw for many regular officers was Prime Minister Robert Menzies' announcement that all commands in the Second AIF would go to Militia officers, which Berryman considered "a damn insult to the professional soldier, calculated to split the Army down the centre. We were to be the hewers of wood and the drawers of water. We, the only people who really knew the job, were to assist these Militia fellows."
Berryman joined the Second AIF on 4 April 1940 with the rank of full colonel, receiving the AIF serial number of VX20308, and became General Staff Officer Grade 1 (GSO1) of Major General Iven Mackay's 6th Division, in succession to Sydney Rowell who stepped up to become chief of staff of I Corps. Berryman soon established a good working relationship with Mackay. Despite the friction between Militia and Staff Corps officers, Berryman chose to assess officers on performance. This meant that while Berryman viewed some Militia officers, like Brigadier Stanley Savige of the 17th Infantry Brigade, with disdain, he maintained good relations with others. There were also personal and professional rivalries with other Staff Corps officers, such as Alan Vasey. Yet even those who disliked Berryman personally for his lack of patience and tact and referred to him as "Berry the Bastard" respected his abilities as a staff officer.
Mackay and Berryman were determined that the Battle of Bardia would not be a repeat of the disastrous landing at Anzac Cove in 1915. Berryman's talent for operational staff work came to the fore. From studies of aerial photographs, he selected a spot for the attack where the terrain was most favourable. His plan provided for the coordination of infantry, armour and artillery. While at times he proved secretive and hard to deal with, during the battle his forceful personality provided a good foil to the sometimes indecisive Mackay. Later that month Berryman planned the equally successful Battle of Tobruk. For his services in this campaign, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).
Syria.
In January 1941, Berryman became Commander, Royal Artillery, in Arthur "Tubby" Allen's 7th Division, and was promoted to brigadier. During the Syria-Lebanon campaign, Berryman demonstrated that he was a thrusting commander who led from the front and repeatedly demonstrated his coolness under fire. When his headquarters came under shell fire for the first time, Berryman sat calmly eating his breakfast "among the flying brick dust and bursting shells", simply telling the men to shut the door, "so they can eat breakfast without being covered in dust".
During the Vichy French counterattack, Berryman was given command of the Australian forces in the centre of the position around Merdjayoun. This scratch force became known as "Berryforce". His mission was to check the enemy advance in the Merdjayoun area. Berryman decided that the best way to do this would be to recapture Merdjayoun. This presented considerable difficulty, for although his force contained two infantry battalions, the 2/25th and 2/33rd, and a pioneer battalion, the 2/2nd, his headquarters was not equipped to control a battle in the manner of an infantry brigade, as it lacked appropriate staff and communications. Moreover, while he was supported by mechanised cavalry and 22 artillery pieces, the opposing French forces had tanks.
For the next two weeks, the outnumbered Berryforce attempted to retake the strategically important town in the Battle of Merdjayoun. His first attempt was a failure. After carrying out a personal reconnaissance on 18 June, Berryman tried again. This time his attack was halted by staunch defence by the French Foreign Legion and tanks. Berryman then tried a different approach. Instead of attempting to capture the town, he seized high ground overlooking the French supply lines. Faced with being cut off, the French withdrew from the town. Berryforce was then dissolved and Berryman returned to his role as commander of the 7th Division artillery.
The 7th Division was now concentrated in the coastal sector. Berryman clashed with Brigadier Jack Stevens of the 21st Infantry Brigade over the siting of Berryman's artillery observation posts, which were forward of the infantry's front lines. Berryman wanted Stevens' positions advanced so as to obtain effective observation of the enemy's lines for Berryman's gunners. Stevens refused, hampering Berryman's efforts to support him in the Battle of Damour. Despite this, Berryman implemented an effective artillery plan. In the final stage of the battle, Berryman, without authority, ordered Lieutenant Colonel Denzil MacArthur-Onslow of the 2/6th Cavalry Regiment to pursue the retreating French forces, but was overruled by Savige and Allen. For his part in the campaign, Berryman received a third Mention in Despatches.
Papua.
On 3 August 1941, Berryman became Brigadier, General Staff (chief of staff) of I Corps under Lieutenant General John Lavarack, again in succession to Rowell, who became Deputy Chief of the General Staff (DCGS). Berryman arrived in Jakarta by air with the advanced party of the I Corps headquarters staff on 26 January 1942 to plan its defence. Berryman reconnoitred Java and prepared an appreciation of the situation. Berryman also attempted to find out as much as possible about Japanese tactics through interviewing Colonel Ian MacAlister Stewart. This information found its way into papers circulated throughout the Army in Australia. It soon became apparent that the situation was hopeless and any troops committed to the defence of Java would be lost.
Berryman returned to Australia, where he was promoted to major general on 6 April 1942, when he became Major General, General Staff (chief of staff) of Lavarack's First Army. On 14 September 1942, Berryman became DCGS under the Commander in Chief, General Sir Thomas Blamey, in succession to Vasey. When New Guinea Force split into a rear headquarters under Blamey and an advanced headquarters under Lieutenant General Edmund Herring, so the latter could go forward to direct the Battle of Buna-Gona, Blamey brought Berryman up from Advanced LHQ in Brisbane to simultaneously act as chief of staff of New Guinea Force from 11 December 1942. Berryman formed a very close professional and personal relationship with Blamey, and henceforth Berryman would be Blamey's chief of staff and head of operational planning, which made him "one of the most important officers in the Australian Army in its struggle against the Japanese."
New Guinea.
Blamey and Berryman remained close for the rest of the war, and Blamey came to rely heavily on Berryman for advice. It was Berryman who was sent to Wau to investigate the difficulties that Savige was having, and it was Berryman who exonerated Savige. "I reported the situation Blamey and Herring," Berryman record in his diary, "and said Savige had done well and we had misjudged him." Berryman was intimately involved with the planning of the Salamaua-Lae campaign, working closely with Brigadier General Stephen J. Chamberlin at General Douglas MacArthur's General Headquarters (GHQ) in Brisbane. Berryman established good working relations with the Americans, even though their staff practices were quite different from those of the Australian Army.
Berryman was also involved in the plan's execution, once more becoming chief of staff at New Guinea Force under Blamey in August 1943. Berryman was frustrated at the failure of Vasey's 7th Division to destroy the Japanese retreating from Lae, and personally annoyed by the way that Vasey forwarded compliments to Major General Ennis Whitehead while leaving any complaints about air support to be taken up by Berryman. Berryman was next involved with the planning for the landing at Finschhafen, brokering a compromise landing plan between Rear Admiral Daniel E. Barbey and Lieutenant General Sir Edmund Herring. When Berryman discovered that the United States Seventh Fleet did not intend to reinforce the 9th Division he immediately went to Blamey, who took the matter up with MacArthur. However, it was Berryman who brokered a compromise deal with Vice Admiral Arthur S. Carpender to reinforce Finschhafen with a battalion in APDs.
On 7 November 1943, Berryman became acting commander of II Corps, a post which became permanent on 20 January 1944, superseding Vasey, whose 7th Division was diplomatically placed directly under Lieutenant General Sir Leslie Morshead's New Guinea Force. II Corps was left with the 5th and 9th Divisions. Berryman was promoted to lieutenant general on 20 January 1944. As in Syria, Berryman proved a hard-driving commander. In December 1943, II Corps broke out of the position around Finschhafen and began a pursuit along the coast. Whenever the Japanese Army attempted to make a stand, Berryman attacked with 25-pounder artillery barrages and Matilda tanks. Berryman was aware that seasonal changes were making the surf rougher and making it ever harder to operate the US Army landing craft (LCMs) and Australian Army amphibious trucks (DUKWs) that he depended on for the logistical support of his troops, but he realised that the Japanese Army's supply difficulties were greater than his own, and he gambled that if he pushed hard enough the Japanese would be unable to regroup and organise a successful defence.
In the first phase of the Battle of Sio, the advance from Finschhafen to Sio, 3,099 Japanese dead were counted and 38 prisoners taken, at a cost of 8 Australians killed and 48 wounded. In the 5th Division's subsequent drive from Sio to link up with the US 32nd Infantry Division at Saidor, 734 Japanese were killed and 1,775 found dead, while 48 prisoners were taken. Australian casualties came to 4 killed and 6 wounded. MacArthur considered Berryman's performance "quite brilliant". For his part in the campaign, Berryman was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) on 8 March 1945.
Borneo.
II Corps was renumbered I Corps on 13 April 1944 and returned to Australia, where Blamey gave Berryman his next assignment. In preparation for the Philippines Campaign, General MacArthur moved the advanced element of GHQ to Hollandia in Dutch West Papua, where it opened in late August 1944. To maintain contact with GHQ, Blamey formed a new headquarters, Forward Echelon LHQ, which opened at Hollandia on 7 September under Berryman, who became Blamey's personal representative at GHQ. Forward Echelon LHQ subsequently moved with GHQ to Leyte in February 1945, and Manila in April 1945. Berryman's role was to "safeguard Australian interests" at GHQ, but he also defended GHQ against criticism from the Australian Army. As well as liaising with GHQ, Forward Echelon LHQ became responsible for planning operations involving Australian troops. It worked on plans for operations on Luzon and Mindanao before it was finally decided that Borneo would be the Australian Army's next objective. In all of this Berrymen kept in close contact with Blamey, and the two were Australian Army representatives at the Japanese surrender in Tokyo Bay in September 1945. For his services in the final campaigns, Berryman received a fourth and final Mention in Despatches on 6 March 1947.
Later life.
After the war, Berryman took charge of Eastern Command, an appointment he held from March 1946 until his retirement at age 60 in April 1954. Berryman became known for his involvement in charitable organisations such as the War Widows Association, and as head of the Remembrance Drive Project. For this and his commitment to beautifying the Army barracks, Berryman became colloquially known in the Army as "Frank the Florist".
In June 1949, the country was rocked by the 1949 Australian coal strike. The strike began when stocks of coal were already low, especially in New South Wales, and rationing was introduced. Prime Minister Ben Chifley turned to the Army to get the troops to mine coal. This became possible when the transport unions agreed to transport coal that was mined. Responsibility for planning and organising the effort fell to Berryman. Soldiers began mining at Muswellbrook and Lithgow on 1 August, and by 15 August, when the strike ended, some 4,000 soldiers and airmen were employed. They continued work until production was fully restored.
Berryman hoped to become Chief of the General Staff in succession to Lieutenant General Vernon Sturdee but he was seen as a "Blamey man" by Chifley and his Labor government colleagues, who disliked the former Commander-in-Chief. The job was instead given to Rowell. The United States government awarded Berryman the Medal of Freedom with Silver Palm in 1948. Following the change of government in 1949, Berryman lobbied Sir Eric Harrison, the Liberal Minister for Defence Production, for the job on the retirement of Rowell in 1954, but he was now considered too old for the job.
Berryman became the Director General of the Royal Tour of Queen Elizabeth II in 1954, for which he was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO). He was Chief Executive Officer of the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales from 1954 to 1961. He died on 28 May 1981 at Rose Bay, New South Wales, and was cremated with full military honours. At the time of his funeral the Ambassador for Lebanon, Raymond Heneine, wrote in the "Canberra Times": "The inhabitants of Jezzine will never forget General Berryman, who liberated their town from the forces of the Vichy French in collaboration with the Italian and German forces. He was for them not only a great general but also a great benefactor who provided them with food supplies and medical care. In fact he was the example of humanitarianism".

</doc>
<doc id="9831612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831612" title="Larrivee">
Larrivee

Larrivee (or Larrivée) is a French surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9831633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831633" title="Rolls-Royce RB.50 Trent">
Rolls-Royce RB.50 Trent

The Rolls-Royce RB.50 Trent was the first Rolls-Royce turboprop engine.
Design and development.
The Trent was based on a concept provided by Sir Frank Whittle and was essentially a Derwent Mark II turbojet engine with an additional turbine stage driving a reduction gearbox (designed by A A Rubbra) connected to a five-bladed Rotol propeller. The Trent ran for 633 hours on test before being installed in a Gloster Meteor jet fighter which flew for the first time on 20 September 1945 at the start of a programme comprising 298 hours of flight tests.
Engines on display.
A preserved Rolls-Royce Trent turboprop engine is on display at the London Science Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9831647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831647" title="Trengganu keping">
Trengganu keping

The keping was the currency of Trengganu until 1909 when it was replaced by the Straits dollar. It was subdivided into 10 "pitis". Coins were issued in denominations of 1 pitis (tin), 1 keping (copper) and 10 keping (tin).

</doc>
<doc id="9831666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831666" title="Westfield West Lakes">
Westfield West Lakes

Westfield West Lakes is a large South Australian shopping centre located in West Lakes serving as a shopping hub for Adelaide's beachside western suburbs. It contains approximately 214 stores, with anchor tenants David Jones, Harris Scarfe, Target, Kmart, Coles, Woolworths and Reading Cinemas. The centre also includes a City of Charles Sturt Community Centre and Library, facing West Lakes Boulevard. Westfield West Lakes is the only major suburban shopping centre in Adelaide to have paid parking, a decision still causing backlash in the community.
Ownership History.
Built in the mid 1970s as a part of the West Lakes Development by Devine Properties, West Lakes Mall was opened in November 1974. The centre was designed to be in the 'Community Square' of West Lakes, which is also home to the Lakes Resort and AAMI Football Stadium. 
Owned by Deutschland Retail Property Trust Australia Limited, Westfield Group acquired a 50% interest in 2002. Subsequently, the remaining 50% ownership was sold to a private Australian Investment firm.
Redevelopment.
2004 - 2006 saw a major expansion to the North of the centre. Located next to David Jones (previously John Martin's), a large food court, fashion strip and Reading Cinema complex was built. Adjoining the cinema, is a large double storey carpark, overlooking AAMI Stadium to make up for lost carparking.
Redevelopment of the centre was completed in October 2013. It extended the centre further to the north-west, next to David Jones & Harris Scarfe and introduced a paid parking system. Target become an anchor tenant as well as approximately 40 additional retailers being added.
The expected sale of land adjoining AAMI Stadium to east of the centre for housing development will provide future growth for the centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9831689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831689" title="List of books on Liberation War of Bangladesh">
List of books on Liberation War of Bangladesh

The is a non-fiction and fiction bibliography of the Bangladesh Liberation War.
Novels.
Shahriyar Kabir.
Ashraful Hoque Noman

</doc>
<doc id="9831691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831691" title="Khazani">
Khazani

Khazani also Khazan Khel is a Pashtun clan of the Swati tribe, residing in the Districts of Batagram and Mansehra in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Their major villages are Shagey, Sharkool and Ranjan in the Konsh valley, although they also dwell in the Chatta Batta and Mair Amjed Ali settlements near Mansehra.
In Mair Amjed Ali first khazani comes name Mohta Din Khan whow have four sons name Lal Khan,Rahm Khan,Pakhir Khan, Hayyat Khan, and

</doc>
<doc id="9831692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831692" title="Government Engineering College, Sreekrishnapuram">
Government Engineering College, Sreekrishnapuram

The Government Engineering College of Sreekrishnapuram is a technical education institute established in 1999 in the Palakkad district of Kerala. The college is fully owned by the Government of Kerala and is governed by the Directorate of Technical Education, Kerala. It is one among the prestigious engineering institutions under the Department of Technical Education, Kerala. The college is affiliated to the University of Calicut and follow its curriculum and syllabi.
GECSKP graduates are employed in a wide range of public and private sector companies within the country and abroad. Some of them have even braved to venture out and start their own organisation.
Main building has been inaugurated by Hon: Kerala Chief Minister V.S Achuthananthan on 1 August 2010. 
The college is located in the calm and peaceful village of Sreekrishnapuram in Palakkad District of Kerala. Nearest town's are Palakkad(35 KM),Ottappalam (25 KM),and Shoranur (35 KM).
The institute has four engineering departments:Information Technology, Computer Science Engineering, Mechanical engineering,Electronics and Communication engineering
Courses.
The college offers four B.Tech. courses, with an intake of 63 regular students and six lateral entry students per year for each course.
Admission to M.Tech Programmes are based on applicant's results in the GATE conducted by IITs and IISc.
Placements.
In 2010-11,5 companies selected GECSKP final year students through the campus recruitment programme.
GECSKP students have been placed in various reputed organizations like Accenture, Infosys, Mphasis, Procsys, IBM, TCS, Wipro, Cognizant Technologies, Siemens, HP, Samsung, Patni, CMC Ltd, Future Soft, HCL, IBS, Kirloskar, Heuwai Technologies, Canbay Software, Subex, US Technology, DRDO, Cordys, Hexaware, etc.
Library.
The college library has more than 12000 volumes that mostly cover the syllabus needs of the students. Some International and National Journals are also available in the college library. Around 9% of the Annual Budget is alloted for the Library.
The IEEE Magazine Package is made available in the library.
The library has subscribed to the AICTE-DELNET Scheme for online access to DEL resources of e-journals
References.
www.gecskp.ac.in

</doc>
<doc id="9831737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831737" title="Arrondissement of Huy">
Arrondissement of Huy

The Arrondissement of Huy (; ) is one of the four administrative arrondissements in the Province of Liège, Belgium.
It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Huy also comprises the municipalities of Braives, Hannut, Lincent, Saint-Georges-sur-Meuse en Wasseiges in the Arrondissement of Waremme, and Comblain-au-Pont in the Arrondissement of Liège.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Huy consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9831743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831743" title="Ekattorer Dingulee">
Ekattorer Dingulee

Ekattorer Dingulee (, ) is an autobiographical book by Martyr-Mother Jahanara Imam based on her experiences of the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971.
Ekattorer Dingulee" means The Days of 71"'.
Jahanara Imam's son Shafi Imam Rumi, a student, went out to fight against the Pakistani army in the urban regions, specially at Dhaka. This book contains Jahanara's practical daily life as well as horrors.
The book concludes the fate of an unfortunate mother who lost her child as well as her dear husband during the war. She achieved the independence for such a great price that she had to sacrifice the life of her dear child Rumi and her husband.
Rumi was one of the most brilliant students of that time. He was supposed to go abroad for getting his degrees on Engineering. But due to the fate of his luck, the independence war of Bangladesh started and he himself rose for forward to become a volunteer for the "Mukti Bahini" (Freedom fighter). During the war once he was caught and taken away from his home. He never returned.
Her husband Sharif Imam was a Civil Engineer. He had a heart attack during the war. But due to lack of electricity, the life saving machines could not be switched on as a result her husband faced death.
She got her independence but had to remain satisfied with her other son Jami. This book actually the cruelty of the war. It is also the auto-biography of the other thousands of mother of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="9831759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831759" title="Ivan Ceresnjes">
Ivan Ceresnjes

Ivan Ceresnjes (born 1945, Sarajevo), also known as Ivica Ceresnjes, is a Bosnian architect-researcher at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem specializing in the documentation of the Jewish architectural-cultural heritage in the former Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe. During the Bosnian War of 1992–1995 he served as the president of the Jewish community of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and played a central role in the rescue and evacuation of thousands of Sarajevo residents.
Biography.
Ceresnjes was born in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia (present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina). He received his Bachelor's and Master's degrees from the Arhitektonsko - Urbanisticki Fakultet (Faculty of Urban Architecture) in the University of Sarajevo and afterwards worked as a practicing architect-designer, project manager, and manager of the building department, with responsibility for approximately 500,000 square meters of buildings in the Sarajevo area. His work included designing, building, restoration and conservation of sacred buildings of various religious denominations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, such as churches and mosques.
A significant part of his professional activity was devoted to Jewish buildings and sites. He was engaged in initiating, supporting, organizing the funding, and actively working on revitalization, reconstruction, and conservation of the 16th-century old Sephardic cemetery in Sarajevo. That project was prepared for a public presentation twenty-four hours before war broke out in Bosnia and Herzegovina in March 1992. Ceresnjes also surveyed and planned restorations for the Ashkenazi synagogue in Sarajevo (built in 1902), the 17th-century Il Kal Nuevu Sephardic synagogue, and the cemetery chapel on the Jewish cemetery (1926).
In 1989–1990 he planned and headed the reconstruction of the Jewish summer camp in Pirovac, Croatia, which served as a central meeting place for the entire Jewish community of the former Yugoslavia. In 1990–1991 he prepared and headed the restoration and conservation of the complex of the burial site of Rabbi Moshe Danon, a significant historic person from the Bosnian Jewish community (1832, The Sarajevo Megilla) in Stolac, Herzegovina.
Jewish community leader.
Ceresnjes served as head of the Jewish community of Bosnia and Herzegovina and vice-chairman of the Yugoslav Federation of Jewish Communities from 1992 until his emigration to Israel in 1996. His tenure coincided with the Bosnian War of 1992–1995. When Serbian forces occupied the Jewish cemetery in Sarajevo, Ceresnjes gave permission to the Bosnia-Herzegovinan army to bomb the cemetery. (In the end, the cemetery was not bombed.)
Ceresnjes and the Sarajevo Jewish humanitarian society, La Benevolencija, also provided aid to thousands of besieged Catholic, Muslim, Orthodox Christian and Jewish residents, supplying food, medicine, and postal and radio communications. Ceresnjes told a local paper that the nonsectarian relief effort was partly a gesture of gratitude to local Muslims who had hidden Jews during the Nazi occupation of Yugoslavia. As a student of Balkan history, Ceresnjes said he had anticipated the war a full year before it broke out, and had organized the Jewish community of Sarajevo to stockpile supplies, make sure everyone had passports, make plans to evacuate the children and the elderly, and find places for the evacuees in Israel and Europe. After the war started, Ceresnjes and La Benevolencija assisted the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee in the evacuation of 2,500 Sarajevo residents, only one-third of whom were Jewish. There were 11 evacuations in all, three by air early on in the war, and eight by bus convoy after the airport had been closed to civilian traffic. While other convoys were stopped, the Ceresnjes convoys all got through, as field staff from the Joint negotiated cease fires to ensure safe transfer.
In recognition of his wartime humanitarian efforts, Ceresnjes was awarded the French Légion d'honneur in October 1994. He published his wartime memoirs in a 35-page monograph, "Caught in the winds of war: Jews in the former Yugoslavia", in 1999.
Work in Israel.
Ceresnjes made aliyah to Israel in 1996. In 1997 he joined the Center for Jewish Art at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem as an architect-researcher. He is permanently engaged in the documentation of the Jewish architectural cultural heritage in the former Yugoslavia and other Eastern European countries, along with the mapping of Holocaust memorials and monuments. He also assists the United States Congressional Commission for Protecting and Preserving American Property Abroad, which was founded in 1985 to survey Jewish cemeteries, memorials and monuments, with a primary focus on Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="9831768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831768" title="Komplett.no Arena">
Komplett.no Arena

Komplett.no Arena is the current stadium of Sandefjord Fotball. It was opened on 21 July 2007, when Lyn visited Sandefjord, and is still the match with the highest attendance of 8,103. The stadium is named after the club's main sponsor, Komplett.

</doc>
<doc id="9831772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831772" title="Penang dollar">
Penang dollar

The dollar was the currency of Penang between 1786 and 1826. It was subdivided into 100 "cents", also called "pice", and was equal to the Spanish dollar. The dollar was introduced after the East India Company acquired the island in 1786. In 1826, the Indian rupee was declared legal tender in Penang at a value of 48 pice. The dollar again became the currency of Penang with the introduction of the Straits dollar.
Between 1786 and 1788, coins were issued in denominations of , ½ and 1 cent (copper), , ¼ and ½ dollar (silver). Large, tin 1 cent coins were issued between 1800 and 1809, followed by copper ½ and 1 cent in 1810. In 1826, copper ½, 1 and 2 cents coins were issued which were also minted in 1828, after the dollar had been replaced by the rupee.

</doc>
<doc id="9831778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831778" title="Alejandro Cárdenas">
Alejandro Cárdenas

Alejandro Manuel Cárdenas Robles (born September 4, 1974 in Hermosillo, Sonora) is a retired track & field athlete from Mexico. He is married to high jumper athlete Romary Rifka.
Career.
After forming part of the Mexican 4 X 100 metres relay in the 1992 Summer Olympics, he opted for the decathlon. 
In 1995 he obtained a bronze medal in the Pan American Games in decathlon and another bronze as the member of the 4 X 100 relay.
During 1996, he specialized in the 400 m dash, in which participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and qualified for the semifinals, with a time of 45.33 s. 
In 1998 he participated in the Central American and Caribbean Games, in 400 m dash, in which he obtained a bronze medal. 
Cárdenas also participated in 1999 on the IAAF World Indoor Championships, in 400 m dash in which he obtained a bronze medal. That same year also participated in the World Championships in Athletics. Alejandro ran along with Michael Johnson, he reached a third place, and a personal record of 44.31 s. 
Little time later he participated in which were its last Pan American Games, reaching a third place in the 400 m dash. 
Alejandro participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in 400 m dash, running 46.14 s in the first round, and 45.66 in the semifinals, in which did not advance. 
Four years later Cárdenas participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in the 400 m dash, running 45.46 s in the first round, and 45.64 s in the semifinals, in which did not advance. 
In the 2005 the Mexican athlete again participated in the World Championships, in Helsinki, Finland, being eliminated in the first round with a time of 46.73 s. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831781" title="BTL Institute of Technology">
BTL Institute of Technology

BTL Institute of Technology popularly known as BTLIT is an engineering college situated in Bommasandra Industrial Area near Electronics city in Bangalore, India. The college was founded in 1997, initially being affiliated to the Bangalore University. From 1998, the college has been associated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum.
The college teaches four streams of engineering:
The college was founded by B.T Lakshman an NRI who earlier worked as a Civil Engineer at Delaware, USA. 

</doc>
<doc id="9831806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831806" title="Marcus Vulson de la Colombière">
Marcus Vulson de la Colombière

Marcus Vulson de la Colombière (†1658 or 1665) or Sieur de la Colombière was a French heraldist, historian, poet, minion of the royal court. His name is often spelt as Wulson and also as Volson. 
He published several highly successful books on symbols, prophecies, heraldry, dreams etc. He put together all the available knowledge and traditions associated with chivalry. In the 17th century chivalry was practically rediscovered by two genealogists and sycophants in the French court: Colombière and Claude-François Ménestrier after its golden age (1100–1400) and the decline of chivalry, developing its idealized image. Some authors named de la Colombière as the inventor of hatching system of tinctures.
Biography.
We have only some fragmented data about his life. Even the 19th century big biographies deliver only incomplete information about him. He was born in a Protestant noble family at the end of the 16th century in Dauphiné. He was a son of Francois, advocat and Michelle Odde de Bonniot. In his youth, he fought for Henry IV. According to a curious anecdote, in 1618 he went to Paris to request grace, after he killed his treacherous wife and her lover. 
According to the title pages of his books, (see for example "Le Vray Théâtre d´honneur et de Chevalerie", Paris, 1648), he was a member of parliament (self-government) in Paris and the member of the Order of Saint Michael ("gentilhomme de la Chambre du Roi et Décoré de l’Ordre de Saint-Michel"). By all probability, until 1635 he was staying in Grenoble as he was a royal counselor in the Dauphiné parliament ("conseiller du roi en la cour de parlement de Dauphiné"). He also published a book in the spirit of the Gallicanism in Geneva that year. (It can be noted that several of the Protestant priests and students at the Geneva University were his kinsmen.) Gallicanism served as a proper means to express his Protestant views in opposition to Catholicism, and he presented them in such a way that it was even appreciated by the state establishment too. 
Colombière’s ideas suited the king’s taste too, as a result he left Grenoble and settled down in Paris, where he devoted his entire energy to study heraldry. According to the catalogues of the Bibliothèque Nationale de France, his next book was published in Paris in 1638.
The Dispute of de la Colombière and Petra Sancta.
He had wide-ranging correspondence with the most renowned heraldists of his time. For this reason, it could perhaps be concluded that Colombière was right in claiming the title of the inventor of the hatching system, and accusing Silvester Petra Sancta of copying his method and incorrectly publishing it in his 1638 work, one year before the same hatching system was published by de la Colombière. On page 37 of his title "La Science Heroïque" (1644), Colombière maintains that Petra Sancta simply copied his system without any changes. Colombière also maintains that he showed to Petra Sancta his hatching system in the past. In his citation, de la Colombière also mentions the book publishers and copperplate engravers as the users of the hatching system, thus emphasizing that by using this method on the illustrations, engravers can always designate the tinctures of the copperplates in the same coherent manner. In the title of his 1639 book he directly mentions that hatching is a "new method" used by copperplate engravings ("suivant l'art des anciens roys d'armes... et une nouvelle méthode de cognoistre les métaux et couleurs sur la taille-douce"). The book was published by Melchior Tavernier, and the engraved fontoispiece was made by Abraham Bosse. Maybe he was also the author of the remaining engravings inside the book. However, de la Colombière contributed to the drawing and engraving of illustrations too, as we can see from his signature under the armorial genealogical table of his supporter, Denys de Salvaing. 
In his 1639 title, de la Colombière published no hatching table, and did not mention Petra Sancta. The reason probably was that in 1638 the publication of his book was already in progress and/or he did not know nothing about the same hatching method published by Petra Sancta in 1638. He just described the way of hatchings by words, and published a hatching table first in 1644. 
Ottfried Neubecker maintains that the hatching system in heraldry was invented by de la Colombière and not Petra Sancta who only popularized the system through his second treatise titled "Tesserae gentilitia", published in 1638.

</doc>
<doc id="9831855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831855" title="Matthew Currie Holmes">
Matthew Currie Holmes

Matthew Currie Holmes (born May 26, 1974) is a Canadian actor/producer/writer/director. As an actor, Currie Holmes has appeared in over forty film and television projects.
He played the lead character, Stick, on the acclaimed Canadian series "Godiva's". Currie Holmes won the Leo award for Best Supporting Performance By A Male in a Dramatic Series in 2005, and was again nominated for the award in 2006. Currie Holmes was also a series regular on the hit Canadian television series "Edgemont". His feature film credits include "The Fog", "Firewall", "Jet Boy", and "".
Dawn of the Dead (2004 film)
Currie Holmes produced and starred in the short film "My Charlotte" (2009), which was chosen as an "Official Cinéfondation Selection" at Cannes.
As a writer, Currie Holmes has written and story edited dozens of projects for producers and directors in both Hollywood and Canada. Most recently, he co-wrote the action/horror film "Demonology" with "X-men", "", and "Watchmen" scribe David Hayter, which as of December 2011, is in development.
Currie Holmes has recently joined forces with writer/director Tracy L. Morse to form "The Blood Bros," a creative company dedicated to the art, honor and preservation of well-written American/Canadian horror. Together Matthew and Tracy have a slate of films in various stages of development. In 2012, they directed their first feature film, entitled P5Ych.
Currie Holmes currently resides in Burbank, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9831858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831858" title="Independent Girls' Schools Sporting Association">
Independent Girls' Schools Sporting Association

The Independent Girls' Schools Sporting Association (commonly known as IGSSA), was established in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, in 1922 with five founding members, all of them independent Protestant girls' schools.
Today, the 29 member schools of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools (AHIGS), both Catholic and independent schools, compete against each other in a number of sporting carnivals and termly sports through the association. Secondary school girls compete in team and individual sports at school level and can be selected through IGSSA for state representative teams and higher competitions.
History.
The Independent Girls' Schools Sporting Association was established in 1922 as the Girls Secondary Schools Sports Union. Commencing with just five members, all of them independent, Protestant schools for girls, IGSSA grew rapidly in the 1980s and 90s following the introduction of graded competition for many sports, improving competitions and adding new sports.
Today IGSSA (or the AHIGS Sporting Committee) is a sub–committee of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools (AHIGS).
Sports.
The AHIGS Sporting Committee (IGSSA) organises competitions among 29 independent girls' schools in New South Wales. Secondary school girls compete in team and individual sports at school level and may be selected through IGSSA for state teams and other higher competitions. IGSSA works with each member school's physical education and sport programme by providing interschool competition from beginners to elite level.
IGSSA graded competitions are held on Saturday mornings and involve between 5000 to 6300 participants each term. Students may choose one Saturday sport per term:
Carnivals.
In addition to IGSSA Saturday graded competitions, the association holds six annual carnivals in seven sports:
Rowing.
The IGSSA Rowing Regatta is typically held in March at the Sydney International Regatta Centre. The ten schools that offer a rowing programme, and therefore regularly compete in the regatta are: Ascham, Canberra Girls' Grammar School, Loreto Kirribilli, Loreto Normanhurst, MLC School, the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Sydney, Pymble Ladies' College, Queenwood School for Girls, Roseville College, and Tara Anglican School for Girls. These schools also make up the bulk of entries at the Schoolgirls Head of the River regatta.
Swimming and diving.
The IGSSA Swimming and Diving carnival has been held annually since 1925. Today it is typically held in March at the Sydney Olympic Park Aquatic Centre.
In both sports, schools compete in divisions (three for swimming and two for diving) based on their results from the previous year. Both divisions have the same point score and the highest total point score within each division is deemed the Division Champion and presented with a shield. The winning school from each of the first divisions is awarded the carnival champion.
Athletics.
The IGSSA Athletics carnival has been held annually since 1923. Today it is typically held in June at Sydney Olympic Park. Competing schools are divided into three divisions based on their results from the previous year. The Division Champions are presented with a shield, with the winning school of the first divisions awarded the carnival champion.
Gymnastics.
The IGSSA annual Gymnastics Carnival was first held in 1969. Today the carnival is typically held in October, at the Sydney Olympic Park Sports Centre in Homebush. Students may compete in either Rhythmic (RG) or Artistic (WAG) gymnastics, and schools are placed in divisions (two for rhythmic and three for artistic) based on their results from the previous year. Through combined WAG and RG results, a Champion school is declared.
Tildesley Tennis.
The Tildesley Tennis Shield competition is IGSSA's longest running carnival. It was first held in 1918, with the now defunct Normanhurst School in Ashfield declared the champion school, and Daphne Akhurst (1903–1933) the winner of the singles competition. Akhurst was to become one of the best female tennis players Australia has ever produced. She was a pupil of Normanhurst School, which in 1918 had as its Headmistress, Miss Evelyn Mary Tildesley (1882–1976) from Staffordshire, England. Normanhurst School had a very successful tennis program, and by the 1920s had produced two of Australia's most famous female tennis players, with Rosie Payten in addition to Daphne Akhurst. It was Tildesley who donated "a beautiful oak and bronze shield" for a tennis competition which encouraged team spirit amongst Sydney's Protestant girls' schools.
The Shield was to be presented to the school which showed the best average score in tennis, with each school sending a tenth of its students over the age of twelve. The idea behind this was that each school would be able to give many of their pupils the chance of playing, rather than just a few very talented students, as was the case with the School Girls' Championships held by the New South Wales Lawn Tennis Association.
Tildesley was inspired by American Tennis Tournaments in determining how her competition would be scored. In such tournaments, a percentage of games won against games played is taken. This system of scoring has often been criticised over the years, particularly by the larger schools, and to this day it remains highly unusual for a large school to win the Tildesley Shield. It is however apparent that the reasoning that prompted Tildesley was that of encouraging more participation in tennis amongst the 12 Protestant schools operating in 1918, and to have a scoring system which rewarded the school with the best average.
Until 1922, the competition was managed by the Girls Secondary Schools Lawn Tennis Association, and after this time, the Girls Secondary Schools Sports Union (now IGSSA). From 1922 until 1944, the Tildesley Shield was held, where possible, on three consecutive Saturdays in October at White City Stadium. In 1918 it was held at the Double Bay Courts, as White City was then a fun parlour which was taken over for grass courts circa 1920–21. Matches were the best of eight games, with entries based on a 1:15 ratio for girls 12 years and over on 1 October, with a minimum of 12 (6 singles, 3 doubles) and a maximum of 32 (16 singles, 8 doubles).
From 1944 to 1946, the numbers were modified to 1:25, with a minimum of eight (4 singles, 2 doubles) and a maximum of 20 (10 singles, 5 doubles). In 1947 it reverted to the original scheme until 1971 when the Entry Scheme was redrafted. In 1980, it was again redrafted to a system of a 1:22 ratio, by Miss Patti Dyson, then Headmistress of PLC Sydney. All matches are now one set only, first to 9 games, no advantage. A tie-breaker is used at 7–all in quarter finals, semi-finals and finals only. Games Won, Games Lost, Games Played in all singles and doubles games are totalled for each school, with the final percentage for each school being the number of games won over the number of games played.
The continuous attempts to redraft the conditions of the Shield are largely due to the prestigious place the competition holds in Independent Girls' School Tennis. However, it has remained essential that the conditions stay true to the principles of the donor. If Miss Tildesley had wished the Shield to be reserved for the champions, which would have led to her school winning more often, then the conditions of play would have been much different. However, Tildesley, along with her sister Beatrice and Mr Henry Marsh, who had developed the concept with her, insisted that the school with the best average of games won the Shield. As Marsh explained in his article in the Normanhurst Jubilee Magazine: 
In 1998, Mr Peter Spender donated a trophy for the Most Improved Tildesley Shield Tournament School, in memory of his wife Diane Greaves, an ex–SCEGGS Darlinghurst student. Any school who improves their position from the previous year automatically becomes eligible to win the Spender trophy, and for each place gained points are awarded. Points are then accumulated according to the number of places a school improves.
Today the Tildesley Shield Competition is open to all IGSSA schools, with 24 of them typically choosing to compete, and takes place at Eastwood Thornleigh District Tennis Association courts at Pennant Hills, New South Wales over three consecutive days, usually in April. Entry is accepted according to a ratio of 1:33 secondary enrolments, which may change slightly each year due to changes in enrolment numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="9831869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831869" title="Hasan Özbekhan">
Hasan Özbekhan

Dr. Hasan Özbekhan (1921 – February 12, 2007) was a Turkish American systems scientist, cyberneticist, philosopher and planner who was Professor Emeritus of Management at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He applied the field-of-systems theory to global problems, helped inspire the group of planners, diplomats, scientists and academics who came together as the Club of Rome. 
Biography.
Hasan Özbekhan was born in Turkey in 1921, into a diplomatic family. He studied at the Lycée Chateaubraind in Rome, and then studied Law and Political and Administrative sciences at the Faculte de Droit and the École Libre des Sciences Politiques in Paris, and his graduate studies at the London School of Economics. He undertook his postgraduate work at the University of Cambridge after being elected to the Leverhume Fellowship.
In the 1960s Ozbekhan worked as management consultant to large multinational corporations. The work he did for governments includes Science Policy design for Turkey and a large study for the French Government analyzing the nature of present events that, most probably, will shape the future of Paris. The recommendations derived from these analyses currently constitute the basis of the policies adopted by the French Government with respect to the city's long-term development. From 1963 to 1969 he was principal scientist and director of planning at the System Development Corporation, a military research group and software development company in Santa Monica, California.
In 1970 he started working at the University of Pennsylvania at the faculty of the Wharton School, where he became Professor of Operations Research and Statistics, and Chairman of the Graduate Group in the Social Systems Sciences Department. From 1986 until his retirement in 1992 he was Professor of Management at the Wharton School.
He has been a Fellow of the Royal Economic Society, and held membership in The Economic Club of New York, the American Economic Association, the National Academy of Economics and Political Science, The Society of Business Advisory Professions, the Comité National Belge de l'Organisation Scientifique, the American Society for Political and Legal Philosophy, Mankind 2000, Futuribles.
He died on February 12, 2007 in Philadelphia.
Work.
Özbekhan applied the field-of-systems theory to global problems, helped inspire the group of planners, diplomats, scientists and academics who came together as the Club of Rome. He wrote a paper, "The Predicament of Mankind," that became an influential core document of the group, addressing issues of energy, overpopulation, depletion of resources and environmental degradation.
In the 1970s Özbekhan was co founder and first director of The Club of Rome, with Aurelio Peccei an Italian Industrialist, and Alexander Christakis, a physicist and systems research designer. Özbekhan wrote the original prospectus for The Club of Rome, "The Predicament of Mankind". This document served as vision for systems scientists who, under the leadership of Alexander Christakis and the 21st Century Agoras developed the science of structured dialogic design. Özbekhan is credited for the formulation of the Axiom of Engagement.
Together with Robert Jungk, Johan Galtung and many others he was member of MANKIND 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9831892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831892" title="Sir William St Quintin, 4th Baronet">
Sir William St Quintin, 4th Baronet

Sir William St Quintin, 4th Baronet ("c." 1700 – 9 May 1770), of Harpham and Scampston in Yorkshire, was an English landowner and Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of Hugh St Quintin (b. 1671). He was educated at Newcome's School in Hackney. He succeeded to the family baronetcy on 30 June 1723 on the death of his uncle, Sir William St Quintin, 3rd Baronet, who had never married.
St Quintin entered Parliament in 1722 as member for Thirsk, and remained its MP for five years. In 1730 he served as High Sheriff of Yorkshire.
He married Rebecca, daughter of Sir John Thompson, Lord Mayor of London, and their children included:

</doc>
<doc id="9831907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831907" title="Seaside sparrow">
Seaside sparrow

The Seaside Sparrow ("Ammodramus maritimus") is a small American sparrow.
Adults have brownish upperparts with grey on the crown and nape, and a grayish-buff colored breast with dark streaks; they have a dark face with grey cheeks, a white throat, and a short pointed tail. Birds show a small yellow streak just above the eye.
Their breeding habitat is salt marshes on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the United States from southern New Hampshire to southern Texas. The nest is an open cup usually built in the salt marsh on tidal reeds and spartina grasses. Females lay 2–5 eggs.
Northern birds most often migrate further south along the eastern coast of the United States.
They forage on the ground or in marsh vegetation, sometimes probing in mud. They mainly eat insects, marine invertebrates and seeds. Their feeding areas are often some distance away from the areas they choose to nest.
One of the numerous subspecies of this bird, the Dusky Seaside Sparrow ("A. m. nigrescens"), has recently become extinct, and the Cape Sable subspecies, "A. m. mirabilis", is endangered. Occurring in a restricted range but of uncertain validity is Scott's Seaside Sparrow, ("A. m. peninsulae"). Those were formerly considered a separate species.
The call closely resembles a raspy buzz, similar to a distant Red-winged Blackbird.

</doc>
<doc id="9831946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831946" title="Johnny Remember Me">
Johnny Remember Me

"Johnny Remember Me" is a song which became a 1961 UK #1 hit single for John Leyton, backed by The Outlaws. It was producer Joe Meek's first #1 production. Recounting the haunting – real or imagined – of a young man by his dead lover, the song is one of the most noted of the 'death ditties' that populated the transatlantic pop charts in the early to mid-1960s. It is distinguished in particular by its eerie, echoing sound (a hallmark of the Joe Meek production style) and by the ghostly, foreboding female wails that form its backing vocal (by Lissa Gray). The recording was arranged by Charles Blackwell.
Creation and success.
The song was written and composed by Geoff Goddard who awoke inspired and sang it straight into the tape recorder which he kept by his bedside.
At the time of the recording, John Leyton played a rock star called "Johnny Saint-Cyr" in the TV series "Harpers West One". In an episode of the show Saint-Cyr performs the song, surrounded by adoring female fans. The television exposure caused the song to become instantly well known. After it was released, it rapidly rose to the number one spot.
Evaluations.
On Juke Box Jury in 1961 Spike Milligan dismissed it as "son of 'Ghost Riders in the Sky'", predicting, along with the others on the panel, that it would not be a hit.
In 2012 the journalist Tom Ewing described the song as "the weirdest and most gripping British record to hit the top yet", with Leyton's vocal "clutching at your sleeve, desperate to tell a story of loss and madness. Meek turns the drums into phantom horsemen and fills the record's dark spaces with melodrama – a keening female voice on the chorus rounds the effect off."
Covers.
The song was covered in 1983 by singer John Spencer in Dutch, titled "Johnny, vergeet me niet".
In 1985 Bronski Beat covered the song in a medley with "I Feel Love" and "Love to Love You Baby" in a collaboration with Marc Almond. Released as a single, it reached number 3 and earned Geoff Goddard a platinum disc with sales over 300,000.
It was also covered by the Swedish rocker Little Gerhard and later by Showaddywaddy. In 1983 the British psychobilly band The Meteors released a version, followed a couple of years later by Dave Vanian and the Phantom Chords. It was the opening track on the 1993 album "Seasons in the Sun" by "Spell" (Rose McDowall and Boyd Rice).
The creation and success of the song plays a significant role in the 2009 film "" in which Goddard is portrayed by Tom Burke and Leyton by Callum Dixon.

</doc>
<doc id="9831948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831948" title="Richmond Union Passenger Railway">
Richmond Union Passenger Railway

The Richmond Union Passenger Railway, in Richmond, Virginia, was the first practical electric trolley (tram) system, and set the pattern for most subsequent electric trolley systems around the world. It is an IEEE milestone in engineering.
The Richmond system was not the first attempt to operate an electric trolley. According to the IEEE, there were at least 74 earlier attempts to provide electric trolley service in over 60 communities in North America, the United Kingdom, and continental Europe. However, these earlier attempts were not reliable enough to replace the existing animal-powered trolleys.
The Richmond system was designed by Frank Julian Sprague. After trials in late 1887, it began regular operation on February 2, 1888, with 10 streetcars. Electric power was supplied through overhead trolley wires (450 volts) for two motors on each car. Large cars weighed 6900 pounds, provided 40 seats, and carried up to 100 passengers; small cars weighed 6700 pounds with 22 seats and up to 65 passengers. Running speed was 7.5 miles/hour, with 15 miles/hour as a maximum speed. By June 1888 the system contained 40 cars running on some of track, including steep grades, and with 30 curves.
Its success proved that electric traction was both safe and reliable. The Boston City Council, after inspecting Richmond's system on September 7, 1888, approved construction the second such project by the West End Street Railway. Boston's trolley was closely patterned upon Richmond's, and again demonstrated its practicality. By 1895 almost 900 electric street railways and nearly of track had been built in the United States, and in a little over a decade animal-powered street railways had essentially vanished.
Richmond's electric trolley service ended on November 25, 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9831951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831951" title="Beit Khallaf">
Beit Khallaf

Beit Khallaf (Arabic: بيت خلاف ) is a small village 10 kilometers west of Girga in Middle Egypt
Overview.
Outside the village are two very large brick mastabas from the Third Dynasty. K1, the largest, has produced remnants from King Djoser and was excavated in 1900-1902. It measures 86 by 45 by 9 (11) metres. The foundation is hard stone gravel with a substructure going down 19 metres below ground surface. A two metre thick outer wall holds the filling with sand and stone and huge brickwork are made around pits and corners. The grave chamber held some bones of a man and hundreds of offering vessels were found in the stairway which was blocked with masonry of Nile mud and stones. Another big mastaba (K2) has left skeletal remains including a skull and the name of the Third Dynasty Pharaoh Zanakht (Nebka), the supposed brother of king Djoser. No investigation has been made here in over 100 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9831954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831954" title="Marc-Antoine Eidous">
Marc-Antoine Eidous

Marc-Antoine Eidous (c.1724 - c.1790) was a French writer, translator and "Encyclopedist" born in Marseilles.
His translations included works on the subjects of philosophy, travel and agriculture by English and Scottish authors:
Eidous also contributed to the "Encyclopédie", including an entry on heraldry ("blason").

</doc>
<doc id="9831988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9831988" title="1876 in organized crime">
1876 in organized crime

"See also:"
1875 in organized crime,
1877 in organized crime and the
list of 'years in Organized Crime'.

</doc>
<doc id="9832006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832006" title="Rudolf Eitelberger">
Rudolf Eitelberger

Rudolf Eitelberger, full name Rudolf Eitelberger von Edelberg (17 April 1817, Olomouc, Moravia – 18 April 1885, Vienna) was an art historian and the first "Ordinarius" (full professor) for art history at the University of Vienna. He is considered as the founder of the Vienna School of Art History.
Life.
Eitelberger, the son of a military officer, studied law and the Romance languages at University of Olomouc. From 1839 through 1848 he was a lecturer in philology at the University of Vienna. In the meantime he educated himself in the history of art, mounting an exhibit of old master paintings in 1846 and serving as a "Privatdozent" (private lecturer) in art history.
Eitelberger was a committed reformist throughout the Vormärz, and during the events of 1848 served as the editor of the "Wiener Zeitung", a pro-revolutionary literary journal. He was particularly concerned with the role of art history in the education of artists; also in 1848 he published a polemic against the pedagogical methods of Ferdinand Georg Waldmüller, at that time director of the Academy of Fine Arts. After the failure of the revolution, in 1850, Eitelberger delivered a series of lectures on art history, the first of which was entitled "Die Bildungsanstalten für Künstler und ihre historische Entwicklung" ("Institutions for the education of artists and their historical development").
Eitelberger's activities attracted the attention of the Austrian Minister for Religion and Education, Count Leopold Thun-Hohenstein, who attempted to secure him a position as professor of art history at the University. However, Eitelberger's theories and political activity remained controversial, and his appointment was initially vetoed by Emperor Franz Joseph. Thun resumbitted his petition, and on 5 November 1852 Eitelberger was named Professor für Kunstgeschichte und Kunstarchäologie (Professor of the History of Archhaeology of Art) at the University of Vienna. He thus became one of the first professors of art history in Europe. Gustav Friedrich Waagen had been appointed to a similar chair at the Humboldt University of Berlin in 1844, and the appointment of Eitelberger may have represented a Habsburg attempt to keep pace with the cultural policies of Prussia.
Eitelberger's activities as professor embraced both scholarly and practical, educational endeavors. Together with Gustav Heider he published a two-volume corpus of the "Mittelalterliche Kunstdenkmäler des österreichischen Kaiserstaates" ("Medieval monuments of the Austrian Empire"), and in 1871 he founded the series "Quellenschriften für Kunstgeschichte" ("Source Texts for Art History"). 
In the practical realm, Eitelberger and Jakob Falke co-founded in 1864 the "k.k. Österreichisches Museum für Kunst und Industrie" (Imperial Austrian Museum for Art and Industry), today the "Österreichisches Museum für angewandte Kunst" (Austrian Museum for Applied Art), which was inspired by the South Kensington Museum in London. In 1868 he founded the museum's educational component, the "Kunstgewerbeschule", today the "Universität für angewandte Kunst" (University for Applied Art).
Legacy.
Eitelberger insisted on the priority of the object in the history of art, and therefore lectured exclusively in the galleries of his museum. This insistence on the close attention to the visual properties of works of art became a characteristic of the Vienna School of Art History, and was continued by Eitelberger's students and successors, Moritz Thausing, Franz Wickhoff, and Alois Riegl. Eitelberger's simultaneous interest in the historical context of objects, expressed in his series of "Quellenschriften", also became a hallmark of the Vienna School, and was pursued in particular by Julius von Schlosser.
Eitelberger's commitment to the training of contemporary artists, and his insistence on the importance of the art of the past for art of the present, rendered him a central figure in the historicist movement in 19th-century Austria. He conceived art history and the practice of art as a unity, a principle expressed in his maxim: "He who wishes to pursue art history must possess a natural inclination towards art itself."

</doc>
<doc id="9832025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832025" title="Planet Pop (disambiguation)">
Planet Pop (disambiguation)

Planet Pop may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="9832033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832033" title="Woodchipping in Australia">
Woodchipping in Australia

Woodchipping is the act and industry of chipping wood for pulp. Timber is converted to woodchips and sold, primarily, for paper manufacture. In Australia, woodchips are produced by clearcutting or thinning of native forests or plantations. In other parts of the world, forestry practices such as short rotation coppice are the usual methods adopted.
Uses of wood chips includes the manufacture of particle board (or 'chip board') and other engineered woods, mulch and fuel.
Sources and process.
Historically, the primary sources of wood chips in Australia has been the extensive "Eucalyptus" hardwood forests found throughout temperate areas of the country. In more recent times, a significant proportion comes from managed hardwood and softwood plantations.
During the late 1960s and '70s the high demand for paper and the relatively low cost and availability of the native forests made the establishment of a woodchipping industry a viable proposition. Conversely, the establishment of a woodchipping industry made it economically feasible to clearfell areas of mixed or substandard forest that could not otherwise have been felled. Clearfelling is a controversial forest practice in Australia, and opponents argue that the woodchipping industry is culpable for its continuation.
Woodchips are converted into a fibre that can be made into various grades of paper or rayon for the textile industry. Most processing and value adding takes place outside of Australia.
The Australian economy benefits directly from a low cost and high volume export commodity.
Usage.
Wood chips, as a by-product of the timber industry, have been used in many ways for centuries, for example as a material for the production of wallpaper or as a disposable floor covering in butchers shop or drinking houses. Wood pulp is the primary market for the woodchipping industry in Australia.
The practice, known as woodchipping, was to make use of most of the woody material in a tree to produce wood chips. This was then converted into paper, hardwood pulp is mainly used for printing paper and softwood pulp is added for good quality. An energy intensive process, it also involved the use of bleaches and other toxic chemicals. This stage of the process, known as Kraft pulping, was primarily performed in Japan and elsewhere. High demand for paper products saw purpose built bulk carriers increase the export of woodchips from Australia to Japan.
The separation of the chipping stage and the pulping and paper mills required the supply of energy usually sourced from by-products of the process. Additional energy expenditure is found in the shipping of raw materials and export of the finished product.

</doc>
<doc id="9832041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832041" title="Muntassir Mamoon">
Muntassir Mamoon

Muntassir Mamoon (; b. 1951) is a Bangladeshi author, historian, scholar, translator and professor of University of Dhaka. 
Education.
He earned his M.A. and PhD degree from University of Dhaka. 
Literary works.
Mamoon mainly worked on the historical city of Dhaka. He wrote several books about this city, took part in movements to protect Dhaka. Among his historical works on 1971 is his "Sei Sob Pakistani", in which many interviews with leading Pakistanis was published. Most of them were the leading Pakistani characters during the liberation war of Bangladesh.
Witness at International Crimes Tribunal-1.
In 2012, Mamoon appeared as a prosecution witness at International Crimes Tribunal-1 which was engaged by the Awami League government to try the war criminals of 1971. In his witness's account, Mamoon said that members of the Peace Committee used to advise Pakistani military leaders about where and how to strike the freedom fighters of Bangladesh.
Activist.
Winning the lawsuit against General Safiullah on High Court's verdict to maintain the historic locations at Sarwardy Uddyan and all over Bangladesh.
Personal life.
Mamoon is the nephew of Muhiuddin Khan Alamgir.
Writing and translations.
In 1980s and 1990s, Mamoon wrote and translated some thrillers, horrors and science fiction stories.

</doc>
<doc id="9832048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832048" title="Brian Davison (drummer)">
Brian Davison (drummer)

Brian Davison (25 May 1942 – 15 April 2008), nicknamed "Blinky", was a British drummer, best known for his work in The Nice. He was born in Leicester and died in Horns Cross, Devon.
Biography.
In the late 1950s, Davison played drums in various skiffle groups in and around the youth clubs in north-west London, especially around Baker Street. He rose to prominence drumming in the 1960s in progressive rock group Shinn with keyboard player Don Shinn and bassist Paul Newton (later with Uriah Heep) and then The Nice with keyboardist Keith Emerson and bassist Lee Jackson.
After the breakup of The Nice, Davison formed a short-lived band called Every Which Way featuring ex-Skip Bifferty lead singer Graham Bell. The band broke up after one album. He was briefly in Jackson's Jackson Heights band, before joining Jackson and keyboardist Patrick Moraz in Refugee. He subsequently played in Gong before leaving the music business for a period.
Davison taught drumming to pupils at Bideford College.
The Nice reunited for concerts in the early 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="9832087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832087" title="Bloch space">
Bloch space

In the mathematical field of complex analysis, the Bloch space, named after André Bloch and denoted formula_1 or ℬ, is the space of holomorphic functions "f" defined on the open unit disc D in the complex plane, such that the function 
is bounded. formula_1 is a Banach space, with the norm defined by
This is referred to as the Bloch norm and the elements of the Bloch space are called Bloch functions.

</doc>
<doc id="9832114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832114" title="Princess Maria Clotilde of Savoy">
Princess Maria Clotilde of Savoy

Maria Clotilde of Savoy (Ludovica Teresa Maria Clotilde; 2 March 1843 – 25 June 1911) was born in Turin to Vittorio Emanuele II, later King of Italy and his first wife Adelaide of Austria. She was the wife of Napoléon Joseph Charles Paul Bonaparte.
Family.
Maria Clotilde was the eldest of eight children born to Victor Emmanuel, King of Savoy by his first wife and cousin Archduchess Adelaide of Austria. Her father would later become the King of a united Italy as Victor Emmanuel II of Italy.
Maria Clotilde's paternal grandparents were Charles Albert of Sardinia and Maria Theresa of Tuscany.
Her maternal grandparents were Archduke Rainer of Austria and Elisabeth of Savoy. Rainer was a younger son of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Marriage.
On 30 January 1859 she was married in Turin to Napoléon Joseph Charles Paul Bonaparte (1822–1891). They had three children:
Marriage.
Their marriage was unhappy, particularly as Maria Clotilde preferred the quieter, more duty-filled life that she felt they should maintain, while Napoléon Joseph preferred the faster, more entertainment-filled lifestyle of the French Court. Another factor in their unhappy marriage were the circumstances leading up to their espousal. Maria Clotilde had been only 15 when they were married, while he had been over 37 years old. In the events leading up to their marriage, she had been vehemently against it, and had unhappily agreed to it. The marriage had also been negotiated out of political reasons during the conference of Plombières (July 1858). As Maria Clotilde was too young at the time for marriage, Napoléon Joseph had had to wait until the following year; many had disapproved of the speed he undertook collecting his young bride in Turin. Their marriage was often compared to that of an elephant and a gazelle; the bridegroom had strong Napoleonic features (broad, bulky, and ponderous) while the bride appeared frail, short, fair-haired, and with the characteristic nose of the House of Savoy.
Her husband was unfaithful, and she was active within charities. Maria Clotilde was described as very proud, bigoted and dutiful. During a discussion of the proper way of dressing, Maria Clotide pointed out to Empress Eugenie that she should not forget that she was born and raised in a Royal Court. When Eugenie complained of the fatigue of the French Court on one occasion, Maria Clotilde replied "We do not mind; you see, we are born to it". She was also described however as "pious and modest".
The marriage was also unpopular with both the French and the Italians; the latter in particular felt that the daughter of their King had been sacrificed to an unpopular member of the House of Bonaparte and consequently regarded it as a "mésalliance". For France's part, Napoléon Joseph was ill-regarded and had been known to carry on a number of affairs both before and during his marriage. Their official reception into Paris on 4 February was greeted very coldly by Parisians, not out of disrespect for a daughter of the King of Savoy, but instead out of dislike for her new husband. Indeed, all her life, public sympathy tended to lean in her favor; she was fondly regarded as retiring, charitable, pious, and trapped in an unhappy marriage.
Fall of French Empire.
After the fall of the Second French Empire in 1870, Maria Clotilde had initially refused to leave Paris when the revolution broke out, because of her sense of what was suitable for a Princess from the House of Savoy, which was to stay on her post. They were forced to flee, however, and their family enjoyed a beautiful estate in the town of Prangins near Lake Geneva that they resided in.
Turin.
After Maria Clotilde's father Victor Emmanuel died in 1878, she returned to Turin, Italy without her husband. During this period, their daughter (Maria Letizia) mostly resided with her mother in the Castle of Moncalieri, but her two sons stayed mainly with their father. It was in Italy that their mother withdrew herself from society to dedicate herself to religion and various charities. 
After the revolution, she lived the rest of her life in Moncalieri (located outside of Turin), where she spent her days devoting herself to religion. She lived in retirement from the world for the following twenty years, until her death. Maria Clotilde died in Moncalieri at the age of 68. She was buried there, and the funeral was given regal honors. It was attended by Victor Emmanuel III of Italy, Queen Elena, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9832130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832130" title="Lee Jackson (bassist)">
Lee Jackson (bassist)

Lee Jackson (born 8 January 1943) is an English bass guitarist and singer-songwriter, known for his work in The Nice, an English progressive-rock band.
Early life and education.
He was born Keith Anthony Joseph Jackson in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Career.
Jackson rose to prominence in the 1960s in The Nice, with fellow Englishmen, keyboardist Keith Emerson and drummer Brian Davison. He subsequently formed the band Jackson Heights and then the band Refugee, the latter with Davison and Swiss keyboardist Patrick Moraz.
Jackson has a hoarse singing voice (which has frequently drawn criticism, notably from Emerson) and an almost percussive bass playing style.

</doc>
<doc id="9832145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832145" title="Duthain Dealbh">
Duthain Dealbh

Duthain Dealbh (meaning Fleeting Sculpture in the Irish language and pronounced "du-hawn dah-liv"), is a group of artists made up of the three Irish sculptors Daniel Doyle, Niall Magee and Alan Magee, all graduates of Fine Art Sculpture from the Dublin Institute of Technology. Duthain Dealbh was formed officially in 2001 to facilitate the production of large scale sculpture projects and Documentary & film making. They specialize in the ephemeral sculpture materials of Sand, Snow, Ice & Fire, attending sculpture festivals and symposia all over the world and also the production of art based documentaries and films.
The origins of their involvement in this area stemmed from in an invitation to participate in an international Sand Sculpture event which arrived at the university for Fergus Mulvaney, back in 1993. After this introduction more invitations came which allowed the three members of Duthain Dealbh, Magee, Doyle and Magee to be introduced to the various ephemeral media.
Over the last number of years Duthain Dealbh has also branched into Ice sculpting, participating successfully in many competitions and festivals around the world. Their first Film/Documentary Production, "Cool Carvings" was extremely well received and had its first airing on TG4 in 2003, and also received great praise when it was screened at the İzmir International Film Festival in Turkey in 2004.
Two members, Alan Magee and Daniel Doyle, have returned form an international Ice sculpture competition in Jelgava, Latvia where for the second year running they have been awarded First prize. In 2007 their sculpture entitled 'Why are we here?' was a poignant depiction of the humanity between two apposing soldiers in the midst of war.

</doc>
<doc id="9832148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832148" title="Silvester Petra Sancta">
Silvester Petra Sancta

Silvester Petra Sancta (1590, in Rome – 6 May 1647, in Rome) was an Italian Jesuit priest, and heraldist. His name is also spelt as Sylvester Petra Sancta, Petrasancta, in Italian Padre Silvestro da Pietrasanta. Pseudonym: Coelius Servilius
Biography.
He was the confessor of the Cardinal Pier Luigi Carafa (1581-1655) from a distinguished Neapolitan family. Between 1624 and 1634, Petra Sancta stayed with Carafa in Cologne where he fought against rising Protestantism through his sermons and religious discussions. He had emblem books published in 1634 and 1638, respectively. He was also Rector of the College of Loreto.
Later he settled in Rome and published his treatise on heraldry there. During the mid-1620s, he published a translation in Liège. and since 1631 he was also the editor of a book published from Antwerp. That means during the late 1620s and the early 1630s he stayed in the Spanish Low Countries and the neighboring territories. In 1634 he published his first book touching the topic of heraldry in Antwerp; but his main heraldic work containing the hatching system was published in 1638 in Rome. In 1643, he was appointed the Apostolic Visitator for the Order of Piarists. As a result of his critical visitation, Pope Innocent X reduced the order in his breve "Ea quae pro felice" on March 16, 1646 into a secular congregation subordinated to the local bishops. The order was rehabilitated in 1656 and renewed in 1669.
The dispute between Petra Sancta and de la Colombière.
Today Petra Sancta is known primarily as the inventor of the modern hatching method in heraldry published in 1638. However, his hatching system is identical with that of de la Colombière from 1639. For this reason, de la Colombière accused Silvester Petra Sancta of copying his method and incorrectly publishing it in his 1638 work, one year before the same hatching system was published by de la Colombière.
Petra Sancta provided preliminary comprehensive studies on his heraldic work in Germany and the Netherlands. It is likely that he was acquainted with the idea of hatching and the earlier existing hatching methods from the Dutch engravers before he developed his own hatching system. His 1638 book is sometimes dated between 1636 and 1638. His earlier work "De Symbolis Heroicis", Libri IX (Antverpiae, 1634) already had a hatching table and a description of hatching system, but without any practical use. For example, the gules in the Carafa coat of arms being variably screened by vertical and horizontal lines (modern sable), vertical lines (modern gules), or horizontal lines (modern azure). According to the data from the Plantin-Moretus archive, the book emblems were firstly prepared by artist-engravers in the service of the Jesuits. Between December 1631 and June 1634 these were redone by André Pauwels (Andries Pauli, 1600-1639) for Batlhasar Moretus (1574-1641). The allegorical title page of this book was prepared by Rubens where Mercury symbolizes the arts. The explanation on the mentioned engraving is given in page 480 of the book. Petra Sancta characterizes the title page of this book in the conclusion as an expression of the power of emblematic way of illustration. The book also contains the portrait of Carafa, engraved in 1632 by Michel Natalis (Liège, 1610–1668). On the escutcheon of this engraving we can see a kind of a screening or hatching as well.
Thus it’s obvious that Petra Sancta got the model for his heraldic hatching system from the illustrators and publishers of his books in the Low Countries. It is possible that these engravers also knew at least two earlier hatching systems by Zangrius in 1600, and Francquart in 1623. The techniques of heraldic hatching might have even been carried forward by the guilds of engravers one after another.
The arms on the title page of one of the Francesco Corbelletti’s 1639 publications, i. e. the Rome publisher of Petra Sancta, already represents a complete example of heraldic hatching. That means Corbelletti took over the heraldic hatching system already in the next year after the 1638 system of Petra Sancta appeared. If we consider the time needed to prepare the engravings and the approval by the censure, Corbelletti must know the hatching system of Petra Sancta even before 1638.
Aegidius Gelenius was deeply influenced by Petra Sancta; the men met several times in Cologne. Gelenius's hatching system from 1645, however, is identical only at two points with that of Petra Sancta.
Works.
Published by Francesco Corbelletti.

</doc>
<doc id="9832169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832169" title="Billy Waddy">
Billy Waddy

Billy Waddy (born February 19, 1954 in Wharton, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for seven seasons for the Los Angeles Rams and the Minnesota Vikings.
Waddy was a legitimate deep threat, who averaged 16.4 yards per catch over the course of his career. Relying on his speed and agility, Billy made big plays in one of the most significant games of his career—the Rams' shocking 21-19 upset of Dallas in the 1979 divisional playoffs, where he scored a game-winning 50-yard TD with less than two minutes to play. Several weeks later, in Super Bowl XIV against Pittsburgh, the threat of him getting open deep down the field was a constant concern to the Steelers' defensive coaches—and for good reason, as he caught three passes for 75 yards, including a 50-yard completion from QB, Vince Ferragamo. Late in the fourth quarter, with the Rams trailing 24-19, Waddy was wide open, streaking down the left side of the field on a play where the inexperienced Rams QB could not spot him, and threw an interception underneath in the middle of the field, essentially ending Los Angeles' chances in the 31-19 loss.

</doc>
<doc id="9832170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832170" title="Giovanni Battista Soria">
Giovanni Battista Soria

Giovanni Battista Soria (1581 – November 22, 1651) was an Italian architect who lived and worked mostly in Rome.
Tha façades of the church he designed were influenced by the style of Jacopo Barozzi da Vignola and Carlo Maderno.
Soria designed the fountain (c. 1630) at the entrance to the walled garden at the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, "Angelicum"

</doc>
<doc id="9832184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832184" title="Anomotodon">
Anomotodon

Anomotodon is an extinct genus of shark related to the extant goblin shark ("Mitsukurina owstoni"). The distribution of "Anomotodon" fossils is worldwide, in formations indicating that members of the genus lived from the Early Cretaceous epoch through the Eocene epoch, and perhaps through the Oligocene as well. Described species include "A. novus", "A. plicatus", "A. principalis", and "A. multidenticula".

</doc>
<doc id="9832201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832201" title="Winston Churchill (1620–1688)">
Winston Churchill (1620–1688)

Sir Winston Churchill FRS (18 April 1620 – 26 March 1688), known as the "Cavalier Colonel", was an English soldier, historian, and politician. He was the father of John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, as well as an ancestor of his 20th-century namesake, Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill.
Life.
Churchill was the son of John Churchill of Dorset, a lawyer, and his wife Sarah Winston, daughter of Sir Henry Winston. Winston Churchill was educated at St John's College, Oxford, but left university without taking a degree. Churchill was a fervent Royalist through his life and fought and was wounded in the Civil War as a Captain in the King's Horse and, after the Royalists were defeated, was forced to pay a recompense fee of £446 (equivalent to around £44,600 in the present). After the Restoration he sat as a Member of Parliament for Weymouth and Melcombe Regis from 1661 to 1679 and for Lyme Regis from 1685 to 1688. Churchill was also a Commissioner of the Irish Court of Claims and Explanations between 1662 and 1668 and a Junior Clerk Comptroller to the Board of Green Cloth from 1664 to 1679. He was knighted in 1664 and made a Fellow of the Royal Society the same year. He also published a history of the kings of England, entitled "Divi Britannica; being a remark upon the Lives of all the Kings of this Isle, from the year of the World 2855 until the year of Grace 1660".
Churchill died in March 1688, at age 67.
Family.
In 1643 Churchill married Elizabeth Drake, daughter of Sir John Drake (d. 25 August 1636) and wife Eleanor Boteler, daughter of John Boteler, 1st Baron Boteler of Brantfield and maternal niece of George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham. They had eleven children, seven sons and four daughters, of whom only six survived infancy; sons Jasper, and Mountjoy died in infancy, while son Winston died at the battle of Solebay in 1672 aged 20, and son Theobald died in 1685 at age 22. Four of their children gained distinction. The aforementioned John became a famous military commander and was created Duke of Marlborough; Charles (2 February 1656 – 1714) became a General in the Army under his elder brother and married Mary Gould (later married to the 2nd Earl of Abingdon); George became an Admiral in the Royal Navy and never married; Arabella became a mistress of King James II and mother of four of his children.

</doc>
<doc id="9832202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832202" title="Kara, Uttar Pradesh">
Kara, Uttar Pradesh

Kara is an old township situated near Sirathu, on the banks of Ganges, west of the city of Allahabad in Kaushambi district in Uttar Pradesh state in India. It was capital of a very big region for centuries under the Delhi Sultanate and Jaunpur Sultanate rule.
Name.
It has been sometimes spelt at Karrah, Kada and Kurrah but actually it is Kara(in Hindi कड़ा and Urdu کڑہ )and often called with its sister town across the river Ganges called Manikpur. Still it is called Kara-Manikpur. Kara falls in Kaushambi district while Manikpur has now become a part of Partapgarh District.
Overview.
Centuries ago it was the seat of the Governor of the "Sirkar of Kara" ("the Province of Kara"). Between the 7th century and the 16th century it retained its charm and importance as the capital, but in 1526, the Mughal emperor Akbar made Allahabad the capital and thus reduced Kara to a subdivision of the province. During British Rule, Allahabad gained so much importance that Kara went into oblivion and today it is a town of dilapidated "havelis", forts, and monuments unknown. Hundreds of thousands of graves are lying in an area with a diameter of 7–8 km (5 miles). This stunning fact which emboldens its claim that it had been certainly inhabited by many people during its history.
In the 11th century the warrior saint of Islam, Saiyid Salar Masud Ghazi, defeated the princes of Manikpur and Kara, but Muhammadan rule was not established till the defeat of Jai Chand by Muhammad Ghorl. Manikpur and Kara on the opposite bank of the Ganges were important seats of government in the early Muhammadan period. Ala-ud-din Khilji was governor here, before he gained the throne of Delhi by murdering his uncle on the sands of the river between these two places. In the 15th century the district came under the rule of the Sharqi kings of Jaunpur, and after its restoration to Delhi the Rajput chiefs and the Muhammadan governors were frequently in revolt. The Afghans long retained their hold on the District, and early in the reign of Akbar the governor of Manikpur rebelled.
Kara lost its importance when Allahabad became the capital of a Province, and from that time it was merely the chief town of a sarkar. The Rajputs again rose during the anarchy which marked the disruption of the empire after the death of Aurangzeb. They were, however, gradually reduced by the Nawabs of Oudh, and in 1759 Kara was removed from the Sufrah of Allahabad and added to
A lot of noble Muslim families had settled there. With the passage of time they left the town due to the lack of civic amenities and the carelessness of the government for the upkeep and development of the town.
It is the same place where Jalaluddin Feroz Khilji was murdered by his nephew Alauddin Khilji.
Shah Karak Abdal, a famous sufi saint lies buried here whose annual Urs is the largest Urs in the area of Allahabad.
Kara is a place of pilgrimage. It is the site of the holy temple of Kara Devi (Shitala Devi). Once the provincial capital of the Delhi Sultanate, its ruins extend . This place has been a religious pilgrimage since at least A.D. 1000. Kara was also an important township in the medieval kingdoms of northern India and even today one can see the remains of the fort of Jaichand of Kannauj, the last Hindu king of Kannauj.
Places of historical interest include; the Dargah of Khwaja Karak, the Kara Devi Temple, the Samadhi of Saint Maluk Das, a mound called fort of Jai Chand, Jama Masjid, Kshetrapal Bharav Temple, Kaleshwar Mahadev Temple, and Shivala Maharishi Ashramractions.
Scores of noble families descended in Kara at various period of time. For examples Saiyid Qutub al Din Al Madani, Syed Riyaz Ahmad Naqshbandi, Saayid Abul Khair Mashhadi, Sayyed Muhammad Isfahani and scores of families of Shuyukh & Sadaat originated from here.Amongst them was a family of Sayyid Muhammad Isfahani who came and settled at Kara in 1256. The direct descendant of Syed Mohammad Isfehani lives in Allahabd. They also have their ancestre's house in Kara. There is one more family of Syed Riyaz Ahmad Naqshbandi who were lineal descendant of Hussein ibn Ali. In his life span he has settled in Fatehpur District, Uttar Pradesh now his son Syed Amin Ahmad alias Qasim Miyan lives in Syedwara, Fatehpur Uttar Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="9832208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832208" title="Józef Mroszczak">
Józef Mroszczak

Józef Mroszczak (May 11, 1910 in Nowy Targ, Poland - September 19, 1975, in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish graphic designer and representative of the Polish School of Posters.
Education.
After graduating from high school in his hometown in 1928, he started his studies at Cracow’s School of Decorative Arts and Art Industry (1930–33), and then at the "Kunstgewerbeschule" and the "Graphische Lehr- und Versuchtanstalt" in Vienna’s Academy of Graphic Arts (1934–37).
Career.
When he completed his higher education he settled in Katowice, there he taught at the city’s Trade High School from 1936 to 1937. Mroszczak was one of the founders of Katowice’s Free School of Painting and Drawing, where he ran a graphic arts studio in the years 1937-39, at the same time conducting courses at the Institute of Commercial Education in Chorzów. From 1938, he lectured on the theory of advertising at the College of Administration and Social Studies in Katowice. During the German occupation he taught courses on drawing and lettering at the Trade High School in Zakopane and at the Nowy Targ School of Economics. Just after the end of World War II, Mroszczak organized much of the artistic life throughout Silesia, later on he co-founded and assumed the chairmanship of the regional office of the Polish Artists’ Association (ZPAP). From 1947 to 1953 he lectured at the Katowice School of Art, which was later transformed into the Second Faculty of Graphic Art at Cracow’s Academy of Fine Arts. In addition, his skills were employed in designing the Polish coal industry stands at various international fairs.
Mroszczak moved to Warsaw in 1952 and obtained the post of creative director at the publishing house Wydawnictwo Artystyczno-Graficzne (1952–56) and a lectureship at the city’s Academy of Fine Arts. He was Chair of Graphic Design from 1957 to 1960, and Dean of the School of Graphic Arts from 1968 to 1971. He became an Associate Professor in 1956 and a Full Professor in 1971.
Mroszczak also lectured at numerous foreign universities, such as the "Akademie für Bildende Kunst" in Berlin-Weissensee (1958) and Hochschule der Künste in West Berlin (1964). In 1963 he lectured at Vienna’s "Akademie für Angewandte Kunst", and in 1964 he was invited to give a series of lectures at the Folkwangeschule in Essen, a presentation at the Fachbereich Architektur Technische Universität Darmstadt, and he conducted a seminar at the Hochschule für Gestaltung in Ulm. In 1965 he lectured at the Linz Kunstschule, and in 1966 he participated in a conference for visual communication organized at the German Universität zu Köln. He was invited to conduct a course for graphic designers at the Centre for Creative Enterprise near Moscow in 1968. He lectured at the German "Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster" and at the Association of Russian Artists in Moscow, and lectured on teaching graphic design in Vienna and Linz in 1974.
Mroszczak co-founded the periodical "Projekt" (Design) and was its editor from 1956 till 1966. He was Vice Chairman of ZPAP’s Chief Artistic Committee, and was co-founder and Chairman of the Warsaw International Poster Biennial Organizational Committee from 1966 to his death in 1975. He was a member of the Committee for Packaging, the Council for Culture and Artistic Higher Education at the Art and Culture Ministry, and the Fine Arts Council. He served as Chairman of the Artistic Committee of the Wilanów Poster Museum, and was both Presidium Member of the Prime Minister’s Council on Industrial Aesthetics and Design, and Chairman of the Fine Arts Section of the State Awards Committee.
His interests included poster design, the art of exhibition, and functional graphic design. He designed pavilions at various international expositions and fairs, including Poznań, Paris, Milan, Barcelona, Leipzig, Stockholm, Helsinki, Izmir, Bari, Brussels, and Vienna. He was Chief Designer of the Polish Industry Exhibition in Moscow in 1959; and in 1961 he co-designed the Polish pavilion at the international work safety exposition “Italia ‘61” in Turin.
Mroszczak became a member of AGI in 1950 and served as Chairman of the organization’s Polish Section from 1966 to 1974. In 1968-70, he was Vice Chairman of ICOGRADA. He was also an honorary member of the Dutch Graphic Artists Association (GVN) and of the Academia Nazionale de Belli Arte in Parma.
Józef Mroszczak died on September 19, 1975, in Warsaw.
Prizes and awards.
PRL” (“Polish Artistic Endeavour after 15 years of the People’s Republic of Poland”), Warsaw

</doc>
<doc id="9832212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832212" title="Jacobs Well">
Jacobs Well

Jacobs Well, Jacob's Well or Jacobswell may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9832224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832224" title="Stephen Starring">
Stephen Starring

Stephen Starring (born July 30, 1961 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the New England Patriots, the Detroit Lions, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. 
In past years, he has been known to be a substitute teacher in Vinton, Louisiana.
In the 1990s he was running a valet parking business,a Valet Park International franchise, in Las Vegas.
Recently, Starring has been known to be a fireproofing scraper for H. Carr in Somerville, Massachusetts.
Now known drug dealer Vinton, Louisiana.
VINTON, LA (KPLC) - 
Three arrests have been made in an incident in Vinton this weekend that left one man shot and another injured.
According to Vinton Police Chief Rick Fox, three individuals have been arrested in the incident: Stephen Starring, Dillon Wade Worthy and Joseph Claude Batiste.
Fox said authorities were called to a home on Stevenson Street on Saturday in response to what was reported as a home invasion.
The man living there, Starring, reported to police that two men, Worthy and Batiste, allegedly pushed their way into his home. A fight reportedly ensued between the men.
Fox said authorities began investigating and about 45 minutes later, received another call about a man, Worthy, being shot.
Starring is alleged to have shot Worthy during the incident, however, did not tell police during his initial complaint.
Fox said Worthy and Batiste have been charged with home invasion, aggravated second-degree battery, criminal damage to property and attempted robbery. The three were arrested on Monday afternoon.
Starring has been charged with attempted second-degree murder.
Fox said the men were arguing over money.
Authorities said that Worthy was shot in the back. Starring also received injuries in the altercation. Both were transported to local hospitals, according to Fox.
The Vinton Police Department was assisted by the Louisiana State Police and the Calcasieu Parish Sheriff's Office in the case.

</doc>
<doc id="9832262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832262" title="Richard Sterne">
Richard Sterne

Richard Sterne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9832292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832292" title="Urszula Modrzyńska">
Urszula Modrzyńska

Urszula Modrzyńska (; 23 February 1928 – 11 December 2010) was a Polish stage and film actress.
Modrzyńska began her career on stage in 1949 in Wilam Horzyca Theater in Toruń. In the 1950s and 1960 she played several memorable parts in movies by Polish directors, namely by Andrzej Wajda (Dorota in "Pokolenie" - 1955)) and Aleksander Ford (Jagienka in "Krzyżacy" - 1960). 
In the 1970s she played only smaller parts in movies by young directors, as in "Droga w świetle księżyca" by Witold Orzechowski (1972), "Rozmowa" by Piotr Andrejew (1974), and "Zdjęcia Próbne" by Agnieszka Holland, Paweł Kędzierski and Jerzy Domaradzki (1976), concentrating on her theater work at Nowy Theater in Łódź. 
She retired in 1983 and died on December 11, 2010 in Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="9832310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832310" title="Samuell Benta">
Samuell Benta

Samuell Alexander Benta (born 29 August 1986 in London, England) is a British actor, writer, director, producer, rapper and author. His acting credits include portraying Will Aston, the Black Ranger in ' (and the second black black ranger since "Mighty Morphin. He has also appeared in advertisements for Coca-Cola and the hit BBC series Hotel Babylon and Silent Witness. He has appeared alongside Lara Goodison, Matt Kane and Connor Scarlett as Jay Kelso in Series 1 of the BBC teen soap opera "The Cut". At the end of Series 1 he left the programme, and although he returned for four episodes at the end of Series 2, he did not resume his role in the third series. In 2011 he was cast as Donnie Lester in "EastEnders" online spin-off " and BBC's "Doctors" in late 2011.
Benta produced, wrote, directed and starred in his own family sitcom entitled "All About The McKenzies" due to the lack of diversity of Black British representation on British TV and challenging negative stereotypes. The show started off as a Youtube web series in 2012 and has now been acquired by the Evening Standard's new TV channel for the Capital London Live for 2014.
Filmography.
Other activities.
Apart from acting, writing and directing, Benta is a believer in giving back, and due to the success of "All About the McKenzies", has created a website www.webseriesking.com targeting other actors, writers and directors encouraging them to do web series to take charge of their lives and get themselves out there to the public. The website will offer advice and helpful videos and presentations that will aid creatives in getting to grips with web series and building a business online. Benta wrote a free ebook entitled "How to create a successful web series that sells" which has had hundreds of downloads and is accessible to the public from the website. Benta states that the website will have regular blog posts everyday.

</doc>
<doc id="9832320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832320" title="Frederic Adrian Delano">
Frederic Adrian Delano

Frederic Adrian Delano II (1863 – 1953) was an American railroad president born in Hong Kong, China, of the Delano family. He was a son of Warren Delano, Jr., and Catherine Robbins Lyman, brother of Sara Ann Delano, and uncle of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. His philanthropic work through the Commercial Club of Chicago strongly impacted his nephew's Presidential policies. Delano was Chairman of the Committee on the Regional Plan for New York and Its Environs, which released the regional plan for New York on May 27, 1929. He was also a prime organizer of the "Regional Plan for New York and Its Environs," published in 1928. He was also a member of the Commercial Club of Chicago which affected the development of Chicago in the 19th and 20th centuries. Delano was the first vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve and the National Resources Planning Board.
History.
After graduating from Harvard University in 1885, Delano was employed by the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy Railroad in various capacities, rising from the position of civil engineer to be general manager at Chicago. For a time he was consulting engineer to the United States War Department in respect to the railroads of the Philippine Islands. In 1905 he became president of the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railroad, of the Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal Railway, and of the Wabash Railroad. Delano was appointed one of the receivers for the Wabash in 1911, and in 1913, he was elected president of the Monon Railroad (succeeding Fairfax Harrison). He was vice president of the American Unitarian Association in 1907. His addresses were published under the titles "Questions of the Hour" (1911) and "Are Our Railroads Fairly Treated?" (1913). He was also the chairman of the influential National Capital Park and Planning Commission and helped approve and oversee the building of the Pentagon.

</doc>
<doc id="9832329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832329" title="Max Runager">
Max Runager

Max Culp Runager (born March 24, 1956 in Greenwood, South Carolina) is a former professional American football punter in the National Football League for eleven seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Cleveland Browns. He played college football at the University of South Carolina. He punted for two Super Bowl teams, the Philadelphia Eagles in 1980 and the San Francisco 49ers in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9832347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832347" title="Flathead (song)">
Flathead (song)

"Flathead" is a digitally downloadable song by Scottish indie band The Fratellis from their debut album, "Costello Music", released on 4 March 2007; there was an EP released with the same name in the United States after it had been used in a commercial for Apple iPod.
On 11 March 2007, the song entered the Official UK Singles Chart at #67 on the strength of downloads alone, despite not being released as a single in the UK, after the song was used on an iPod/iTunes TV advert. It was also featured in the trailer for "Shaun the Sheep" on CBBC.
"Flathead" was also released as a download for the video game "Rock Band".
Video.
The video was directed by James Sutton and features the band playing with the three girls who appeared on the "Costello Music" album cover. In the video, three British glamour models who have appeared in various magazines play the three girls. Casey Batchelor plays the girl in the red dress, Natalie Oxley plays the girl in the dark blue dress, and Charlotte McKenna plays the girl in the white dress. Despite the "Costello Music" album cover's similarity with the video, there are also a few differences. The girl in the red dress does not place a vinyl record of the single "Henrietta" down, and the singles of "Chelsea Dagger" and "Whistle for the Choir" are not on the floor next to the girls, like on the cover. The bottle with the F on it is also not featured in the video. The video had huge success in the USA and launched James Sutton into the spotlight.

</doc>
<doc id="9832348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832348" title="Tinos Rusere">
Tinos Rusere

Tinos Rusere (May 10, 1945 – March 1, 2007) was a Zimbabwean miner and trade union activist. During the Second Chimurenga he recruited members of ZANLA and he was later elected as a Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front member to the Parliament of Zimbabwe. At the time of his death he was Deputy Minister for Mines and Environment.
Rusere was born in Nechaziva Village in the Zaka District in what was then Victoria province of Southern Rhodesia. He went to the Maraire and St James schools where he passed the 'Standard Six' exams in 1962. He was active in politics first in the Zimbabwe African Peoples Union, but joined the breakaway to the Zimbabwe African National Union in 1963.
He went to work as a learner miner in 1967, at the Arcturus mine in Goromonzi for six years, but then left to go to South Africa in 1974. While working in the South African mines he became active in trade unions and was elected as representative of the Rhodesian miners, nicknamed "Rhodesian Induna". In 1977 he became inDuna for all Southern African countries and, having sided with Robert Mugabe in joining the Patriotic Front, toured round the countries neighbouring Rhodesia to recruit people to fight in the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army.
When Zimbabwe achieved independence, Rusere returned and obtained a job with the City of Harare government. He was a superintendent in the Department of Works for seven years. In 1987 he became a mining engineer with the company of Comp Air, resigning in 1994 to start his own business, Charuma Blasting and Building Company.
Remaining in touch with politics, Rusere was elected in the Zimbabwean election of 2000 as Member of Parliament for Zaka East. He served in the government from 2005 first as Deputy Minister for Rural Resources and Water Development, and then as Deputy Minister for Mines and Environment. In 2006 he was accused of being the father of an illegitimate child by the previous MP for Zaka East, Petronella Chimbera, and offering her parents the ownership of a farm in order to keep the scandal quiet.
Rusere died on March 1, 2007 of kidney failure and appendix problems. He was survived by his wife and eight children.

</doc>
<doc id="9832375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832375" title="Maneli">
Maneli

Maneli is a Persian name that means mermaid.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mermaid
Mermaid
The poet Ali Esfandiāri, who later adopted the pen name Nima Yushij, titled one of his books ""Maneli"".
"Maneli" or "برایم بمان" in the Persian language also means "stay with me".
It also symbolizes love and devotion.
این داستان را من پیش از سال ۱۳۲۴ کم و بیش روبراه کرده بودم، درست دو سه سال پیش از ترجمه «اوراشیما»ی یکی ازدوستان من، این داستان را از هر حیث می پسندید، من میل داشتم داستان به نام او باشد.
اگر شیوه ی کار مخصوص من اسباب رو سفیدی من باشد یا نه، یا من اولین کسی به حساب دربیایم که به این شیوه در زبان فارسی دست انداخته ام فکر می کنم همه این کنجکاوی ها بیشتر به کار دیگران می خورد نه به کار من، من کار خود را کرده ام اگر خود را نمایانده باشم، همانطور که بوده ام و نسبت به زمان خود در یافته ام، قدراقل این فضیلت برای من باقی ست که صورت تصنع را از خود به دور انداخته ام.
امید وارم دیگران از کسانی که پیش از آنها زندگی کرده اند برومند تر باشند.مانعی برای میل به پیشرفت وچشیدن مرارت های آن در بین نیست.
من سودازده را جای درآب
ای زمینی پیوند
غم دیگر مپسند
دارد ازنازکیم، پوست به تن می خشکد
تن من می پوشید؟»
مرد الیجه ی کهنش از تن و او را دادش
بر لبت باشد هر چیز گوار
لیک از این خواهش مسکینان ترا
خسته ام خاطرودل سوخته ام
ژنده در ژنده که می بینی ازاین گونه از آنان باشد
کار ایشان نه به سامان باشد »
بر سر شانه ی عریان وی آمد که درآن
آفرین بر وی آورد بسی
آه! چه خوب ! چه برخوردی خوش
به ره دوست نجسته جز دوست
نازنین مردی هشیار که تو
تا من زنده به تن
کز تو باشم خرسند
تنگ چشم اند و به تنگی نگران
من پریشانم وشوریده ولیک
نیستم تا مزه ات بخشم از حرف که هست
وزمن این گونه به شفقت، سوی آب شیرین
مانده زاین حسرت با مژگانم
بتوانم من از این رنج رهید
می سپاری به من، ای مرد جوانمرد آیا
که به چنگ آورم آن سنگ دلان را سرکش؟»
گر چه بی آن مَدَد دست که بود
نامد از ملتمس او به دل او تبعی
دل برآن مهوش دریای بست
دست های وی ازهم بگشاد
واندرآغوشی افتاد.
هر دو را آنی دریا بلعید
همچنان کز همه زشت و زیبا
موجی افکند فقط دائره چند
دائره روشنی ماه برآب
رشته ها از زنجیر
مثل این کز برانگاره یی ازآتش از دور رهی
جانور هیکل چند 
ماه درابر نهان می آمد
روی دریای گران می آمد.
من سودایی بیدار که اَم؟
همچنانی که به شب های بهار
کس نکرده ست به قدرمن درکار درنگ
چقدر رنج من و لذت من بود نهان
« چه پریشان شده ام
این سخن ها ز کجا می آید
چه فسونی که به آب
که به چشم من هرچیز دگرگونه شد و بیگانه
کرده باشد نه نهان، دیوانه؟
روی این سنگ به سنگ
با گلشن خنده گشا ست.
و سراسر شب من خوابم بوده ست به دریای چنان
که به چشمم زهمه سو دریاست
در کجا راهم روزی پیدا ست
به کجا خواهم شد ره بردار
هر یکی زاین دو ز یکسو به عذاب
گرهمه بود زیان ورهمه سود

</doc>
<doc id="9832380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832380" title="Michael Kavanagh">
Michael Kavanagh

Michael Kavanagh (born 6 April 1979) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.
Kavanagh made his first appearance for the team during the 1998 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement prior to the start of the 2012 National League. During that time he won seven All-Ireland winners' medals, ten Leinster winners' medals, five National League winners' medals and four All-Star awards. An All-Ireland runner-up on four occasions, Kavanagh won an eighth All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute in his final season.
At club level Kavanagh is an All-Ireland medalist at intermediate level with St. Lachtain's. In addition to this he has also won a set of Leinster and county championship medals.
Biography.
Mick Kavanagh was born in Freshford, County Kilkenny in 1979. He was educated locally at St. Lachtain's national school and later attended St. Kieran's College in Kilkenny, a famous nursery for young hurling talent. Here his hurling skills were nurtured and developed and he won an All-Ireland colleges' winners' medal with the school. Kavanagh later studied at the Waterford Institute of Technology. Here he played on the college's senior hurling team, winning back-to-back Fitzgibbon Cup titles in 1999 and 2000.
Kavanagh currently works as a financial adviser with Royal Liver.
Playing career.
Club.
Kavanagh has enjoyed a lengthy career with the St. Lachtain's club, however, it has only been in recent years that he enjoyed one of his greatest successes with the club.
In 2009 he won a county intermediate championship winners' medal following a 0–16 to 1–11 defeat of Dicksboro. The club later went on to claim the Leinster title following a four-point defeat of Mount Leinster Rangers. The successful season continued into 2010 with Kavanagh winning an All-Ireland medal following St. Lachtain's 3–17 to 0–10 defeat of St. Gall's in the championship decider.
Inter-county.
Kavanagh first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Kilkenny minor hurling team in the mid-1990s. He won back-to-back Leinster titles at this level in 1996 and 1997, however, Kilkenny were beaten at the semi-final stage of the All-Ireland series in both years.
Kavanagh was later drafted into the Kilkenny under-21 team. Here he won successive Leinster titles again in 1998 and 1999. He also won a coveted All-Ireland medal in this grade in 1999 following a defeat of Galway.
By this stage Kavanagh had already made his senior debut for Kilkenny. He won his first Leinster medal in 1998 after a defeat of Offaly in the provincial final. The two sides later met again in the All-Ireland final, however, a rejuvenated Offaly came back and defeated Kavanagh’s side in the championship decider.
Kilkenny gained their revenge on Offaly in the 1999 provincial final. A huge 5–14 to 1–16 victory over their near rivals gave Kilkenny the win and gave Kavanagh a second Leinster winners' medal. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Cork provide the opposition. 'The Cats' were the red-hot favourites going into the game, however, poor weather meant that the game would not live up to expectations. Both Cork and Kilkenny recorded seventeen wides apiece throughout the match. Kilkenny led by four points entering the last quarter, however, Cork fought back to secure a narrow 0–13 to 0–12 victory over Kavanagh's side.
In 2000 Kavanagh won a third consecutive Leinster medal following another comfortable 2–21 to 1–13 victory over Offaly. As a result of the so-called 'back-door' system in the championship both sides later faced off against each other again in the All-Ireland final. D.J. Carey capitalised on an Offaly mistake after just six minutes to start a goal-fest for 'the Cats'. Carey scored 2–4 in all, sharing his second goal with Henry Shefflin who also scored a goal in the second-half. At the full-time whistle Kilkenny were the champions by 5–15 to 1–14 and Kavanagh collected his first All-Ireland winners' medal.
Kilkenny's provincial dominance continued in 2001 and a powerful performance against Wexford gave Kavanagh a fourth Leinster medal. After such a huge win ‘the Cats’ were hot favourites to retain their All-Ireland title, however, they were outsmarted by Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final.
‘The Cats’ bounced back in 2002 with Kavanagh claiming a first National Hurling League medal. He subsequently claimed a fifth Leinster medal before later lining out in another All-Ireland final. Clare, who were defeated in the first-round of the Munster championship but had made it to the final via the newly introduced qualifier system, put up a good fight in that game. A combined tally of 2–13 for both Henry Shefflin and D. J. Carey gave Kilkenny a seven-point victory and secured a second All-Ireland winners' medal for Kavanagh. He was later honoured with his first All-Star award.
Kilkenny's dominance of all hurling competitions continued in 2003. For the second consecutive year Kavanagh won a National League medal following a narrow 5–14 to 5–13 victory over Tipperary. The Leinster hurling counties provided little opposition in the subsequent championship campaign and Kilkenny marched to yet another Leinster title. The 2–23 to 2–12 defeat of Wexford gave Kavanagh a record sixth successive Leinster winners' medal. Subsequent success over Tipperary gave Kilkenny a save passage into an All-Ireland final showdown with Cork. Kavanagh's side were the overwhelming favourites going into the game, however, they never led by more than four points at any stage of the game. Setanta Ó hAilpín scored the equalising goal for Cork after the restart, however, Martin Comerford's goal five minutes before the end clinched a 1–14 to 1–11 victory for Kilkenny. It was Kavanagh's third All-Ireland winners' medal in the senior grade. He was subsequently presented with a second All-Star award.
In 2004 Kilkenny were aiming for an elusive third All-Ireland victory in-a-row. For the first time in seven years, however, Kilkenny failed in their bid to become Leinster champions as a last-gasp Wexford goal ended an almost unprecedented run of success at the semi-final stage. Kilkenny took the scenic route via the qualifiers system, however, after a scare against Clare they still reached the All-Ireland final. For the second year in-a-row Cork provided the opposition on a gloomy and overcast day. The sides were level for much of the game, however, in the final twenty minutes Cork scored nine points without reply and secured the victory.
Kilkenny were back in form in 2005, with Kavanagh winning a third National League medal following a huge 3-20 to 0-15 victory over Clare. Kilkenny later defeated Wexford by 0–22 to 1–16 in the provincial decider, giving Kavanagh a seventh Leinster winners' medal. While a third successive All-Ireland showdown with Cork seemed likely, Galway defeated Kilkenny in the All-Ireland semi-final in one of the game's of the decade.
In 2006 Kavanagh captured a fourth National League title following a 3–11 to 0–14 victory over Limerick. After missing the Leinster final triumph, Kavanagh was back on the starting fifteen for the All-Ireland final. The game that everyone had predicted would happen in 2005 was now taking place as Cork squared up to Kilkenny for the third time in four years. The Leesiders were aiming for a third All-Ireland victory in-a-row; however, revenge was foremost in the minds of Kilkenny as it was Cork who denied their three-in-a-row bid in 2004. On the day Kilkenny were far too strong for Cork as 'the Cats' secured a 1–16 to 1–13 victory. It was Kavanagh's fourth All-Ireland winners' medal.
After losing the league final at the start of 2007, Kilkenny regrouped and Kavanagh collected an eighth Leinster medal following another facile victory in the provincial decider. Kilkenny later qualified for the All-Ireland final where, surprisingly, Limerick provided the opposition. Kilkenny got off to a flying start with Eddie Brennan and Henry Shefflin scoring two goals within the first ten minutes. Kilkenny went on to win the game by 2–19 to 1–15. It was Kavanagh’s fifth All-Ireland medal. He later added a third All-Star award to his collection.
2008 saw Kilkenny launch an all-out attack in an attempt to capture a third All-Ireland title in-a-row. He collected a ninth Leinster winners' medal after a 5–21 to 0–17 defeat of Wexford in the provincial final, before later lining out in the All-Ireland decider. Waterford provided the opposition, however, Kilkenny recorded an enormous 3–30 to 1–13 victory. It was a sixth All-Ireland winners' medal for Kavanagh. A fourth and final All-Star award quickly followed.
Kavanagh won his fifth National League winners' medal in 2009 following a thrilling 4-17 to 2-26 defeat of Tipperary. A tenth Leinster medal quickly followed before Kilkenny set out to make history by becoming only the second team in hurling history to win four successive All-Ireland finals. Tipperary were the opponents and, for much of the match, it looked as if they would pull off a shock and deny 'the Cats' the title. Two quick goals in the space of a minute, one from a penalty by Henry Shefflin, sealed a 2–22 to 0–23 victory. It was Kavanagh's seventh All-Ireland medal, his last won on the field of play.
In 2010 Kavanagh was dropped from the Kilkenny starting fifteen, however, he remained on the extended panel. In spite of Kilkenny facing a number of injury worries going into an historic All-Ireland final, and ultimately failed in their 'drive for five' as Tipperary won by 4–17 to 1-18. Following this defeat it was incorrectly reported that Kavanagh had retired from inter-county hurling.
Kavanagh remained on the Kilkenny panel for the 2011 championship. That year Kilkenny qualified for a record sixth consecutive All-Ireland final. For the third year in succession the team faced Tipperary, however, on this occasion Kilkenny were slight underdogs going up against the new champions. Kilkenny started quickly and never surrendered the lead in the 2–17 to 1–16 victory. Kavanagh played no part in the game, however, he collected his eight All-Ireland winners' medal as a non-playing substitute.
Inter-provincial.
Kavanagh has also won three Railway Cup medals with Leinster.

</doc>
<doc id="9832419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832419" title="MS Princess of Tasmania">
MS Princess of Tasmania

M/S "Princess of Tasmania" was an Australian-built roll-on/roll-off RO/RO passenger ship. She was built by the NSW State Dockyard in Newcastle, New South Wales (identified by the shipyard as No. 61) for the Australian National Line. The vessel was laid down on 15 November 1957, and launched on 15 December 1958. As built, the ship had a tonnage value of , was long, had a beam of , and a draught of . Two 9-cylinder Nohab Polar M69TS diesels supplied to the propellers, allowing a maximum speed of . Up to 334 passengers and 142 vehicles could be carried. "Princess of Tasmania" was given the . The ship was the first RO/RO passenger ship in the southern hemisphere, and at the time of launch, the largest vessel built in Australia.
"Princess of Tasmania" sailed on her maiden voyage on 23 September 1959. On entering service, she was used to service the Devonport – Melbourne route. The ship continued operating until 1972, when she was sold to Bahamarine Ltd, then to the Canadian Ministry Of Transport later that year. In 1975, she was renamed "Marine Cruiser". Two years later, the ship was sold to Rideau Shipping Co. Ltd., which operated her until 1984. Over the course of 1984, the ship was renamed twice ("Majorca Rose", then "Equator") and changed hands three times (to Dolphin International Shipping, then Equator Shipping Co. Ltd., then Comeret). In 1985, the ship came into the ownership of Adriatic Ferries, and was renamed "Adriatic Star". Three years later she was sold to Traghetti delle Isole and renamed "Lampedusa". Traghetti continued to operate her until 1991, when she was acquired by Fayez Trading & Shipping under the name "Shahd Fayez". A year later, the ship was sold to Al Mahar Marine Co. and renamed "Al Mahrousa". Al Maher owned the ship until 2000, when she was sold to Nouran Navigation and named "Tebah 2000" 
The ship was scrapped at Alang, India in March 2005, after 46 years of service and 10 names.

</doc>
<doc id="9832420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832420" title="Heidelberg-Bergheim">
Heidelberg-Bergheim

Bergheim is a city district of Heidelberg. It is bounded on the North by the Neckar River, the East by the Bismarkplatz, on the South by the Kurfürsten Anlage and the South by the city line. It is a mostly urban residential area, however the Bergheim Campus of the University of Heidelberg has numerous buildings in the district. Since March 2009 the Heidelberg University Faculty of Economics and Social Sciences has occupied the former Ludolf Krehl clinic (after Ludolf von Krehl). Bergheim also has a number of parks, both along the river and near the Stadtbücherei.

</doc>
<doc id="9832453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832453" title="Online authorisation">
Online authorisation

Online Authorization (or OLA) is a system used to verify a transaction on a payment card (e.g. credit card). The term 'on-line' refers to the real-time nature of the verification. In other words, if the account is overdrawn, in most cases, the transaction will be refused.
OLA is already commonplace for credit card networks such as VISA or Mastercard and is now being implemented in others (such as fuel cards).
During on-line аuthorisation:
(The recrypt PIN block process is not included in list.) 
The set of verifications performed by an issuer bank depends on the card type, payment system requests and features of the issuer bank's processing system.

</doc>
<doc id="9832457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832457" title="Thorntoun house and estate">
Thorntoun house and estate

Thorntoun School was opened by Barnardo's in September 1971 for children with emotional difficulties aged 11 to 16 years. The school closed in 1990 and Thorntoun is now a Nursing Home. The complex lies between the villages of Springside (North Ayrshire) and Crosshouse, Kilmarnock in East Ayrshire, Scotland. The old Thorntoun mansion house was demolished in the late 1940s, leaving the West Lodge, some of the home farm outbuildings, the stables and the walled garden as 'memorials' to the ancient history of the site. Many fine trees remain from the estate policies and the surviving gardens are very well maintained (2007). An entrance with a slight deviation from the old course has been created to serve the large modern buildings which house the nursing home.
The History of Thorntoun house and estate.
In 1823 the historian Robertson describes ""Thornton" as being "situated about half way betwixt Irvine and Kilmarnock: the manor or place (palace) is an elegant modern mansion, set down on the brow of a considerable height, overlooking, from amid its fine old timber and more recent plantings, a great expanse of rich country.""
In 1866 James Paterson, another historian, brought up locally, gives 'Thorntoun' as ""This property, situated to the west of Busbie (Knockentiber), is about in extent. It belonged, of old, according to Wood, to one of the branches of the Montgomerie family.""
The Montgomerie, Mure and Ross families.
Thorntoun was at first part of the Barony of Kilmaurs and then later it was placed within the Barony of Robertoun, Parish of Kilmaurs. The estate is first recorded as belonging to Murthhaw or Murchaw de Montgomery, who is mentioned in the Ragman's Roll (a list of those loyal to Edward I of England) of 1296. A Johne of Montgomery of Thornetoun is mentioned in a legal document of 1482, forfeiting the estate to Lord Home by order of King James V. By the beginning of the seventeenth century Thorntoun had passed into the ownership of another ancient and renowned Ayrshire family, the Mures (or Muirs), a branch of the Mures of Rowallan Castle near Kilmaurs. James Mure, Burgess of Glasgow, had married Margaret, a daughter of Robert Ross of Thorntoun on June 27, 1607 and inherited the property through his spouse. Nothing is known of how and when the Ross's, another ancient Ayrshire family, had come to possess Thorntoun. Hew (Hugh) was one son, a merchant in Edinburgh, his will is dated 4 Nov 1679 and another son, James succeeded to the property of Thorntoun, and married a Janet Naper, who died in 1626. Robert Muir, son of James & Janet, is mentioned in a document of 1634.
The Cuninghame Family.
Archibald Muir of Thorntoun was knighted by King William III in 1698 and his only daughter, Margaret, married John Cuninghame of Caddel, in the Parish of Ardrossan, in 1699. They inherited Thorntoun and Caddel and had two sons and three daughters. Archibald succeeded his father and John became a successful merchant in Lisbon (Portugal), eventually retiring to live at Carmelbank (previously called Mote), adjacent to Thorntoun. Their father was married a second time to a daughter of Mr. Stevenson of Montgreenan, by whom they had another sixteen children. This John Cuninghame died in 1753.
Archibald Cuninghame, who was a captain in Boscawen's 29th. Regiment of Foot, married Christiana, eldest daughter of Andrew Macredie of Perceton in 1754. They had three sons, John, Andrew and Archibald and five daughters. Their eldest son was Lieut-Col. John Cuninghame, born in 1756 and died in 1836. He entered the army in 1775 and served in America (now the USA) and the West Indies. He was severely wounded whilst fighting the French in the Caribbean island of St. Kitts. John recovered to serve on board the 74 gun, HMS Montague, at the great Caribbean naval victory of the Battle of the Saintes against the French who were commanded by Admiral Count François Joseph Paul de Grasse. He left the army as a lieutenant-colonel in 1802. John's spouse was Sarah Peebles, only daughter of Major John Peebles in Irvine, late of the 42nd regiment, She was born in 1783 and died in 1854. They had nine children, Andrew, John, Archibald, Anna, Christiana, Helen, Margaret, Catherine and Sarah. Many of the family died in childhood or when relatively young. Catherine married Clarence Esme Stuart of Oldenham Abbey, Hertfordshire. Christiana first inherited, followed by Sarah. The colonels' rental value of the property in 1799 was £300 (Scots) per annum, compared with that of the Earl of Eglinton, who had an income of £1,120 (Scots) from his estates. The Lieut-Col and his family are commemorated and / or buried at the family burial plot in the cemetery of Kilmaurs-Glencairn kirk.
The Wrey Family.
Sarah Cuninghame's spouse was George Bourchier Wrey from North Devon. They had a son, George Edward Bourchier Wrey who had succeeded to the property by 1912. He appears to have inherited Carmelbank from his great-uncle, John Cuninghame by this date. The combined rental income of Thorntoun and Carmelbank was £2,640 12s 0d., the second highest in the parish, only exceeded by Robert Morris Pollock-Morris of Craig house. This is a reversal for both of the situation in 1799 and may reflect earnings from the establishment of collieries, etc. rather than the straightforward 'traditional' income from farms and the like.
Coat of arms.
The Coat of Arms are a 'shake fork' with a 'cinq foil', for Glengarnock: a cross 'maline', within a Bordure invectee, for Caddel: three stars within a border invectee for Muir of Thorntoun and a crest of a Unicorn's head erect. The motto is 'Over fork over' and as such is unchaged from that of the senior branch, the Cunninghames of Kilmaurs, Earls of Glencairn.
The Barony of Robertoun.
This barony, once part of the Barony of Kilmaurs, ran from Kilmaurs south to the river Irvine. It had no manor house and belonged to the Eglinton family latterly. The following properties were part of the barony: parts of Kilmaurs, Craig, Gatehead, Woodhills, Greenhill, Altonhill, Plann, Hayside, Thorntoun, Rash-hill Park, Milton, Windyedge, Fardelhill, Muirfields, Corsehouse and Knockentiber.
The Darien Affair.
The Darien Company was an attempt by the Scots to set up a trading colony in America in the late 1690s, however the opposition from England and elsewhere was so great that the attempt failed with huge losses and great financial implications for the country and for individuals. Half of the whole circulating capital of Scotland was subscribed and mostly lost. In Cunninghame some examples of losses are Sir Archibald Mure of Thorntoun (Â£1000), Major James Cunninghame of Aiket (Â£200), Sir William Cunninghame of Cunninghamhead (Â£1000), William Watson of Tour (Â£150) and James Thomson of Hill in Kilmaurs (Â£100). In modern terms a thousand pounds loss in the 17th century must have been a devastating blow to the family finances.
The Journals of Major John Peebles.
Located in the Cuninghame of Thorntoun Papers in the National Archives of Scotland is the American Revolution journal of Captain John Peebles (1739–1823), a grenadier officer of the 42nd (Royal Highland Regiment or Black Watch). The journal provides an enlightening insight into the life and activities of the British army during the rebellion. John Peebles was John Cuninghame's father-in-law.
In 1780 Captain John Peebles noted in his journal the ""General Rules for Manouvring the Battn. by the Commanding Officer""; appended to these directions are a series of signals for giving orders to the troops -
Signals by Drum.
The following extracts illustrate the battlefield manoeuvres which drum 'signals' could signal -
Preparative, to begin firing by Companies, which is to go on as fast as each is loaded till the first part of the General when not a shot more is ever to be fired.
Grenadrs. March. to advance in Line.
Point of War. to Charge.
To Arms. to form the Battn. (whether advancing or Retreating in Column) upon the leading division.
Double flam. to halt Upon the word forward, in forming, the Divisions to run up in Order.15
The New Jersey Brigade and the Monmouth Campaign.
Here are a few extracts from John's American War of Independence journal -
Monday 22d. June rain in the night The Army... moved on to the Black Horse a small Village about 7 or 8 miles from Mount holly & Encampd in two lines facing NW—Genl. Kniphausens Division on the left—the Queens Rangers on our Right... Maxwells Corps of Rebels left the Black horse this Morng.
Sunday 28 June a fight... (This was the Battle of Monmouth!).
Monday 29th. June … Genl. Knyphausens Division moved on to Middletown, with the Provision & baggage Train - & wounded.
Evidence from Ordnance Survey (OS) and other maps.
Timothy Pont's map of 1604 as published by Johan Blaeu in 1654 clearly marks Thorntoun so do Ainslie's map of 1821, Armstrong's map of 1775 and Herman Moll's map of "The Shire of Renfrew with Cuningham" in 1745. General Roy's Military Survey map of Scotland (1745–55) shows the site named as simply 'Thorn'.
Thomson's map of 1828 gives some detail, showing two entrances and driveways, with substantial woodlands and an enclosed park on the Springside boundary, as used for deer or cattle. He also marks the name 'Mains', indicating the home farm, apparently situated to the right of the house on the 'east' driveway on the Crosshouse side. This was later rebuilt above the 'West' Lodge (1898 OS), however buildings remain in the 'old' site up until the time of the 1921-28 OS map. This map also indicates a building roughly in the centre of the walled garden. The walls show no signs of typical conservatory-style greenhouses built against them, so this may be a large 'greenhouse'. The stone is red sandstone with freestone corners and coping stones. The materials were landed at Troon harbour and brought here by cart. A 'trig point' is carved on the corner of the walled garden nearest the old quarry. A well is shown near the walled garden in the vicinity of the modern housing. An old freestone quarry is shown on the 1860 map, close to the trig point on the walled garden. Buildings are indicated on the 1912 OS map as lying fairy close to the northern wall of the walled gardens. Only vague foundations and scattered stones now exist at the site in 2007.
The 1912 map appears to show an enclosed area, partially wooded, in the nearby field, of a similar size and shape to the walled garden. This may be a fox covert or cover for pheasants. No sign of this feature is now extant (2007).
A small cottage used to stand near the entrance to the new driveway into the nursing home. The 1912 map shows a track running into the estate at this point and this building may have served as a lodge house. The name 'West Lodge' itself suggests that a second lodge existed at one time and the 1911 OS clearly marks this lodge situated at what is now the realigned entrance to the main driveway.
A number of local names appear to have been lost, such as Thornhill (1604), Greenside, Hayside, and Laurieslaw from 1828 and Montgomery Holme (1745–1828). A Laurieland Row, Crawfurdhill and Thorntoun Row were present in 1860. A Thornyhill cottage is however present (2007) near Busbiehill.
The Royal Mail re-organised its postal districts in the 1930s and at that point many hamlets and localities ceased to exist officially, such as Sprighill, Corsehill, Bankhead and Kirklands. The present Springside was called Bankhead up until at least the 1921 - 1928 OS, the hamlet of Springside being originally clustered around the railway station.
A number of Lime kilns are marked on 1860 OS, the nearest being at Holme and West Gatehead farms.
The Turnpike and Milestones.
In 1776 Thorntoun is marked on the toll road to Irvine and the two milestones are shown.
A horse trough was present on the left of the main road facing Springside, in between the West Lodge and the lane up to Thorntoun Mains; the trough has long vanished, but its niche in the bank with its side walls is still there. This was a turnpike or Toll road, with the nearest Toll house located at Crosshouse. The 1860 OS map show two milestones were near Thorntoun, one close to the junction of the lane down to Hallbarns and Cauldhame farms and the other on the left facing Crosshouse, before the Holm Burn bridge, indicating to Irvine and three to Kilmarnock. Most milestones were buried during the Second World War so as not to provide assistance to invading troops, German spies, etc. This happened all over Scotland, however Fife at least was more fortunate than Ayrshire, for the stones were taken into storage and put back in place after the war had finished.
The name 'Turnpike' originated from the original 'gate' used being just a simple wooden bar attached at one end to a hinge on the supporting post. The hinge allowed it to 'open' or 'turn' This bar looked like the 'pike' used as a weapon in the army at that time and therefore we get 'turnpike'. The term was also used by the military for barriers set up on roads specifically to prevent the passage of horses. In addition to providing better surfaces and more direct routes, the turnpikes settled the confusion of the different lengths given to miles, which varied from 4,854 to nearly . Long miles, short miles, Scotch or Scot's miles (5,928 ft), Irish miles (6,720 ft), etc. all existed. seems to have been an average! Another important point is that when these new toll roads were constructed the Turnpike Trusts went to a great deal of trouble to improve the route of the new road and these changes could be quite considerable as the old roads tended to go from farm to farm, hardly the shortest route. The tolls on roads were abolished in 1878 to be replaced by a road 'assessment', which was taken over by the County Council in 1889.
Natural history.
The woodland policies contain a mixture of mature oak, Norway maple, beech, copper beech, willow, horse chestnut, aspen, rhododendron, Scots pine, alder, ash, elm, monkey puzzle, willow, sycamore, holy, elder, yew, lime, hawthorn, blackthorn and other species. The woodland floor has drifts of snowdrops, bluebells and some primroses, together with ground ivy, bird's-foot trefoil, coltsfoot, three-veined sandwort, vetch, ladys mantle, red campion, bistort, foxgloves, tuberous comfrey, ivy, yellow saxifrage, pendulous sedge, brambles, etc. An area of the woodland is a genuine 'bluebell wood.' The large leaved Persian Ivy (Hedera colchica) grows at the walled garden, a relict of the exotic plantings of yesteryear, as is the very unusual stand of Butcher's Broom. The ground flora of the Thorntoun policies is typical of the semi-natural diversity of many deciduous woodlands in Ayrshire, particularly of those associated with current or previous country estates. The bird fauna is quite diverse, including pigeons, rooks, starlings, blackbirds, kestrels, etc. Hedgehogs are present (2007).
The Collieries and Coal Pits.
The 1860, 1898–1904 and, 1911 and 1912 OS maps all show that the extent to which the Thorntoun House was surrounded by collieries, coal pits and freight only railway or 'tram' lines. Collieries were located near Cauldhame farm (Cauldhame and Springhill (Pit No.4), one at Crosshouse, one at Holme farm and at Bankhead (one called West Thorntoun), Springhill (Pit No.1) and Springhill (Pit No.2) at Sprighill,and another between Busbiehill and Warwickhill. These were all served by standard gauge mineral railway lines, criss-crossing the countryside; they all now lifted, with only a few embankments left to indicate their original course. The Thorntoun colliery beside Holme farm had a miner's row and a railway which ran over several wooden bridges down to join the surviving railway through Gatehead at Holm ley, close to the Laigh Milton viaduct. In 1860 numerous old and current coal pits dotted the area. The bing of Springhill (Pit No.3) still lies close to Springside in the field that may have been the Thorntoun deer park.
Miscellaneous and Trivia.
Strawhorn
The road running down to Springside is known as the 'Thorntoun Brae' and on the left, just before Thorntoun bridge over the Garrier Burn was the local curling pond, clearly marked on the 1911 OS map
A mill-wand was the rounded piece of wood acting as an axle with which several people would role a millstone form the quarry to the mill and to permit this the width of some early roads was set at a 'mill-wand breadth'. The nearest mills to Thorntoun were those at Busbie beside Crosshouse and Laigh Milton mill, where the building, weir and part of the wheel still exist (2007).
Margaret Muir, was the spouse of Frederick Cunninghame, a merchant in Kilmarnock. She died on 17 March 1685 and could therefore have been a daughter of James Mure and Janet Naper.
One of the bells in St Giles Cathedral in Edinburgh is inscribed "Archibald Mure, Thorntoun, Lord Provost"
In 1902 a Mrs. Margaret Sturrock, née Finnie was living at Thorntoun House.
A Trig point at the walled garden marks a height of elevation above sea level.
Letters survive in the National Archives of Scotland concerning the imprisonment of Margaret Cuninghame at Lucca in Tuscany, Italy for evangelical teaching, 1853-1854.
The Cuninghames of Thorntoun & Caddel held title to lands in Ayr and tenements in Glasgow, 1573–1836,
including, tacks of lands in Stirling.
The estate factors' accounts of Caddell and Thorntoun, survive for the period 1700-1947. Thorntoun house may have been demolished in 1947.
Sir Philip Bourchier Sherard Wrey stood for election to the Southern Rhodesia legislative council in 1920.
Mr Cunningham attended the famous 1839 Eglinton Tournament in what is now Eglinton Country Park and he was alloted a seat in the Grand Stand.

</doc>
<doc id="9832466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832466" title="2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships">
2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships

The 2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships took place on March 24, 2007. The races were held at the Mombasa Golf Course in Mombasa, Kenya. Four races took place, one for men, women, junior men and junior women respectively. All races encompassed both individual and team competition. The short race for men and women that was run between 1998 and 2006 was scrapped and the World Cross Country Championships went back to one-day format. Reports of the event were given in the Herald, and for the IAAF.
Preparations.
When Athletics Kenya (AK, the national governing body of Athletics) applied for the event, it used the slogan "Cross Country Comes Home", referring to Kenyan and East African traditional dominance at the event. Nevertheless, no formidable Kenyan runners are known to come from Kenyan Coast Province. Instead, successful Kenyan runners typically represent Kalenjin tribes who reside in western Kenya, approximately 700-800 kilometres from Mombasa. AK chose Mombasa as a venue due to better infrastructure (such as hotels) compared to other cities. The 2007 World Cross Country Championships is one of the biggest international athletics event held in Kenya since the 1987 All-Africa Games, held 20 years ago in Nairobi. Another event held in Kenya was the 2003 Cricket World Cup.
Other applicants for the event were Miami in the United States and Madrid in Spain, both withdrew their candidature before final vote. The World Cross Country Championships have been held in Africa three times before. In 1975 and 1998 it was held in Morocco, the 1996 event took place in South Africa.
There was also an IAAF Council meeting held in Mombasa, at which the host cities for 2011 and 2013 IAAF World Championships in Athletics were selected.
Track and conditions.
Mombasa, the host, is the second largest city in Kenya, a major port town and tourist center. The event was held at Mombasa Golf Club, located in Mombasa Island, just east of the Kilindini Harbour. The track was curvy but relatively flat. The underlying ground was mostly grass.
The weather was sunny, hot and humid, typical of Mombasa, resulting in exhausting conditions. This kind of weather may affect competitors who hail from distant latitudes, but also Kenyan and Ethiopian runners, who often come from cooler highland areas. One victim was Pauline Korikwiang, Kenyan runner who was attempting to defend her junior women's title but fainted one kilometer before the finishing line.
Race results.
Senior men's race (12 km).
Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia, who has won five consecutive long and short course races, promised to quit cross country running after the 2006 World Championships. However, he changed his mind and competed in Mombasa after all. A pre-race favourite, Bekele did not finish the race and thus failed to win historical sixth consecutive title.
Zersenay Tadese won the event and became the first cross-country world champion for Eritrea. Tadese is also the 2006 IAAF World Road Running Championships men's gold medalist.
Complete results for senior men and for senior men's teams were published.
Junior men's race (8 km).
Complete results for junior men and for junior men's teams were published.
Senior women's race (8 km).
Complete results for senior women and for senior women's teams were published.
Junior women's race (6 km).
Complete results for junior women and for junior women's teams were published.
Participation.
According to an unofficial count, 470 athletes from 63 countries participated. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published. The
announced athletes from the and did not show.

</doc>
<doc id="9832498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832498" title="Sng Boh Khim">
Sng Boh Khim

Sng Boh Khim (5 February 1950 – 29 August 2006) was one of Singapore's poets of the 1970s .Khim died from stomach cancer. He became a Christian in his last years. Khim has worked on many Singapore poems, such as modern love stories, good ching ming day and five takes and anthology of five poets. He is close to his mentor Edwin Thumboo. He also has a Christian name, Sunny. He was married with four children.
His wife is publishing an anthology of his poems "Simply This - Simply His Portraits of Sng Boh Khim" on his birthday, 5 February 2009. Published by Ethos Books, it costs $20 + GST and may be purchased directly from Ethos Books website at www.ethosbooks.com.sg

</doc>
<doc id="9832507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832507" title="Pablo Marcano García">
Pablo Marcano García

Pablo Marcano García (born 15 January 1952 in Gurabo, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican painter, and together with singer Danny Rivera heads the International Academic Seminary of the Americas in Cuba and the Dominican Republic. 
Marcano developed his talent while serving a sentence in a federal prison after a conviction for having violated federal laws within the Chilean consulate in San Juan in the late 1970s while protesting against General Pinochet's regime in the South American country.
His artwork, which includes large-scale paintings that resemble stained glass, is regarded as exceptional by well-known art critics in the Caribbean. His paintings can be seen in collections such as the ones from the Ponce Museum of Art, the Turabo University Museum, and his expositions at Casa Aboy, the University of Puerto Rico Art Museum, the Cardiovascular Center of Puerto Rico and the Caribbean, Plaza Las Américas, the Roberto Clemente Academy at Chicago, the Puerto Rico Tourism Company Art Gallery and many others. The Puerto Rico Senate recently showcased his work at its Puerto Rican Art Gallery and one of his paintings, personally selected by don Luis A. Ferré and owned by the Ponce Museum of Art is the most prominent art work in the ceremonial office of the Senate President, under Antonio Fas Alzamora, Kenneth McClintock and Thomas Rivera Schatz, as well as the ceremonial office of Puerto Rico House of Representatives Speaker Jennifer González. Recently his paintings have been exhibited in Zafra, Córdoba, Málaga, Spain and, in October 2009, the Puerto Rico Department of State.His paintings express the importance and solidarity between Puerto Ricans and our nature... According to García "The jungle, water, and sun are as much a part of our lives as the air we breathe and the music we play"
Political activism.
Pablo together with Nidia Cuevas Rivera took hostage the Consul of Chile in the Chilean Consulate in Puerto Rico. They demanded the release of the Puerto Rican political prisoners, the ceasing of celebrations in the island of 4 July Festivities (as it happened at 3 July). They were arrested after 22 hours in the consulate. For them it would've been 22 years in jail for 22 hours,but the sentence was lowered to seven years only. Pablo was sent to a prison in New York State. When he was released in 1985 a big crowd of people welcomed him at Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport in Puerto Rico. Among them were Rafael Cancel Miranda, Isabel Rosado, and Doña Consuelo Ferré, among others.
Personal life.
He has four children. He has, along with singer Danny Rivera, the Dominican Republic citizenship since 2007. He was granted the UNEAC Honorary Member title. He was the first Puerto Rican to get it.

</doc>
<doc id="9832517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832517" title="Mount Epperly">
Mount Epperly

Mount Epperly is a or perhaps high mountain in the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It overlooks Cervellati Glacier to the northeast and Ramorino Glacier to the east-northeast. The peak was first climbed by Erhard Loretan, solo over the 2100 m high south face, on December 1, 1994. Loretan returned the next year and reclimbed the route for a film. In 1999, the American climbers Conrad Anker and Jim Donini failed in their attempt over the west ridge. The third successful ascent was by the Chilean Camilo Rada and Australian Damien Gildea via a new route over the south face in December 2007. Their GPS measurements on top suggested a height 153 m above the official one.

</doc>
<doc id="9832519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832519" title="Hypophysial artery">
Hypophysial artery

There are two hypophysial arteries:

</doc>
<doc id="9832541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832541" title="Nordeka LFKA">
Nordeka LFKA

Nordeka LFKA is a Latvian football club located in Riga and playing in Rīgas zona of Latvian 2. līga

</doc>
<doc id="9832559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832559" title="Henley on Klip">
Henley on Klip

Henley on Klip is situated next to the R59 along the Klip River between Johannesburg and Vereeniging.
The village was founded in 1904, by Advocate Horace Kent. Born in 1855 in Henley on Thames, England, Kent came to South Africa in 1898. The area where Henley on Klip is located, reminded Kent of his hometown, in England, Henley on Thames. Kent, in conjunction with the Small Farms Company (SFC), bought the land from a Mr. Van Der Westhuizen, for a price of 5000 
Pounds, and the land was divided into smallholdings from 1 to .
In 1904, the SFC decided to build the Kidson Weir on the Klip River in Henley on Klip. The weir was named after Fenning Kidson, the grandson of an
1820 settler. Fenning was educated in England, but returned to South Africa
as a young man and became a transport rider, a contemporary of Sir Percy
Fitzpatrick. Soon after the outbreak of the Anglo Boer War, news came to
Kidson that a commando was on his way to his farm to arrest him. Under the
noses of the Boers he escaped, riding sidesaddle, his burly frame crammed
into his wife’s riding habit. He finally made his way to Natal, but
returned to the Transvaal after the war, settling in Henley on Klip with his
wife, Edith. The family home was named Tilham, which is the manor house on
the river at the corner of Regatta and Shillingford Roads
Community Organisations.
Henley has a very strong sense of community spirit, this is
Schools.
There are three schools in the village.
Market days.
A number of markets are held throughout the village on the last Saturday of the month.
On the First Saturday of each month:
Follow the signs from the R59 - Crafts, Art Jewellery, Cakes, Gifts, Books, Food and Preserves, Jumping Castle and lots more.

</doc>
<doc id="9832560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832560" title="Camille De Pazzis">
Camille De Pazzis

Camille De Pazzis is a French actress most famous for starring in the French series "La vie devant nous". She is also a face of Lancôme. She has recently co-starred in the American TV series "The Following".

</doc>
<doc id="9832563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832563" title="Yamaha SDR 200">
Yamaha SDR 200

The Yamaha SDR200 is a 200 cc single-cylinder 2-stroke motorcycle. It was manufactured and sold from around 1986 to 1987. Although it was intended for the Japanese home market only, a few examples have escaped as grey imports.
Its distinguishing characteristics are its diminutive size and a chrome trellis frame similar to that of a Ducati Monster.

</doc>
<doc id="9832587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832587" title="Fabrizio Zambrella">
Fabrizio Zambrella

Fabrizio Zambrella (born 1 March 1986) is a Swiss-Italian professional footballer who currently plays for FC Lausanne-Sport.
Career.
Zambrella played for Brescia, leaving the club at the end of his contract on 30 June 2009. On 20 October 2009, FC Sion signed the Swiss midfielder on a free transfer until June 2013. He joined PAS Giannina on a three month loan in January 2012. Following his return to Sion, the player was seen as surplus to requirements and did not feature at all for the first-team during the 2012-13 season. After one year out of competitive football, Zambrella made a return by joining FC Lausanne-Sport on 1 July 2013, signing a two year contract.
International career.
Zambrella was a squad member of Switzerland's teams in the 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9832598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832598" title="Harry Sydney">
Harry Sydney

Harry Sydney (born June 26, 1959) is a former professional American football player whose position was running back. He played six seasons in the NFL for the San Francisco 49ers and Green Bay Packers after three years with the Denver Gold and Memphis Showboats of the USFL. He now resides in Green Bay, Wisconsin, where he operates a not-for-profit male mentoring program called "My Brother's Keeper", and is the head football coach of the West High School Wildcats.
Highlights.
Harry Sydney played on the 1988 and 1989 San Francisco 49ers Super Bowl championship teams. He earned another Super Bowl ring as running backs coach for the 1996 Green Bay Packers. He served as RB Coach from 1995-1999. He is also 11th all-time in rushing yards for the USFL.
Sydney is the only NFL player who has caught touchdown passes from both Joe Montana and Brett Favre.
Harry is also a public speaker as well as co-host of a Green Bay, Wisconsin sports radio show.
Harry Sydney started his own Male Mentoring Business called My Brother's Keeper. It mentors almost all ages of boys to men who are having issues with life struggles.

</doc>
<doc id="9832668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832668" title="William S. Linton">
William S. Linton

William Seelye Linton (February 4, 1856 - November 22, 1927) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. 
Linton was born in St. Clair, Michigan and moved with his parents to Saginaw in 1859, where he attended the public schools. He engaged as clerk in a store at Farwell and became engaged in various activities connected with the lumber industry at Wells (now Alger). He was a member of the board of supervisors of Bay County for two terms. He returned to Saginaw in 1878 and engaged in the lumber business with his father and also was connected with other business enterprises. He was a member of the East Saginaw common council in 1884 and 1885. He was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives in 1887 and 1888. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Michigan on the Republican ticket in 1890, losing to Democrat John Strong, Jr. Linton was also president of the Saginaw Water Board and was elected mayor of Saginaw in 1892. 
In 1892, running on the Republican Party ticket in Michigan's 8th congressional district, Linton defeated incumbent Democrat Henry M. Youmans, to be elected to the 53rd United States Congress. Linton was re-elected in 1894 to the 54th Congress, serving from March 4, 1893 to March 3, 1897. He was chairman, Committee on Ventilation and Acoustics in the 54th Congress. In 1896, Linton was defeated in the general election by Democrat Ferdinand Brucker.
In 1895, Linton along with David Swinton, visited Florida looking for opportunity investing in what was then an unsettled frontier. In West Palm Beach, which was the end of the line for the railroad, they headed south by boat. Linton and Swinton liked what they saw, and purchased what is today, much of Delray Beach, and Boynton Beach. They then returned to Michigan to recruit settlers. By the fall of that same year, they had signed up eight settlers. The settlement called Linton was established within a year, having cleared palmetto growth, planting crops, and establishing a post office and store. However, by 1897, Linton had financial trouble and sold some of his holdings to Nathan Smith Boyton to raise some money. By 1898, Linton's creditors moved to collect from Linton's settlers, who had been under the impression that he already had clear title to the land. Some settlers headed back north, and Linton's reputation suffered. Linton returned to Michigan, and the settlement was renamed Delray after Delray, Michigan the hometown of W.W. Blackmer, one of the original eight settlers.
Linton was appointed postmaster of Saginaw by U.S. President William McKinley on March 22, 1898, and recommissioned three times, serving until 1914. He was president of the Saginaw Board of Trade 1905-1911 and 1913-1917. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination for Governor of Michigan in 1914, losing to Chase S. Osborn. He was appointed in 1919 a member of the Michigan State Board of Tax Commissioners and was named secretary a few weeks before his death in Lansing. He was interred in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Saginaw.

</doc>
<doc id="9832672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832672" title="Saija Varjus">
Saija Varjus

Saija Varjus (b. 30 January 1965 in Parkano) is a Finnish popular musician. She was chosen the "Tango Queen" 1996 in the Tangomarkkinat festival in Seinäjoki. This was her second attempt: she had competed in 1993 but only reached as far as the semifinal.
Biography.
Varjus had previously worked as a teacher. Her most famous recordings include "Dam dam da da di dum" (1997), "Vastatuuleen" (1998), "Kuiskaten" (2002) and "Ihana aamu" (2002).
On January 1998, Saija Varjus was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
On 13 October 2007, she married the guitarist Petri Hämäläinen.

</doc>
<doc id="9832698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832698" title="William Linton">
William Linton

William Linton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9832706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832706" title="Revolutionary Communist League (Belgium)">
Revolutionary Communist League (Belgium)

The Revolutionary Communist League (fr: "Ligue Communiste Révolutionnaire", LCR) or Socialist Workers' Party (nl: "Socialistische Arbeiderspartij", SAP) is a Belgian Trotskyist political party. It is the Belgian section of the Fourth International.In the 2010 election, Front des gauches (CP,LCR, PSL and PH) received 1,15% of votes for the Senat.
The party was long led by Ernest Mandel. It publishes "La Gauche" and "Rood".

</doc>
<doc id="9832708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832708" title="Chicago Journal of International Law">
Chicago Journal of International Law

The Chicago Journal of International Law ("CJIL") is a semiannual, student-edited law review published by the University of Chicago Law School since spring 2000. CJIL contains articles covering issues of international law and policy. 
CJIL's contents are covered by several academic abstracting services, including LegalTrac, EconLit, and CSA Worldwide Political Science Abstracts. The full text of CJIL articles is available via LexisNexis, Westlaw, ProQuest, and HeinOnline. In a 2008 ranking of law journals based on a combination of the impact factor and citations, CJIL ranked 73 among the 1,500+ journals ranked. In the same ranking, CJIL placed 6th among international and comparative law reviews. 
Staff and editor selection.
CJIL is one of the three student-edited law journals published at the University of Chicago Law School. University of Chicago law students are selected to join CJIL as staff members each year by that year's incoming managing board of editors through a blind writing competition held after the participants' first year of law school. CJIL also allows law students to "write on" to the journal to become staff members by submitting a publishable piece of legal scholarship. The outgoing managing board selects the next year's editors each spring, generally from among the current staff.

</doc>
<doc id="9832725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832725" title="Dicky Moegle">
Dicky Moegle

Richard Lee "Dickey" Maegle (born Moegle) (born September 14, 1934) is a former professional American football running back and defensive back in the National Football League for seven seasons for the San Francisco 49ers, Pittsburgh Steelers, and Dallas Cowboys. 
Maegle played college football at Rice University, where he was an All-American. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1979.
In the 1954 Cotton Bowl Classic against Alabama, Maegle was involved in one of college football's most famous plays. With Rice leading 7-6, Maegle broke through on a sweep from Rice's five-yard line, and was running down the sideline in front of Alabama's bench on his way to a touchdown. Alabama's Tommy Lewis, without putting on his helmet, jumped off the bench and tackled Maegle. Seeing what happened, referee Cliff Shaw awarded the touchdown, and Rice went on to win the game. Maegle finished with 265 rushing yards, which was a Cotton Bowl Classic record until the 2008 game when Missouri RB Tony Temple rushed for 281 yards.
During his playing days, the running back's last name was spelled "Moegle". Because it was constantly mispronounced, several years later he changed his name to "Maegle" to be more phonetically correct.

</doc>
<doc id="9832804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832804" title="Magnus Steendorff">
Magnus Steendorff

Magnus Gottfrid Steendorff (November 25, 1855 – April 26, 1945) was a Swedish architect of partly Danish ancestry.
Background.
Magnus Steendorff was born in Copenhagen as the only son of Danish painter Christian Wilhelm Steendorff (1817–1904) and his wife Anna Ulrica Öhrström (1816–1891) from Sweden. He studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Art in Copenhagen, but settled in Sweden in 1887 becoming a Swedish citizen three years later.
Career.
Notable buildings by Steendorff include two churches: the majestic neogothic church of Undenäs, also known as the "Cathedral of Tiveden" (Swedish:"Tivedens katedral") (1892–1894) and the new Stora Hammar Church (Swedish:"Stora Hammar nya kyrka") in Höllviken (1891–1895) designed in Danish Renaissance style. 
Steendorff also designed the Institution of Johannesberg, an asylum outside Mariestad, a bank building in Skövde (1893–1894) and the new library of the University College of Jönköping (originally built as the foundry of a mechanical company in 1914).
Personal life.
Steendorff was married to Sofie Brunskog (1855–1948). He was the brother-in-law of Swedish-American linguistics professor August Hjalmar Edgren (1840–1903).

</doc>
<doc id="9832911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9832911" title="Inny Valley Railway">
Inny Valley Railway

The Inny Valley Railway was a private narrow gauge railway located at Trebullett, near Launceston in Cornwall, England. The railway was established by James Evans and ran around a field adjoining a workshop for the railway and a mill. Steam locomotives based at the railway were "Velinheli" built by Hunslet in 1886 and "Sybil" built by W.G. Bagnall in 1906, both previously in use at the Dinorwic Quarry. There was also a diesel locomotive built by Motor Rail and a passenger carriage built using redundant church pews. After closure the steam locomotives and carriage went to the Launceston Steam Railway whilst the diesel locomotive went to Alan Keef

</doc>
<doc id="9833020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833020" title="Clubber Lang Band">
Clubber Lang Band

The Clubber Lang Band is an indie-rock band based in Bergen, Norway. The band consists of four members, Anders Johannessen - Vocals, Øystein Hagen - Guitar, Anders Dahle - Bass and Halvor Dahle - Drums, all graduates of the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration (NHH). Clubber Lang was formed in the winter of 2005, and recorded "The Contender" EP the following spring. The single "End of the World" reached No. 10 on VG singles chart in 2006. They are currently working on their new EP.
"The Contender" is available on iTunes Music store.

</doc>
<doc id="9833036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833036" title="Rekava">
Rekava

Rekava (Sinhalese language word means "Line of Destiny") is a 1956 film based on village life and their mythical beliefs in Sri Lanka (then Ceylon). It is the first Sinhalese film which was fully shot in Ceylon and was the first in the country to be shot outdoors. It was also the first film which was free from Indian influence. Many Sinhalese films produced in that era were remakes of South Indian films which were not properly adapted to the Sri Lankan context. Even their dialogs were not natural.
It was the first feature length film by Sri Lankan director Lester James Peries. The film was well-received internationally. It was shown at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival and was included in the main competition. It is still the only Sri-Lankan film to be nominated for the Palme d'Or. The cinematography was by Wiliam Blake. Despite much acclaim the film was not a commercial success in Sri Lanka due to its defiance of the mainstream concept of what a film is (i.e. one of a romance between a girl and a boy, fights, comedy, songs with Hindi tunes). Since that time it has come to become one of the best known Sinhala movies and is considered as marking the birth of a uniquely Sri Lankan cinema.
Synopsis.
The film starts with a tilt walker cum musician Miguel (Sesha Palihakkara) arriving in the village of Siriyalas with a monkey it performs various antics for the public. Two thieves of the village try to rob him and Sena (Somapala Dharapriya), a young boy prevents the robbery. The tilt walker, who is also a palm reader, read the boy's palm and predict the future, said that Sena will become a famous healer and bring dignity to the village.
One day, when Sena and his friend Anula (Myrtle Fernando) were playing with a Kyte, Anula suddenly loses her eyesight. The native doctor of village was unable to restore Anula's sight but Sena touches her eyes, miraculously Anula begins to see. After that Sena got a reputation of a boy with a magical touch.
Sena's father who is a notorious money lender of the village, used his talent to earn money. His father organize a healing campaign among the villagers. One day a rich land owner brought his son for the treatment, but after that boy died. The villagers are outraged say that it is Sena's fault. To make the situation worse the village undergoes a huge drought. Later on the peace and tranquility return to the village of Siriyala with the blessings of Sena.
Music.
The Music in this film was composed by late legendary Sunil Santha a pioneer in Sinhala Music and the lyrics were composed by late Rev. Fr. Merciline Jayakody. The music director of the film was B.S.Perera. The songs of the film are even heard and praised today. Lata Walpola, Indrani Wijebandara, Sirira Senaratne and Ivor Dennis contributed to the vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="9833043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833043" title="De Anza High School">
De Anza High School

De Anza High School is a secondary school located in Richmond, California, named after Spanish explorer Juan Bautista de Anza.
History.
The school originally opened in 1955. In 2005 local voters passed Measure J, a bond measure which included $161 million to completely rebuild the De Anza campus. Reconstruction began in 2009 with a new all-weather track and artificial-turf football field, along with the demolition of the gym and other site preparation work. The new facility was opened for the start of the 2013 - 2014 school year.
The school offers three academies: Health Academy, Information Technology Academy, Law Academy. Students are also offered several clubs including Black Student Union, Anime, Asian-Pacific Islander, Banju Community Club, French, Gay-Straight Alliance, Glee Club, Graffiti Arts, Guitar, Hip-Hop Club, Health Occupational Society of America (HOSA), Interact, MESA, Outdoor Rec, Poetry, Robotics, Shimada, Speech & Debate, Video Game Club and Yearbook. 

</doc>
<doc id="9833057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833057" title="2007 Somali National Reconciliation Conference">
2007 Somali National Reconciliation Conference

The 2007 Somali National Reconciliation Conference was held from 15 July 2007 until 30 August 2007in Mogadishu; it was announced on 1 March 2007 by Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed, the President of the Transitional Federal Government (TFG).[http://somalinet.com/news/world/Somalia/8052 [http://allafrica.com/stories/200703030187.html]
Preparations.
More than 3,000 people from all of Somalia's regions and clans as well as from the Somali diaspora participated.The United States had announced their support for the conference.[http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2007-03/22/content_5878995.htm Moderate Islamists in exile in Eritrea had also been invited,[http://english.people.com.cn/90001/90777/6214470.html] but had refused to attend.
It was originally planned to be held from 16 April until mid-June, but was postponed thrice, first to 15 May 2007,then to 14 June 2007[http://english.people.com.cn/200704/19/eng20070419_367801.html and finally to 15 July 2007.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6747999.stm]
Events.
When the conference finally opened on 15 July 2007, it immediately adjourned until 19 July 2007 to allow for more delegates to arrive, since the moderate Islamists had not yet ended their boycott of the conference.The conference building was being attacked with mortars on that date, as well, and again on 17 July 2007.[http://english.people.com.cn/90001/90777/6217948.html
The conference eventually opened for real on 19 July 2007; however, moderate Islamists and Hawiye clan elders still boycotted it, claiming that the venue were not neutral. Islamists have scheduled a conference in Asmara instead.
There was an 11 point program to be discussed at the conference, including the holding of elections.According to commentators, little was achieved at the conference.[http://www.irinnews.org/Report.aspx?ReportId=74031

</doc>
<doc id="9833085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833085" title="Patrick Bernard Delany">
Patrick Bernard Delany

Patrick Bernard Delany (born 1845, date of death unknown) was an American electrician and inventor.
Biography.
He was born in King's County, Ireland (now Offaly). He came early to the United States and learned telegraphy at Hartford, Conn.; gradually he worked up from office boy to be superintendent of lines. Later he was also a newspaper correspondent, editor, and writer. His inventions include more than 150 patents, covering anti-induction cables, synchronous multiplex telegraphy by means of which six messages may be sent simultaneously over one wire, automatic ocean-cable systems, and rapid-machine telegraphy for land lines. His automatic telegraph system was capable of transmitting and recording 3000 words a minute over a single wire. He was awarded gold medals at the International Inventions Exhibition in London (1885), at the Pan-American Exposition (1901), and at the St. Louis Exposition (1904), the Elliott Cresson Medal twice, and the John Scott medal of the Franklin Institute. From 1893 to 1895 he was a vice president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9833098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833098" title="Derrick Somerset Macnutt">
Derrick Somerset Macnutt

Derrick Somerset Macnutt (1902–1971) was a British crossword compiler who provided crosswords for "The Observer" newspaper under the pseudonym Ximenes. His main oeuvre was blocked-grid and "specialty" puzzles. Even though he only provided conventional blocked puzzles once a week for the Observer Everyman series for about two years his strong views on cluing, expressed in his 1966 book, have been a source of debate in the cryptic crossword world ever since.
Career.
Macnutt was born at Eastbourne in Sussex and was educated at Marlborough College before achieving a double first in classics at Jesus College, Cambridge. Between 1928 and 1963 he held the position of Head of Classics at Christ's Hospital near Horsham, West Sussex, as well as being a housemaster.
In 1939 he took over the position of crossword compiler for "The Observer" on the death of Edward Powys Mathers, who had written under the name of "Torquemada". Macnutt selected the name Ximenes after Francisco Jiménez de Cisneros, one of Torquemada's successors as Grand Inquisitor of the Spanish Inquisition. He pronounced 'Ximenes' in an Anglicised fashion, ['zɪmɘniːz].
His crossword style was initially in imitation of Torquemada, but was soon influenced by the inventive puzzles of Alistair Ferguson Ritchie who wrote as Afrit in "The Listener".
Macnutt died in 1971, and puzzle 1200, his final crossword to be published, appeared in 1972. He was succeeded by Jonathan Crowther, who writes under the name Azed.
From 1943, he was also a contributor to "The Listener", writing crosswords under the pseudonym Tesremos – his middle name spelled backwards.
Influence.
As Ximenes, Macnutt's puzzles gained an enthusiastic following. His many fans organised dinners on the occasion of his puzzles number 100, 250, 500, 750 and 1000, with the 1968 dinner hosting nearly 400 solvers. His followers, known as Ximeneans, often sported a specially designed black tie covered in small white crosses.
Well-known Ximeneans include Stephen Sondheim, P. G. Wodehouse, and Leonard Bernstein. Colin Dexter, author of the "Inspector Morse" books named his most famous characters after two prize-winning Ximeneans, Sir Jeremy Morse and Mrs D. W. Lewis, and he named Morse's old Inspector Macnutt.
In his 1966 book, "Ximenes on the Art of the Crossword" (reissued 2001), he laid down rules that he claimed should be present in all good crosswords. These are now known as the "Ximenean principles". They include using a symmetric grid, and the specification of maximum and minimum numbers of "unches" (unchecked letters i.e. ones that only appear in one word in the grid) for a given length of answer. More importantly, he insisted that all clues must be scrupulously fair via rules that were summed up by his successor, Azed, as:
He made a number of innovations in crossword setting such as the special clue/puzzle types 'Misprints' and 'Right and Left'.

</doc>
<doc id="9833101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833101" title="Ashbritt">
Ashbritt

AshBritt, located in Deerfield Beach, Florida, is an environmental services company providing engineering, construction management, operations/privatization, and other related services. [http://www.ashbritt.com]
Overview.
AshBritt Environmental is a Florida-based, national rapid-response disaster recovery and special environmental services contractor. AshBritt was founded in 1992, and has managed and executed around 100 disaster projects and around 28 special environmental projects. AshBritt has been involved in the debris recovery efforts of 30 federally declared major disasters in eleven states, beginning with Hurricane Andrew. Each of these recoveries was conducted under the authority and oversight of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). [http://www.ashbritt.com]
AshBritt is organized in four divisions: disaster recovery services, solid waste services, engineering services, and special environmental services, who can deal with the damage from hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, wildfires, ice storms, and terrorist activities. It provides non-hazardous waste collection throughout the United States. Among AshBritt’s past jobs are the cleanup and recovery from hurricanes and tornadoes.
Hurricane Katrina.
The Army Corps of Engineers awarded AshBritt a contract worth $850 million to remove Hurricane Katrina debris in Mississippi, with an option to increase the dollar amount to one billion dollars. AshBritt had already been activated under a preexisting contingency contract for $150 million.
Following Hurricane Katrina in August 2009, as the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Advanced Contracting Initiative (ACI) contractor for U.S. Region 3, AshBritt was the Initial Response contractor for both Louisiana and Mississippi. AshBritt was ultimately tasked by the USACE as the prime contractor for the entire debris mission in the State of Mississippi. Owing to the severity of the damage, this mission proved to be the largest debris cleanup and recovery by a single company in U.S. history. [http://www.businessweek.com/bwdaily/dnflash/oct2005/nf20051027_8761_db038.htm]
In Mississippi, AshBritt conducted debris removal, hazardous tree mitigation and demolition services in 17 jurisdictions, covering over and over inland. AshBritt collected, hauled and processed 21 million cubic yards of debris and wreckage. AshBritt staffed, managed and operated 49 debris management sites. AshBritt hauled over 700,000 loads of debris, using 12,400 certified operational vehicles. [http://www.corpwatch.org/article.php?id=12886]

</doc>
<doc id="9833145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833145" title="The Great Man">
The Great Man

The Great Man is a 1956 drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer, based on a novel by Al Morgan. It was loosely based on the controversial career of Arthur Godfrey, a beloved TV and radio host whose image had been tarnished by a number of cast firings and Godfrey's contentious battles with the press.
Plot.
Joe Harris (José Ferrer) is a popular, established local radio news reporter covering Broadway entertainment with a wise-guy attitude. Herb Fuller is the network's undisputed star. When Fuller dies in an auto accident, Philip Carleton (Dean Jagger), president of the Amalgamated Broadcasting Network, assigns Harris to prepare a memorial extravaganza, including an elaborate public viewing and a special memorial show featuring interviews with Fuller's radio cast, the "Fuller Family," and others who knew him. Carleton dangles a chance at Harris becoming Fuller's replacement if he succeeds.
Assisted by network PR man Nick Cellentano (Jim Backus), Harris is intrigued by odd comments at the public viewing, including some from various individuals who attend strictly out of boredom and are indifferent to Fuller.
Harris meets Sid Moore (Keenan Wynn), Fuller's longtime producer, who offers his assistance while realizing Harris is in line to become Fuller's successor. Aided by his secretary Ginny (Joanne Gilbert), Harris discovers Fuller was an alcoholic and an unethical womanizing egomaniac who became a star in spite of it. He is visited by Paul Beaseley ( Ed Wynn), owner of a tiny Christian radio station in New England, who first hired Fuller, impressed by his inspirational poetry and treated him as a son, only to discover Fuller's dark side. Harris is initially condescending to the mild-mannered Beaseley, but by the time he finishes his story, Harris is apologetic. 
Harris's investigations reveal Fuller's relationship with Carol Larson (Julie London), the alcoholic vocalist on his show, and various conflicts of interest involving his relationship with various song publishers whose songs were performed on Fuller's program. Fuller bandleader Eddie Brand (played by real-life bandleader Russ Morgan), hoping to remain on what he, too, suspects will become Harris' show, dutifully records an artificially sincere sound bite regarding Fuller.
Moore signs Harris to a contract, then reveals more of Fuller's escapades. Carleton privately warns Harris of Moore's duplicitous nature, telling the newsman that the network will spin his chances of becoming Fuller's successor negatively so that Moore agrees to release him from the contract, adding if Harris cannot secure a release, the network will turn elsewhere. Amassing the research into a script, Harris has to choose between praising the beloved, amusing and warm-hearted Fuller the public saw or unmasking the phony beneath the image. 
Harris makes up his mind as the broadcast starts, throwing away his prepared script to tell the truth about Herb Fuller. As Carleton and Moore listen in, Moore realizes what Harris is about to do. He rips up Harris' contract and demands Carleton stop the broadcast. Seeing that Moore has done precisely what he had hoped for, Carleton refuses to stop the broadcast, explaining that he can market Harris as a man of principle and honesty to the public just as easily as his network marketed Fuller's phony image.
Notes.
While the movie was based on the controversy surrounding Arthur Godfrey, whose controversial real-life persona contrasted with his warm-hearted public demeanor, the fictional Fuller's failings differed greatly. Godfrey's controversies were mostly public, not private. Godfrey's womanizing was long-rumored but never confirmed, but he was not a heavy drinker like Fuller.

</doc>
<doc id="9833155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833155" title="Journal of Cuneiform Studies">
Journal of Cuneiform Studies

The Journal of Cuneiform Studies was founded in 1947 by the Baghdad School of the American Schools of Oriental Research. The journal presents articles about ancient Mesopotamian language and history in English, French and German.

</doc>
<doc id="9833167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833167" title="Fast Forward (film)">
Fast Forward (film)

Fast Forward is a 1985 dance film directed by Sidney Poitier. In the film, a dance troupe from Ohio comes to New York to compete in a national talent competition. The Bollywood film "Dance Dance" was inspired by this film.
Plot synopsis.
The story revolves around "The Adventurous Eight," a group of teenagers from Sandusky, Ohio who crave stardom so badly that they spend their spare time rehearsing their home-made songs and dance routines in a locked up old building every day after school.
A reluctant promise of an audition from a big-shot dance executive leads the kids to New York, but on arrival at the company headquarters they are greeted by some unexpected news that the executive who had promised them an audition had died. Having traveled so far, the Adventurous Eight refuse to be rejected, and the two male members of the group, Matt (John Scott Clough) and Michael (Don Franklin), beg the new company owner to give them a shot. He eventually gives in, telling them to audition in two weeks time. However, none of the teens had banked on staying for that long, and they did not have enough money to keep themselves there.
The kids come to the decision that the only way of making it is to stay and show the world what they're made of. So they rent a rather squalid apartment, spruce it up, and assemble a plan to raise enough money to live on until the day of the big audition. Step one: crashing a swank restaurant to showcase their moves. Miraculously, their routine leads to a standing ovation from the wealthy diners, who proceed to throw their money at the talented gang.
Over the next couple of weeks, the Adventurous Eight continue to raise money by any means possible: passing out business cards; dancing in front of crowds on the streets; you name it. But all work and no play isn't a phrase in the teenagers' dictionary and with the chance to hit the clubs and check out a famous dance hotspot, they can't resist. What they don't realize is that word has gotten out of their talents and a local badass dance crew ain't too happy about their presence. Time for a dance battle, baby! Only, this is one battle the small town country kids are destined to lose.
On a downer after being upstaged by the fresh dancers at 'The Zoo', and well aware that their audition day will soon be arriving, the Adventurous Eight vow to step up their act. And what that calls for is practice, practice, practice. Will they be able to get their own back and not die from embarrassment this time around?
Impressing the club-goers isn't their number one priority, and next in line is their shot at the big time with Sabol Industries. Turning up for their anxiously awaited audition, the kids face another huge knock-back when they are rejected once again, and in spite of the verbal contract between them and the company owner, it turns out to be yet another false promise. Furious that they have been deceived, a persistent Matt and Michael conspire one final plot which is to be their last lifeline on the road to fame. Will they make it to the huge Sabol talent contest? And will all their blood, sweat and tears pay off in the end?
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack album was released on Qwest Records following the release of the film. A music video for the modest hit "Do You Want it Right Now" by Siedah Garrett was produced. The song reached #3 on the US Hot Dance Music/Club Play and #63 on the US R&B Charts. Quincy Jones and Tom Bahler acted as executive producers of the album.
Tracklisting:

</doc>
<doc id="9833201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833201" title="Itamar Even-Zohar">
Itamar Even-Zohar

Itamar Even-Zohar () (born 1939) is an Israeli culture researcher and professor at Tel Aviv University. Even-Zohar is a pioneer of polysystem theory and the theory of cultural repertoires.
Biography.
Itamar Even-Zohar was born in Tel Aviv. He earned his degrees from the University of Tel Aviv (B.A., and PhD) and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (M.A). He also studied in Oslo, Copenhagen and Stockholm. He has lectured at universities and research centers in Amsterdam, Paris, Philadelphia, Reykjavík, Quebec City, Louvain, Santiago de Compostela, Santander, St. John's (Newfoundland), Barcelona and Santa Cruz, California. He has a working knowledge of Hebrew (mother tongue), Arabic, English, French, Swedish, Spanish, Norwegian, Danish, Italian, Russian, German, Icelandic, and other languages.
Thought and teaching.
Structuralist research.
Since the early 1970s Even-Zohar has been working on developing theoretical tools and research methodology for dealing with the complexity and interdependency of socio-cultural ‘systems,’ which he views as heterogeneous, versatile and dynamic networks. In 1972, he proposed a multi-layered structural theory of text (Even-Zohar 1972), but soon became one of the first critics of “Static Structuralism” (Even-Zohar 1978) and what he saw as a reification flaw imposed on the Structuralist agenda by a rigid and ‘sterile’ interpretation of Saussure’s notions of structure and ‘linguistic system’. In order for these notions to be widely and fruitfully applicable to all living, complex cultural activities, he believes one must take into account the interplay of the diachronic (historical) and synchronic (contemporary) dimensions of a socio-cultural system”. He therefore introduced the idea of “dynamic Structuralism,” with the concept of an ”open system of systems,” to capture the aspects of variability and heterogeneity in time and place (Even-Zohar 1979). 
Using this new approach, he constructed a research program that dealt with literary systems rather than texts, which in the 1980s and early 1990s was considered a breakthrough in literary studies and laid the ground for new schools in literary and translation studies (e.g., the Tel Aviv School, the Leuven School). It allowed researchers to break away from the normative notion of “literature” and “culture” as limited sets of highbrow products and explore a multi-layered interplay between “center” and “periphery”, and “canonized” and “non-canonized.” Even-Zohar has also studied linguistic diglossia and the interrelationship of literary systems.
Polysystem theory.
Even-Zohar substitutes univalent causal parameters with polyvalent factors as an instrument for explaining the complexity of culture within a single community and between communities. His "polysystem theory" (Even-Zohar 1978, 1979, 1990, 1997, 2005 book) analyzed sets of relations in literature and language, but gradually shifted towards a more complex analysis of socio-cultural systems. Even-Zohar’s polysystem theory has been embraced by students of literature and culture all over the world. The theory has proven particularly relevant in Spain and China. (Iglesias 1999; "Chung Wai Literary Monthly", Vol. 30, No. 3, August 2001). Another advocate of this theory is American scholar Edwin Gentzler.
The concept of ‘Models’.
Even-Zohar took the basic idea of ‘system’ a step further in proposing that the object of study was no longer texts and products but rather dynamic cultural models that determine the production of concrete cultural objects (Even-Zohar 1997). Developing his theories in cognitive science and anthropology, he maintained that it is the inter-personal models which people acquire and employ in their day to day conduct as members of a community that help to explain the dynamics of a certain culture. The theory of models is part of Even-Zohar’s larger Theory of Repertoire, both deeply inspired by Russian Formalism and the Soviet semiotics (Yuri Lotman, Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov, Toporov, Boris Uspensky, and others).
Translation studies.
Even Zohar's analysis of norms in translation have shown that discrepancies between the source and the target texts can be explained as the result of actions governed by domestic norms. Even-Zohar’s systemic approach has transformed Translation studies from a marginal philological specialty to a focus of inter-culture research. His article, “The Position of Translated Literature”, is widely quoted. His polysystem theory has opened many avenues to researchers in translation studies. (Susan Bassnett, 1993: 142). In Even-Zohar’s terms, a ‘polysystem’ is multidimensional and able to accommodate taxonomies established in the realm of literature (the division between high and low literature), translation (the division between translation and non translation) and social relationships (the division between dominant and dominated social groups). (Lianeri 2001).
Nation-building through culture.
Even-Zohar has studied the role of literature in the construction of national cultures and published comparative analyses of Hebrew, Italian, Norwegian, Galician, Catalan and Icelandic culture. Even-Zohar has proposed that ‘culture’ as an object of study should no longer be restricted to products, but include models for cultural actions. Culture is thus perceived as a life-management program, not just a set of elite commodities (Even-Zohar 1997, 2005). Even-Zohar's analysis of the emergence and crystallization of native Hebrew culture in Palestine is widely cited and used as a model for paradigmatic analysis of other emerging cultures. 
Since the 1990s, Even-Zohar's research has focused on deliberate culture planning in the development of new socio-political entities. He has examined problems of majority and minority, and center and periphery in the context of accessing and controlling resources. Since the end of the 18th century a growing number of communities around the globe have adopted the model of self-management, often bundled together with enterprises to create separate culture repertoires. Even-Zohar began with the building of Hebrew culture in Palestine between 1882 and 1948, and then moved on to other societies. Since 1993, he has been carrying out research in situ in Spanish Galicia, Catalonia, Iceland, Québec, and Newfoundland.

</doc>
<doc id="9833206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833206" title="Babù">
Babù

Babù real name Anderson Rodney de Oliveira (born 23 December 1980 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Roma.
Career.
Early career.
He started his career off in Italy, with Serie C1 side Salernitana in 2001. He made a total of 27 appearances in 2 seasons, scoring 3 goals for the Salerno based club. In 2003 he moved to recently relegated Serie A side Venezia, where Babù played in 21 games, but failed to score a single goal in his single Serie B season with the club. In 2004 he was purchased by Serie A side Lecce, where he would spend the next 3 seasons. He managed to score 6 goals in 47 total appearances for the central Italian club. Following his longest spell with one team as a professional footballer, he was signed by then Serie B side Hellas Verona F.C. in 2007. He stayed for just under one season and made just 12 appearances scoring just once.
Catania.
Following his short stint in Verona, he signed for Sicilian giants Calcio Catania, where he found it hard to find any playing time making just two substitute appearances, not scoring. Hence he was sent on loan to Triestina, where he would remain for the remaining six months of the season.
He spent the entire 2008/09 season on loan at Avellino, in the Italian Serie B, yet he only managed seven appearances and a single goal. He was released by mutual consent on July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9833219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833219" title="Skeeter Barnes">
Skeeter Barnes

William Henry "Skeeter" Barnes (born March 3, 1957) is a retired Major League Baseball (MLB) utility player for the Cincinnati Reds (1983–1984 and 1989), Montreal Expos (1985), St. Louis Cardinals (1987) and Detroit Tigers (1991–1994); he is currently the coordinator for baserunning in the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Biography.
Barnes was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. After playing college baseball at his hometown University of Cincinnati, Barnes was selected by the Reds in the 16th round of the 1978 Major League Baseball draft. Barnes worked his way through the minors, earning promotion to the Reds in 1983 after hitting .337 for the Reds' Indianapolis farm club.
Although Barnes would continue to have great success at the Triple-A level for many years to come, he was unable to find a home in the Major Leagues. Between 1984 and 1990, he played in just 60 Major League games, including four for the 1987 National League champion St. Louis Cardinals. In four of those years, he hit .300 or better in the minors.
Barnes finally achieved stable Major League career status at the age of 34, an age when most players have long retired. After hammering International League pitching at a .330 clip through the first two months of the 1991 season, Barnes was called up by the Tigers. Barnes, who was a capable fielder at several positions and a good contact hitter, turned out to be a good fit for the Tigers, who had defensive problems and a lineup that struck out a lot. Barnes spent most of the next three seasons with the Tigers. Detroit fans appreciated his blue-collar work-ethic; he was sometimes called "Crash Davis," after the fictional character in the film Bull Durham, who had spent most of his career playing in the minor leagues.
During all or part of nine seasons in the majors, Barnes played in 353 games and had 614 at-bats, 95 runs, 159 hits, 30 doubles, 4 triples, 14 home runs, 83 RBIs, 20 stolen bases, 41 wlks, .259 batting average, .306 on-base percentage, .389 slugging percentage, 239 total bases, eight sacrifice hits, eight sacrifice flies, and three intentional walks. In the minor leagues, Barnes batted .296 for his career and had 1,773 career hits. At the time, he ranked as one of the all-time leading hitters in the minor leagues.
He retired as a player following the 1994 season, but has remained in the game as a minor league coach and manager. Among his post-playing jobs have been a stint as the Southwest Michigan Devil Rays of the Midwest League in 2006, two coaching stints in the Midwest League (1997–98 and 2005), coaching in the Southern League in 2003–04, in the International League (1995–96, 1999), and managing the Lakeland Tigers in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9833226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833226" title="Panic Movement (album)">
Panic Movement (album)

Panic Movement is the first release by Indie/Garage band The Hiss. It was released in August 2003 on Loog records and is distributed throughout America by Sanctuary Records. The song "Back On the Radio" was featured in Tony Hawk's Underground 2, and the first single "Triumph" entered the UK top 20. Some enhanced copies on the Sanctuary Records release have 2 bonus videos.
Misc..
On the video for Back on the Radio (found on the enhanced copies) it reads: "Loog Records Presents: The Hiss in Shame the Devil". Even though it says Loog Records, the CD case has Sanctuary Records printed on the back.

</doc>
<doc id="9833256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833256" title="Red Moss, Aberdeenshire">
Red Moss, Aberdeenshire

Red Moss is a wetland bog in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located at the northwestern edge of the village of Netherley. (Grid Reference NO 955 856) The moss is designated a national Site of Special Scientific Interest by Scottish Natural Heritage, due to its biodiversity and undisturbed character. The elevation of Red Moss is 113 metres above mean sea level. The upland areas above Red Moss are characterised as agricultural and woodland parcels which are generally attractive and separated by ancient drystone walls or hedgerows.
Hydrology and water quality.
The outlet to Red Moss with respect to drainage is the Crynoch Burn, which continues by the Lairhillock Inn and thence through Maryculter and the Oldman Wood. Feeding the Red Moss are the headwaters of Crynoch Burn, along with smaller tributaries draining lands of the south and east.
The bog is clearly acidic, with pH levels in the range of 5.68; moreover, electrical conductivity of the waters are low. Summer water temperatures are in the range of 17.5 to 18.0 degrees Celsius.
History.
Roman legions marched by Netherley traversing the route from Raedykes to Normandykes as they sought higher ground evading the bogs of Red Moss and other low-lying mosses associated with the Burn of Muchalls. Elsick Mounth is one of the ancient routes crossing the Grampian Mountains, lying west of Netherley. Alexander Silver, a wealthy East India trader, built Netherley House, a mansion house in Netherley in the late 18th century; he and his son George Silver were noted agricultural innovators of their era.

</doc>
<doc id="9833269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833269" title="Bath Township">
Bath Township

Bath Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="9833333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833333" title="Nea Sinopi">
Nea Sinopi

Nea Sinopi () is a village and a community of Preveza regional unit, in the region of Epirus, in western Greece. The community consists of the villages Nea Sinopi and Archangelos. It is situated between low hills, at about 40 m elevation. It is about 15 kilometers north of the town of Preveza. Its population in 2001 was 693 for the village, and 1,038 for the community.
History.
Archangelos and Neo Sinopi were founded in 1922, as a result of the population exchange between Greece and Turkey. Many of the refugees were from a village near modern Sinop.
The Roman aqueduct.
In Archangelos, there are some remains of the Roman aqueduct of ancient Nicopolis. The Roman aqueduct, 50 km long, carried the water from the springs of Louros to two cisterns in the Nymphaeum of Nikopolis. It was constructed after the foundation of Nikopolis by Octavianus Augustus.

</doc>
<doc id="9833341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833341" title="International Workers' League (Belgium)">
International Workers' League (Belgium)

International Workers' League ("Internationale Arbeidersliga"/"Ligue Internationale des Travailleurs") is a small Belgian Trotskyist party of Morenist tradtition.

</doc>
<doc id="9833377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833377" title="War of 1812 museum">
War of 1812 museum

There are several museums named War of 1812 museum:

</doc>
<doc id="9833385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833385" title="Butt welding">
Butt welding

Butt welding is a welding technique used to connect parts which are nearly parallel and don't overlap. It can be used to run a processing machine continuously, as opposed to having to restart such machine with a new supply of metals. Butt-welding is an economical and reliable way of jointing without using additional components.
Usually, a butt-welding joint is made by gradually heating up the two weld ends with a weld plate and then joining them under a specific pressure. This process is very suitable for prefabrication and producing special fittings. Afterward, the material is usually ground down to a smooth finish and either sent on its way to the processing machine, or sold as a completed product.
This type of weld is usually accomplished with an arc or MIG welder. It can also be accomplished by brazing. With arc welding, after the butt weld is complete, the weld itself needs to be struck with a hammer forge to remove slag (a type of waste material) before any subsequent welds can be applied. This is not necessary for MIG welds however, as a protective gas removes any need for slag to appear. Another advantage with a MIG welder is that a continuous copper wire is fed onto the stock, making the weld virtually inexhaustible.
Hand welding.
Butt welding can also be achieved through traditional blow torches in the most common form of butt joints, a process that uses some variety of flux, usually a tin-based solder and precise hand-eye coordination that is common for hand-made boxes of copper, brass, and silver. There are two types of butt welding; one is carried out by smiting and another is carried out by welding two work pieces by non-overlapping.
The process consists of two desired strips of metal that are lined with flux that is lightly dried with a blowtorch until it is a sticky consistency, followed by cutting a strip of solder that is generally 20% of the full joint's size. Applying heat gently makes the gel-like flux now appear white and powdery which now is primed to be welded in which the blow torch is arched so that the "heat cone", the bluest and hottest part of the flame, is now directly upon the sauter melting the joints together evenly.
The joint is then cooled and cleaned in a solution of sulfuric acid diluted in 20 parts water – commonly known as "pickle" – to remove imperfections. Sanding and polishing then achieves the desired finishing.
Upset Weld.
The parts to be welded are clamped edge to edge in copper jaws of the welding machine and brought together in a solid contact so that their point of contact forms a locality of high electric resistance, while current flows to heat the joint . At this point the pressure applied upsets or forges the parts together . Upset buttwelding is used principally on non ferrous materials for welding bars, rods, wire, tubing, formed parts, etc.
Standards.
EN 1993-1-8, which covers the design of joints in the design of steel structures, defines a set of provisions for welding structural steel.

</doc>
<doc id="9833401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833401" title="War of 1812 Museum (Plattsburgh)">
War of 1812 Museum (Plattsburgh)

The War of 1812 museum is a museum in Plattsburgh, New York dedicated to exploring the causes and effects of the War of 1812 and the Battle of Plattsburgh. The museum is run by the Battle of Plattsburgh Association.
The building has an Interpretive Center that features artifacts and graphic panels centered around a diorama depicting the battle. It also contains an exhibition area with rotating exhibits about the War of 1812. The museum hosts the Key Bank Gallery, which contains the paintings "Close Action" by Dean Mosher, and "Battle of Lake Champlain" by Julian Oliver Davidson. The museum is the caretaker of the original bronze plaques from the "Soldiers and Sailors Monument" on nearby Crab Island which are also on display in the gallery and were re-dedicated there in 2006. Group tours are available by appointment. A History Shop sells War of 1812 related items.

</doc>
<doc id="9833424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833424" title="The Glen High School">
The Glen High School

The Glen High School is a public, English medium co-ed high school located in Waterkloof Glen, Pretoria, in the Gauteng province of South Africa. The school has around 1000 pupils.
The school grounds also includes a second campus which is opposite the school on the main side which has been set aside for development.
Scottish background.
The Glen High School has a very Scottish background and the Heads Of Clans have a kilt as part of their uniform. The President, Deputy-President, Treasurer and Secretary wear tartan ties. 
Clans.
The school is divided into four clans. Each clan has their own colour, song and motto. Each clan has two heads of clan, one male and one female. The clans each have a clan evening once a year where they perform a "One Act Play" and various skits. The clans also compete in sports such as athletics, swimming, basketball and tennis. The clans are:
Sport.
Sport is not compulsory, as the school believes that the success and enjoyment is with voluntary participation. However, the grade 8 learners are expected to attend most of the sport meetings as spectators. 
Sporting facilities include a 25 metre swimming pool, athletics grounds, several tennis and squash courts, a basketball court (indoor and outdoor), a rock-climbing wall and hockey fields.
The School offers the following sports: 
The Glen High School is part of the Pretoria English Medium High Schools Athletics Association (PEMHSAA) which is good spirited rivalry between all the Co-ed Government Schools in Pretoria. The Schools have three meetings held a year including the Swimming Gala (held at Hillcrest Swimming Pool), Cross Country (held at the host school) and an Athletics meeting (held at Pilditch Stadium). Other schools participating in PEMHSAA are: 
Council Of Pupils.
The school has a student body run by Mrs. G.E. Caveney and a Council Of Pupils (COP). An annual election is held in August for the following year's council members. The students are led by the president and a deputy president. There are a dozen student-led committees.
Notable alumni.
Past students of The Glen High School are called Glenwegians.
The School song.
The school song is "The Glen Air":
"Hark when the Glen is singing,
"Hear, hear our voices ringing,
"Loudly and proudly singing,
"Praise of our school",
"There's where we're taught our duty".
"Pride in our country's beauty"
"Honour, sincerity,"
"Obedience to rule.
"Striving for all the things,
"Justice and mercy brings,
"Long may our proud standards
"loyally remain.
"School of our high endeavour,
"School of our youth together
"School of our hearts forever
"Honour its name
"Hark when the Glen is singing,
"Hear, hear our voices ringing,
"Loudly and proudly singing,
"Praise of our school",
"There's where we're taught our duty".
"Pride in our country's beauty"
"Honour, sincerity,"
"Obedience to rule.
"Striving for all the things,
"Justice and mercy brings,
"Long may our proud standards
" loyally remain.
"School of our high endeavour,
"School of our youth together
"School of our hearts forever
"Honour THE GLEN"

</doc>
<doc id="9833436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833436" title="Marty Munsch">
Marty Munsch

Marty Munsch is an American music producer. Munsch has worked extensively with punk rock bands, both as a producer and a recording engineer. Munsch founded Punk Rock Records in 1983 and Northern Front Records in 1987, which released material by U.S. Chaos. Munsch has also produced several LP's and singles for Violent Society, The Suspects and The Broken Heroes. 

</doc>
<doc id="9833441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833441" title="SteamRail Wanganui">
SteamRail Wanganui

SteamRail Wanganui is a railway preservation society based in Wanganui, New Zealand. It owns heritage railway locomotives, rolling stock, and structures in the Wanganui area. It also operates occasional excursions in conjunction with other societies and provides a base for excursions passing through Wanganui to stop and visit while replenishing supplies. Its goal is to establish a railway precinct in Wanganui as a historical and tourist attraction.
Society history and infrastructure.
The society was formed around 1990 with the express goal of restoring the old Wanganui turntable, which was then facing scrap. SteamRail Wanganui successfully saved the turntable and restored it over a period of three years with the assistance of Steam Incorporated. The first locomotive to use it was Steam Incorporated's KA 945 and the turntable now sees daily use by regular trains, as well as occasional use by visiting excursions. The society subsequently acquired other railway infrastructure in the Wanganui area, including the Aramoho signal box, East Town Workshops staff buildings, and a shed converted into a storage depot for the society's rolling stock.
Locomotives.
The organisation possesses three small diesel locomotives, all of which were used in private industrial service rather than by the New Zealand Railways Department. They are:
Rolling stock.
The society has a small collection of general freight wagons and "way and works" rolling stock, including fuel tankers, box wagons, and a railway crane. In addition, they possess a passenger wagon rescued from a farmer's field outside Wanganui. It is one of only three built at the Petone Workshops in 1896 and is believed to be the only one of its type to still exist. It is currently partly restored with the goal of returning it to its original condition.

</doc>
<doc id="9833447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833447" title="East Pakistan Central Peace Committee">
East Pakistan Central Peace Committee

East Pakistan Central Peace Committee () (), commonly known as the Peace Committee or Shanti committee, was one of several committees formed in East Pakistan(present-day Bangladesh) in 1971 by the Pakistan Army to aid its efforts in crushing the rebellion for Bangladesh independence. Ghulam Azam, as a leader of Jamaat-e-Islami, led the formation of the Shanti Committee to thwart the Mukti Bahini who fought for the independence of Bangladesh.
Background.
On March 25, 1971, the liberation war began. On 4 April 1971, twelve pro-Pakistan leaders, including Nurul Amin, Ghulam Azam and Khwaja Khairuddin, met General Tikka Khan of the Pakistan Army and assured him of cooperation in opposing the rebellion. After the meeting, the right-wing leadership announced the formation of the Citizen Peace Committee, with 140 members to restore peace or shanti in the East Pakistan. Khwaja Khairuddin called a meeting in Dhaka on 9 April 1971. The Shanti Committee has also been alleged to have recruited Razakars. The first recruits included 96 Jamaat party members, who started training in an Ansar camp at Shahjahan Ali Road, Khulna.
The leaders called on citizens of Pakistan to defend their country from Indian aggression, as India was supporting the Bangladesh liberation movement. The Peace Committee organized a rally from Baitul Mukarram to Chawk Bazar Mosque on 13 April. The rally was to end with a meeting near New Market. At the end of the rally, participants began rioting in Azimpur, Shantinagar and Shankharibazar areas. They set fire to the houses of known pro-liberation people and killed some.
On 14 April at a meeting in Dhaka, the Citizen Peace Committee renamed itself as the East Pakistan Central Peace Committee. A working committee was formed consisting of 21 members. They set up an office in Maghbazar. The Peace Committee appointed one or more liaison officers for the different police station areas of Dhaka. On April 17, 1971, the members of the peace committee apprised Governor Tikka Khan of the progress made by them toward restoring normalcy and confidence among the citizens. The central peace committee was being deputed to the district and divisional headquarters throughout east Pakistan. The peace committee in Munshiganj gave a grand reception to the West Pakistani militaries on May 11, 1971.
According to the historian Azadur Rahman Chandan in his 2011 book about the war, the Peace Committee was the first organization to be set up by local residents who collaborated with Pakistan. Its members were drawn from the political parties of the Muslim League and Jamaat-e-Islami, which thought an independent Bangladesh was against Islam; as well as the Urdu-speaking Biharis.
On 25 March 1971, after the liberation war began, the Pakistani Military Force needed help from the local people to crush the rebellion. They formed the Shanti committee, whose members were to help identify areas of fighters, develop social reform and act as guides as well as fighters. The Committee worked against Mukti Bahini and the Indian Army, and together with the paramilitary forces Al-Badr, Razakar and Al-Shams.
Abolition.
On 16 December 1971, after the end of the War, the Committee was abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="9833453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833453" title="Arthur Gore, 6th Earl of Arran">
Arthur Gore, 6th Earl of Arran

Arthur Jocelyn Charles Gore, 6th Earl of Arran, KP, PC (14 September 1868 – 19 December 1958), known as Viscount Sudley from 1884 to 1901, was an Anglo-Irish peer and soldier.
Biography.
Arran was the only son of Arthur Saunders Gore, 5th Earl of Arran, and Lady Edith Elizabeth Henrietta Jocelyn.
He fought with the Royal Horse Guards in the Second Boer War 1899-1900, and was promoted a brevet Major in November 1900. He later fought in the First World War and achieved the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
He was a Justice of the Peace for Hertfordshire, County Louth and County Mayo, a Deputy Lieutenant of County Mayo and Essex and served as Lord Lieutenant of County Donegal from 1917 to 1920. He was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick in 1909 and admitted to the Irish Privy Council in 1917.
Lord Arran married, firstly, Maud Jacqueline Marie Beauclerk van Kattendyke, daughter of Huyssen van Kattendyke, 3rd Baron van Kattendyke, in 1902. After her death in 1927 he married, secondly, Lilian Constance Quick, daughter of Joseph Quick, in 1929. Lord Arran died in December 1958, aged 90, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son Arthur. Lady Arran died in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="9833457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833457" title="Dattaram Maruti Mirasdar">
Dattaram Maruti Mirasdar

Dattaram Maruti Mirasdar (Devanagari: दत्ताराम मारुती मिरासदार) (born 1927) is a Marathi writer and narrator principally of humorous stories. He hails from Pandharpur(Maharashtra). 
Many of Mirasdar's humorous stories revolve around village life in Maharashtra. However, some of his stories concern the serious social issues and lives of the poor living in villages. His stories "Gavat", "Ranmanus", "Kone Eke Kali", "Bhavaki", "Hubehub", and "Sparsha" belong to the latter class. 
For some years, Shankar Patil, Vyankatesh Madgulkar, and Mirasdar jointly presented, in different towns in Maharashtra, highly popular public recitations of their short stories.
Mirasdar was a professor of Marathi in a college in Pune. He is currently the Acting President of "Maharashtra Sahitya Parishad", Pune.

</doc>
<doc id="9833462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833462" title="Ed Phelps">
Ed Phelps

Edward Jaykill Phelps (March 3, 1879 – January 31, 1942) born in Albany, New York was a Catcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1902–04, 1906–08), Cincinnati Reds (1905–06), St. Louis Cardinals (1909–1910) and Brooklyn Dodgers (1912–13).
He helped the Pirates win the 1902 and 1903 National League Pennants and played in the 1903 World Series.
In 11 seasons he played in 633 Games and had 1,832 At Bats, 186 Runs, 460 Hits, 45 Doubles, 20 Triples, 3 Home Runs, 205 RBI, 31 Stolen Bases, 163 Walks, .251 Batting Average, .325 On-base percentage, .302 Slugging Percentage, 554 Total Bases and 60 Sacrifice Hits.
He died in East Greenbush, New York at the age of 62.

</doc>
<doc id="9833485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833485" title="Story of Women">
Story of Women

Story of Women () is a 1988 French drama film directed by Claude Chabrol based on the true story of Marie-Louise Giraud, guillotined on July 30, 1943, for having performed 27 abortions in the Cherbourg area, and the book by Francis Szpiner.
The film premiered at the 45th Venice International Film Festival, in which Isabelle Huppert was awarded the prize for best actress. It has been cited as a favorite by filmmaker John Waters, who presented it as his annual selection within the 2008 Maryland Film Festival.
Plot.
Under the German military administration in occupied France during World War II. Paul Latour is a prisoner of war in Germany and his wife Marie lives hand-to-mouth with their two children in a squalid flat. A neighbour, whose husband is also in Germany, has fallen pregnant and is trying to lose the baby. Marie helps her, successfully. Other women come to her and she starts charging.
Then her husband returns, but she will not resume relations. Although he cannot find work, he rents a bigger flat so that the two can have some privacy. Marie not only has more space for her illicit business but lets a prostitute use a room during the day. She also starts a daytime affair with a collaborator.
When one of the abortions goes wrong, the woman dies and her despairing husband commits suicide. Marie shrugs off the tragedy and hires a maid to help, suggesting that part of her duties can be to sleep with Paul. In despair, he sends an anonymous denunciation to the police.
A recent law of the Vichy régime, determined to enforce morality and stop population decline, has made abortion a treasonable crime. Marie is condemned to death and guillotined.
Awards.
In 1988, Isabelle Huppert won the Best Actress award at the Valladolid International Film Festival and the Volpi Cup at the Venice Film Festival. In 1989, the film won the Golden Precolumbian Circle at the Bogota Film Festival, the LAFCA Award at the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards, the NBR Award at the National Board of Review, USA and the NYFCC Award at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards. In 1990 it won the Sant Jordi Award, the Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Foreign Film and was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film.

</doc>
<doc id="9833509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833509" title="CX3CR1">
CX3CR1

CX3C chemokine receptor 1 (CX3CR1) also known as the fractalkine receptor or G-protein coupled receptor 13 (GPR13) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CX3CR1" gene. As the name suggests, this receptor binds the chemokine CX3CL1 (also called neurotactin or fractalkine). 
Function.
Fractalkine is a transmembrane protein and chemokine involved in the adhesion and migration of leukocytes. The protein encoded by this gene is a receptor for fractalkine.
Expression of this receptor appears to be associated with lymphocytes. CX3CR1 is also expressed by monocytes and plays a major role in the survival of monocytes.
Fractalkine has also recently been discovered to play a developmental role in the migration of microglia in the central nervous system to their synaptic targets, where phagocytosis and synaptic refinement occur. CX3CR1 knockout mice had more synapses on cortical neurons than wild-type mice.
Clinical significance.
CX3CR1 also is a coreceptor for HIV-1, and some variations in this gene lead to increased susceptibility to HIV-1 infection and rapid progression to AIDS. 
CX3CR1 variants have been described to modify the survival time and the progression rate of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 

</doc>
<doc id="9833531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833531" title="XCR1">
XCR1

The "C" sub-family of chemokine receptors contains only one member: XCR1, the receptor for XCL1 and XCL2 (or lymphotactin-1 and -2). 
XCR1 is also known as GPR5.

</doc>
<doc id="9833554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833554" title="Sigfred">
Sigfred

Sigfred was possibly the second official king of Denmark whose reign started no later than the 770s and ended around 800. The precise dates remains unknown.
He was most likely the father of Gudfred, who later reigned as king of Denmark. 
It has been theorized that his father was Ongendus, or Angantyr, generally believed to have been the first king of Denmark, which is problematic because there is half a century between them.

</doc>
<doc id="9833578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833578" title="CXC chemokine receptors">
CXC chemokine receptors

CXC chemokine receptors are integral membrane proteins that specifically bind and respond to cytokines of the CXC chemokine family. They represent one subfamily of chemokine receptors, a large family of G protein-linked receptors that are known as seven transmembrane (7-TM) proteins, since they span the cell membrane seven times. There are currently seven known CXC chemokine receptors in mammals, named CXCR1 through CXCR7.
CXCR1 and CXCR2.
CXCR1 and CXCR2 are closely related receptors that recognize CXC chemokines that possess an E-L-R amino acid motif immediately adjacent to their CXC motif. CXCL8 (otherwise known as interleukin-8) and CXCL6 can both bind CXCR1 in humans, while all other ELR-positive chemokines, such as CXCL1 to CXCL7 bind only CXCR2. They are both expressed on the surface of neutrophils in mammals.
CXCR3.
CXCR3 is expressed predominantly on T lymphocytes, and also on other lymphocytes (some B cells and NK cells) and is highly induced following cell activation. There are two isoforms, CXCR3-A and CXCR3-B. It has three highly related ligands in mammals, CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL11.
CXCR4.
CXCR4 (also known as fusin) is the receptor for a chemokine known as CXCL12 (or SDF-1) and, as with CCR5, is utilized by HIV-1 to gain entry into target cells. This receptor has a wide cellular distribution, with expression on most immature and mature hematopoietic cell types (e.g. neutrophils, monocytes, T and B cells, dendritic cells, Langerhans cells and macrophages). In addition, CXCR4 can also be found on vascular endothelial cells and neuronal/nerve cells.
CXCR5.
The chemokine receptor CXCR5 is selectively expressed on B cells and is involved in lymphocyte homing and the development of normal lymphoid tissue. Its principle ligand is CXCL13 (or BLC).
CXCR6.
CXCR6 was formerly called three different names (STRL33, BONZO, and TYMSTR) before being assigned CXCR6 based on its chromosomal location (within the chemokine receptor cluster on human chromosome 3p21) and its similarity to other chemokine receptors in its gene sequence. CXCR6 binds the ligand CXCL16. However, CXCR6 is more closely related in structure to CC chemokine receptors than to other CXC chemokine receptors.
CXCR7.
CXCR7 was originally called RDC-1 (an orphan receptor) but has since been shown to cause chemotaxis in T lymphocytes in response to CXCL12 (the ligand for CXCR4) prompting the renaming of this molecule as CXCR7. There is no information publicly available to confirm whether this designation has been accepted by the IUIS/WHO Subcommittee on Chemokine Nomenclature at this time. This receptor has also been identified on memory B cells.

</doc>
<doc id="9833579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833579" title="Stag-moose">
Stag-moose

The stag-moose ("Cervalces scotti") was a large, moose-like deer of North America during the Pleistocene epoch. It is the only known North American member of the genus "Cervalces". It was slightly larger than the moose, with an elk-like head, long legs, and complex, palmate antlers. "Cervalces scotti" reached in height and a weight of . The species went extinct approximately 11,500 years ago, toward the end of the most recent ice age, as part of a mass extinction of large North American mammals.
The first evidence of the stag-moose found in modern times was discovered at Big Bone Lick, Kentucky by William Clark, "circa" 1805. A more complete skeleton was found in 1885 by William Barryman Scott in New Jersey. Mummified remains have also been found.
The stag-moose frequented wetlands in a range from southern Canada to Arkansas and from Iowa to New Jersey. As the glaciers retreated, moose (which had crossed the Bering land bridge from Asia) may have populated its habitat and caused its extinction by competition. Although there is no paleontological evidence that it was associated with humans, other theories for its extinction have been proposed. Notably, there is speculation that hunting by newly arrived humans caused the extinction of the stag-moose and other large mammals. Additionally, some have proposed a sudden extinction by disease, brought by small mammals in association with humans.

</doc>
<doc id="9833587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833587" title="CC chemokine receptors">
CC chemokine receptors

CC chemokine receptors (or beta chemokine receptors) are integral membrane proteins that specifically bind and respond to cytokines of the CC chemokine family. They represent one subfamily of chemokine receptors, a large family of G protein-linked receptors that are known as seven transmembrane (7-TM) proteins since they span the cell membrane seven times. To date, ten true members of the CC chemokine receptor subfamily have been described. These are named CCR1 to CCR10 according to the IUIS/WHO Subcommittee on Chemokine Nomenclature.
Mechanism.
The CC chemokine receptors all work by activating the G protein Gi.
Types.
CCR1.
CCR1 was the first CC chemokine receptor identified and binds multiple inflammatory/inducible (see inducible gene) CC chemokines (including CCL4, CCL5, CCL6, CCL14, CCL15, CCL16 and CCL23). In humans, this receptor can be found on peripheral blood lymphocytes and monocytes. There is some suggestion that this chemokine receptor is restricted to memory T-cells within the lymphocyte pool. This receptor is also designated cluster of differentiation marker CD191.
CCR2.
CCR2 can interact with CCL2, CCL8 and CCL16 and has been identified on the surface of monocytes, activated memory T cells, B cells, and basophils in humans, and also in peritoneal macrophages in mice. CCR2 is also designated CD192.
CCR3.
CCR3 is a receptor for multiple inflammatory/inducible CC chemokines, including CCL11, CCL26, CCL7, CCL13, CCL15, CCL24 and CCL5 that attract eosinophils, and CCL28 that attracts B and T lymphocytes to mucosal tissues. It is most highly expressed in both eosinophils and basophils, but can also be found in Th1 and Th2 cells and airway epithelial cells. Thus CCR3 plays a role in allergic reactions. CCR3 is also known as CD193.
CCR4.
CCR4 is expressed on Th2 T lymphocytes and is up-regulated by T cell receptor activation. However, some reports suggest a role for this receptor also in trafficking of dendritic cells. The CC chemokines CCL3, CCL5, CCL17 and CCL22 signal through this receptor.
CCR5.
CCR5 is expressed on several cell types including peripheral blood-derived dendritic cells, CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells and certain activated/memory Th1 lymphocytes. This receptor is well defined as a major coreceptor implicated in susceptibility to HIV-1 infection and disease. This receptor has several CC chemokine ligands including CCL2, CCL3, CCL4, CCL5, CCL11, CCL13, CCL14 and CCL16.
CCR6.
CCR6, a receptor for CCL20, is expressed on unactivated memory T-cells and some dendritic cells. CCR6 is also expressed on Th17 cells. CCR6 is down-regulated in activated T-cells.
CCR7.
CCR7 is a highly important receptor with a role in trafficking of B and T lymphocytes and dendritic cells to and across high endothelial venules and positioning those cells correctly in T cell zones of secondary lymphoid organs. Its ligands include the related chemokines CCL19 and CCL21, (previously called ELC and SLC).
CCR8.
CCR8 is associated with Th2 lymphocytes and is therefore found predominantly in the thymus (in humans) although some expression can be found in the brain, spleen, lymph node, and monocytes at the nucleotide level. The ligands for this receptor are CCL1 and CCL16.
CCR9.
CCR9 was previously called orphan receptor GPR 9-6 and is very highly expressed in thymus (on both immature and mature T-cells) while low in lymph nodes and spleen. CCR9 is also abundant in the gut, with its expression associated with T cells of the intestine. The specific ligand of this receptor is CCL25. To note, the chemokine binding protein D6 had previously been named CCR9, but this molecule is a scavenger receptor not a true (signaling) chemokine receptor.
CCR10.
CCR10 is receptor for CCL27 and CCL28 that was originally called orphan receptor GPR2. CCR10 has been implicated in inflammation of the skin, and has been shown to recruit regulatory T cells (Tregs) to mucosal layers.
CCR11.
This molecule was originally designated CCR11 due to its ability to bind several CC chemokines (including CCL19, CCL21 and CCL25) and its structural similarity to chemokine receptors. However, due to the inability of this molecule (also known as CCRL1 and CCX CKR) to generate a signal following ligand interaction, it has been suggested that it is a scavenger receptor for chemokines and not a bonafide chemokine receptor. Thus CCRL1 should not be called CCR11 under the guidelines of the IUIS/WHO Subcommittee on Chemokine Nomenclature.

</doc>
<doc id="9833621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833621" title="Víctor Hugo Mareco">
Víctor Hugo Mareco

Víctor Hugo Mareco (born 26 February 1984 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football defender. He currently plays for Club Cerro Porteño. He was the Brescia Calcio's long serving defender who spent ten years with the Italian club.
Mareco played for Paraguay at the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship and the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Paraguay.
He made his international debut for Paraguay in 2012 vs USA.)
External links.
http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victor_Mareco

</doc>
<doc id="9833634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833634" title="Alice Milliat">
Alice Milliat

Alice Milliat (born Nantes, 1884 - died 1957) was a pioneer of women's sport in France and around the world. Her lobbying on behalf of female athletes forced the inclusion of women's events in the Olympic Games.
Milliat, a translator by profession participated in the sport of rowing.
A member of Femina Sport, a club founded in 1911, she helped form the Federation Francaise Sportive Feminine in 1917, becoming treasurer and later president. In 1921 she organized the first international women's sporting event in Monte Carlo.
Formation of the FSFI.
On 31 October 1921, Milliat formed La Fédération Sportive Féminine Internationale (FSFI) to oversight international women's sporting events. In response to the refusal of the IAAF to include women's track and field athletics events in the 1924 Olympic Games, the FSFI decided to hold a Women's Olympic Games in 1922.
Women's World Games.
The first Women's Olympics were conducted in Paris and featured five teams including the United States, Great Britain, Switzerland, Czechoslovakia as well as the host country France. 
Eleven athletics events were conducted and the 20,000 strong crowd saw eighteen athletes break world records.
Infuriated by the use of the term 'Olympic Games' the IOC convinced Milliat and the FSFI to change the name of their event in exchange for adding 10 women's events to the 1928 Olympics.
As such, the next edition of the event, held in Gothenburg, Sweden in 1926, was termed the Women's World Games. Ten teams took part in this edition of the Games.
Two further Games were held in Prague in 1930 (featuring other sports in addition to athletics) and in London in 1934 before the FSFI was forced to hand over control of international women's athletics to the IAAF.
Football (Soccer).
In 1920 Milliat assembled a football "(Soccer)" team of women from Paris that toured the UK and played the Dick, Kerr's Ladies on behalf of France in the world first internationally recognised Women's Football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9833642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833642" title="Post tenebras lux">
Post tenebras lux

Post tenebras lux is a Latin phrase translated as "Light After Darkness". It appears as Post tenebras spero lucem ("After darkness, I hope for light") in the Vulgate version of Job 17:12.
11 dies mei transierunt cogitationes meae dissipatae sunt torquentes cor meum
12 noctem verterunt in diem et rursum post tenebras spero lucem
13 si sustinuero infernus domus mea est in tenebris stravi lectulum meum</ref>
The phrase came to be adopted as the Calvinist motto, and was subsequently adopted as the motto of the entire Protestant Reformation. It is used by John Calvin's adopted city of Geneva, Switzerland on their coins. As a mark of its role in the Calvinist movement, the motto is engraved on the Reformation Wall, in Geneva, and the Huguenot Monument, in Franschhoek, South Africa.
In the form "Post tenebras spero lucem", the motto appears in Part II of Cervantes' "Don Quixote", and features on the title pages of the first editions of both Parts I and II, published by Juan de la Cuesta in 1605 and 1615 respectively.
"Post tenebras lux" was formerly the state motto of Chile, before being replaced by the Spanish "Por la razón o la fuerza" ("By reason or by force"). 
It is/was the motto of:

</doc>
<doc id="9833735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833735" title="Services Hospital">
Services Hospital

Services Hospital is located on Jail Road Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan just next to the race course park and is the teaching hospital of Services Institute of Medical Sciences. It is recognized by the Pakistan Medical and Dental Council, for under-grad as well as by College of Physicians and Surgeons for post graduate training.
History.
Services.
Initially established in 1958 with 60 beds to provide basic health facilities to the government employees, the hospital has expanded considerably and has been totally transformed over the years. This change started when it was declared as a teaching hospital attached to AIMC in 1977. Today its 1196 beds are located in 31 departments, with 27 major operation theaters and 8 minor OTs and an out patient attendance of 700 patients (on an average) per day. Fiscal constraints have led to seeking out alternative avenues of funding including philanthropic support. Changing the emphasis to preventive work is encouraged notably in the Paediatrics department to avert unnecessary infant and child deaths due to pneumonia, malnutrition, diarrhea or vaccine-preventable illnesses. Major effort is made to control major communicable diseases such as Tuberculosis, Malaria, viral Hepatitis B & C, HIV/AIDS and Dengue with the help of department of infectious diseases headed by Prof. Sobia Qazi (Diplomat American Board of Infectious diseases). Attempts are being made to keep the services of this tertiary care institution in line with the latest technological advances while keeping the demands within the tight fiscal resources. If financial autonomy is given in the true sense, service delivery is likely to improve further. Sophisticated laboratory and radiographical procedures, investigations and examinations are performed totally free for all the patients admitted in the hospital and in A&E department.
Recent developments.
Efficiency of an organization improves in tandem with the improvement of infra-structure and of the working environment. Although since 2004 numerous efforts have resulted in
The aging infra-structure remains severely overstretched resulting in electrical overload and fire accidents.
Hospital automation and Electronic Medical Record EMR.
IT is the key for effective, accurate and timely collection of data which is valuable and critical for information dependent decision making and administrative surveillance of work flow and personnel. The IT infrastructure developments during last five years are as under:
Laying of fiber-optic back bone for connecting widely dispersed departments with heavy band width requirement for example Radiology imaging.
Provision of dispersed servers with triple tier backup and redundancies, an essential requirement for disaster management and data recovery - an essential prerequisite while providing time critical health services.
Imparting IT training of all the administrative staff to achieve proficiency in IT intensive management environment and use of HIMS tools for data collection and decision making.
IT training of all para-medics and nursing staff to improve efficiency and organizational control. Currently, all doctors, para-medics and nurses are fully trained in computer operation and can efficiently operate Hospital Information Management System (HIMS) – developed and deployed by a team of three developers headed by Prof. Faisal Masud.
It is an end-to-end, integrated Solution, covering entire business cycle: patient management - (Registration, bed allocation, recording the vitals, online pathology tests, online radiological studies, Diagnosis, Prescription, Pharmacy, Discharge, etc.), service management (Ward management, M&R complaints, laundry management, inventory control and management, asset management, transport management) and HR management through the following Modules:
The biometric attendance is linked to the HRM and Payroll. This has eliminated the ghost employees and has ensured the presence of workers at the right place at the right time. These modules are now operative in all clinical departments, diagnostics, radiology, finance, Inventory control, CSSD, Laundry, electricity generation, Operation theaters, Accident & emergency department, Social welfare and Zakat department and Local purchase. Integration of distant dispensaries is underway and one at the high court has already been integrated in the process.
In 2012 Hospital Information Software version 2 and EMR was rolled out. Soft ware is compliant with latest needs of the doctors and provides ease of use, modular structure and fast speeds.
Medical Examination Department (MED).
Services hospital provides a unique service of medical examination and declaration of fitness prior to recruitment. Manual system, in use before 2006, was riddled with loopholes and chances of fake and blatantly forged certificates were rife. To overcome this drawback a secure system of computer based data entry and bar-code based sample collection with opaque intersections were created, certificates were modified to have security features to prevent forgery. Since its launch complaints have plummeted and the confidence of the clients have increased to an extent that even foreign embassies accept medical certifications issued by Services Hospital.
Maintenance and Repair Department (M&R).
It is housed in a newly constructed three storied building with purpose built work benches and machinery for maintanince and repair. It is connected to each unit through Hospital Information Management System (HIMS) for on line complaint recording and redressal.
Endocrine Unit and Diabetes management center (EU & DMC).
EU & DMC is a purpose built facility to cater for the needs of diabetes and endocrine disorders. It was established in 2002 by Prof. Faisal Masud as diabetes clinic and latter on shifted to its present purpose built site. The project was conceived, planned and executed, entirely by him. It was completed in 2 years, at a cost of 30 million, contributed as donation, by him, his family and his philanthropist friends. The creation of the center was a revolutionary concept in the public health sector, as it was envisaged as a self-sustaining autonomous project under the umbrella of a public sector organization. Over the years the centre has managed to sustain this economic model by increasing the turn-over of patients and improving turnaround time per patient seen. Current turnover at DMC is around 200 patients daily. It provides advanced diagnostic / treatment facilities to the poor at a very nominal cost. this makes it one of the best and most caring centres in the world. The facility is headed by legendary lecturer Dr. Khadija Irfan.
DMC is a state of the art facility, set up in a purpose-built building, equipped with latest diagnostic equipment, run on most modern technology and managed by highly dedicated, competent and efficient medical professionals trained in the field of diabetes and endocrinology. It is the only center in Pakistan with comprehensive computerized, Patient Management System - using AI - for record-keeping and follow-up. This is a fully integrated modular system. Trends of symptoms and complications are charted at each visit. Currently, 300 parameters are logged for each patient, enabling appropriate decisions-making and uniform treatment. It is the first “intelligent medical system” in use in Pakistan, recognizing complications, adverse drug reactions and then recommending appropriate management decisions for the doctor to accept or reject. DMC has an extensive database of more than 100,000 patients, the biggest in Pakistan, for research in Endocrinology. 
Over the years, this extensive patient registry has proved to be an invaluable research resource, enabling its participation in several international multicenter drug trials. DMC has won international acclaim from the auditors and researchers among the international participants in the AVT 105913 (research) study in which it was marked as the top achiever in the quality and efficiency. As a result, two more international research offers were granted (AVD 111960 and AVD 111179) which are under progress at the center. 
The center has achieved excellence in undergraduate and postgraduate medical instruction. This was recognized by the University of Health Sciences, Lahore, for training leading to MD in endocrinology and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Pakistan, for training leading to fellowship in endocrinology. This department was the first center which started the fellowship programme in the field of endocrinology. Currently, three foreign graduates are registered for postgraduate training in the field of endocrinology in the department.
Diabetes, with its huge disease burden, not only results in increased morbidity and mortality of the population but also reduces the earning time span of the patient. Provision of quality medical service at fraction of the cost, would substantially reduce the morbidity and end stage disease.
Endocrinology services.
Endocrinology Unit is committed to providing the highest level of care for the full spectrum of endocrine disorders. It has started a number of multidisciplinary and subspeciality clinics offering comprehensive outpatient and inpatient services for a wide range of endocrine and metabolic diseases including:
Endocrinology clinics.
To ensure proper care and follow-up of our patients, specialized endocrine clinics are held daily. 
"THYROID CLINIC"
A multidisciplinary clinic for the diagnosis and management of all thyroid disorders, it was initially started on a weekly basis but as the number of thyroid patients has increased steadily, thyroid clinic is now held thrice weekly to accommodate them. A total of 550 patients with thyroid problems are currently registered with the unit. It operates in collaboration with the Nuclear Medicine department of INMOL and CENUM. Several procedures are undertaken including ultrasound of neck and FNAC thyroid in collaboration with Radiology department.
"VIRILISATION AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH CLINIC"
Weekly clinic provides guidance and support to patients with reproductive health and currently has 200 patients enrolled. It offers diagnostic and treatment facilities like induction of puberty in hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, evaluation of infertility, workup of Polycystic ovarian syndrome.
"OBESITY AND METABOLIC CLINIC"
The clinic is held on Friday every week and evaluates patients with varying degrees of obesity, provides expert dietary advise and appropriate psychological support and counseling as well as patient education. 300 patients so far are registered with the clinic. We liase with the Bariatric surgery Unit, Surgical unit 4 for management of patients with morbid obesity. The clinic offers a number of facilities like Nutrition evaluation with computer-based softwareIndirect calorimeter, fully furnished metabolic kitchen for diet and menu planning, analysis and demonstration.
"PITUITARY AND GROWTH CLINIC"
Patients with pituitary gland problems, adenoms, growth retardation etc. are seen on Saturday every week with 140 patients registered with this clinic so far. Dynamic pituitary tests including insulin tolerance test, Water deprivation test are conducted with full protocol. It works in collaboration with eye department and neurosurgery for treatment e.g. of pituitary adenomas and with Radiology department for imaging interpretation.
"ADRENAL CLINIC"
Patients with adrenal-related disorders like Addison’s disease, Cushing’ syndrome, phaeochromocytoma, Conn’s syndrome are also assessed weekly. Till date, 50 patients of adrenal disorders are enrolled with the clinic. Procedure under taken include CRH testing,dexamethasone suppression test, Synacthen test. Research Project: Cortisol hypersensitivity syndrome in collaboration with a Dutch team.
"PARATHYROID AND BONE CLINIC"
The clinic is held every Wednesday to assess patients with conditions like parathyroid adenoms, primary and secondary hyperparathyroidism, hypoparathyroidism. A number of patients with various parathyroid disorders are registered so far with the clinic. Procedures undertaken include Heel densitometry,VAS scoring for shin tenderness, DEXA scan in collaboration with CENUM. Ongoin research project is estimation of bone mineral density (BMD) in vitamin.D deficient patients
Department of Medicine.
Department of Internal medicine is geared to provide a foundation on which allied medical specialties can be built upon. As a first point of contact for any patient who seeks a medical advice as an out-patient or in accident & emergency department the internist is trained to have a holistic approach towards a patient, analyzing various health related issues and seek advice from his supervisors and other colleagues with highly specialized skills to offer comprehensive and best possible management plan for the patient.The internal medicine department comprises five medical units including four postgraduate teaching units and one specialist medical unit. Each unit has its independent working team of consultants with their own special interests including gastroenterology, nephrology and rheumatology etc. They are assisted by senior registrars and post graduate trainee registrars and house officers. Each medical unit has capacity of 40 beds with 36 hours emergency and 12 hours outpatient working rota per week. Although its a nominal capacity, occupancy rate is often more than 100% by addition of beds. Huge patient turn over in A&E department often forces a rapid patient turnover compromising the ability of the teacher to demonstrate disease evolution to the patient.
Department of Surgery.
There are four teaching surgical units, each with its own specialized field of interest.
Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Department of O&G consists of three teaching and one non-teaching units of 50 beds each. Demand for services provided often far exceeds the supply resulting in long waiting list for elective procedures.
Department of Pediatric Medicine.
This department has two teaching units and a dedicated nursery to cater for the babies in need of intensive treatment. Nursery is often over-crowded and suffered a fire accident resulting in death of numerous new-born babies.
Department of Orthopedics.
Is a professorial unit with 50 beds. It is recognized for training leading unto FCPS orthopedics.
Department of Diagnostic Radiology.
This department has a professorial unit and a specialist unit. Together they provide diagnostic facilities ranging fron CT scan, ultrasound, Doppler studies, fluoroscopy as well as routine radiological services.
School of Nursing at Services Hospital Lahore.
School of Nursing is situated just next to the hospital and has dedicated teaching staff, some of them are with BSc and MSc degrees in nursing.It takes on students every year for a three year training program leading to a diploma in nursing.
The objective is to produce dedicated healthcare profession focused on the care of individuals, families, and communities. This school is supervised by Pakistan Nursing Council. PNC provides registration (license) to Nurses, Midwives, Lady Health Visitors (LHVs) and Nursing Auxiliaries to practice in Pakistan. The PNC is an autonomous, regulatory body to register (license) Nurses, Midwives, Lady Health Visitors (LHVs) and Nursing Auxiliaries to practice in Pakistan. PNC was established in 1948.
Planned future developments

</doc>
<doc id="9833742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833742" title="The Moon and the Sun">
The Moon and the Sun

The Moon and the Sun 
by Vonda N. McIntyre was published in 1997. The book combines two major genres: science fiction and historical romance (also known as alternate history). It won the Intergalactic Award for Best Novel in 1997 and has recently been chosen to be adapted into a film. The book also won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1997, beating out "A Game of Thrones" by George R. R. Martin. The novel was inspired by the short story (written in the form of a faux-encyclopedia article) "The Natural History and Extinction of the People of the Sea", also by McIntyre, which was illustrated by fellow author Ursula K. Le Guin. 
Plot summary.
Set in 17th century France at the court of the Sun King, King Louis XIV, the young, colony-raised, naive Mademoiselle Marie-Josèphe de la Croix is the lady-in-waiting to King Louis XIV's niece. Her brother, Father Yves de la Croix - a natural philosopher and explorer - has recently returned from a mission commissioned by the king: to bring back the endangered sea monster whose flesh is rumoured to give the consumer immortality. Father Yves brings back two specimens: one, a dead male sea monster covered in sawdust and ice; the other, a live female sea monster placed in the Apollo fountain in the Palace of Versailles. Acting as her brother's assistant, sketching the dead sea monster's dissection, and caring for the live specimen, Marie-Josèphe soon realizes the creature is not a sea monster, but a sea woman. Thus, Marie-Josèphe tries to convince the others at court, including her brother, that the sea woman is intelligent and hopefully free her. Unfortunately, only Marie-Josèphe can understand the sea woman (now called Sherzad) and her musical way of talking. As a result, the court - especially the men - ignore her. They bleed her for hysteria, the Pope openly shows outrage over the impropriety of her composing a cantata, and several court men harass her on the King's hunt. At the same time, her slave Odelette (really called Haleed) struggles to gain her freedom. Only, the stoic Count Lucien believes Marie-Josèphe about the sea woman, calmly taking the sea woman and Marie-Josèphe's scientific endeavors in stride. In order to save her own life, Sherzad, the sea monster, offers the king the location of a sunken treasure ship in return for her freedom. But despite the discovery of Spanish gold found from the wreck, the king intends to keep Sherzad and eat her, the lure of immortality being too strong. Marie-Josèphe and Count Lucien - who she has fallen in love with - plot secretly to release Sherzad, defying the pope, their king, and her brother. Their attempt fails, but Yves - finally realizing the Sherzad's conscientiousness and its repercussions on his actions - aid them in finally releasing Sherzad. In the end, Marie-Josèphe and Count Lucien are exiled, but Sherzad, who had declared vengeance on all humanity, showers them with forgotten sunken treasures in gratitude.
Film adaptation.
Cosmos Filmed Entertainment, in association with Bliss Media and Lightstream Pictures, will produce a film version of "The Moon and the Sun" in partnership with Kylin Network. Bill Mechanic of Pandemonium Films, James Pang ("Painted Skin 2"), Wei Han of Bliss Media and Paul Currie are also producing. The movie will starr Pierce Brosnan as King Louis XIV; Chinese movie star, Fan Bingbing, as the mermaid; Kaya Scodelario as Marie-Joséphe; and William Hurt as Pere de Chaise (a character created for the movie). Filming will take place in Melbourne, Australia in April 2014, with two weeks of filming also planned in Versailles, France. Mechanic wrote the screenplay with the help of Barry Berman, James Schamus, Ellen Harrington and Ron Bass. Sean McNamara ("Soul Surfer") is set to direct. The $40 million budget was co-financed by U.S. and Chinese sources. The film will be released by Universal's Focus Features in the U.S., while international sales will be handled by Good Universe.

</doc>
<doc id="9833759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833759" title="Džemijet">
Džemijet

National Turkish Organisation Džemijet ("Narodna turska organizacija Džemijet") was a political party of chiefly Albanians and Slavic Muslims in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes. It was formed in 1919. The party participated in the 1920 and 1923 elections, in which it elected 8 and 14 representatives respectively. In January 1925 the party's leader Ferhat Draga, an Albanian nationalist who had previously served as mayor of Mitrovica, was arrested and soon after the party was disbanded.
Name.
The official name of the party was "Islam Muhafazai Hukuk Cemiyeti" usually translated in English as "Islamic Association for the Defense of Justice" and "Society for the Preservation of Muslim Rights". It was popularly known by its abbreviated form: Xhemijet or Bashkimi in Albanian, Džemijet in Serbo-Croatian and Cemiyet in Turkish.
History.
Džemijet was founded in Skopje on December 18, 1919 with Nexhip Draga, who had been imprisoned in Belgrade during the Balkan Wars, as leader by Albanians, Slavic Muslims and Turks of Kosovo, Macedonia and Sandžak and Kenan Ziya from Bitola. Its program, included demands the protection of Muslim rights and the agrarian status of the Muslim landlords. Initially, the party followed a policy of moderation towards Serbian hegemonism within the kingdom and entered a coalition the Radical Party in the 1920 elections, in which it elected six deputies through a mixed-ticket and one-candidate system.
Prior to the 1923 elections, Nikola Pašić, Prime Minister and leader of the Radical Party, met with the leaders of in Skopje and bargained for their support in exchange for their participation in his government, which became necessary for his party as it after the elections without Džemijet and ethnic German party, no government could be formed. Pašić agreed to legalize Albanian-language schooling, while 1924 Džemijet requested the cancellation of the colonization programmes of Kosovo. As no requirements were met by Pašić, Džemijet voted against the proposed budget by the Radical Party in 1924. The opposition of the budget marked the breakdown of relations between the parties and Džemijet's eventual suppression and illegalization. Ferhat Draga, the new leader of the party, decided that the community's interests would be best represented through the formation of a wider anti-Belgrade opposition front with the Croatian Peasant Party, whose congress he attended in October 1924 for that purpose.
However, his views weren't supported by a minority group that sought continuation of a policy of unconditional compromise with the radical party. In the meantime, another faction that covertly advocated Albanian irredentism in Kosovo and Macedonia emerged. Later in 1924, Pašić sent his strongman Puniša Račić in Kosovo to organize with local Serb officials Džemijet's suppression. In January 1925, Ferhat Draga along and other prominent leaders and journalists of the party's journal were arrested. He was sentenced to twenty years in prison, later released and then arrested and sentenced again to twenty years in prison in 1927. That same year, a leading intellectual of the party Nazim Gafurri, who was outspoken about the electoral abuses in the region, was assassinated.
Activities.
In the Albanian-language schools as well as teaching in Albanian were banned and Albanians were allowed only to attend religious Muslim schools or secular Serbian-language ones. While trying to get legal recognition for the opening of Albanian-language schools in the parliament, the party also operated underground secular Albanian schools. After the party's ban, the school system continued with students smuggling Albanian books in Serbian schools and mullahs introducing Albanian secretly during religious courses.

</doc>
<doc id="9833775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833775" title="AFNOR">
AFNOR

Association Française de Normalisation (AFNOR) is the French national organization for standardization and its International Organization for Standardization member body.
The AFNOR Group develops its international standardization activities, information provision, certification and training through a network of key partners in France who are members of the association. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="9833785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833785" title="POPiS">
POPiS

POPiS was an anticipated coalition of Civic Platform (PO) and Law and Justice (PiS) in Polish local elections, 2002 and above all in the Polish parliamentary election, 2005. Following Law and Justice' victory at the 2005 elections, with Civic Platform achieving second place, the two parties attempted to negotiate a coalition agreement, but the negotiations fell through and the coalition never eventuated. In May 2006, Law and Justice instead successfully negotiated a coalition agreement with the controversial Samoobrona and League of Polish Families parties. 
Since the failed negotiations between the two parties in 2005/2006, the Civic Platform and Law and Justice have become bitter opponents. The Polish political scene has since been dominated by the rivalry of these two groups. The prospects of any collaboration between these two parties in the immediate future appear to be slight.
The Polish word "popis" means a 'show' or 'display', and is now used mostly in an ironic context.

</doc>
<doc id="9833788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833788" title="Shaun Longstaff">
Shaun Longstaff

Shaun Longstaff (born 3 January 1972, in Wellington, New Zealand) is a former rugby union footballer who played on the wing for Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="9833793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833793" title="Giant Ameiva">
Giant Ameiva

The Giant Ameiva ("Ameiva ameiva"), also known as Green Ameiva, South American Ground Lizard, Giant Whiptail, Zandoli, and Amazon Racerunner, is a species of lizard in the family Teiidae found in Central and South America and some Caribbean Islands.
Geographic range.
It is widespread in Central America and South America, including: Panama, Brazil, Colombia, Surinam, French Guiana, Guyana, Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador, Peru, Argentina, and Paraguay. It is also found on the Caribbean islands of Trinidad and Tobago, Grenada, the Grenadines, Margarita, Swan Island, and Isla de la Providencia. It was also once present on Saint Vincent but has since been extirpated.
Description.
"Ameiva ameiva" has a streamlined body, pointed head, slightly forked tongue, and muscular hind legs. They grow to approximately . Both sexes have random black specs and mottling along the sides. Females usually have much less green than males and a more dusty of a green color. Males have vibrant green coloration and more bold mottling. Males also have more expanded jowels.
Habitat.
Giant Ameiva live on the forest floor, often sheltering underneath logs and in leaf litter. Captive specimens have been observed making primitive tunnels spanning out from under a log or rock when given enough soil.
Diet.
The Giant Ameiva's diet consists of mainly insects, frogs, and spiders. 
In captivity mealworms are a favorite of the Ameiva along with crickets.
Reproduction.
The female lays several clutches of eggs from March to December.
Invasive species.
This species has been introduced into the United States with thriving populations in South Florida.
Parasites.
This species is infected by a number of protist parasites including:

</doc>
<doc id="9833816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833816" title="Samkori">
Samkori

Samkori, a clan of Allaiwals, division of the cis-indus Swatis.

</doc>
