<doc id="9865378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865378" title="2007 Las Vegas Desert Classic">
2007 Las Vegas Desert Classic

The 2007 Las Vegas Desert Classic (also billed as Las Vegas Desert Classic VI) was the sixth time that the Professional Darts Corporation stage the prestigious darts tournament. The tournament was held at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino for the second successive year and was staged between July 2 and July 8, televised on Sky Sports from July 4 - there was no title sponsor for the event after PartyPoker.net's sponsorship lasted for just one year. 
The opening day of the tournament saw a few surprise results - none more so than when Mark Dudbridge stunned three-time Desert Classic champion Phil Taylor 6-5.
Raymond van Barneveld secured his third major PDC title of the year adding to his World Championship and UK Open successes by beating Terry Jenkins in the final.
Prize money.
The prize fund increases for the 2007 event to a total of £126,400.
Results.
A random draw was held after each round meaning no seedings were applied.
Television coverage.
Sky Sports broadcast the event live in the UK & Ireland for the 6th year running. The final between van Barneveld & Jenkins achieved viewing figures of 82,000 - although that was surpassed by other matches during the week. <br>
Wednesday 120,000 (SS1) & 65,000 (SS2)<br>
Thursday 90,000 (SS1) & 115,000 (SS2)<br>
Friday unavailable<br>
Saturday 87,000 (SS2)<br>
Sunday 82,000 (SS1)<br>
Qualification.
Following the 2007 UK Open at the beginning of June, top 12 players of the PDC Order of Merit became the automatic qualifiers for the sixth Desert Classic. They are Phil Taylor, Raymond van Barneveld, Colin Lloyd, Peter Manley, Terry Jenkins, Dennis Priestley, Adrian Lewis, Wayne Mardle, Roland Scholten, Andy Hamilton, James Wade and defending champion John Part. 
Four North American's qualified for the event via qualification tournaments across the United States and Canada. They were Darin Young, John Kuczynski, Gary Mawson and Gerry Convery. 
16 further places were to be decided at two qualification days on the eve of the tournament itself. These qualifying events were for lower ranked PDPA members and US residents. Eight players each day joined the automatic qualifiers in the first round of the main event.
Monday's qualifiers were Wes Newton, Steve Maish, Kevin Painter, Steve Beaton, Colin Osborne, Mervyn King, Ray Carver and Dennis Smith. Tuesday's qualifiers were Alan Tabern, Mark Dudbridge, John Ferrell, Tony Eccles, Stuart Holden, Andy Smith, Steve Smith, Vincent van der Voort.
Players Championship.
On the eve of the Las Vegas Desert Classic a PDPA Players Championship event was held on Sunday July 1 and was won by Raymond van Barneveld.

</doc>
<doc id="9865413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865413" title="Fredrik Lindgren (musician)">
Fredrik Lindgren (musician)

Freddie Eugene (a.k.a. Fredrik Lindgren) (born February 1, 1971) a Stockholm born Swedish musician, currently fronts the Stockholm based band Atlantic Tide. He played guitar and composed music / lyrics in various Swedish bands, including Unleashed, Loud Pipes, Terra Firma, Celestial Pain, Born of Fire and the recently disbanded Harms Way. He currently resides in Stockholm.
Discography.
Unleashed
Loudpipes
Terra Firma
Harms Way

</doc>
<doc id="9865448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865448" title="Introducing Kafka">
Introducing Kafka

Introducing Kafka, also known as "R. Crumb's Kafka", is an illustrated biography of Franz Kafka by David Zane Mairowitz and Robert Crumb. The book includes comic adaptations of some of Kafka's most famous works including "The Metamorphosis", "A Hunger Artist", "In the Penal Colony", and "The Judgment", as well as brief sketches of his three novels "The Trial", "The Castle", and "Amerika". The book also details Kafka's biography in a format that is part illustrated essay, part sequential comic panels. The book was released as part of the "Introducing..." series by Totem Books; the popularity of Crumb's renditions of Kafka's works led to additional printings under the title "R. Crumb's Kafka",and its most recent edition by Fantagraphics Books (2007) is simply titled "Kafka".
Content.
The book focuses on the biographical details of Kafka's life, interspersed with illustrated vignettes from his writing. The author relates Kafka's personality and various incidents in his life to the composition of his stories. For example, Kafka's complicated relationship with his family is linked to stories where the main character is an animal – notably "The Metamorphosis" whose protagonist, Gregor Samsa, awakens to find himself transformed into a giant bug, and becomes a burden on his family.

</doc>
<doc id="9865461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865461" title="Comfort Woman">
Comfort Woman

Comfort Woman is the fifth solo album by Me'shell Ndegeocello. It was released on October 14, 2003, on Maverick Records. The album peaked at #150 on the "Billboard" Top 200 list that year. The album also peaked at #43 on "Billboard"'s R&B Album chart. The LP was the final record released by Maverick, ending her ten year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="9865462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865462" title="WFMS">
WFMS

WFMS (95.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. The station has won several awards from the Country Music Association as large market station of the year. It is owned by Cumulus Media. Its studios and transmitter are located separately in the eastside of Indianapolis.
References.
WFMS Website
http://wfms.com/

</doc>
<doc id="9865477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865477" title="Richard Washington">
Richard Washington

Richard Lee Washington (born July 15, 1955) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
Early life.
A 6'11" center born in Portland, Oregon, Washington played high school ball at Portland's Benson Tech. An all-around athlete and agile big man, Washington was a three-time all-state and first-team all-tournament selection and led Benson to state championships in 1971 and 1973. Benson was a combined 77-6 those three seasons. Washington was also a hurdler in track and, as a defensive end-receiver, was MVP on the Techmen football team his junior year (the last year he played football). 
College career.
Washington was highly recruited out of high school and seriously considered the University of Hawaii, but he decided to play college basketball for perennial national champion UCLA and legendary coach John Wooden. In his three seasons at UCLA, the Bruins went 26-4, 28-3 and 28-4, won three Pac-8 championships and made three Final Fours. 
In Washington's sophomore season of 1974-75, the Bruins captured the NCAA title in 1974-1975. The Bruins went 28-3 and, powered by the front line of future NBA players Washington, Dave Meyers and Marques Johnson, and defeated Kentucky 92-85 in the title game, which would also be coach Wooden's final game. Washington was named NCAA Basketball Tournament Most Outstanding Player following UCLA's 1975 championship.
He earned first-team All-American honors as a junior in 1975-76. 
NBA career.
Washington was declared eligible for the 1976 NBA Draft due to hardship status. He played six seasons in the NBA as a member of the Kansas City Kings, Milwaukee Bucks, Dallas Mavericks and Cleveland Cavaliers. In his NBA career, he scored 3,456 points and grabbed 2,204 rebounds.
Personal life.
Washington and his wife, Leiko, reside in Milwaukie, Oregon. They have raised two daughters. Interested in building and construction since his youth, in 1993 he founded Richard Washington Construction, a general contracting company.
In 1988, Washington was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9865480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865480" title="Mark Cotney">
Mark Cotney

Mark Cotney (born June 26, 1952 in Altus, Oklahoma), is a former professional American football player who played in 10 NFL seasons from 1975-1984 for the Houston Oilers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Selected by the Buccaneers in the 1976 NFL Expansion Draft, he was a member of the original winless 1976 team and the 1979 team that played in the game. He retired in 1986 on advice from his doctors, after suffering two cracked vertebrae in his neck while tackling Gerald Riggs in a 1985 preseason game. He continues to live in the Tampa area, where he operates a dry-cleaning business.

</doc>
<doc id="9865485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865485" title="Charles de Bourbon (cardinal)">
Charles de Bourbon (cardinal)

Charles de Bourbon (22 September 1523 – 9 May 1590) was a French cardinal. The Catholic League considered him the rightful King of France after the death of Henry III of France in 1589.
Biography.
He was born at La Ferté-sous-Jouarre, in what is now the department of Seine-et-Marne, the eighth child of Charles IV de Bourbon, duke of Vendôme. His mother was Françoise d'Alençon.
Charles made a rapid career in the Roman Catholic hierarchy. He was bishop of Nevers (1540–1545), bishop of Saintes (1545–1550, elevated to cardinal in 1548), archbishop of Rouen (1550–1590), bishop of Nantes (1550–1554), Papal legate in Avignon (1565–1590) and bishop of Beauvais (1569–1575). In 1551 he was made Lieutenant-General of Paris and Ile de France. On 31 December 1578 he was made the first commander in the Order of the Holy Spirit.
When the duke of Alençon and Anjou died childless in 1584 while King Henry III of France was also still childless it was clear that the house of Valois would come to an end with the death of the king and the succession to the French throne would then pass to the house of Bourbon-Vendôme who were descended from Louis IX. However, the senior member of the family, Henry III of Navarre (son of Charles's late elder brother Antoine), was a Protestant. The Catholic League, party to the French Wars of Religion, excluded all Protestants from the succession, which made Charles de Bourbon their champion. In the secret Treaty of Joinville of 31 December 1584 he was anointed by the leaders of the league and a representative of Philip II of Spain. Henry III had Charles imprisoned in the castle of Blois on 23 December 1588. He was transferred from one castle to another, presumably to prevent escape. On Henry III's death in 1589, the League proclaimed Charles king, while he was still a prisoner and in the castle of Chinon. He was recognized as Charles X by the parliament of Paris on 21 November 1589. His prison was considered too close to Catholic territory, so he was again transferred, this time to Fontenay-le-Comte. The Catholic League issued coins in his name from 2 August 1589 to his death from 15 Mints, including Paris. Charles, however, renounced the royal title and recognized his nephew Henry IV, whose succession was disputed by the Catholic League. He died in the castle of Fontenay-le-Comte.
When the Comte d'Artois ascended the French throne in 1824, he definitively demonstrated Charles de Bourbon's lack of legitimacy by styling himself Charles X of France.

</doc>
<doc id="9865494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865494" title="Contract on Cherry Street">
Contract on Cherry Street

Contract on Cherry Street is a film version of a novel written by Phillip Rosenberg about a New York police detective, adapted for television in 1977 by Frank Sinatra's production company Artanis and starring Sinatra.
Directed by William A. Goldwyn and produced by Hugh Benson, Renee Valente and Sinatra, "Contract on Cherry Street" was trumpeted as a major event that garnered positive reviews and strong ratings when it premiered on NBC on November 19, 1977.
The role of Detective Inspector Frank Hovannes was Sinatra's first acting role in seven years and was shot on location in New York City and New Jersey over a period of three months. The book on which the film was based was said to be a favourite of Sinatra's mother Dolly, who had been recently killed in an airplane crash in Las Vegas.
Plot.
When his partner is gunned down, Frank Hovannes, a detective inspector with the New York police department, wants to lead his organized-crime unit against the mob. Legal and departmental restrictions inhibit him, so Hovannes decides to take the matter into his own hands.
A vigilante act, a contract hit against one of the crime syndicate's members, is designed to stir the mob into action so that Hovannes and his men can catch them in the act. He runs into strong objections from his superiors in the police force along the way.
Critical reception.
Sinatra made the cover of TV Guide as press for a special that would air over two consecutive nights on NBC gathered steam. After airing, renowned critic Leonard Maltin would comment: "Sinatra's first TV movie has him well cast as a NYC police officer who takes on organized crime in his own fashion after his partner is gunned down. Aces to this fine thriller." Judith Crist, however, would question why Sinatra was starring in a "mealy-mouthed morality tale," although most reviews were positive.
"Contract on Cherry Street" was nominated for Best TV Feature/Miniseries at the 1978 Edgar Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9865496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865496" title="Didžiosios Kabiškės">
Didžiosios Kabiškės

Didžiosios Kabiškės (literally: "Great Kabiškės") is a village in Vilnius district municipality, Lithuania. It is located about 24 km northeast of Vilnius, capital of Lithuania. The nearest city is Nemenčinė. A smaller village, known as Mažosios Kabiškės (literally: "Little Kabiškės"), is located nearby. Didžiosios Kabiškės has a bi-lingual Lithuanian and Polish kindergarten and a primary school (reorganized into one institution in May 2009), a postal office, and a library.
The village was chosen as the center for Zhdanov's kolkhoz (collective farm). It was built between 1975 and 1980 by "Neris", one of the biggest farming complexes in the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic. The complex exchanged stock-raising technologies with Frankfurt am Main, Germany. In 1990 Lithuania declared independence and state's support the kolkhoz discontinued. These developments spurred village's growth: it had 51 residents in 1959, 84 in 1970, 360 in 1979, 488 in 1985. According to the census in 2001, it had 757 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9865499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865499" title="Richard Jaeger">
Richard Jaeger

Richard Jaeger (16 February 1913 in Berlin – 15 May 1998 in Munich) was a German politician of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria. Under Ludwig Erhard's second ministry, he was Minister of Justice (26 October 1965 - 1 December 1966).
From 1949 to 1980 Jaeger was a member of German Bundestag. From 1972 to 1974, Jaeger was President of the European Documentation and Information Centre (CEDI).

</doc>
<doc id="9865541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865541" title="KXRG-LP">
KXRG-LP

KXRG-LP, (95.9 FM), "My 95.9 FM", is a non-commercial FM Dance Top 40 outlet serving the Honolulu, Hawaii area. The station is owned by Ohana Broadcasters Corporation and is licensed to Honolulu.
Station history.
From March 2006 to July 2007, KXRG-LP was on 101.1 MHz as "Energy 101.1". On July 1, 2007, the commercial full power station KORL-FM took over the frequency forcing KXRG-LP off the air. Full power stations have priority over low power stations and no frequencies were available for KXRG-LP at that time. The station was silent from July 2007 until April 29, 2010, when KXRG-LP received permission from the FCC to begin broadcasting effective immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="9865546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865546" title="Cedric Brown">
Cedric Brown

Cedric Brown (born May 6, 1954 in Columbus, Ohio), is a former American professional football player who played in 9 NFL seasons from 1976-1984 for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Brown was a very solid and underrated free safety for the Buccaneers, seldom making errors but also showing himself to be capable of big plays. Brown proved himself to be one of the lone bright spots on the inaugural Buccaneer teams that failed to win a game for nearly 2 seasons, suffering 26 straight losses before winning the 13th game of their second season.

</doc>
<doc id="9865555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865555" title="Marc Nikkel">
Marc Nikkel

The Rev. Dr. Marc R. Nikkel (1950–2000) was an American Episcopal priest, artist, author, teacher, missionary to the Sudan, and advocate for the Dinka ("Jieng") people of South Sudan.
"Marc Nikkel" was born to Mennonite parents in Reedley, California, and studied at the California State University School for the Visual Arts and at Fuller Theological Seminary before becoming an Anglican.
In 1981, Nikkel began teaching at Bishop Gwynne College in Mundri, Sudan. From 1984–1985, he studied at the General Theological Seminary of the Episcopal Church in Chelsea, New York, being ordained to the diaconate by the Bishop of Southwestern Virginia and to the priesthood on his return to the Sudan.
Nikkel was kidnapped by the Sudanese Liberation Army in July 1987 along with several other Americans. He was later released in northern Kenya. From 1987-1988, he taught at Saint Paul's United Theological College in Limuru, Kenya. He then left Africa to begin doctoral studies at the Centre for the Study of Christianity in the Non-Western World in Edinburgh, Scotland. 
After completing his doctoral work, Nikkel served as an advisor to several Sudanese Anglican dioceses, working in partnership with the Church Missionary Society of England and the Episcopal Church in the U.S.A. His primary work was in theological education among the Dinka people of the Nile basin in South Sudan.
In Kenya, Marc Nikkel also co-founded Kakuma Refugee Camp with Bishop Nathanael Garang of Bor Diocese, South Sudan. There at Kakuma, Marc Nikkel named the young Dinka survivors "the Lost Boys."
Marc Nikkel was diagnosed with cancer in 1998, and died in California in 2000. Nikkel's greatest legacy exists among the many lives he saved, taught and inspired.

</doc>
<doc id="9865565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865565" title="Lee Mason">
Lee Mason

Lee Stephen Mason (born 29 October 1971) is an English professional football referee from Bolton, Greater Manchester. Since 2006 Mason has been on the list of Select Group Referees who officiate primarily in the Premier League. 
He is a former chairman of the Bolton Referees' Society and is a member of the Lancashire County Football Association. His younger brother Andy is a former professional footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers, among others.
Education.
Mason attended the Liverpool Institute of Higher Education between 1990 and 1993, living in Newman Hall, where he gained his degree. Whilst there he played for his college football team as well as being a regular compere, hosting a variety of social events at a students' union club.
Career.
Mason took up the whistle in 1988, officiating in the Bolton Boys' Federation League. He previously worked in the car rental industry. In 1992 he was added to the North West Counties Football League assistant referees' list, and progressed to referee in that league four years later. He was included on the Football League list of assistant referees in 1998, and was added to the Premier League assistant referees' list in 2000.
In 2002, he was promoted to referee in the Football League, and his first match at that level was a Third Division match between Shrewsbury Town and Exeter on 10 August 2002, won 1–0 by the home side.
Also in 2002, he took charge of that year's FA County Youth Cup final between Birmingham and Durham, which Birmingham won 2–1.
Mason became a Development Group referee in 2003, and finally reached the Premier League list of Select Group Referees in 2006. His first Premier League appointment came on 4 February 2006, when Middlesbrough lost 4–0 at home to Aston Villa.
Later in 2006 he was appointed to referee the Football League One play-off final between Barnsley and Swansea City at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium, which Barnsley won on penalties after a 2–2 draw after extra time.
In 2008 Mason was widely criticised for his decision to send off Middlesbrough's Jérémie Aliadière after an altercation between Aliadiere and Liverpool's Javier Mascherano, while letting Mascherano off without even a booking. Middlesbrough appealed the red card and were incensed when Aliadiere's ban was not only upheld by the FA, but increased by an extra match (to a total of 4 matches) on the grounds that their appeal had been "frivolous". In retaliation, Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson called the FA "amateurs and silly little men".
In 2009 Mason refereed the FA Youth Cup final between Arsenal and Liverpool. Later that year he was handed a one-week demotion to the role of fourth official after his handling of a match between Fulham and Liverpool in which he sent off Liverpool players Jamie Carragher and Philipp Degen; Fulham ultimately won the fixture 3–1.
Mason and his assistant referees came under criticism from Manchester United management in December 2010 for allowing a last-minute equaliser scored by Birmingham City to stand. A Birmingham cross into United's penalty area appeared to hit Nikola Žigić's arm and Lee Bowyer slid the ball home despite appearing to be offside. Birmingham manager Alex McLeish defended the decision to allow the goal, saying that Mason would have been "harsh if he had penalized [Žigić] for deliberate handball."
Mason's decision on 8 April 2012 to send-off Shaun Derry for a professional foul in the 14th minute of a match against Manchester United was appealed by Queens Park Rangers after reviewing video replays. The referee awarded United a penalty kick when Derry appeared to foul Ashley Young. QPR manager Mark Hughes criticised Young for going to ground "too readily" and Mason for being "very quick" in giving the penalty despite Young being in an offside position when he received the ball. However, the Football Association upheld the red card.
He was widely praised in the press following his handling of a Football League Cup tie between Chelsea and Manchester United on 31 October 2012. The two teams had met three days prior in an incident-filled Premier League fixture which United won 3–2 and Chelsea had two players sent off. After that game, Chelsea made a formal complaint to the FA against the referee, Mark Clattenburg, about his alleged use of "inappropriate language" towards two of their players. During the League Cup match, Mason correctly awarded three penalties and was required to interpret and handle a number of other incidents. Chelsea won 5–4 after a 90th-minute penalty for the Blues, who were 3–2 down, forced the Cup tie into extra-time.
Statistics.
Statistics are for all competitions. No records are available prior to 2002-03.

</doc>
<doc id="9865595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865595" title="Fosdick">
Fosdick

Fosdick can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9865600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865600" title="Iris Wildthyme Series 1">
Iris Wildthyme Series 1

Iris Wildthyme Series 1 is a set of two audio drama from Big Finish Productions, featuring Katy Manning as Iris Wildthyme, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Artwork for both releases was by Stuart Manning.
Wildthyme at Large.
Tom and Panda are living a relatively quiet life back on Earth, as a successful novelist of science fiction adventures and his toy panda, respectively, when Iris Wildthyme makes a re-appearance!
The Devil in Ms Wildthyme.
Iris, Tom and Panda find themselves facing demons from Iris' past, as a spooky and other-worldly presence makes itself known...

</doc>
<doc id="9865607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865607" title="Chris Swain (game designer)">
Chris Swain (game designer)

Chris Swain is an American game designer, entrepreneur, and professor. He is the founder and CEO of Cred.fm, a technology company that delivers music playlists everywhere. He worked full time as a professor at USC 2004-2011 and is now part-time faculty in the USC Viterbi School of Engineering, Computer Science Department.
At USC Chris co-founded the Electronic Arts Game Innovation Lab and was co-author of the book "Game Design Workshop" which is used at many of the over 700 college game programs around the world. He served as a thesis advisor to Jenova Chen and the project fl0w which began as Chen's MFA thesis and was the basis for the game developer thatgamecompany which has won multiple Game of the Year awards in industry. In addition Swain was a faculty advisor to seven student games accepted into the Independent Games Festival including the award-winning Misadventures of P.B. Winterbottom.
His USC research projects include:
Prior to coming to USC Chris was a founding member of the New York design firm R/GA Interactive. At R/GA he led development of over 50 interactive products for companies that include Microsoft, Sony, Disney, Activision, America Online, Warner Bros., PBS, BBC, Intel, IBM, Kodak, Discovery Channel, Ticketmaster, and many other companies. Notable projects include: Netwits for the Microsoft Network, Multiplayer Jeopardy! and Multiplayer Wheel of Fortune for Sony Online, Stickerworld for Children's Television Workshop, and Poetry of Structure – the interactive companion to Ken Burns’ documentary about Frank Lloyd Wright.
Chris was VP of Programming at game developer Spiderdance, Inc. Spiderdance’s participatory television projects included webRIOT[http://www.s-t.com/daily/12-99/12-13-99/c04ae084.htm] for MTV and Weakest Link Interactive for NBC among others.
Chris has served on the Board of Directors of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (Emmy’s) and on the Board of Advisors for the American Film Institute’s Enhanced Television Workshop, Games for Change, Annenberg Innovation Lab, Game Education Summit, and other organizations. He started his career in at Robert Abel’s pioneering interactive software company Synapse Technologies.
His projects have received many awards including Time Magazine’s Best of the Web.

</doc>
<doc id="9865610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865610" title="Tobias Enström">
Tobias Enström

Ulf Tobias "Toby" Enström (born November 5, 1984) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Early playing career and personal life.
Growing up in Nordingrå, he played hockey in Höga Kusten Hockey but moved to Örnsköldsvik and Modo Hockey when he got accepted to the Hockey high school playing for Modo J18. After two second places with Modo's J18 he advanced to Modo's J20 and later to the Elitserien team. He comes from a hockey family where both of his brothers, Tommy Enström and Thomas Enström, as well as his sister Tina Enström, all are or have represented various teams within the Modo Hockey organization.
Following a successful rookie season during his first year in Elitserien, where he was elected Rookie of the Year, he was drafted in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Atlanta Thrashers, in round eight as pick number 239 overall. He won the 2006/2007 Swedish Elite League championships with Modo Hockey and finished first in assists in the playoffs.
In June 2013 Enström was assaulted and robbed in his hometown of Örnsköldsvik but could recover quickly from only minor injuries. The perpetrator was later arrested and is being tried for robbery, battery
Atlanta/Winnipeg.
Enström signed a two-year contract with Atlanta in late May 2007 and made the team out of training camp, playing all 82 in his first three seasons to start his career. He scored his first NHL goal on 23 October 2007 against Vesa Toskala of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Enström finished the season with 5 goals and 33 assists. The following season, he recorded 5 goals along with 27 assists, as well as being a career high plus 14. During the 2010–11 season, he broke a finger blocking a shot against the New York Rangers on January 22, 2011 that had him out for 6 games and ended his games played streak at 296 consecutive games. 
In 2011, Enström was selected to his first All-Star Game, along with teammate Dustin Byfuglien. This was the first time the Thrashers had a defenseman in the All-Star Game since Petr Buzek in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9865611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865611" title="Diana Golden (skier)">
Diana Golden (skier)

Diana Golden Brosnihan, née Diana Golden (March 20, 1963, Lincoln, MA – August 25, 2001, Providence, RI) was an American disabled ski racer. After losing a leg to cancer at age 12, she went on to win 10 world and 19 United States championships between 1986 and 1990 as a three-tracker, or one-legged skier. Golden also won an Olympic gold medal in giant slalom at the 1988 Calgary Games, where disabled skiing was a demonstration sport. She participated in alpine skiing at two Winter Paralympic Games, in 1980 and 1988, winning two gold medals in the latter year. After retiring from skiing, cancer returned in 1992 and 1996, with her last bout of cancer resulting in her death in 2001.
Early life.
Diana Golden grew up in Lincoln, Massachusetts and began skiing at the age of five, making regular trips to Cannon Mountain Ski Area with her parents. However in 1975, at the age of 12, her right leg collapsed while she was walking home from skiing and doctors diagnosed bone cancer. As a result the doctors had to amputate her leg above the knee to stop the cancer from spreading.
Following the surgery the first question Golden asked was whether she would be able to ski again and was relieved to discover that she would be able to. After being fitted with a prosthetic device she learned to walk and then ski again within six or seven months with the help of the New England Handicapped Sportsmen's Association. In her junior year at Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School she became a member of the ski team and by the age of 17 had joined the United States Disabled Ski Team (USDST).
After high school Golden went to Dartmouth College and gained a degree in English Literature in 1984. While there in 1982 she competed at the World Handicapped Championships in Norway, winning a gold medal in the downhill and a silver in the giant slalom. However she then became disillusioned with competitive skiing and would join a group of born again Christians. After college she went to work for a local firm selling computer software before a friend reintroduced her to skiing and she rediscovered her love of it. In 1985 she rejoined the USDST and would gain sponsorships and a scholarship in order to be able to pursue it full time.
Skiing career.
Within a year of taking up skiing again Golden had won 4 gold medals internationally including 3 in the 1986 World Disabled Championships. She was dominant in the United States Disabled Alpine Championships winning all four of the giant slalom, slalom, downhill and combined disciplines in both 1987 and 1988. Also in 1988 Golden won 2 golds at the World Disabled Championships and most famously won a gold in the giant slalom at the Winter Olympics in Calgary, where the event was a demonstration sport. Golden retired in 1990 but before this she would win 3 gold medals at her last World Disabled Championships in 1990 at Winter Park Resort in Colorado. In total throughout her career Golden won 19 national, 10 World and 1 Olympic disabled gold medals.
Golden at first used outriggers when skiing but would abandon these in favour of the standard ski poles so being able to reach greater speeds but requiring more strength and stamina. In 1990 using the normal ski poles and one ski Golden was recorded as travelling at 65 miles per hour during a downhill race. As well as competing in disabled events Golden also took part in able-bodied events and she got the United States Ski and Snowboard Association (USSA) to pass the "Golden Rule" in 1985. Under this rule the top disabled skiers were able to race after only the top 15 skiers had taken part, thus enabling the disabled skiers to compete before the course becomes rutted from heavy usage. In 1987, competing against able-bodied competitors, Golden finished 10th in a USSA competition.
Golden received a number of awards during her career including the USSA's Beck Award in 1986 honouring the best female skier in international competition. It was in 1988 however that Golden received the most recognition when both Ski Racing Magazine and the United States Olympic Committee named her female skier of the year, choosing her ahead of able-bodied skiers.
Later life.
Golden became a motivational speaker following her skiing career, and also took up rock climbing and mountaineering leading to a successful climb of Mount Rainier. However in 1992, at the age of 29, she was diagnosed with breast cancer, for which she had to be treated with bilateral mastectomies. While operating on her, doctors also found a pre-malignant growth and as a result had to remove her uterus. After this, realising she could never have children, Golden became depressed and in 1993 attempted suicide, something which she would consider again.
Golden recovered and resumed motivational speaking but would give this up for good in 1996 when she was again diagnosed with breast cancer, which was treatable but now incurable. She returned to New England from Colorado and it was here that she once more met Steve Brosnihan, a freelance cartoonist she had known at Dartmouth College. Brosnihan and Golden fell in love and were married in August 1997.
Golden died in August 2001 from the cancer at the age of 38. Following her death Golden would inspire a race series called the "Diana Golden Race Series", hosted by Disabled Sports USA, at mountains which offer programs that teach the physically disabled how to ski.
After her retirement from skiing Golden continued to be honoured by various organisations. In 1991 the Women's Sports Foundation gave her the Flo Hyman Memorial Award, while in 1997 she was inducted into the US National Ski Hall of Fame and the International Women's Sports Foundation Hall of Fame. The citation on her entry into the International Hall of Fame read "She persuaded the ski world to treat all athletes the same, regardless of ability or, in her case, disability."

</doc>
<doc id="9865617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865617" title="Anthochori, Arcadia">
Anthochori, Arcadia

Anthochori ( meaning "flower village", before 1927: Καρούμπαλι - "Karoumpali") was a settlement in Arcadia, Greece. Anthochori was demolished during 2006-8 in order to provide the Megalopoli Power Plant with lignite (brown coal).
Geography.
Anthochori was located about 3 km south of the town of Megalopoli, in the broad valley of the river Alfeios. Before the large scale exploitation of lignite in open-pit mines, the area consisted mostly of farmlands. Neighbouring villages were Vrysoules to the east, Gefyra to the southeast and Tripotamo to the southwest. The Greek National Road 7 (Kalamata - Megalopoli - Tripoli) ran east of Anthochori. Anthochori had a station on the short branch railway line from Lefktro, on the Tripoli-Kalamata railway line, to Megalopoli.
History.
According to the "History of Leontarion Province" by Theodoros Katrivanos the village occupied the area that was the Karum Ali Estate (Καρούμ Αλή τσιφλίκι), itself part of the Leontario "vilayet" (Ottoman administrative division, in Greek: Βιλαέτι Λεονταρίου) in the 18th century. Hence the old name of the village was "Karoumpali". The village was re-named "Anthochori" in 1927 (FEK 179/1927). 
In terms of its administration, Karoumpali/Anthochori was established as an independent community (Greek: κοινότητα) in 1912. The legal basis for this comprised Law No 4057 of 10-2-1912 that enacted the institution of 'administratively independent communities' in Greece and the Royal Decree of 18-9-1912 that clarified specific arrangements for the Law's implementation in the prefecture of Arcadia. Anthochori continued to function as an independent community until the end of 1997 when the 'Kapodistrias' programme of reforms began to be implemented. Following the fate of the vast majority of other communities in Greece, Anthochori was abolished as an administratively independent community and since 1 January 1999 became an administrative district of the Municipality of Megalopolis. 
By 2006, after prolonged legal battles and court cases the vast majority of property owners of Anthochori were financially compensated by the Public Power Corporation. Financial compensation for the public property and amenities that belonged to the community was transferred to the Municipality of Megalopolis. This was because, as mentioned above, Anthochori became an administrative district of the Municipality of Megalopolis following the 'Kapodistrias' reforms. What happened to the financial compensation for Anthochori's public property is still a matter of dispute and allegations for the mismanagement of compensation funds (at least 280.000 €) were still being made as late as November 2008.
Loss of a settlement.
The lignite mining activity has been slowly extending towards Anthochori since the late-1970s. By 2002 mining machinery stood at 1 km to the northwest of Anthochori and the mine finally reached the first houses of the settlement in 2006. Village houses became a target for looters and the settlement was finally abandoned in 2007. Subsequently, starting from its northwestern part, the old village homes were demolished and their remains were dumped to the south while the roads, already closed for some years, were eventually removed. Most of the farmlands and forests also disappeared. 
Until late 2008 the only remaining building of Anthochori left standing was its main church dedicated to 'The Presentation of the Virgin to the Temple' (Greek: Τα Εισόδια της Θεοτόκου). None of the demolition workers was willing to take responsibility for its destruction and, thus, the church remained standing upon a tall 'column' of soil while the surrounding earth was being excavated. The 'last church standing' became internationally famous when its photograph by Stuart Franklin appeared in the Time magazine on 17 September 2008 
In 29 November 2008 the church collapsed upon itself and, with it, all visible evidence of Anthochori's material existence. By the mid 2009 all that once was the village of Anthochori was gone, its buildings leveled, and its earth scraped out to extract lignite. It is claimed that the demolition of Anthochori marks the final expansion of the lignite mine which, in turn, signals the beginning of the end for the Megalopolis thermo-electric power plant.
An internet 'ghost'.
At least until the end of 2009 Anthochori was still mentioned in some maps, including Mapquest, while satellite images have yet to show the expansion of the lignite mine over the area that used to be Anthochori. For example, when accessed on 15 November 2009, GoogleEarth still used a detailed satellite photo taken on 26 August 2003, where Anthochori's buildings and original geo-topography are clearly visible. This satellite picture can be found here.
Anthochori's demolition in the media.
Megalopolis' mine expansion was featured on a TV documentary on April 7, 2006. This documentary was produced by the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation (ERT). 
In 2008, Time magazine published a short article under the title 'Europe's changing places' which used a dramatic photo of Anthochori's main church - 'The Presentation of the Virgin to the Temple' (Greek: Τα Εισόδια της Θεοτόκου) - taken by world famous British photographer Stuart Franklin in 2007. In this picture the church stands alone on a tall 'column' of soil, as the sole survivor of the demolished village at the time. This picture is included in Stuart Franklin's book 'Footprint: Our Landscape in Flux'. 
The same picture was included in a presentation of Stuart Franklin's work in the Guardian newspaper, accompanied by the following note by the photographer:
To the ancient Greeks, Arcadia was a rural idyll. Instead of a lush, bucolic landscape, I found one devastated by the hunt for fossil fuels. Sixty per cent of Greece’s electricity is derived from lignite (brown coal). This involves bulldozing whole landscapes to feed the nearby power station. In Megalopolis I found Greece’s second largest lignite mine. The village of Anthohori in Arcadia was wiped off the map - the church of Santa Maria was all that remained'."
Photos of Anthochori and its surroundings.
"Satellite Views of Anthochori"
"Views of Anthochori during its demolition"
"Views of Anthochori prior to its demolition"
"Churches, lanes, fields" 
"Houses"
"Views of Anthochori railway 'station' "
"Views of Lefktron/'Bilali' railway station"
External links.
Anthochori

</doc>
<doc id="9865624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865624" title="The Best Is Yet to Come">
The Best Is Yet to Come

"The Best is Yet to Come" is a 1959 song composed by Cy Coleman, with lyrics written by Carolyn Leigh. It is generally associated with Frank Sinatra, who recorded it on his 1964 album "It Might as Well Be Swing", accompanied by Count Basie, under the direction of Quincy Jones. It was the last song Sinatra sang in public, on February 25, 1995, and the words "The Best is Yet to Come" are etched on Sinatra's tombstone. Though Sinatra made it popular, the song was actually written for and introduced by Tony Bennett. Notable recordings include:

</doc>
<doc id="9865655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865655" title="Sam McCullum">
Sam McCullum

Samuel Charles McCullum (born November 30, 1952) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for 10 seasons for the Seattle Seahawks and Minnesota Vikings from 1974 through 1983.
McCullum was born in McComb, Mississippi, and was raised in Kalispell, Montana. McCullum is a convert to Judaism.

</doc>
<doc id="9865690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865690" title="KPMW">
KPMW

KPMW, also known as Mix 105.5, is a Contemporary hit radio outlet serving the Maui, Hawaii, United States, area. The station, which is owned by Rey-Cel and whose COL is Haliimaile, HI, broadcasts at 105.5 MHz with an ERP of 9 KW.
On January 1, 2013, Wild 105.5 changed the brand to the new "Mix 105.5" and continued to play Top 40 until late 2013 when it flipped to Contemporary Filippino music.

</doc>
<doc id="9865702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865702" title="Little Hatfield">
Little Hatfield

Little Hatfield is a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England in an area known as Holderness. It is situated approximately south-west of Hornsea town centre.
The village was a civil parish until 1935, when it was merged with Goxhill and Great Hatfield to form the parish of Hatfield.
Little Hatfield was served from 1864 to 1964 by Sigglesthorne railway station on the Hull and Hornsea Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="9865713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865713" title="The First Deadly Sin">
The First Deadly Sin

The First Deadly Sin is a book written by Lawrence Sanders in 1973 and a 1980 movie produced by and starring Frank Sinatra. The film also features Faye Dunaway, David Dukes, Brenda Vaccaro, James Whitmore, Martin Gabel in his final acting role and Bruce Willis in his film debut.
"The First Deadly Sin" was based on the first of a series of popular novels by Sanders. The screenplay, which was adapted from Sanders' work, was written by Mann Rubin. The film was originally slated to be directed by Roman Polanski, who was dropped by Columbia Pictures after statutory rape charges were brought against him. Director Brian G. Hutton took over the production after Polanski fled to France.
The last of nine films produced by Sinatra, and his final starring role, he plays a troubled New York City homicide cop, Detective Sergeant Edward X. Delaney. In a small role, Dunaway is the detective's ailing wife, hospitalized during the entire story with a rare kidney affliction. A then-unknown Willis has a bit part, virtually unrecognizable as a hat covers most of his face.
"The First Deadly Sin" was the third production by Sinatra's Artanis production company and was shot on location in New York City. It premiered on October 23, 1980 at Loew's State Theatre in Times Square as part of a benefit for the Mother Cabrini Medical Center. The musical score was by composer and arranger Gordon Jenkins, who had first worked with Sinatra on the 1957 album "Where Are You?"
Plot.
New York police Sgt. Edward Delaney is at the scene of a brutal murder when news comes that his hospitalized wife's kidney illness has worsened after an operation. Approaching retirement, with a growing depression in the face of his wife's condition, Delaney throws himself into the murder case. He is fascinated by a crime committed with what seems to be a very unusual weapon.
Delaney tries to cross-reference the recent killing with other murders in various parts of the city, looking for a common link. A lack of solid leads leaves Delaney at loose ends until he recruits assistance from an enthusiastic museum curator, a coroner, and the victim's wife.
The investigation leads Delaney to a man named Blank, a seemingly normal businessman who is leading a secret life. Delaney uses psychological warfare in an attempt to trap the killer, all while the condition of the policeman's wife deteriorates by the hour.
Critical reception.
"The First Deadly Sin" failed to make much of an impression at the box office, while some critics were left cold by a slow-burning picture that tried to focus more on character and plot without succumbing to action scenes and shootouts.
The ending was changed from the novel in which the killer Daniel Blank retreated to a bluff called Devil's Needle in upstate New York where he died of dehydration before Delaney and the State Troopers were able to bring him down. Here, a more subtle approach allowed the ending to be more in tune with the rest of the film. Critics Roger Ebert and Leonard Maltin both praised Sinatra's performance as one of his best, while daughter Nancy Sinatra commented in her book "Sinatra: An American Legend" that this was a film her father was very excited about.
"Who would have thought, in all honesty, that Frank Sinatra still had this performance in him?" wrote Roger Ebert in the Chicago Sun-Times. "The movie is one of the season's pleasant surprises." Leonard Maltin wrote: "Sinatra in good form in one of his better serious vehicles."

</doc>
<doc id="9865721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865721" title="Western Primary School">
Western Primary School

Western Primary School is a primary school located in Cold Bath Road, Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England that was founded in 1897. It currently educates around 400 pupils under the Head Teacher Mrs Cheryl Smith who has been in post since 2002.
Performance.
The School is notable for achieving a 0% unauthorised absence rate.
The June 2004 Ofsted reports described it as "This is a good school with many very good features. Teaching is consistently good and all pupils achieve well. The headteacher, senior staff and governors lead the school very effectively. A very positive school ethos has been created in which all pupils feel truly valued, and all are included in activities. The school provides good value for money."
The School was recognised as an Investor in People in 2002. It achieved the Artsmark Silver award, by the Arts Council, in 2006.
'Quiet Room' project.
This school was the subject of the "Western Primary School `Quiet Room' Project".
In this paper, Angus King, headteacher of Western Primary School, a performance management consultant, a threshold assessor and a teacher trainer, with Zara Chantler, Key Stage 1 leader and SENCo at Western, describe the Western `Quiet Room' project, set up in 1999 as a response to the needs of pupils experiencing social, emotional and behavioural problems.
Sport.
In Five-a-side football the School reached the 2006 Ford FDS Schools Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="9865735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865735" title="Iraq FA Cup">
Iraq FA Cup

The Iraq FA Cup is Iraq's premier knockout tournament in men's football (soccer).
The Football Association Challenge Cup, Iraq FA Cup is Iraq's. commonly known as the FA Cup, is a knockout cup competition in Iraqi football.The first FA cup tournament was held in 1958 and won by Amana Club. The competition went on till 2002/2003. last won by Talaba, then the tournament as abandoned due to war till 2012/13. 

</doc>
<doc id="9865752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865752" title="Supreme director">
Supreme director

Supreme director (in Spanish "director supremo") was a title used to designate certain heads of state in South America

</doc>
<doc id="9865755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865755" title="Mike Washington">
Mike Washington

Mike Washington (born January 7, 1953 in Montgomery, Alabama), is a former American professional football player who played in 9 NFL seasons from 1976-1984 for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Mike was selected in the in 3rd round (53rd overall) of 1975 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Colts. 

</doc>
<doc id="9865757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865757" title="Anthochori">
Anthochori

Anthochori (Greek: Ανθοχώρι, meaning "flower town") may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="9865789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865789" title="Larissa Wilson">
Larissa Wilson

Larissa Hope Wilson (born 5 May 1989) is an English television and film actress from Bristol. She is best known for her role as Jal Fazer in the first two seasons of "Skins".
In February 2008, Wilson guested at the Shockwaves NME Awards alongside fellow "Skins" actor Nicholas Hoult to present singer Kate Nash with the award for Best Solo Artist.
In July 2008, she appeared in an episode of "Holby City" playing the part of Rebecca Webster.
She reunited with "Skins" costar April Pearson (who played Michelle) in the 2009 film "Tormented".
In 2011, she played Iris Bassey in the BBC television programme Shirley.

</doc>
<doc id="9865799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865799" title="Now! 5 (Canadian series)">
Now! 5 (Canadian series)

Now! 5 is a music compilation album that was released on August 29, 2000. The album is the 5th edition of the Canadian "Now!" series. This particular installment of the series had the cover on the back of the case so that the CD inside would act as part of the logo. 

</doc>
<doc id="9865814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865814" title="Great Hatfield">
Great Hatfield

Great Hatfield is a village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England in an area known as Holderness. It is situated approximately south-west of Hornsea town centre.
The village was a civil parish until 1935, when it was merged with Goxhill and Little Hatfield to form the parish of Hatfield.
Great Hatfield was served from 1864 to 1964 by Sigglesthorne railway station on the Hull and Hornsea Railway. Landmarks include St Helen's Well, the Wrygarth Inn pub, and nearby 'Hatfield Paddock' football pitch adjacent to Densholme farm.

</doc>
<doc id="9865831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865831" title="Treo (drug)">
Treo (drug)

Treo is a salicylate drug marketed by Johnson & Johnson in Sweden and Denmark, often used as an analgesic to relieve minor aches and pains, as an antipyretic to reduce fever, and as an anti-inflammatory medication.
The active ingredients are acetylsalicylic acid ("aspirin") and caffeine.
Treo comp has codeine as an additional constituent.

</doc>
<doc id="9865844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865844" title="KRHP">
KRHP

KRHP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9865857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865857" title="Elfin Forest, California">
Elfin Forest, California

Elfin Forest is an unincorporated community residential community of San Diego County in the foothills of the Santa Rosa Mountains. The quiet grouping of homes is southwest of Escondido and according to the USGS it is located at in the Escondido zip code of 92029. It borders the rural, unincorporated town of Harmony Grove to the northeast, San Marcos to the north and west, Olivenhain to the southwest, and Rancho Santa Fe to the south.
This rural suburb contains large homes on rolling hills and many trails for hiking and horseback riding. Most of the properties, which are split between the Rancho Santa Fe school district and Escondido school district, have amenities for horses, and or grow trees like avocado, orange, lemon, and grapefruit.
The community maintains a strict requirement on the minimum lot size of and does not allow sub-dividing. The neighboring community of San Elijo Hills has a small downtown with grocery store, restaurant, bar, and gasoline station which serves many of the Elfin Forest Residents.
History.
Elfin forest is one of the terms used by naturalists to describe the vegetation which formerly covered much of Southern California. It is variously known as coastal scrub, bush-forest, elfin-wood, heath-scrub, and chaparral. It was designed by nature as the best possible means for conservation of the land and supports many endangered plants and animals, including the gnatcatcher. This coastal scrub is now endangered and the state government is studying ways to protect it. The Elfin Forest valley contains one of the largest areas of coastal scrub in Southern California.
In the 1940s a fire burned a portion of Questhaven Retreat. The retreat's founders, Flower and Lawrence Newhouse, invited the director of the Santa Barbara Botanical Gardens to visit Questhaven to help plan for its replanting. He described the characteristic growth of the area as "elfin forest", a name describing a number of dwarf trees and shrubs mingled together to form a particular variety of chaparral: toyon berry, white and blue wild lilac, manzanita, sumac, lemonade berry, elderberry, mountain mahogany, scrub oak and many more. This combination was found in only three locations in southern California, he said, and the specimens at Questhaven were among the finest he'd ever seen.
The name delighted Flower. On the spot, she and Lawrence decided the hills and valley nestling Questhaven would be called Elfin Forest Canyon and they posted signs along the road using that name.
The naming of the area has also been attributed to the children of Dr. Harvey Urban, a prominent San Diego dentist who, along with Jack Donnelley and George Dew, purchased 20 acres for a vacation spot for their families and friends. While Dr. Urban's friends called the place "Tooth Acres", his five children named the spot Elfin Forest from the book Elfin Forest they had just finished reading.
Elfin Indians
There is evidence that possible ancestors of the Northern Diegueno Indians lived in the Harmony Grove area. An archeological bonanza, many artifacts have been found and efforts to preserve others are underway. Mortars, metates, pictographs, and petroglyphs discovered there help shed light on the Uyman language they were known to have spoken and contribute to a clearer understanding of their primitive way of life more than 9,000 years ago. There are ancient petroglyphs in rocks at the extreme western end of Ninth Avenue. These are Indian symbols and have a connection with others found in Escondido, Hemet, Borrego, and Rancho Bernardo. They seem to be direction finders similar to the magnificent rocks at Stonehenge in England.
The environs of Harmony Grove area were used for meetings of many different Indian tribes. It was considered their Peace Grounds. The Indians believed that the entire area of Harmony Grove and Elfin Forest gave off beneficial vibrations.
Two tribes of Indians who inhabited our area were San Dieguenos and Luisenos. Indians ate edible grasses, wild garlic, mustard, dandelions, berries and other goodies that the unenlightened don't know about. The indigenous oak trees provided acorns that were an important source of nourishment. At least one person in the area has found metates on his property. Surely Indians and early settlers ate deer whose decedents are to be seen in the Questhaven area.
Land Grants
The old Spanish and Mexican land grants of the mid-1800s never included any of the chaparral that could possibly be avoided since it was considered undesirable and made poor pasture land. Squatter Pierre Renand claimed 160 acres in the Harmony Grove area, which was adjacent to the Ranch Rincon del Diablo granted to Juan Bautista Alvardo in 1843. In 1868, the rancho was sold to Ed McGeary and three members of the Wolfskill family. John Wolfskill acquired Renand's portion in 1876 for "one dollar's gold coin." A huge sheep ranch prospered on the Wolfskill ranch for fifteen years.
Spook's Canyon
In the 1880s, a Welshman named Spook homesteaded in the Elfin Forest valley. As recently as 1971, remains of his orchard could be seen. It is probably because of this man that we hear the term "Spooks Canyon," which has been a nickname our valley has had for years. The meetings of spiritualist groups in Harmony Grove provide another version of the origin of that nickname. The name also fits in well with the ghosts and legends that are also part of our area.
The Old Stage Coach Route
Before the turn of the century, the Butterfield Stage Coach Company used Harmony Grove Road as part of its route from Escondido to San Diego. The route went from Ramona to Escondido, followed the Escondido Creek, turned west to Encinitas and then south to San Diego. A man name Parkrider had a store near the junction of Harmony Grove and Elfin Forest Roads. The road was paved in the late 1950s and after the vacation ranch closed down in the 1990s, even the few remaining bricks from the store disappeared.
The Campground
The area's beauty - year round stream and shade trees, as mentioned earlier, led Dr. Harvey Urban, Jack Donnelley, and George Dew to buy twenty acres at the junction of what is now Harmony Grave and Elfin Forest Roads in 1959. They built a house and a dam to create a lake and began adding spaces for trailers, campers, and mobile homes. Additional land (for a total of 97 acres) was purchased and a grocery store was opened. It was referred to as the Elfin Forest Vacation Ranch. They provided boating, fishing, movies, and square dancing. When Dr. Urban opened those acres up to public camping, the campground and the valley around it became popularly known as Elfin Forest. The campground no longer exists. The property is scheduled for development soon.
Recent history.
Until 1977, the community was sparsely developed. In addition to Questhaven Retreat, Harmony Grove Spiritualist Association, and the Elfin Forest Vacation Ranch, there were a few older homes in the surrounding hills. Many new homes were built between 1977 and 1980. Inflation caused interest rates to rise and home building slowed until late 1984. From 1985 to 1992, there was a boom in building in the area. It is estimated that the population of the area grew to 450 homes, with 15 to 20 homes being added each year. From 1992 to 1995, the economic slowdown in San Diego caused building to almost cease. 1996 saw a pickup in the economy with some new building. The population according to the last census stood at 1,000 in 1996 with a projected population of 2,156 in the year 2015. (Ref: SANDAG)
In 1978, there were heavy rains in San Diego County. The Elfin Forest–Harmony Grove areas were severely impacted as torrents of water rushed down Escondido Creek causing a "40-year flood". The beautiful lake in the Vacation Ranch was swept away, the basin around it was severely flooded and the Ranch was devastated. Dr. Urban, who had plans to develop it into exclusive mobile home estates, died shortly afterwards, and his family was forced to sell the acreage. There were plans to develop the ranch into a "Lawrence Welk" type of mobile home park called Lake Elfin Forest, but the plans were not approved by the county.
A volunteer fire department was formed in 1972, and became a fully funded volunteer department in 1982 (voter approval of 89 percent).
In 1975, before Elfin Forest was large enough to be heard, the county approved placing a landfill on Questhaven Road. In 1983, the county proposed placing a trash-to-energy plant on that landfill. The residents of Elfin Forest waged a very long battle to stop construction of that plant. After years of hearings, litigation and many setbacks both politically and financially, the project was stopped. The front end of the plant, however was built in 1993 as a recycling plant, but it was closed down in less than 18 months as being financially unworkable. The landfill was permanently closed in the spring of 1997. The county ended up selling the entire solid waste system to the private sector and the recycling plant is for sale.
As San Diego County continues to develop, the remaining "open space" in Elfin Forest and Harmony Grove is increasingly threatened and scarce.
Hiking.
Elfin Forest Recreational Reserve is a family hike through an ecological preserve. The main trail climbs 1200 ft and has many tributary trails. The Escondido Creek marks the trailhead. The main trail is a 1.6 mile which meanders up a wall then leads up to numerous trails of varying difficulties. There is a Botanical Trail well marked describing the various plant life in the area. One can also extend the hike about 9 miles one way over the mountain to Lake Hodges.
Plant community.
Elfin Forest is one of the terms used by naturalists to describe the chaparral vegetation which formerly covered much of coastal Southern California. It is variously known as California coastal sage and chaparral ecoregion, bush-forest, elfin-wood, heath-scrub. The coastal scrub was designed as the best possible means for conservation of the land and habitats that support many endangered plants and animals, including the gnatcatcher. This coastal scrub is now endangered and the state government is studying ways to protect it. The Elfin Forest valley contains one of the largest areas of virgin coastal scrub in Southern California. An Elfin forest is also a type of Dwarf forest in coastal California and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="9865862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865862" title="April Pearson">
April Pearson

April Janet Pearson (born 23 January 1989) is an English actress best known for her role as Michelle Richardson in the E4 teen drama series, "Skins".
Career.
Pearson joined a theatre group, located in Bristol, at just three years old. Throughout her youth she starred in various plays with both her drama group and at school.
In 1998 she made her television debut in "Casualty", however she made her big break in acting starring as Michelle Richardson in the British drama "Skins". She was cast after casting directors held auditions at her school and her drama teacher suggested she go. Pearson appeared in the first two series of the successful E4 show, but like the rest of the "original" cast members, was written out of the following series in order to introduce a new generation of characters to the show. In addition to her appearances on the show's two series, Pearson can also be seen acting as her character in various segments located on the show's official website.
In 2008 Pearson once again appeared in "Casualty" as a teenager called Karen, followed by her film debut in "Tormented" (2009) alongside her "Skins" co-star Larissa Wilson, in which Pearson plays a sadistic schoolgirl. The film went on to receive mostly positive reviews from critics for which Total Film dubbed it as "A slasher for the "Skins" generation".
Pearson returned to theatre starring in the Bristol Old Vic production "Suspension" in spring of 2009, and in autumn that year as a kidnapped teenager called Callie in New End Theatre's "Negative Space".
Personal life.
During a Skinscast, Pearson's "Skins" co-stars Nicholas Hoult, Mitch Hewer and Joe Dempsie stated that she was a head girl at Colston's Girls' School, which she left in 2007.
Pearson can also be seen in Channel 4's "Lost for Words" campaign, in which she reads aloud from "Kasper in the Glitter" by Philip Ridley.

</doc>
<doc id="9865865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865865" title="Woodrow Lowe">
Woodrow Lowe

Woodrow Lowe (born June 9, 1954 in Columbus, Georgia), is a former professional American football linebacker who played from 1976-1986 for the San Diego Chargers in the National Football League. Lowe played collegiately at the University of Alabama under Bear Bryant from 1972-1975.
College career.
After a stellar career at Central High School in Phenix City, Lowe enrolled at Alabama in 1972, where he found instant success. Lowe became one of only two Alabama players to be named an All American three times (the other is Cornelius Bennett) when he was named an All-American in 1973, 1974, and 1975. Lowe also played on four SEC championship teams, and one national championship team, while he was at Alabama.
Lowe also holds the Alabama record for most tackles in a season, with 134 stops as a sophomore in 1973. He ranks third all-time in tackles at Alabama, with 315 in his career.
San Diego Chargers.
After his time at Alabama, Lowe was chosen by the San Diego Chargers in the 5th round (131st overall pick) in the 1976 NFL Draft.
In his eleven years in San Diego, Lowe was known largely as the epitome of durability and longevity, because he missed only one game in his entire eleven-year NFL career. Moreover, despite his skills in defending the run, Lowe was particularly adept as a pass defender, which is a bit of a rarity for a linebacker. All told, Lowe racked up 21 interceptions as a Charger, and 4 were returned for a touchdown.
Coaching.
After retiring from the NFL, Lowe became a football coach. He spent six years in the NFL as a defensive assistant for the Oakland Raiders and the Kansas City Chiefs, and eventually returned to his alma mater as an assistant coach, a stint which included the Red Devils' 1993 state championship. After spending five years with the UAB Blazers, Lowe moved back to the high school ranks and became the head coach for Central's biggest rival, Smiths Station High School[http://smithsstation.lch.schoolinsites.com/?PageName='SportPage'&SportID='3554']. Lowe was removed from his position at Smiths Station by the Lee County Board of Education in 2008 after compliling a total record of 12 wins and 19 losses in only 3 years as head coach. Lowe was an assistant coach at Jackson-Olin High School in Birmingham.
On December 30, 2009 Lowe was named the head coach and returned home to his alma mater, Central High School in Phenix City, AL. He was relieved of his coaching duties in May 2014. 
Awards.
For his impact through athletics as a player and a coach, Lowe was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame. He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2009.
Personal life.
Lowe is the brother of Eddie Lowe, the mayor of Phenix City.

</doc>
<doc id="9865883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865883" title="Tony O'Dell">
Tony O'Dell

Tony O’Dell (born January 30, 1960) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as preppy Alan Pinkard on the ABC sitcom "Head of the Class" from 1986 to 1991 and Ferdy in "Chopping Mall".
Early life and career.
O'Dell was born Anthony Dell'Aquila in Pasadena, California. His first television appearance was a 1978 episode of the NBC television series "CHiPs", titled "Trick or Treat." His first co-starring role was in 1985 on the short lived CBS science fiction series "Otherworld", as Trace Sterling. He also played the role of the Cobra Kai member Jimmy, in the film The Karate Kid
"Head of the Class".
O’Dell’s next co-starring role was of Manhattan-based high school student Alan Pinkard on the ABC sitcom "Head of the Class" from 1986 to 1991. The series was about a class of diverse geniuses; the character of Alan was preppy, ultra-conservative, and egotistical, his area of expertise being political science.

</doc>
<doc id="9865885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865885" title="Hungry Five">
Hungry Five

The Hungry Five is the collective name given to five Green Bay, Wisconsin area businessmen who were instrumental in keeping the Green Bay Packers franchise in operation during its early years. Together, they raised funds, incorporated the team as a non-profit corporation, sold stock, established the Green Bay Packers Board of Directors and otherwise promoted the franchise. 
The Hungry Five consisted of Curly Lambeau, Andrew B. Turnbull, attorney Gerald Francis Clifford, Dr. W. Webber Kelly and Leland H. Joannes. Turnbull was the Packers' first president and publisher of the Green Bay Press-Gazette. Joannes was the president for 17 years, helping guide the Packers through the Great Depression, near bankruptcy and a second stock sale. Kelly served one year as president, and also as team physician and as a board member. Clifford handled the team's legal affairs for 28 years. All have been inducted into the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame.
Despite their years of service, only coach/player Curly Lambeau was ever paid a salary. They were christened "The Hungry Five" by Milwaukee Journal sportswriter Oliver E. Kuechle because they always seemed to have their hands out for money, since the franchise was often in financial trouble.

</doc>
<doc id="9865891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865891" title="Uzbekistani Figure Skating Championships">
Uzbekistani Figure Skating Championships

The Uzbek Figure Skating Championships are a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national champions of Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9865943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865943" title="Xavi Vallmajó">
Xavi Vallmajó

Xavier Vallmajó Tercero (Born 19 February 1975 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish Professional basketball player.

</doc>
<doc id="9865949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865949" title="Piala Indonesia">
Piala Indonesia

Piala Indonesia (English: Indonesian Cup) is the professional annual cup competition for football clubs in Indonesia. Originally, it started from the amateur football era in 1985. The Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI) organised the full professional cup competition from 2005 until now. The competition was named Copa Indonesia during 2005–2009 and was changed back to Piala Indonesia in 2010.
Traditionally, this tournament involves all the clubs from the whole layers in football competition in Indonesia, which are super league, premier division, first division, second division, and third division.
No competition in 2011, but it is back in 2012.
History.
The initial cup competition started by local amateur football organiser in Java, 1985.
Piala Indonesia.
PSSI started the professional cup competition in 2005. The competition has been named "Copa Indonesia presented by Dji Sam Soe 234" in 2005–2009 due to sponsorship reason. PT. Philip Morris International (Indonesia) is the sponsor of Piala Indonesia 2005–2009

</doc>
<doc id="9865961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865961" title="Type 908 replenishment ship">
Type 908 replenishment ship

The Type 908 (NATO reporting name "Fusu"-class, also known as "Nancang"-class) auxiliary oiler replenishment (AOR) ship is used by the People's Liberation Army Navy to resupply ships at sea with food, munitions, fuel and spare parts. The only ship in this class in Chinese service, is Qinghaihu (Pennant number 885), ex Nancang (Nanyun 953). A similar ship with a Chinese hull classified by China as in the same class is in service with the Royal Thai Navy, as HTMS Similan (Pennant number 871). She was originally laid down for the Soviet Navy as a Komandarn Fedko class merchant tanker, but building work was halted due to insufficient funds, and was then purchased by the PLAN from the Russian Navy unfinished in 1993. The ship has a near sister ship (INS Jyoti (A58)) operating with the Indian Navy.
The Fusu-class AOR is the 2nd generation Chinese replenishment ship that is outfitted with a total of six cranes, four oil refuelling stations, and two stores stations. This allows the ship to replenish three warships simultaneously. The ship, through her helicopter facilities, is able to replenish warships operating nearby via vertical replenishment (VERTREP).
Background.
The Fusu (Nancang) class is the result of the 2nd stage of the development of the Chinese fleet replenishment ship. Although considered somewhat successful, the Fuqing (Taikang) class replenishment oilers could not completely satisfy the requirement of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN). One of the primary drawbacks of this class is that they are mainly for replenish liquid supplies, i.e. fuel and water. These ships of the 1st stage of the development of Chinese replenishment ships could only replenish extremely limited dry supplies, and are virtually incapable of resupply ammos, because the Chinese industry at the time lacked the capability to provide sounding safety measures for resupplying and storing ammos with fuels. This is one of the two primary constrains that despite the fact that on August 28, 1977, the Central Military Commission (People's Republic of China) ordered the resumption of the development of fleet replenishment ship that is capable of one-stop replenishment, (i.e. being capable of resupply ammos, fuels, water, and solid supplies together by a single ship, a concept first pioneered by United States Navy), the project was eventually put on hold.
The other primary constrain was a financial one, as Chinese economy was near the verge of total collapse resulting from the Cultural Revolution. Eventually, as the Economic reform in the People's Republic of China that first begun in 1979 rapidly improved Chinese economy, the 2nd stage of the development of the Chinese fleet replenishment ship was resumed in 1988, after around a decade of dormancy. PLAN had a lot of expectations for the new class of ship: in addition to being capable of one-stop replenishment, the new ship was also required to be a hospital ship. However, to meet such high expectation of PLAN, the cost was driven up multiple times. As the design was completed, the price tag of the proposed new ship exceeded what PLAN could afford and the project was in danger of being canceled again.
Origin.
Just as the 2nd stage of the development of the Chinese fleet replenishment ship was about to be yet again put on hold, there was an unexpected turn of fortune that saved the project from being scrapped. After the breakup of Soviet Union at the end of 1991, Ukraine was eager to sell a half completed replenishment ship built for the Soviet navy. Originally laid down as Soviet Ship Vladimir Peregudov, a Komandam Fedko class merchant tanker, the ship was modified as a replenishment ship for the Soviet navy, but building work was halted due to insufficient funding. Chinese were interested in the ship and the original chief designer of the proposed 2nd generation Chinese replenishment ship, Chinese Academy of Sciences academician Mr. Zhang Wende (张文德) was named as the head of the Chinese delegation and chief negotiator, and his team was sent to Ukraine to evaluate the ship intended for the former Soviet navy.
The Chinese delegation discovered that the main engine and the generator had been already installed, but not pipes, cables and wires, and Chinese considered the quality of the ship was in excellent condition. Upon returning China, Zhang Wende and his colleagues strongly suggested to Chinese authorities to buy the ship, and they were sent to Ukraine for the second time to finalize the deal. Because many of the subsystems of the ship were built in Saint Petersburg, some of Zhang Wende’s team members were also sent to Russia to secure the purchase of these subsystems, which they completed successfully. On November 6, 1992, the deal was formally signed by China and Ukraine, and the original funding for developing the 2nd generation domestic Chinese replenishment ship was diverted to purchase the uncompleted ship for the former-Soviet navy.
Development.
On May 1, 1993, the uncompleted former Soviet naval ship was towed to Dalian shipyard from Ukrainian Kherson shipyard. In addition to the hull and subsystems, China also purchased the design, which was immediately modified to meet the Chinese needs. Chinese Academy of Sciences academician Mr. Zhang Wende (张文德), the original chief designer of the 2nd generation domestic Chinese replenishment ship was named as the chief designer and the program manager of this conversion project. On May 8, 1996, it entered Chinese service in South Sea Fleet, where it has remained until today. The pennant number was originally Nanyun (南运)-953, but later changed to 885, with name Qinghaihu (青海湖), and this upgraded ship became the 2nd generation Chinese replenishment ship, replacing the originally planned indigenous one.
The conversion project was deemed successful and worthy but Chinese, who had gained important insights on Soviet design principle, core technologies, important subsystems, layout, and other expertise that were difficult for Chinese to obtain, and these valuable knowledge would later help China in designing its next generation replenishment ships. The most important gain, however, was financial. The original funding that was insufficient to develop a proposed indigenous 2nd generation Chinese replenishment ship was not only enough to buy the uncompleted former Soviet ship, but also had enough left to cover the following conversion work. One of the primary areas of improvement of the original former-Soviet design was in damage control, which was woefully inadequate (Rumored due to its original civilian merchant tanker design). Some of the interior wiring was exposed, and the ship's battle damage control system was very limited, with a near absence of internal damage limitation, insufficient fire-suppression system and water-tight locks. Incorporate the experienced gained from the rework of Type 053 frigates exported to Royal Thai Navy, the damage control of the ship was upgraded to western (mostly German and American) standards.
HTMS Similan.
In January, 1993, China received the notification from Thai government, informing the former’s intention to purchase a replenishment ship for its light aircraft carrier fleet. China decided to join the bid, among other western shipbuilders including DCNS, Fincantieri, BAZAN, Hyundai and Dutch Schelde shipyards, and the Chinese design would be very similar to the converted former-Soviet ship, with work on both ships would be performed simultaneously. The original chief designer of the cancelled 2nd generation domestic Chinese replenishment ship, academician Zhang Wende (张文德), who was named as the chief designer and the program manager of the conversion project for the Chinese navy, was also assigned an additional task, as the chief designer of second ship China would be building for export to Thai navy. China managed to beat its western competitors and won the Thai contract.
Work on the ship built for Thai navy went well and the ship was completed on August 12, 1996. Zhang Wende, the chief designer personally stayed on board the ship for twelve days during the voyage to Thailand, gathering information at the very last moment, so that it would help in the future design of the next generation Chinese replenishment ship. Whenever possible, Zhang personally operated the ship, including radars, handling boats the ship carried, and other tasks. The ship was formally accepted to the Thai naval service on September 12, 1996, and was named HTMS Similan (pennant number 187).
HTMS Similan is very similar to its sister ship in Chinese service, except it uses a Chinese hull. The most important difference, however, is in upgrading its replenishment capability. Despite being able to replenish solid supplies, the capability to resupply ammo is still rather limited for the Chinese ship. The Thai ship has further overcome this problem by increasing the ammo resupply capability. Despite the difference between two ships, most of the technologies and components, especially those core technologies for both ships remain the same, and for this reason, China has placed HTMS Similan and the Chinese ship Qinghaihu (青海湖) in the same class. This class would eventually evolve into Fuchi (Qiandaohu) class.

</doc>
<doc id="9865964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865964" title="The Control Group">
The Control Group

The Control Group is a relatively small record label, founded by Nabil Ayers. Notable artists to have albums released by this label include Kings of Leon and The Killers.

</doc>
<doc id="9865969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865969" title="Matore">
Matore

Matore is a village, surrounded by hills, in the heart of Kahuta Tehsil a subdivision of Rawalpindi District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at and has an altitude of 778 metres (2555 feet),

</doc>
<doc id="9865980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865980" title="Eleanor Glynn">
Eleanor Glynn

Eleanor Mary Anne Glynn (born 28 March 1986) is an English singer, songwriter and guitarist, she was born in Oxfordshire England. She won the Miss SIXTV Oxfordshire title in 2005, the Miss Oxfordshire title in 2006 and the Miss England 2006/7 title on the 14 July 2006, she later went on to represent England in the Miss World 2006 contest in Poland and then Miss Great Britain in the Miss Europe 2006 contest. Ukraine.
Biography.
1986 - 1998 Growing Up.
Eleanor Mary Anne Glynn was born in Oxford on 28 March 1986. She grew up listening to classic rock, English folk and metal and her father fronts a Tom Petty tribute band. Glynn was a member of the 17th century English Civil War re-enactment society The Sealed Knot for over 15 years and attended many cultural May morning events in Oxford growing up.
She spent most of her lunch times in the music practice rooms at school; rehearsing and recording daily where she sang, performed and wrote with the school girl band. Rehearsing at Eleanor's home, local leisure centres, play schemes and the local church.
1998 - 2013 Music training.
Glynn started studying classical piano in Oxfordshire . Glynn was awarded in piano in conjunction with the Royal London School of Music and attended The Virtuoso songwriting contest held in Reading in 2004. 
Eleanor was part of the Miss World 2006 talent show; performing Classic English Rock song 'Since You Been Gone' hosted in Wroclaw. This was followed by a performance at The City Of Music.
Glynn has taken part in the filming of two music videos, one Chico ( X Factor ) 'Curvy Cola Bottle Body filmed at Pinewood' the second was for artist Zak Knight 'All Over Again' produced and directed by company Pixelloft. 
In 2007, Glynn recorded a World Cup Song with a group called 'The Miss England Girls', entitled 'Come on England (Time for Glory) this was recorded and released with ShaileRyde.
As of 2010 Eleanor has worked on a variety of musical projects; having vocally featured on a released classical track 'Amnesia' recorded in London studios; composed by Martin Simpkin, a BBC Children in Need charity single; Electronic rock cover of 'The Living Daylights' , a two album industrial rock project with producer duo Sikorski and more recently various other projects providing backing vocals for bands; in live performance, and artists; in the studio.
Career.
2006 - 2014 Music.
Glynn now performs both in an acoustic duo and as a solo artist .
Miss England.
Winner of Miss SIXTV Oxfordshire in 2003 and participated in Miss England 2004 (London) .Winner of Miss Oxfordshire 2005 and participated in Miss England 2006 (Leicester).
Winner of Miss England 2006 and participated in Miss World 2006 (Poland). Represented Great Britain in the Miss Europe 2006 competition (Ukraine)
Modelling.
Eleanor has supported numerous local and national charity fashion shows and events as well as modelling for independent and local fashion companies alongside River Island and Racoon Hair Extensions. During her year as Miss England, Glynn made local and national headlines having campaigned to ban size zero models from London Fashion Week and had a spread and photoshoot in Hello Magazine .
Music TV presenting.
In 2005 Eleanor had a presenting slot live on a local broadcasting channels Music TV show titled 
' Passion TV' in conjunction with SIXTV studios.
Bollywood.
Glynn was offered an Indian film role .
2014/2015.
Eleanor is focussing on her music.

</doc>
<doc id="9865982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9865982" title="Benedetto Coda">
Benedetto Coda

Benedetto Coda (1492 - 1535) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance active in Rimini.
Born in Treviso, Vasari claimed that Coda trained with Giovanni Bellini. He stayed for a brief period in Ferrara and settled in Rimini in the last decade of the 15th century. His works however have little in common with the Venetian School but lean rather towards the style of Francesco Raibolini, called Francesco Francia. There might also be possible Umbrian influences. His art is mannered and archaistic, but also meticulous and pleasing.
Apart from his activity in Rimini, he also worked for several centres in Romagna and the Marche (Faenza, Ravenna, Cesena, Pennabilli, Pesaro and Urbino), in many cases, together with his sons (Bartolomeo, Francesco and Raffaele).
He was elected a member of the City Counsel. When he died in 1535, this office went to his son Bartolomeo.

</doc>
<doc id="9866002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866002" title="Alberto Miguel">
Alberto Miguel

Alberto Miguel Martín (born May 29, 1977 in Laredo, Cantabria) is a Spanish professional basketball player.
Honours.
Plus Pujol Lleida

</doc>
<doc id="9866022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866022" title="Reinosa">
Reinosa

Reinosa is a municipality in Cantabria, Spain. , it has 10,307 inhabitants. The municipality, one of the smallest by land area in Cantabria, is notable for being one of the nearest towns to the headwaters of the Ebro River.
Montesclaros High School is located in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="9866040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866040" title="List of National Basketball Association top individual scoring season averages">
List of National Basketball Association top individual scoring season averages

This list exhibits the National Basketball Association's top single-season scoring averages based on at least 70 games played "or" 1400 points scored. The NBA began recording 3-point field goals during the 1979–80 NBA season.

</doc>
<doc id="9866048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866048" title="Bill W. and Dr. Bob">
Bill W. and Dr. Bob

Bill W. and Dr. Bob is a play written by Stephen Bergman and Janet Surrey, published by Samuel French, Inc.
The play will return to Off-Broadway after being produced in some thirty of the fifty United States, Australia, Canada, and England. "Bill W. and Dr. Bob" will begin previews at The Soho Playhouse on July 8th, 2013.*
The first production of Bill W. and Dr. Bob began previews off-Broadway at New World Stages on February 16, 2007 and opened on March 5, 2007. It ran for 132 performances and closed on June 10, 2007. It is based on the story of William Wilson (Bill W.) and Dr. Robert Smith (Bob S., or "Dr. Bob"), the founders of Alcoholics Anonymous and their wives Lois Wilson and Anne Smith, creators of Al-Anon. "Bill W. and Dr. Bob" is written by Stephen Bergman and Janet Surrey, produced by Bradford S. Lovette, Dr. Michael and Judith Weinberg, and The New Repertory Theatre and stars Marc Carver as Man, Kathleen Doyle as Anne Smith, Deanna Dunmyer as Woman, Rachel Harker as Lois Wilson, Patrick Husted as Dr. Bob Smith and Robert Krakovski as Bill Wilson. It was directed by Rick Lombardo and with music composed by Ray Kennedy. 
A video was produced of the 2007 Off-Broadway production by The Hazelden Foundation.
The 2013 Production.
A new production of Bill W. and Dr. Bob began on July 8th at The Soho Playhouse in NYC in 2013. 
In the new production, Patrick Boll (Mamma Mia, Faith Healer, Twentieth Century) will star as Bill Wilson, a famous New York stockbroker who crashes with the stock market, becoming a miserable drunk. Returning to the role he performed to acclaim at the Cleveland Playhouse, Timothy Crowe (resident acting member of Trinity Repertory Company) will play Dr. Bob Smith, a surgeon in Akron who has been an alcoholic for thirty years and often goes into the operating room with a hangover. Both are isolated, alone, and on the brink of death. Through an astonishing series of events, the two men are brought together and, realizing that “the only thing that can keep a drunk sober is telling his story to another drunk,” forge a relationship. They help each other stay sober, and then pass on what they’ve learned to others.
The wives of Bill and Bob are an essential part of this remarkable story. In the upcoming production, Denise Cormier (Bill W. and Dr. Bob at the Cleveland Play House) and Deborah Hedwall (The Fall to Earth), respectively, will play Lois Wilson and Anne Smith. Daniel Pearce (The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee, Falling) and Liz Wisan (Other Desert Cities), as the Man and the Woman, will play many various roles.The creative team for this production includes set designer Wilson Chin (The Jammer), costume designer Teresa Snider-Stein (I’m Not Rappaport) and lighting designer Ann Wrightson (Tony nominee August: Osage County). The Hazelden Foundation is the Presenter, Cinnamon Ventures is the Producer, and Roy Gabay Productions (Chaplin, Rock of Ages) is General Manager.This production is funded by tax-exempt donations to the non-profit Hazelden Foundation. There are no investors. Net proceeds go to Hazelden to support a college tour of Bill W. and Dr. Bob to address the epidemic of binge drinking on campuses, and to patient aid and educational resources for youth and young adults.Disclaimer: This work does not imply affiliation with or endorsement by Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc.
Awards.
Winner, 2007 Performing Arts Award National Council on Alcohol and Drug dependenceWinner, 2010 Best Play Award, Regional British Columbia Drama FestivalWinner, 2010 Best Play Award, Regional British Columbia Drama FestivalWinner, 2010 Top Theatre Stories in Cleveland, Cleveland Plain DealerWinner, 1995 One of the best plays of the year  San Diego Union TribuneWinner, 1995 Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Award to Dr. Samuel Shem
The story.
"In 1929, the famous New York stockbroker William G. Wilson crashed with the stock market and became a hopeless drunk. Dr. Bob Smith was a surgeon from Ohio, who had also been an alcoholic for thirty years. In fact, he often went into the operating room with a hangover. Through an astonishing series of events, Bill W. and Dr. Bob Smith met and formed a relationship, each helping to keep the other sober. The two went on to form AA together." Set mostly in 1935, Bill W. and Dr. Bob has been lauded—for its authenticity, its humanity and its humor—by critics and remarkably diverse audiences, regardless of whether they, or one of their loved ones, are alcoholic. When the show was last produced in NYC, in 2007, The New York Times called it “an insightful new play,” and The New Yorker described it as “an endearing portrait of friendship uplifted by warm humor.” Variety has called the play “deeply human and audience-embracing.” The Boston Globe deemed it “inspiring” and “a textured, truthful telling of AA’s story,” and wrote that the play provides “evocative portraits of two complex men, without portraying either as an untarnished hero.” The San Francisco Chronicle described the show as “surprisingly entertaining, engrossing, and touching,” and found that “most moving is in the growing bond between Lois and Anne, the wives.” TalkinBroadway.com, among many others, pointed out that “you don’t have to be an alcoholic or a member of AA to enjoy this—this is what good theatre should be.”
About the Creators.
Samuel Shem (Co-Writer and Co-Producer) Samuel Shem (née Stephen Bergman ) has been called “easily the finest and most important writer ever to focus on the lives of doctors and the world of medicine” (The Bulletin of the Harvard Club of NYC). His classic novel about medical internship, The House of God (1978), was recently named by the British medical journal The Lancet as one of the two most important American medical novels of the 20th century (the other being Sinclair Lewis’ Arrowsmith). It has sold over two million copies in thirty languages. The Boston Globe called the sequel, Mount Misery (1996), about psychiatric residency at a mental hospital of that name, “outrageously funny, a sage and important novel by a healer and a Shakespearean.” These novels are bestsellers in America, Germany, Spain, Latvia, and the Czech Republic. Shem is also the author of Fine (1986), a novel about a psychoanalyst, which The New York Times described as “funny…full of dazzling, zany intelligence…energetic and exuberant.” The Spirit of the Place(2008, Penguin paperback 2012) was the winner of the national “Best Novel of 2008” award from USA Book News, and the national “IPPY—Independent Publishers Book Award (Silver Medal) for Best Literary Fiction 2009.”Two of Shem’s plays, Room for One Woman and Napoleon’s Dinner, have been published in The Best Short Plays anthologies.Aside from Bill W. and Dr. Bob, Shem and Surrey are authors of a nonfiction book, We Have to Talk: Healing Dialogues between Women and Men (1999, Basic Books), winner of the 1999 Paradigm Shift Award of the Boston Interfaith Counseling Service, and a curriculum for middle/high school students, Making Connections: Building Gender Dialogue and Community in Secondary School.Shem / Bergman is a prolific speaker all over the world. He has given commencement addresses at over fifty medical schools including, in 2009, the Commencement Address at Harvard Medical School. In 2008 he delivered the Gold Lecture in Medical Humanities at the American Association of Medical Colleges, and the 2008 keynote addresses at the American Society of Bioethics and Humanities, and the American Medical Student Association. In 2012 Shem and Surrey were Visiting Artists/Scholars at the American Academy in Rome. www.samuelshem.com
Janet Surrey (Co-Writer and Co-Producer) Janet Surrey is a clinical psychologist, author, Buddhist teacher, and founding scholar of the Jean Baker Miller Training Institute at Wellesley College. She is co-author of Women's Growth in Connection and Mothering Against the Odds, as well as other nonfiction books that deal with women’s relational psychology, addiction and spirituality. She was a faculty member of Harvard University for many years, and is now a member of the Institute of Meditation and Psychology in Boston. She is co-author, with Samuel Shem, of We Have to Talk: Healing Dialogues between Women and Men, and also a curriculum, Making Connections: Building Gender Dialogue and Community in Secondary Schools, 2006. Known for her writing and speaking all over the world, she recently completed a training program to be a Community Dharma Leader.
Seth Gordon (Director) Seth Gordon is Associate Artistic Director of the St. Louis Rep this season. Previously, he spent nine seasons in the same capacity at the Cleveland Play House. At the Play House, he produced FusionFest, a performing arts festival, and the Next Stage Festival of New Plays. His Play House directing credits include Dinner with Friends, Proof, Forest City (world premiere), Vincent in Brixton, Tuesdays with Morrie, A Christmas Story, RFK, Of Mice and Men, The Chosen, Doubt, The Lady with All the Answers, Inherit the Wind, Bill W. and Dr. Bob, and A Soldier’s Tale, which featured a rarely produced libretto by Kurt Vonnegut. This season for the Rep he’ll direct Next Fall at the Grandel Theatre and The Fall of Heaven in the main stage season, in addition to directing A Christmas Story at Syracuse Stage. He has also directed in Cleveland for Dobama Theatre, the Cleveland Shakespeare Festival, and the Beck Center for the Arts. He recently directed the Arabic premiere of Our Town in Cairo. Previously, he served as Literary Manager and then as Associate Producer of Primary Stages in New York, where he produced and/or directed countless productions, workshops and readings of new plays by this country’s leading playwrights. He has also directed at many other New York theatres, and has directed and lectured at various universities including The New School and Case Western Reserve University. He received the 2004 and 2006 Northern Ohio Live Award for Excellence in Theatre. He considers himself a lucky man. Seth directed the box-office smash, critically acclaimed production of Bill W. and Dr. Bob at the Cleveland Play House in 2010

</doc>
<doc id="9866055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866055" title="Paradise, Arizona">
Paradise, Arizona

Paradise is a ghost town in Cochise County in the U.S. state of Arizona. The town was settled in 1901 in what was then the Arizona Territory.
History.
In 1901 the Chiricahua Development Company located a vein of ore here. A post office was established on October 23, 1901, and at its peak, the town had saloons, general stores, a jail and a hotel. The town was essentially abandoned when the local mines failed, and the post office closed on September 30, 1943. However, a few residents remained. In June 2011, there were five permanent residents and 29 standing structures when the Horseshoe 2 Fire swept through the area.
Geography.
Paradise is located 5.7 miles west (up-mountain) from Portal, Arizona at (31.9348131,-109.2189503), and is surrounded by Coronado National Forest land.
In popular culture.
A fictional town named Paradise in Arizona is the main setting of the video game "Postal 2". The town is destroyed by a nuclear explosion at the end of the game. However, the town in Postal 2 is actually based on Bisbee, Arizona, as confirmed by one of the developers.
The movie Postal is also set in a fictional town named Paradise. While the movie doesn't directly identify the state, there is a scene where a law enforcement agent is stopped behind an elderly woman who doesn't grasp the concept of a green light. The license plate on her car is clearly Arizona

</doc>
<doc id="9866065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866065" title="Accountability Act">
Accountability Act

Accountability Act may refer to a number of different pieces of legislation:

</doc>
<doc id="9866080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866080" title="Barbed Wire Act 1893">
Barbed Wire Act 1893

The Barbed Wire Act 1893 (56 & 57 Vict. c. 32) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It provided that where barbed wire was placed adjoining a highway in such a manner as to which pose a danger to people or animals using the highway, then the local authority was empowered to demand its removal; if the owner of the wire failed to remove it, they could apply for a court order, and if this failed they were empowered to remove it themselves and charge any expenses to the owner.
The Act has since been repealed by various legislation, predominantly by the Highways Act 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="9866082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866082" title="Pilot (Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip)">
Pilot (Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip)

Pilot is the first episode of the television series "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip". The episode was first aired in the United States on the NBC network on September 18, 2006. Written by series creator Aaron Sorkin, and directed by executive producer Thomas Schlamme, the episode introduces the chaotic behind-the-scenes depiction of a fictional "Saturday Night Live" type show also called "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip".
Plot.
The executive producer of a late night sketch comedy show sparks a media frenzy when he has an on-air meltdown during a live broadcast. The newly appointed network president, Jordan McDeere (Amanda Peet), has to scramble to make things right by hiring back two former prized employees to become the new executive producers of her network's flagship program. In doing so, she appoints two former members of the team: writer Matt Albie (Matthew Perry) and former sketch producer, now director Danny Tripp (Bradley Whitford), who had left the show years before on terms that were not amicable. Meanwhile Albie and ex-girlfriend Harriet Hayes (Sarah Paulson) come to terms with having to work on the show together very soon after their breakup.
Reception.
Ratings.
The episode scored a Nielsen rating of 8.6/14 during its première on NBC, but suffered from a significant drop in viewers from the first-half hour to the second. Aired directly after "Deal or No Deal", the show retained 81% of its audience with an average 13.4 millions viewers tuned in at 10pm. The show lost around 2.5 million of these viewers as the show progressed, with rival broadcasts "" and "Supernanny" both picking up viewers over the hour.
Critical Reception.
"Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip"s premiere was well received by the majority of critics. Tad Friend of "The New Yorker" granted it a four-page review, in which he praised the dialogue, saying that "[the characters] get into pickles because they mouth off—and it’s great television because television prizes banter above all forms of conversation." Brian Lowry of "Variety" compliments the way the series "weds Aaron Sorkin's crackling dialogue and willingness to tackle big ideas", and praises the rapport between Perry and Whitford. "The Washington Post"s Tom Shales was less impressed with the episode, remaining uninterested in the "complications and relationships", and accusing Sorkin of pretentiousness.
Awards.
This episode won the 2007 Banff World Television Festival award for best continuing series, despite the fact that at the time of its win the series had already been cancelled by NBC. Thomas Del Ruth was nominated for an American Society of Cinematographers award for Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography in Movies of the Week/Pilots for his work on this episode, and creator Aaron Sorkin was nominated for a Writers Guild of America award for best episodic drama.

</doc>
<doc id="9866094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866094" title="William Danoff">
William Danoff

William Danoff is a vice-president and portfolio manager of Fidelity Contrafund, which, at over US$110 billion, is the second largest single-manager fund in the United States.
Contrafund.
William Danoff is the single manager of the Fidelity Contrafund; a mutual fund by Fidelity. The Contrafund is one Fidelity's largest mutual funds holding over $111 billion in size making it the second largest single manager mutual fund in the world; William Danoff being only twenty-three years old is considered an industry phenom. Danoff has made the Contrafund mutual fund a huge success with beating the S&P 500's trailing one year, three year, five year, ten year and fifteen year trailing time periods, making the contrafund one of three to accomplish such an achievement still in the market place as of the beginning of the year 2014 (according to Morningstar Incorporated). However, the achievement assessed by Morningstar Incorporated is more impressive due to the fact that the Fidelity Contrafund holds over $100 billion in investments making the accomplishment rare and more difficult.
The level at which William Danoff has accomplished such heights in profits is all the more impressive when considering the size of the Fidelity Contrafund is the second largest actively managed mutual fund in the market as it sits now behind the American Funds Growth Fund of America (AGTHX). To boot, the American Funds Growth Fund of America holds about $138.9 Billion; only approximately a quarter larger than William Danoff's captained Fidelity Contrafund. The other thing to be considered in the comparison between the American Funds Growth Fund of America and the Fidelity Contrafund is that the American Funds' flagship mutual fund has eleven to twelve managers where the Fidelity Contrafund is only managed by William Danoff; this fact contributes to the industry praise and belief that Danoff is a mutual fund managing prodigy. William Danoff said in an interview in the summer of 2013 to help explain his success - "Larger funds have a higher degree of difficulty. For me, it's the ability to make big bets — it's harder. My denominator is so big that it's not that easy to find really great stories at scale."

</doc>
<doc id="9866105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866105" title="D. M. Schurman">
D. M. Schurman

Donald Mackenzie Schurman (born 2 September 1924 in Sydney, Nova Scotia; died 16 June 2013 in Kingston, Ontario) was a Canadian historian. He was professor of history at Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, and also served at the Royal Military College of Canada. In the Festschrift published in his honour in 1997, the editors hailed D. M. Schurman as the "founder of the serious study of naval history in Canada".
Early life and education.
The son of Bertrand Lloyd Schurman, a civil servant, and his wife, Mabel P. Mackenzie, Donald Schurman joined the Royal Canadian Air Force and became a flying officer in 1945. After demobilisation, he attended Acadia University, where he earned his bachelor of arts degree in 1949. Going on to graduate studies at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, he completed his Ph.D. in history in 1955 with a thesis on "Imperial defence, 1868-1887".
Career.
Schurman began his work as an historian of the British Empire, but this topic became unpopular as a scholarly subject so Schurman translated his interest in imperial history to naval history. His 1965 book 'The Education of a Navy, The Development of British Naval Strategic Thought, 1867-1914' (London: Cassell, 1965), focusses on the development of strategic thinking in the Royal Navy, created a new approach to the subject that linked naval thinkers and their personalities with British imperial naval policy and strategy. He followed this with a biography of the important strategic thinker, Sir Julian Corbett. Schurman's research on this subject had a profound effect on the study of naval history in Canada, and influenced a new generation of naval historians in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
Schurman joined with John Matthews, Professor of English at Queens University, to start a search in 1972 for the letters of Benjamin Disraeli as a sabbatical project. Their success in tracking down many previously undiscovered manuscript letters led to the establishment in 1975 of the Disraeli Project. They were joined in their effort by Professor J. A. W. Gunn, Professor (and at that time Head) of the Political Science Department at Queen’s. Professor Matthews was appointed Senior Editor, and Schurman joined in editing the first two volumes of the project. When the funding ended after the first two volumes, the project became dormant, but has since continued on the foundation that Matthews and Schurman initially laid.

</doc>
<doc id="9866133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866133" title="Edouard Aleata">
Edouard Aleata

Edouard Aleata, commonly called Eddie, was a fictional character on the now-cancelled American soap opera "Love of Life". He was played by actor John Aniston. 
Eddie was one of Meg Dale's husbands. He had been married to her, before she had returned to the fictional community of Rosehill, New York. It was during the time she had been out of touch with her family, after trying to foist a paternity suit on a lawyer she had dated in New York City. 
A continental and cultured Latin man, Eddie was also very suave. He was the only real father that Caroline Aleata had ever known, as he pointedly told his ex-wife in an episode in 1975. Eddie had arrived in Rosehill at the request of his former sister in-law, Van. Cal had been raped by her mother's despicable husband, Jeff Hart, and had discovered that her friend Rick Latimer had been dating Meg. Cal had been so angry at both that she drove her car off an embankment. He came to help give his stepdaughter the love that she so desperately needed. 
Eddie had also met Felicia Lamont (Pamela Lincoln), who was Van's next door neighbor (she was married to Bruce's friend, Charles Lamont). They had an affair, which unnerved Charles. Charles was later shot and Felicia had been taking care of him as his nurse. Later, Felicia died. 
Not long after Felicia's death, he later met a female attorney (played by John Aniston's second wife, Sherry Rooney) and they left Rosehill together.

</doc>
<doc id="9866146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866146" title="HMS Chester">
HMS Chester

Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Chester", after the city of Chester:
There was also a planned Castle class corvette named HMS "Chester Castle". She was cancelled in 1943.
A fictional HMS "Chester" appeared in the James Bond film "Tomorrow Never Dies". The interior shots are actually from the Type 23 frigate HMS "Westminster". A Type 23 model was built for the exterior shots.

</doc>
<doc id="9866155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866155" title="Segmentina nitida">
Segmentina nitida

The shining ram's-horn snail, Segmentina nitida, is a species of minute, air-breathing, freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails.
Description.
The shell of this species is sinistral in coiling and almost planispiral in shape. The spire is deeply sunken. The surface of the shell is glossy.
The maximum shell diameter is about 7 mm.
Habitat.
This species lives in water weeds, in ponds and marsh drainage ditches. It is uncommon to rare.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="9866182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866182" title="Sand Lake (Anchorage)">
Sand Lake (Anchorage)

In Anchorage, Alaska, Sand Lake is the area surrounding Sand Lake, a stocked lake in the southwest part of the city. It is south of the Ted Stevens International Airport and Lake Spenard. The lake itself is located at and has a surface area of . It is one of the few big-city lakes in the world with Common and Pacific loon populations. Its shores are mostly privately owned, but a small park to the northeast allows public access. Kayakers, fishermen, picnickers and birdwatchers frequent the area. The lake is stocked with fish by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game with rainbow trout and salmon populations. Northern pike, illegally introduced to the lake, have a detrimental impact on rainbow trout populations. Northern pike are significant predators on rainbow trout and salmon. In 2006 residents of the lake asked the Alaska Department of Fish and Game (ADF&G) for help in removing northern pike from the lake and initial planning began resulting in the application of the fish poison rotenone in 2009 to restore the fishery. In 2010 surveys confirmed that the lake was free of northern pike and ADF&G restocked the lake with rainbow trout, Arctic char, and Arctic grayling.
In July 2011 an invasive aquatic plant, Elodea, was discovered in dense growths in Sand Lake as well as nearby DeLong and Little Campbell Lakes. It has also been found in Chena Slough and Chena Lakes in Fairbanks; a few lakes near Cordova; and Daniels, Stormy, and Beck Lakes on the Kenai Peninsula. It is suspected that it may have entered the lake through the dumping of an aquarium as this species is a popular aquatic plant used by aquarium hobbyists and is commonly used as a teaching specimen in local middle schools. This introduction is of much concern due to Elodea's ability to negatively impact recreational uses, floatplane operations, fish and wildlife habitat, and property values. 
Another local attraction is Kincaid Park to the west.
The area becomes generally more affluent nearer to the lake, with quite a range of demographics expanding out.
The local High School is Dimond High School although some students attend South Anchorage High School.
The neighborhood was hard hit by the 2005 National Scout Jamboree accident, which killed four Anchorage residents.
Recent developments in the area include the addition of over 700 homes to in the new West Park subdivision, one of the largest additions to Anchorage in years.

</doc>
<doc id="9866189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866189" title="1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Overall">
1991 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Overall

Men's Overall World Cup 1990/1991
In Men's Overall World Cup all results count. The parallel slalom did not count for the Overall World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9866211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866211" title="Charadros">
Charadros

The Charadros (Greek: Χάραδρος) is a river in the northwest central part of Achaea, Greece.
Geography.
The Charadros river begins in the Panachaiko mountains, it passes through the municipalities of Rio and Patras. The river flows in a rocky setting, through a valley with mountains and a forest. The river passes along mountain roads and the road linking the old GR-8 (Athens - Corinth - Patras) and the Panachaiko Ski Center as well as another road with Ano and Kato Kastritsi and part of it is the Georgiou Papandreou Avenue. The lower part flows through grasslands and forests. It is crossed by three bridges, the old and the new GR-8/E55 and the GR-5 and the GR-48 and above the Patras Bypass, it enters an urban area mixed with farmlands and passes under the OSE's SPAP line and the road before emptying into the Gulf of Corinth 1 km to the northwest.
From west of the GR-8A to Kato Kastritsi, it is the boundary between Patras and Rio; it also flows through most of Patras' neighbourhood of Proastio. 
The stream is dry during the summer months except when it rains in the mountains.
History.
During the Ancient times, the shepherds believed that ewes that drank water from the river during the spring bore only male lambs; for this reason, they also watered their cows here. During the Venetian rule, the Venetians named the river Velevitsio (Βελεβίτσιο, Bel vizio) and it gave its name to the village of Velvitsi.

</doc>
<doc id="9866228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866228" title="Anisus vorticulus">
Anisus vorticulus

The ramshorn snail, Anisus vorticulus is a species of minute, air-breathing, freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails.
Distribution.
This species is mentioned in annexes II and IV of the Habitats Directive.
It occurs in:
Habitat.
This small snail lives in pools with standing water and in oxbow lakes, but these biotopes are threatened because of sedimentation and ecological succession.
In the Czech Republic this species usually lives in biotopes where there are lots of "Lemna trisulca".
Water quality that is suitable for "Anisus vorticulus" is water without turbidity; with a pH from 7 to 7,5; with calcium from 40 to 400 mg/l and with electrical conductivity from 200 to 1100 mS/m.

</doc>
<doc id="9866245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866245" title="Sergio Kindle">
Sergio Kindle

Sergio Valent'e Kindle (born September 20, 1987) is an American football linebacker who is currently a Free Agent. He was drafted by the Ravens in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Texas, and was the first player ever to be a finalist for both the Butkus and the Ted Hendricks Award.
Early years.
Kindle was coached by Bobby Estes at Woodrow Wilson High School in Dallas, Texas. Playing offense and defense, he excelled at running back and linebacker, rushing for 5627 yards and 86 touchdowns.
Kindle was also the only player in Texas to boast all-state honors on both offense and defense in 2005. He was also named first-team All-American by "USA Today" as well as a "PARADE" All-America selection and "Parade" Player of the Year finalist. After his senior season, Kindle was invited to play in the 2006 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
Regarded as a five-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Kindle was ranked as the No. 1 inside linebacker prospect in the class of 2006. and was considered the best linebacker prospect from the Dallas area since Dallas Carter's Jessie Armstead in 1989.
Kindle also played basketball as Woodrow Wilson High's starting center in addition to running the 400m, 4×400-meter relay and competing in the long jump.
College career.
After missing the first two games of the 2006 Longhorn football season with an ankle injury, Kindle appeared in 11 games at strongside linebacker and on special teams. He registered 21 tackles, three tackles for losses and ranked third on the team in special teams tackles with eight.
Over the summer prior to the 2007 season, Kindle and his teammate Henry Melton were arrested in separate incidents on charges of driving while intoxicated. Both players were suspended from the first three games of the season, were also required to perform community service and missed the first two days of practice in order to visit with a woman whose son was crippled by a drunk driver.
In his junior season, Kindle started 11 of the 13 games he appeared in, playing linebacker, defensive end and on special teams. He posted 53 tackles, 10 sacks, 14 TFL, 15 pressures, two PBU, a forced fumble and two fumble recoveries. His performances helped the Longhorns defense rank first in the Big 12 and 18th nationally in terms of points per game and earned Kindle a 2008 All-American honorable mention by "Sports Illustrated", as well as first-team All-Big 12 honors by the league's coaches, "Austin American-Statesman", "Kansas City Star" and "San Antonio Express-News" and second-team All-Big 12 honors by "Associated Press", "Dallas Morning News", "Fort Worth Star-Telegram" and "Waco Tribune-Herald".
For the 2009 season, Kindle was moved to the defensive end position, replacing Brian Orakpo who was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the 2009 NFL Draft. He was named to the watch lists for the Nagurski Trophy, Bednarik Award and Hendricks Award. During the regular season, Kindle compiled 47 tackles, 3 sacks, 17 TFLs, and 31 QB Hurries.
In the 2010 BCS National Championship Game versus Alabama, Kindle recorded 6 solo tackles and 2.5 sacks.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
In a poll conducted by the "Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel" among 17 NFL scouts, Kindle was voted first among 3-4 outside linebackers, capturing 11 first-place votes (comparing to four firsts for the second-placed Jerry Hughes).
Baltimore Ravens.
2010 season.
Although deemed a first-round talent by most analysts, many teams were scared off by Kindle's often-injured knee and his off-the-field incidents. Kindle fell into the second round and was ultimately drafted 43rd overall by the Baltimore Ravens, using one of the three picks the Ravens acquired by trading their first-round pick (25th overall) to the Denver Broncos (who selected Tim Tebow). Kindle said in a press conference shortly after the draft he was targeting the Defensive Rookie of the Year Award in 2010. However, after the Ravens' minicamp, Kindle acknowledged: "When I said that, it was just an exciting moment for me, getting drafted. My head was in the clouds."
On July 25, Kindle fell down two flights of stairs at a home in Austin, Texas. He was sent to the hospital in stable condition but was described as suffering head trauma. It was later determined he fractured his skull in the fall. As a result, Kindle was unable to attend the Ravens' training camp at McDaniel College.
On September 23, 2010, Kindle signed a one-year contract for $320,000, the rookie minimum, and was immediately placed on the Reserve/Non-Football Injury list. Because Kindle did not sign until Week 3 of the 2010 season, Kindle received a prorated salary of $282,000. The contract included no signing bonus (by comparison, New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski, the player drafted just before Kindle, received a signing bonus of $1.76 million).
2011 season.
Eighteen months after he was drafted, Kindle was activated for the first time in his career for the Ravens' Week 4 game against the New York Jets. He played primarily on special teams, but saw some time on defense towards the end of the game.
2012 season.
On October 20, 2012, the Ravens waived Kindle to make room for outside linebacker Terrell Suggs, who had spent the first six weeks on the Physically Unable to Perform (PUP) list. On October 22, 2012, Kindle was signed to the Ravens practice squad. On January 7, 2013, he was released from the team.
Personal.
Kindle was born in Los Angeles, California and moved to Texas shortly after he was born. His father played semi-pro football in Dallas, Texas.
On July 28, 2007, at 2:35 am, Kindle was pulled over for failing to stay in a single-marked lane near downtown Austin, Texas. After failing a field sobriety test, Kindle was arrested and charged with a DWI. Kindle was 19 years old at the time. Although he was sentenced to three days in jail, he served no jail time.
On December 26, 2010, Kindle was arrested for drunk driving at 4:09 am in Howard County, Maryland. Testing revealed that he had a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.17 percent, which is more than twice the legal limit in Maryland of 0.08. He was released from custody after posting a bond of $10,000. Following his second arrest, Kindle spent five days at an alcohol abuse in-patient treatment facility. Judge Neil Edward Axel, Howard County’s drug and DUI court supervisor, waived both the mandatory $1,000 fine and the mandatory five-day jail sentence.
On September 16, 2011, Kindle was sued in Davidson County (TN) Circuit Court by U.S. Bank for $130,000, over non-payment of loans from the bank's music and entertainment division, which is based in Nashville. It is reported that the bank planned to have Kindle served with a subpoena during the Ravens' trip that weekend to Nashville, to play the Tennessee Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="9866246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866246" title="Giovanni Andrea Sirani">
Giovanni Andrea Sirani

Giovanni Andrea Sirani (4 September 1610 – 21 May 1670) was an Italian Baroque painter from Bologna.
He is best known as the father of the female painter Elisabetta Sirani. Sirani trained initially with Giacomo Cavedone, then worked in the studio with Guido Reni. He became entangled in various conspiracies circling around the death of his daughter in 1665. Giovanni accused a maid of poisoning her; others accuse Giovanni of causing her to develop a stomach ulcer from overwork.

</doc>
<doc id="9866272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866272" title="Scheufele">
Scheufele

Scheufele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9866279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866279" title="Fujiwara no Kiyotada">
Fujiwara no Kiyotada


</doc>
<doc id="9866285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866285" title="Philipp Jakob Straub">
Philipp Jakob Straub

Philipp Jakob Straub (30 April 1706 (baptism) – 26 August 1774) was an Austrian sculptor from a well-known family of German Baroque sculptors. His father Johann George Straub and his brothers Johann Baptist, Joseph, and Johann Georg Straub were also sculptors, as was his nephew Franz Xaver Messerschmidt.
Straub was born in Wiesensteig in Germany and studied in Munich, but he spent most of his career in Austria, first in Vienna, where he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts, and then in Graz, where in 1730 he joined the workshop of the sculptor Johann Jakob Schoy (1686–1733).
In 1733, upon the death of Schoy, Straub married the widow of his mentor and took over his workshop. He remained in Graz for the rest of his life. He died there, aged 68.
Straub worked primarily in stone and wood in a Rococo style that was deeply influenced by local Styrian traditions.
His most notable works include the altars (1730) (now destroyed) in the Parish Church of the Holy Blood in Graz; the statue of St. John Nepomuk (1734) in front of the pilgrimage church in Weiz; the images of St. John Nepomuk and St. Aloysius (1744–1745) on the altars in the Cathedral of St. Ägydius in Graz; four statues (1764) in front of Schloss Eggenberg in Graz; the high altar and two side altars in the parish church at Ebersdorf (1766); and the figures of St. Michael and two other angels (1769) on the pediment of façade of the Maria-Hilf-Kirche in Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="9866289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866289" title="John Balchen">
John Balchen

Admiral Sir John Balchen (2 February 1670 – 4 October 1744) (sometimes written as Sir John Balchin) was an officer of the British Royal Navy with a long and distinguished career during the late 17th and early 18th centuries. In the course of his service at sea, Balchen saw action in numerous battles against the French and Spanish navies across 60 years and three separate wars. He was twice captured by the French in action, both times being exonerated and commended for the defence of his ships against overwhelming odds.
Balchen died in the shipwreck of the 100-gun first-rate HMS "Victory" off the Casquets in the Channel Islands during operations to deter French blockading of Spanish and Portuguese ports during the War of the Austrian Succession. A capable and efficient officer, Balchen never found the wealth and prestige fellow officers secured in other commissions, a fact which remained a source of frustration to him until his elevation to knighthood shortly before his death.
Nine Years' War.
Balchen was born in February 1670, the only surviving child of the yeoman gentleman, John Balchen, and his wife, Ann Edspur. Home educated, Balchen took a commission in the Royal Navy aged 15 and, seven years later, gained promotion to lieutenant. For most of this period Balchen was stationed in the West Indies and, during his service there, was lucky in his health; the West Indies command was considered very dangerous during this period, mortality rates amongst sailors stationed there being very high due to malaria and yellow fever. The high death rate led to rapid promotion for those who survived, and Balchen was made Post Captain at the relatively young age of 27 during the Nine Years' War. Balchen had spent the war aboard HMS "Dragon" and HMS "Cambridge" under Admiral John Neville, who was impressed enough with his subordinate to give him command of the prize ship HMS "Virgin", the safe conduct of which to England earned him the step to captain.
War of the Spanish Succession.
As with the majority of the Royal Navy, Balchen was placed in reserve at the war's conclusion and returned to England to await further deployment. Whilst there, he married Susannah Apreece, daughter of an army colonel. The marriage produced six children, two of whom survived into adulthood; Frances, who later married Temple West (Vice Admiral Temple West) and George, who followed his father into the Navy. In 1701, Balchen was again at sea, commanding the small fireships HMS "Firebrand" and then HMS "Vulcan" with Sir George Rooke's fleet off the Spanish coast at the outbreak of the War of the Spanish Succession. He was probably engaged during the Battle of Vigo Bay in 1702, where Rooke's fleet captured a Spanish treasure fleet and was instrumental in the capture of the 56-gun "Modéré", which he went on to briefly command as HMS "Modéré".
In 1703, Balchen was transferred to the 44-gun frigate HMS "Adventure" in the North Sea. This was an area of great importance to the British war effort due to the convoys carrying naval supplies from Scandinavia, which crossed it regularly. The commission, however, yielded few opportunities in the way of prize money. The next year, he was transferred to the 54-gun HMS "Chester", with which he was dispatched to the West African Coast, a region considered almost as fatal as the West Indies. Surviving once again, Balchen remained in the "Chester" and was attached to the convoys bound for Portugal and Virginia. 
Balchen suffered his first defeat on 10 October 1707. Leaving the safety of Portsmouth harbour, his convoy was ambushed by a French squadron under Forbin and Duguay-Trouin, in what became the Battle at the Lizard. Although the dozen French warships were larger and stronger than the convoy escorts, Balchen took his ship into battle with the other warship captains. This action allowed the merchant convoy time to disperse and escape. The ensuing battle was one-sided, with the French warships battering three English ships into submission over several hours, including Balchen's command, which had been boarded by three French ships of the line. One British warship escaped, but HMS "Devonshire" exploded with the loss of nearly 900 lives. The French captured just 15 merchant ships from the hundreds in the convoy, as most made English ports before their pursuers could catch them.
Briefly a prisoner in France, Balchen, as an officer, was allowed to return to England on parole, where a court martial exonerated him for the loss of his ship and commended him for a brave defence. In 1709, he was formally exchanged for a French officer and returned to naval service, receiving command of the newly built 60-gun HMS "Gloucester" in August. Leaving Spithead on his first cruise in October, he had been at sea for just a few hours when Duguay-Trouin again appeared with a squadron of five ships of the line. Unable to outrun his opponents, Balchen engaged the 74-gun flagship "Lis" before being forced to surrender after being dismasted and threatened with boarding.
Balchen was exchanged almost immediately and the court martial, once again, exonerated him from all blame for the loss of his ship. He was rewarded for his bravery with command of HMS "Colchester" in 1710, in which, on 9 November, Balchen secured his first prize, a 20-gun French privateer which he outran in a gale. In 1712 and 1713, Balchen was in the Mediterranean under Sir John Jennings and returned home in 1713 for a period of unemployment on shore. With the end of the War of the Spanish Succession in 1715, Balchen was returned to sea in the 40-gun frigate HMS "Diamond", which he used in the suppression of piracy in the West Indies until 1716. The same year, he received the shore position commanding the guardship HMS "Orford" in the Medway.
War of the Quadruple Alliance.
In 1718, war once again broke out and experienced officers were immediately given sea postings, Balchen in the 80-gun HMS "Shrewsbury" in the fleet of Sir George Byng. Arriving in the Mediterranean, Vice-Admiral Charles Cornewall made "Shrewsbury" his flagship and Balchen his flag captain, a position which remained until December of that year. In July 1718, "Shrewsbury" had been engaged at the Battle of Cape Passaro, at which a Spanish fleet had been comprehensively defeated; Balchen's first great naval action and his first major victory.
In May 1719, Balchen was given command of the 70-gun HMS "Monmouth" under Sir John Norris, and served in the Baltic and North Seas until 1722. In 1722, Balchen took over the guardship HMS "Ipswich" at Spithead and, in 1726, returned to the "Monmouth" for further service in the Baltic under Norris and Sir Charles Wager. In 1727 Balchen was part of a mission to resupply besieged Gibraltar, although, by the time the fleet arrived, the siege had been broken. In 1728, Balchen received promotion to Rear-Admiral. In 1731, after a period in command of the 60-gun HMS "Dreadnought", Balchen took over the 80-gun HMS "Princess Amelia" and commanded her in support of a Spanish landing at Livorno. Balchen returned in December and, in 1734, was promoted to Vice-Admiral, spending the next five years at his estates in England.
War of the Austrian Succession.
At the outbreak of the War of Jenkin's Ear with Spain in 1739, Balchen commanded a squadron of seven ships off the Spanish Atlantic Coast. Tasked with intercepting Spanish convoys, Balchen was almost caught by a superior Spanish squadron, which forced him to withdraw deeper into the Atlantic. For several weeks, this provoked rumours in Britain that his force had been destroyed, until he got word to the Admiralty of his hurried retreat. During the next two years, Balchen spent most of his time on convoy duty and came to resent younger and more active officers who made substantial fortunes from prize money. He confided to a friend in 1741:
" have Nobody spoke of Now but Mr. Virnon; he has all the Glory, and success pursues him. The West Indie people will be so Rich there wont be Roome for them to purchase Lands; whilst I am forced to drudge from place to place for Nothing."
Loss of the "Victory".
In March 1743 Balchen received the command of the Greenwich Naval Hospital and £600 per annum as a pension. Balchen chafed at being forced to remain ashore and was not pleased when he was forcibly retired in April 1744, aged 74. Two months later, however, Balchen was called back to the Admiralty. A fleet of 25 British and Dutch ships had been raised in a hurry to rescue a British squadron and convoy under Sir Charles Hardy, which had been trapped in the Tagus by a French Brest squadron. Due to a shortage of officers of sufficient experience and seniority to command a fleet of this kind, Balchen was called up at short notice and rewarded with a knighthood.
Balchen's fleet was successful in driving off the French, who retired in the face of his superior fleet without firing a shot, and Hardy's convoy was escorted safely to Gibraltar. On the way to the Portuguese Coast, Balchen finally made his fortune in prize money, capturing six heavily laden French West Indiamen. On his return journey however, the fleet was sailing through the Western Approaches in early October when it was hit by a violent storm. Scattered across the Channel, they one by one returned to England in a battered and leaking condition until, a few days later, only HMS "Victory" was missing. "Victory", Balchen's flagship, was, at the time, one of the largest ships in the world, holding a broadside of 100 guns. She was also very new, having been completed less than seven years before.
Frigates were dispatched across the English Channel to search for the missing battleship, which was last seen on the horizon on 4 October. Captain Thomas Grenville of the frigate HMS "Falkland" landed at Guernsey in the Channel Islands to reprovision and there heard from locals that wreckage and part of a topmast had washed up on the island's shores. Further investigation proved that the wreckage had indeed come from the "Victory", which was believed to have run into the Casquets, a group of rocks nearby. Other wreckage was washed up on Jersey and Alderney, whose inhabitants had heard distress guns the night before the wreck but were unable to provide aid in the severe storm. Of the 1,150 sailors aboard "Victory", none was ever recovered.
Legacy.
Balchen's death was met with national mourning in Britain, where he was regarded as an expert and veteran commander of great talent in seamanship, tactics and ship construction. He was also very popular with sailors below decks, having fought for them in the Admiralty over issues such as allowing volunteer seamen to transfer ship when their captain did the same and giving trustworthy sailors shore visiting privileges. His widow was allowed a pension of £500 a year following her husband's death and the consequent end of his income whilst his son George received a promotion to post captain. George, however, did not long outlive his father, dying of illness in Barbados the following year, aged only 28.
A large memorial to Balchen's memory was raised in Westminster Abbey, where it can still be seen. The relief commemorates Balchen's career, that of his son and also the men lost on the "Victory" in 1744 who have no other permanent memorial. Balchen is remembered in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography as "a hard-working, thoroughgoing professional, recognised for his readiness to accept duty whenever and wherever required."

</doc>
<doc id="9866293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866293" title="California Legislative Counsel">
California Legislative Counsel

The California Office of Legislative Counsel (OLC) was founded in 1913 and is a nonpartisan public agency that legislative proposals, prepares legal opinions, and provides other confidential legal services to the Legislature and others. The office also provides computer services, data networking, and related customer services to the Legislature. The Legislative Counsel is appointed by a vote of the entire Legislature. 
The OLC is separate from the California Legislative Analyst's Office, which reports only to the Joint Legislative Budget Committee and focuses primarily on the state budget.
The Legislative Counsel of California is Diane F. Boyer-Vine. The main office is located at the State Capitol Building. 

</doc>
<doc id="9866350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866350" title="Gaetano Gandolfi">
Gaetano Gandolfi

Gaetano Gandolfi (31 August 1734 – 20 June 1802) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque and early Neoclassic period, active in Bologna.
Gaetano was born in San Matteo della Decima, near Bologna, to a family of artists. Ubaldo Gandolfi was his brother, Mauro Gandolfi was his son, and Democrito Gandolfi was his grandson. Gaetano became a "student" at the Accademia Clementina in Bologna, where he was taught by Felice Torelli and Ercole Lelli. In the academy, he was the recipient of several prizes for both figure drawing and sculpture. Later, in an autobiography, Gaetano claimed Felice Torelli (1667–1748) as his master. Other sources mention Ercole Graziani the Younger (1688–1765) and Ercole Lelli. He traveled to England, and became strongly influenced by Tiepolo. Gaetano died in Bologna, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9866352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866352" title="The Memorable Masque of the Middle Temple and Lincoln's Inn">
The Memorable Masque of the Middle Temple and Lincoln's Inn

"The Memorable Masque of the Middle Temple and Lincoln's Inn" was a Jacobean era masque, written by George Chapman, and with costumes, sets, and stage effects designed by Inigo Jones. It was performed in the Great Hall of Whitehall Palace on 15 February 1613, as one item in the elaborate festivities surrounding the marriage of Princess Elizabeth, daughter of King James I, to Frederick V, Elector Palatine in the Rhineland.
Exoticism.
The masque had a Virginia theme; Chapman had been a follower of the Prince of Wales, Prince Henry, before Henry's death in November 1612, and Henry had been a strong backer of the movement to colonize the New World. The principal masquers were stylized as Native Americans, "Princes of Virginia," though without much representative accuracy: they were dressed in "cloth of silver embroidered with gold," with olive-colored masks, though they were also lavishly feathered and equipped with ornaments "imitating Indian work" — an attempt at an effect "altogether estrangeful and Indian-like." The conceit was that these sun-worshippers had come to honor the wedding couple and to accept Christianity.
The show.
The celebration began with a torchlit parade down Chancery Lane, headed by fifty gentlemen on horseback, followed by the figures of the anti-masque, boys dressed as baboons in "Neapolitan suits and great ruffs," and the musicians and masquers in chariots. At Whitehall, Jones's stage set was a golden mountain. Next to it on either side were a silver temple, octagonal and domed, and a hollow tree — representing the poles of experience of masque and anti-masque: temple for the masquers, tree for the "baboons." The presenters were figures of classical mythology and personifications typical of the masque form: Plutus; a personified Honor, with Eunomia, one of the three Hours, as her priestess; and Capriccio, a Commedia dell'arte-style figure. The golden rock moved forward toward the viewers, then split open to release the anti-masquers. Later the top of the mountain opened to reveal the principal masquers and a crew of torchbearers. The torchbearers danced with torches lit at both ends; then the masquers danced their dances, finally joined by the audience. The general reaction was highly positive, giving the masque a reputation as one of the best-received works of its type in the Stuart era.
Sponsorship.
The masque was sponsored by two of the four Inns of Court, those mentioned in the title. (The other two Inns of Court sponsored their own wedding tribute, "The Masque of the Inner Temple and Gray's Inn," by Francis Beaumont.) The records of Lincoln's Inn show that the Inn spent just over £1086 on the masque, charging its members fees ranging from £1 10 shillings to £4 to pay the bill. The records of the Middle Temple are not as complete in their details, though its share of the total bill was likely equal, and its charges were probably very similar. Chapman was paid £100 for his masque, while Robert Johnson earned £45 for his music.
Publication.
The masque was entered into the Stationers' Register on 27 February 1613; the quarto edition that followed, printed by George Eld for the bookseller George Norton, is undated, but probably was issued as promptly as possible after the masque's performance, to capitalize on public interest. A second edition, also undated, was later issued by Norton. Chapman dedicated the work to Sir Edward Phelips, the Master of the Rolls, who along with Henry Hobart the Attorney General had been responsible for selecting Chapman as the author and for driving the whole project to a successful completion.
Credits.
Unlike Ben Jonson, Inigo Jones's most common literary partner in masquing, Chapman was a close friend of Jones, and did not engage in the kind of ego competition that Jonson maintained with Jones for some two decades. The masque's printed text shows that Chapman let Jones — a man of no small ego himself — take the lead in grabbing credit; the title page states that the work was "Invented and fashioned, with the ground and special structure of the whole work, by our kingdom's most artful and ingenious architect Inigo Jones. Supplied, applied, digested and written by George Chapman."

</doc>
<doc id="9866388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866388" title="Maurice Lemaître">
Maurice Lemaître

Lettrist painter, producer of Lettrist works since the 1940s. Lemaître (23 April 1926), Isidore Isou’s right-hand man for nearly half a century, began to distance himself from Lettrism in the 2000s. He still continues to pursue traditional Letterist techniques, but now in relative isolation from the main group.

</doc>
<doc id="9866401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866401" title="Stagnicola palustris">
Stagnicola palustris

Stagnicola palustris is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae, the pond snails.
Description.
The dimensions of the shell of an adult of this species are from about 10 to 18 mm in length, and about 6 to 10 mm in width.
Distribution.
This species of snail occurs in European countries and islands including:
Habitat.
This snail lives in shallow, well-aerated freshwater habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="9866421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866421" title="Castner–Kellner process">
Castner–Kellner process

The Castner–Kellner process is a method of electrolysis on an aqueous alkali chloride solution (usually sodium chloride solution) to produce the corresponding alkali hydroxide, invented by American Hamilton Castner and Austrian Karl Kellner in the 1890s.
History.
The first patent for electrolyzing brine was granted in England in 1851 to Charles Watt. His process was not an economically feasible method for producing sodium hydroxide though because it could not prevent the chlorine that formed in the brine solution from reacting with its other constituents. Hamilton Castner solved the mixing problem with the invention of the mercury cell and was granted a U.S. patent in 1892 (Austrian chemist, Karl Kellner arrived at a similar solution at about the same time. In order to avoid a legal battle they became partners in 1895, founding the Castner-Kellner Alkali Company, which built plants employing the process throughout Europe. The mercury cell process continues in use to this day. Current-day mercury cell plant operations are criticized for environmental release of mercury leading in some cases to severe mercury poisoning as occurred in Ontario Minamata disease. Due to these concerns, mercury cell plants are being phased out, and a sustained effort is being made to reduce mercury emissions from existing plants.
Process details.
The apparatus shown is divided into two types of cells separated by slate walls. The first type, shown on the right and left of the diagram, uses an electrolyte of sodium chloride solution, a graphite anode (A), and a mercury cathode (M). The other type of cell, shown in the center of the diagram, uses an electrolyte of sodium hydroxide solution, a mercury anode (M), and an iron cathode (D). Note that the mercury electrode is shared between the three cells. This is achieved by having the walls separating the cells dip below the level of the electrolytes but still allow the mercury to flow beneath them.
The reaction at anode (A) is:
The chlorine gas that results vents at the top of the outside cells where it is collected as a byproduct of the process. The reaction at the mercury cathode in the outer cells is
The sodium metal formed by this reaction dissolves in the mercury to form an amalgam. The mercury conducts the current from the outside cells to the center cell. In addition, a rocking mechanism (B shown by fulcrum on the left and rotating eccentric on the right) agitates the mercury to transport the dissolved sodium metal from the outside cells to the center cell.
The anode reaction in the center cell takes place at the interface between the mercury and the sodium hydroxide solution.
Finally at the iron cathode (D) of the center cell the reaction is
The net effect is that the concentration of sodium chloride in the outside cells decreases and the concentration of sodium hydroxide in the center cell increases. As the process commences some sodium hydroxide solution is withdrawn from center cell as output product and is replaced with water. Sodium chloride is added to the outside cells to replace what has been electrolyzed.

</doc>
<doc id="9866429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866429" title="Fujiwara no Masatada">
Fujiwara no Masatada


</doc>
<doc id="9866441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866441" title="Geshe Thupten Jinpa">
Geshe Thupten Jinpa

Geshe Thupten Jinpa Langri (b. 1958) has been a principal English translator to the Dalai Lama since 1985. He has translated and edited more than ten books by the Dalai Lama including "The World of Tibetan Buddhism" (Wisdom Publications, 1993), "A Good Heart: A Buddhist Perspective on the Teachings of Jesus" (Wisdom Publications, 1996), and the New York Times bestseller "Ethics for the New Millennium" (Riverhead, 1999).
Thupten Jinpa Langri was born in Tibet in 1958. He received his early education and training as a monk at Zongkar Choede Monastery in Hunsur near Mysore, Karnataka, South India and later joined the Shartse College of Ganden monastic university, in Mundgod, Karnataka, South India, where he received the Geshe Lharam degree. He taught Buddhist epistemology, metaphysics, Middle Way philosophy and Buddhist psychology at Ganden for five years. Jinpa also holds B.A. Honors degree in Western Philosophy and a Ph.D. degree in Religious Studies, both from Cambridge University, UK.
From 1996 to 1999, he was the Margaret Smith Research Fellow in Eastern Religion at Girton College, Cambridge and he has now established the Institute of Tibetan Classics where he is both president and editor-in-chief of the Institute's translation series "Classics in Tibet". He is also a member of the advisory board of the Mind and Life Institute, dedicated to fostering creative dialogue between the Buddhist tradition and Western science.
He is a Visiting Research Scholar at the Stanford Institute for Neuro-Innovation and Translational Neurosciences at Stanford University. 
Geshe Thupten Jinpa has written many books and articles. His latest works are "Tibetan Songs of Spiritual Experience" (co-edited with Jas Elsner) and "Self, Reality and Reason in Tibetan Thought: Tsongkhapa's Quest for the Middle View".

</doc>
<doc id="9866484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866484" title="200 days of dread">
200 days of dread

The 200 days of dread (Hebrew: מאתיים ימי חרדה) was a period of 200 days in the history of the Yishuv, from the spring of 1942 to November 3, 1942, when the German Afrika Korps under the command of General Erwin Rommel was heading east toward the Suez Canal and Palestine.
The question of whether the Yishuv would need to defend itself against a possible German invasion rose twice during the Second World War. The first major threat was a German invasion from the north, from the pro-Nazi Vichy regime in control of Syria and Lebanon. This danger ended after Operation Exporter, the allied invasion of these countries on June 8, 1941 and their liberation from Vichy control. 
Later, in 1942, a more serious threat emerged as the Afrika Korps, under the command of Erwin Rommel, threatened to overrun British possessions in the Middle East. The threat of a German invasion of Palestine caused significant anxiety in the Jewish Yishuv, lasting two hundred days until November 1942 and the Allied victory in the Second Battle of El Alamein.

</doc>
<doc id="9866487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866487" title="Bert Weaver">
Bert Weaver

Herbert "Bert" Weaver (born January 13, 1932) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour. 
A native of Beaumont, Texas, Weaver played collegiate golf at Louisiana State University.
Weaver turned professional in 1956. He had second-place finishes at the 1961 Beaumont Open and the 1962 Carling Open before earning his first PGA Tour victory at the Jacksonville Open on March 21, 1965. The event was held at the Selva Marina Country club and was attended by 15,000 people. Weaver collected $8,500 for his efforts, and was the first male golfer from Beaumont to win a PGA Tour event. He was in the top 100 money winners upon retiring in 1968.
Weaver played on the Senior PGA Tour from 1982 to 1984. His best finishes were a pair of T-6 at the 1983 Marlboro Classic and the 1984 du Maurier Champions. In the late 1990s, Weaver worked as an official on the Senior PGA Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9866504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866504" title="Māhukona">
Māhukona

Māhukona is a submerged shield volcano on the northwestern flank of the Island of Hawaii. A drowned coral reef at about 3,770 feet (-1,150 m) below sea level and a major break in slope at about 4,400 feet (-1,340 m) below sea level represent old shorelines. The summit of the shield volcano was once 800 feet (250 m) above sea level. It has now subsided below sea level. A roughly circular caldera marks the summit of Māhukona. A prominent rift zone extends to the west. A second rift zone probably extended to the east but has been buried by younger volcanoes. The main shield-building stage of volcanism ended about 470,000 years ago. The summit of the shield volcano subsided below sea level between 435,000 and 365,000 years ago. </ref>
This makes Māhukona the oldest volcano to build Hawaii island, compared to Kohala to the east and Hualālai to the southeast. The Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute investigated the area with a remotely controlled submarine in 2001.
It was named for the area known as Māhukona on the shore to the northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="9866518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866518" title="Planorbella trivolvis">
Planorbella trivolvis

Planorbella trivolvis is a species of freshwater air-breathing snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails, or planorbids, which all have sinistral or left-coiling shells. 
Description.
All species within family Planorbidae have sinistral shells. The width of the shell of this species is up to 18 mm.
Distribution.
This pond snail is native to North America, from the Arctic areas of Canada all the way south to Florida. It has also been introduced in other parts of the world.
Habitat.
This species prefers habitats with floating water weeds.

</doc>
<doc id="9866558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866558" title="Central Industrial, Saskatoon">
Central Industrial, Saskatoon

Central Industrial is a light industrial area in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, that comprises educational, recreational facilities, hotels and businesses along Idylwyld Drive. The community meets up with the Central Business District CBD to the west and south, and residential areas east and north.
Location.
Within the Lawson Suburban Development Area (West Side), the subdivision of the Central Industrial area reaches as far north as 33rd Street East, and is bordered to the west by Idylwyld Drive. The western boundary is just west of the buildings along First Avenue but not inclusive of them, and to the south, just north of the buildings along 24th Street but not inclusive of them. Due to its size the Robin Hood Flour Mill dominates the area.
History.
The industrial area comprising the remnants of the Canadian National Railway train yards and business sector or warehouse district of historical Saskatoon. The Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railway reached Saskatoon in 1890 and crossed the South Saskatchewan River, causing a boom in development on the west side of the river. The CNR Bridge (present day site of the Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge or Freeway/Idywyld Bridge) crosses the South Saskatchewan River through the city connecting Regina, Saskatoon and Prince Albert.
The CNR train yards were moved away from the Central Business District. In 1890 the Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railway Line (QLLR) or The Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Steamboat and Railway Line (QLLSR) extended from Regina through to Prince Albert, crossing the South Saskatchewan River where the Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge crosses the river presently. Steam engines could be refilled easier on the west banks of the river which were not so steep. Businesses sprang up around the pumping station forming the beginnings of the Central Business District. The Saskatoon downtown revitalization project began in the 1950s and 1960s when the Canadian National Railway yards were removed and replaced with a shopping mall (which would be renovated several decades later to resemble the original station) called the Midtown Plaza, and its neighbor the TCU Place.
CPR switching yards.
The Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) downtown switching yards are connected to Saskatoon's east side Sutherland Industrial CPR switching yards via the CPR Bridge across the South Saskatchewan River.
The City of Saskatoon, Canadian Pacific Railway and the CNR are under negotiations currently to remove these switching yards. This would mean the CPR could use CNR rail lines through the city and be able to use the CN Chappell Yards for switching. Likewise the CNR could run trains along the CPR track through the city and use the Sutherland CPR switching yards. This would involve construction of a connecting switching yard between CP and CN rail lines near 11th Street and Dundonald which could be done as part of the new Circle Drive South Bridge extension project.
In the largest area vacated by the CPR yards would be installed a new larger City Police Station. 25th Street would not be truncated, but rather continue in length connecting Idylwyld Drive and the University Bridge or 25th Street Bridge. There would be provision to make a safe intersection of the main CPR railway track and 25th Street crossing.
Layout.
A triangular subdivision without residential homes, and without many inner streets and avenues.
Recreation.
Due to the opening of the Blairmore Recreational Civic Centre or Shaw Centre in the fall of 2008, changes are being planned for Harry Bailey Aquatic Centre.
Transportation.
Idylwyld Drive has had many titles: Avenue A, (concurrency with Highway 11 and most currently Louis Riel Trail). It is a main thoroughfare through the city connecting Regina, Saskatoon and Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. It also connects west Saskatoon with the bedroom communities of Warman and Martensville
City transit.
The Central Industrial is serviced by City Transit Bus Routes Saskatoon Transit.

</doc>
<doc id="9866571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866571" title="Adam at Six A.M.">
Adam at Six A.M.

Adam at 6 A.M. is a 1970 American film directed by Robert Scheerer. The film did not receive much attention when it was released, but was the second starring role for Michael Douglas. The movie was filmed almost entirely on location in the small Midwest town of Excelsior Springs, Missouri, as well as Cameron, Missouri, also filmed in Orrick Missouri.
Plot.
The film revolves around Adam Ganes (Douglas), a semantics professor at a California college. He becomes complacent in his life and hears about the death of a relative in Missouri. He drives cross country to attend the funeral and pay his respects, and decides to spend the summer there working as a laborer. He meets Jerri Jo Hopper (Purcell) and falls in love, along the way developing new friendships with the town locals. He then must decide what direction he wants his life to go, whether to stay in Missouri or return to California.
Production.
Steve McQueen's film company, Solar Productions, signed a multi-picture deal with Cinema Center Films. This was its first production.

</doc>
<doc id="9866578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866578" title="Ethan Strimling">
Ethan Strimling

Ethan King Strimling (born October 19, 1967) is a former Democratic State Senator from Maine's 8th District. He served in the Maine State Senate from 2002 to 2009. He was replaced by Justin Alfond. In 2011 Strimling was an unsuccessful candidate for Mayor of Portland, Maine. He is Executive Director of LearningWorks, a West End non-profit organization.
Early life.
Ethan Strimling was born and raised in New York City, and attended the Juilliard School for Theater from 1985 to 1987. Later, he attended the University of Maine and received his B.A. in History. He then pursued a Masters in Education degree from Harvard University, and received it in 1994.
After school, he went to Washington, D.C., to work as a legislative aide for then-First District Congressman Tom Andrews. He then came back to Maine to serve as State Senator Dale McCormick's Campaign Manager for her 1996 Congressional race.
Strimling began serving as the Executive Director of Portland West [http://www.portlandwest.org/], a non-profit social-service agency that works with at-risk kids and low-income families in Portland's West End, in 1997. Strimling has also served on the boards of several political and non-profit committees, including Maine Won't Discriminate, Casinos NO!, and the Maine NAACP.
Career in politics.
Strimling's first run for public office was for the Portland City Council in 1999. He was defeated by incumbent Jack Dawson by just 24 votes. During a recount, the City Council awarded 35 disputed ballots to Strimling after his campaign argued that voters who filled in a blank line below his name had intended to vote for him. When Dawson appealed the decision to Maine Superior Court, Strimling announced that he would step aside and give Dawson the council seat. Strimling stated that the decision of the City Council in awarding him the disputed ballots had created the perception among some that the election had been stolen .
In 2002, Strimling ran his first campaign for the Maine State Senate to succeed Anne M. Rand. He was elected in his first race with 74% of the vote, and again in 2004 with 76%. He was elected for a third term in 2006. In the State Senate, Strimling was the Chair of the Labor Committee and also a member of the Taxation Committee. He has also served as Chair of the Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee, and in 2006, was Co-Chair of Maine's Homeland Security Task Force.
In 2008, when Democratic Congressman Tom Allen announced that he would challenge U.S. Senator Susan Collins, Strimling declared that he would run for Maine's 1st congressional district. In the June 10 Democratic primary, Strimling finished fourth with 5,833 votes (out of 55,382 votes cast). He was succeeded in the Maine Senate by fellow Democrat Justin Alfond.
In February 2010, when Strimling was appointed to the New England board of the Anti-Defamation League, he became the first Maine resident to be appointed to the position.
On July 26, 2011, Strimling formally announced he was running for Mayor of Portland. Following the first fundraising and expenditure report of the mayoral election, it was announced that Strimling had raised more than $88,000 dollars for the mayor's campaign. $88,000 was almost twice as much as the next closest fundraiser and more than $1 for each resident of the city of Portland. Michael F. Brennan won the election.
Strimling is now a writer of the "Agree to Disagree" blog on the "Bangor Daily News" website and is also a political analyst for WCSH TV, both in tandem with former Republican State Senator Phil Harriman. Strimling also is an analyst for WGAN radio.

</doc>
<doc id="9866587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866587" title="Windmill (song)">
Windmill (song)

"Windmill" is a song and a single made by the German power metal band Helloween taken from the album "Chameleon". It was released in some countries as "Windmill". In Japan, it was released as "Step Out of Hell". 

</doc>
<doc id="9866591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866591" title="Fujiwara no Tametoki">
Fujiwara no Tametoki

Life.
Tametoki was well-read and an accomplished poet. Three of his "waka" poems were selected to the "Goshūi Wakashū" (1086) and one to the "Shin Kokin Wakashū" Also thirteen of his Chinese verses are in the anthology of 1010.
Tametoki served as tutor to the Crown Prince Morosada, and when the prince ascended the throne as Emperor Kazan, he was elevated to . Tametomo also simultaneously held the office of more specifically . Tametoki's position as "kurōdo" gained him special privileges to attend court (and thus meet with Emperor Kazan).
With the resignation of Emperor Kazan in 986, Tametoki was relieved of all his posts, and devoted his time to educating his son 
Tametoki went without position for 10 years, in marked contrast to the man who would become Lady Murasaki's husband, who was at one time Tametoki's predecessor on the same job (secretary of Shikibe-jō and chamberlain) yet continued to gain lucrative governorships.
Tametoki finally wrote a poem to Emperor Ichijō that so moved the monarch it garnered him governorship of Echizen Province. Lady Murasaki accompanied Tametoki there, though she did not stay for the full four year tenure and returned after 1 or 2 years. "Kojidan" includes an episode that the governorship of Echizen had already gone to who had to be recalled in order to give way to Tametoki wrested the position away. This so distressed Kunimori he fell ill, and even though he was awarded Harima as replacement, he never recovered and died.
Tametoki was promoted to the rank of "Senior fifth rank, lower grade" (正五位下), and in 1009. Subsequently he was commissioned as governor of Echigo Province in 1011, but his son Nobunori died in Echigo that same year, 
and her returned to the capital in 1014 before the full term. He became a monk at Mii-dera temple (located in what is now Ōtsu, Shiga) two years later.
Scholars do not agree about the years of Tametomo's birth or death, although some give his death year as 1029.

</doc>
<doc id="9866594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866594" title="Mas Flow Inc.">
Mas Flow Inc.

Mas Flow Incorporated is a record label founded by Luny Tunes, a Dominican reggaeton production duo. It claims to be among the companies that helped expand the reggaeton genre beyond its limits. Mas Flow has many connections to the East Coast; in fact most of their producing teams come from Massachusetts in the US. Its primary headquarters is in Carolina, Puerto Rico. It has a regional office in New Jersey and Boston, Massachusetts and Rochester, New York.
Roster.
Affiliated artists.
Artists who are affiliated with this label include:

</doc>
<doc id="9866616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866616" title="East Antrim (Assembly constituency)">
East Antrim (Assembly constituency)

East Antrim is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996. Since 1998, it has elected members to the current Assembly.
For Assembly elections prior to 1996, the constituency was largely part of the North Antrim and South Antrim constituencies. From 1997 to 2010 it shared boundaries with the East Antrim UK Parliament constituency, this link was broken by the 2010 Westminster General Election but will be restored at the 2011 Assembly elections.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see East Antrim (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Forum (1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from East Antrim. They were as follows:
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9866628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866628" title="Richilde of Provence">
Richilde of Provence

Richilde of the Ardennes (or Richilde of Provence) (ca. 845 – 2 June 910) was the second consort of Charles the Bald, King and Emperor of the Franks. By her marriage, she became Queen of the West Franks, and then Empress of the Franks. She also served as regent.
Richilde was the daughter of Bivin of Gorze, Count of the Ardennes, and the sister of Boso of Provence (of the Bosonid dynasty). Her aunt was Theutberga, the wife of Lothar II of Lotharingia. Her marriage to Charles the Bald, in 870 after the death of his first wife, Ermentrude of Orléans, was intended to secure his rule in Lotharingia through her powerful family and her connection to Theutberga, the previous Queen consort. She bore him five children, but only the eldest daughter, Rothilde (c. 871 – c. 928), who married first Hugues of Bourges and secondly Roger of Maine, survived to adulthood.
Whenever Charles went to war, Richilde managed the realm, and acted as head of state after the death of Charles in 877.
She planned to place her brother Boso, Duke of Burgundy, on the throne, after Louis the Stammerer (son of Charles the Bald and Ermentrude of Orléans) died shortly after his father while his children were too young to rule on their own. However, she was accused of incest with her brother and the lords of the kingdom refused to subject themselves to her authority. She then helped Boso to become King of Provence.
She attempted to assume a position of authority upon the death of Louis III in 882, and of Carloman II in 884; however, the empire was agitated and under threat by the Normans, and the grandees of the realm forced her to withdraw to Provence, where she died on 2 June 910.

</doc>
<doc id="9866642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866642" title="List of Primeval episodes">
List of Primeval episodes

This is a list of episodes for the British television drama series "Primeval". It premiered on ITV on 10 February 2007 and ran for five series and 36 episodes in total. It was cancelled in June 2009 after the third series, with the network stating it was struggling to fund any more original programming. On 29 September 2009, the station announced it had formed a deal with the digital channels Watch, BBC America, and German broadcaster Pro7, to recommission the programme for the fourth and fifth series. Series 5 of six episodes began on 24 May 2011 on digital channel Watch and was repeated on ITV from 16 June 2012.
Series overview.
The first series revolves around "the team" forming, following several creature attacks in the Forest of Dean, as well as Nick Cutter's search for Helen Cutter, his missing wife, who had suddenly reappeared after eight years. Throughout the series, Nick becomes romantically involved with James Lester's PA, Claudia Brown. In the first series' finale Cutter travels through a time anomaly, and upon his return he discovers that Claudia Brown no longer exists, and the timeline has changed. In Series 2, Cutter adjusts to the new timeline while hunting for a traitor in the group. It marks the last appearance of the character Stephen Hart, who dies at the end of the series. In the third series, Cutter is killed, while Jason Flemyng joins the cast as Police Officer Danny Quinn. Ben Mansfield also joins as Captain Becker, the team's armed support, replacing Stephen Hart. The climax has Connor, Abby and Quinn pursuing Helen through anomalies to prevent her exterminating the human ancestors. They succeed, Helen is killed, but they remain trapped in past eras.
A year later, both in real and series time, Series 4 began (introduced by a webisode prologue) with Lester now reporting to an industrialist, Philip Burton, who has secret plans to use anomalies, and with a new team leader, Matt Anderson. Abby and Connor return and have to win back their places on the team. 
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Episode list.
Series 4 webisodes (2010).
ITV released a series of 5 webisodes on 23 December 2010, 2–4 minutes long, that provided background to the upcoming series 4. Also available on BBC America.

</doc>
<doc id="9866699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866699" title="Viviparidae">
Viviparidae

Viviparidae, sometimes known as the river snails, are a family of large operculate freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks.
This family is classified in the informal group Architaenioglossa according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Distribution.
This family occurs nearly worldwide in temperate and tropical regions, with the exception that they are absent from South America.
There are two genera of Viviparidae in Africa: "Bellamya" and "Neothauma".
Taxonomy.
The family Viviparidae contains 3 subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Viviparidae include:
subfamily Viviparinae
subfamily Bellamyinae
subfamily Lioplacinae
subfamily ?
Life cycle.
Life spans have been reported from 3 to 11 years in various species of Viviparidae.

</doc>
<doc id="9866729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866729" title="MAG Innovision">
MAG Innovision

MAG Innovision is a Taiwan-headquartered manufacturer and provider of visual technology, specifically CRT monitors, liquid crystal displays, projectors, plasma displays, and HDTV technology.
In the early to mid-1990s, its products were one of the top-rated in the market for computer CRT monitors in the North American market, alongside Sony, NEC, and Panasonic. Since the late 1990s and 2000s, these companies have been displaced by ViewSonic, and more recently by Samsung and LG, as the latter were at the forefront of fledging LCD technology.

</doc>
<doc id="9866738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866738" title="EPRB">
EPRB

You may be looking for:

</doc>
<doc id="9866739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866739" title="North Antrim (Assembly constituency)">
North Antrim (Assembly constituency)

North Antrim is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the North Antrim UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes.
In 1996 members of the Northern Ireland Forum were elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session. However the boundaries of North Antrim were not changed in the 1996–1997 redistribution.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see North Antrim (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from North Antrim. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. North Antrim elected 8 members as follows:
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The seven members elected from North Antrim were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The seven members elected from North Antrim were:
Changes 1973–1974
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9866747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866747" title="Rip Sullivan">
Rip Sullivan

Richard "Rip" Sullivan (born 1959) is a Northern Virginia community activist and Democratic Party primary candidate for delegate in the 48th district of Virginia. He previously challenged Democrat Margaret Vanderhye in the Virginia Democratic primary and incumbent Republican Vince Callahan in the 2007 Virginia General Election.
Background.
Richard Sullivan and his wife Beth graduated from Langley High School in 1977. After graduating "magna cum laude" from Amherst College in 1981, he went on to receive his law degree from the University of Virginia in 1987.
Sullivan has practiced law in Northern Virginia for 20 years, most notably with the global law firm Reed Smith LLP, where he has represented hundreds of clients in the state and federal courts.
Prior to becoming a lawyer, Sullivan was a principal force in creating the United States Institute of Peace. The Institute was recently in the news as the facilitating organization for the Iraq Study Group, which made recommendations to President George W. Bush for a new strategy in Iraq. Sullivan helped ensure passage by Congress of legislation to create the Institute, which President Ronald Reagan signed into law in 1986. Sullivan currently serves on the Chairman’s Advisory Board of the Institute.
2007 campaign.
To date, observers expect the 34th district race to be one of the most expensive local campaigns in Virginia this campaign season because of Vince Callahan's political influence in Richmond. The race is being targeted as a prime pickup opportunity by the Virginia Democratic Party. Democrat Margaret Vanderhye, a community activist from McLean, has also announced her candidacy. In the primary election on June 12, 2007, Vanderhye defeated Sullivan by 1727 votes to 1578, according to the State Board of Elections.
2014 campaign.
On June 29, 2014, Rip announced his candidacy for a special election for the House of Delegates in Virginia (the 48th district). On July 6th, he won a firehouse primary to become the Democratic nominee for the seat.

</doc>
<doc id="9866753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866753" title="South Antrim (Assembly constituency)">
South Antrim (Assembly constituency)

South Antrim is a constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
The seat was first used for a Northern Ireland-only election for the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1973. It usually shares boundaries with the South Antrim UK Parliament constituency, however the boundaries of the two constituencies were slightly different from 1983 to 1986 as the Assembly boundaries had not caught up with Parliamentary boundary changes and from 1996 to 1997 when members of the Northern Ireland Forum had been elected from the newly drawn Parliamentary constituencies but the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected in 1992 under the 1983–95 constituency boundaries, was still in session.
Members were then elected from the constituency to the 1975 Constitutional Convention, the 1982 Assembly, the 1996 Forum and then to the current Assembly from 1998.
For further details of the history and boundaries of the constituency, see South Antrim (UK Parliament constituency).
Members.
Northern Ireland Assembly (1998–present).
Note: The columns in this table are used only for presentational purposes, and no significance should be attached to the order of columns. For details of the order in which seats were won at each election, see the detailed results of that election.
Other (1973–1996).
In the 1996 election to the Northern Ireland Peace Forum, 5 Forum members were elected from North Antrim. They were as follows:
In 1982 elections were held for an Assembly for Northern Ireland to hold the Secretary of State to account, in the hope that this would be the first step towards restoring devolution. South Antrim elected 10 members (an exceptionally high number which some commentators believe to be impractical) as follows:
In 1975 elections were held to a Constitutional Convention which sought (unsuccessfully) to generate a consensus on the future of the province. The eight members elected from South Antrim were:
In 1973 elections were held to the Assembly set up under the Sunningdale Agreement. The eight members elected from South Antrim were:
Elections.
1996 Forum.
Successful candidates are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="9866754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866754" title="California Solar Initiative">
California Solar Initiative

California Solar Initiative is a renewable energy program in the United States.
As part of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's Million Solar Roofs Program, California has set a goal to create 1,940 megawatts of new, solar-produced electricity by 2016 — moving the state toward a cleaner energy future and helping lower the cost of solar systems for consumers.
The California Solar Initiative has "a total budget of $2.167 billion between 2007 and 2016 and a goal to install approximately 1,940 MW of new solar generation capacity."
The CSI initially offered cash incentives on solar PV systems of up to $2.50 per AC watt. These incentives, combined with federal tax incentives, could cover up to 50% of the total cost of a solar system. The incentive program was designed so that the incentives would reduce in steps based on the amount of solar installed in each of 6 categories. There are separate steps for residential and non-residential customers in the territories of each of the State's 3 investor-owned utilities. As of July 2012, the rebates range from $0.20 to $0.35 per AC watt for residential and commercial systems and from $0.70 to $1.10 for systems for non-profits and government entities.
There are many hang the naggers to support the use of renewable energy in other US states.
CSI provides more than $2 billion worth of incentives to customers for installing photovoltaic, and electricity displacing solar thermal systems in the three California Investor-Owned Utilities service territories.
The program was authorized by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) and by the Senate Bill 1 (SB 1):
Responsibility for administration of the CSI Program is shared by Investor-Owned Utilities:
Residential installation starts in early 2007 fell off sharply in SCE territory because of the disincentives inherent in SB1, requiring time-of-use (TOU) tariffs, with the result that homeowners who install panels may find their electric bill increasing rather than decreasing. The governor and legislature moved quickly to pass AB1714 (June 2007) to delay the implementation of this rule until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9866759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866759" title="The Youth of Today">
The Youth of Today

The Youth of Today is the first album from the musical group Musical Youth, released in 1982. The album includes the #1 UK hit "Pass the Dutchie" which also hit number 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Background.
The album was released shortly after the success of "Pass the Dutchie", which is the album's opening song. "The Youth of Today" contains twelve reggae tracks, written by Freddie Waite and Musical Youth themselves, and produced by Peter Collins. Some subsequent releases omitted "Gone Straight" and "Rub 'n' Dub", and had the rest of the tracks in a re-arranged order. The album included a colourful comic story on its inner sleeve, designed by Lon Goddard, as well as a big Musical Youth poster. The cover photograph is credited to Eric Watson.
"Pass the Dutchie" became album's lead single, released to a great commercial success. It has scored a number one position in no less than five countries and earned a Grammy Award nomination. A rapid follow-up, "Youth of Today", was released at the end of 1982 and achieved respectable chart success. The third single, "Never Gonna Give You Up", released in early 1983, became band's second biggest hit in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Album's fourth and final single, "Heartbreaker", didn't fare as well and charted only in the UK, outside the top 40.
"The Youth of Today" was released to positive reviews and commercial success. It peaked at number 24 in the United Kingdom and number 23 in the United States. It fared much better in France and Canada, where it peaked at number 13 and number 8 respectively. The album was certified Gold in both the UK and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9866818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866818" title="Nigar Sultana">
Nigar Sultana

Nigar Sultana was an actress in the film industry of India. She was wife of filmmaker K. Asif. She died in May 2000, in Mumbai, India.
Indian actress Heena Kausar is the daughter of Nigar Sultana.

</doc>
<doc id="9866841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866841" title="Martin Jezer">
Martin Jezer

Marty Jezer (November 21, 1940 – June 11, 2005) was a well-known activist and author. Born Martin Jezer and raised in the Bronx, he earned a history degree from Lafayette College. He was a co-founding member of the Working Group on Electoral Democracy, and co-authored influential model legislation on campaign finance reform that has so far been adopted by Maine and Arizona. He was involved in state and local politics, as a campaign worker for Bernie Sanders, Vermont's Independent Congressional Representative, and as a columnist and Town Representative.
Writer and activist.
Jezer had been an influential figure in progressive politics from the 1960s to the time of his death. He was editor of WIN magazine (Workshop In Nonviolence), from 1962-8, was a writer for Liberation News Service (LNS), and was active in the nuclear freeze movement, and the organic farming movement (he helped found the Natural Organic Farmers' Association). In 1968, he signed the “Writers and Editors War Tax Protest” pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War. More recently he was active in progressive causes in Vermont, including the universal health care movement. In 1968 Jezer co-founded, with Verandah Porche, Richard Wizansky, and Ray Mungo, “Total Loss (Packer Corners) Farm” in Guilford, Vermont. After moving to Guilford, he continued writing for WIN magazine, as well as "Green Mountain Post", and the NOFA newsletter. His main political outlet from 1998 to 2005 was as a writer of a weekly column for the "Brattleboro Reformer" that often appeared on the web sites Common Dreams and TomPaine.com; his columns were frequently reprinted in the periodical "The Progressive Populist". 
Jezer was a lifetime stutterer and wrote a memoir about his condition. He was an important figure in the self-help community for people who stutter, and received the "Member of the Year" award from the National Stuttering Association in 2001. He was also an active member of Speak Easy, based in New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9866877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866877" title="Georgia Youth Symphony Orchestra">
Georgia Youth Symphony Orchestra

The Georgia Youth Symphony Orchestra is a conglomerate of several musical groups under the leadership of the Georgia Symphony Orchestra.
Mission.
The mission of the Georgia Youth Symphony Orchestra is to facilitate a lifelong bonding between the participating students and the arts. The hope is that students will continue to frequent concerts, plays, operas, and other sources of culture regardless of their career path.
History.
The Georgia Youth Symphony Orchestra and Chorus was founded in Cobb County in 2006. Initial auditions took place in September 2006 under the auspices of the Cobb Symphony Orchestra (which changed its name to the Georgia Symphony Orchestra in 2011).
By the 2007 season, over 160 students constituted GYSO’s full orchestras, Philharmonia and the Symphony Orchestra, while over 30 students participated in the GYSO Sinfonia. In addition to the three orchestra programs, nearly 30 students participated in an authentic British-style Brass Band and just under a dozen students were in a Percussion Ensemble. In 2009, two choruses were added to the program.
The GYSO has become the largest youth orchestra in the Southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="9866896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866896" title="Foreign Service brat">
Foreign Service brat

In the United States a Foreign Service brat (also referred to as diplobrat or FSB) is a person whose parent(s) served full-time in a Foreign Service posting abroad during that person's childhood. The term "brat" is often thought of as derogatory; however, for some who have experienced this background, the term has a neutral feel and is sometimes taken as a sign of pride. A Foreign Service brat may spend the majority of their childhood outside their parents' home country.
Like similar groups, such as military brats, Missionary Kids, or other Third Culture Kids, Foreign Service brats are faced with frequent moves, and possibly the absence of a parent. Some Foreign Service brats will grow up to take on roles similar to their parents, while the majority will pursue a private sector career. Many of these children feel very different from their peers if they are eventually "repatriated".

</doc>
<doc id="9866897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866897" title="Dolphins–Jets rivalry">
Dolphins–Jets rivalry

The Dolphins–Jets rivalry is a rivalry between the Miami Dolphins and the New York Jets in the National Football League. The teams both play in the American Football Conference East Division, and play two scheduled games each season as a result. They have often competed for divisional supremacy, and have played a number of classic games. Currently, the Jets lead the series 49–46–1, while the Dolphins have won the lone postseason meeting, defeating the Jets in the 1982 AFC Championship.
History.
The Jets and Dolphins were established in 1960 and 1966 respectively; both as members of the American Football League. After the AFL–NFL merger in 1970 the Dolphins and the Jets were placed in the AFC East, guaranteeing that they would meet twice a year annually. The rivalry has stayed intense through the years as both teams are always competitive against one another no matter what the standings indicate. The rivalry also keeps a high intensity because of the large amount of transplanted New York Jets fans that retire to South Florida.
Prior to the New England Patriots rise to dominance in the early 2000s, the Jets and Dolphins regularly contested for the AFC East title (along with the Buffalo Bills in the late 1980s and early 1990s). Upon the Dolphins' joining of the AFL in 1966, the Jets were laying the seeds for their 1968 Super Bowl III victory. After the Jets Super Bowl victory in 1968, the Dolphins began their ascension to the top of the NFL, culminating back-to-back Super Bowl wins in 1972 and 1973. The 1972 season also saw Miami finish with a 17–0 record; the only NFL team to finish the regular season and post-season without a loss or tie.
1960s and 1970s.
When the Dolphins joined the AFL in 1966, the Jets were ascending the ranks of the AFL powerhouses on the arm of quarterback Joe Namath. The Jets won the first eight contests against the Dolphins beginning with the very first meeting, a 19-14 Jets win in Miami's second game of the Dolphins' existence.
When the Dolphins finally posted their first winning record in 1970, injuries plagued Namath and the Jets stumbled to a 4–10 record. Due to Namath's inability to consistently stay healthy, the Jets never posted a record above .500 in the 1970s (they finished 7–7 in 1972 and 1974, then 8–8 in 1978 and 1979). Meanwhile, the Dolphins quickly surged to the NFL's elite after the AFL–NFL merger, peaking with the only undefeated season in NFL History (New England later had an undefeated regular season, but failed to win the Super Bowl) 1972 and back-to-back Super Bowl wins in Super Bowls VII and VIII.
1980s.
The 1978 season began a string of Jets success against the Dolphins that ran into the early 1980s. Entering the 1980 season, the Dolphins were aiming toward another playoff run, while the Jets were struggling. The Jets won a total of only four games. Two of those games were wins over Miami: 17–14 in New York on October 27, and 24–17 in Miami on December 20. Miami went on to finish with an 8–8 record, but it was the season sweep by the Jets that largely cost them their chances of a playoff berth.
The mid-1980s saw both teams become simultaneously competitive for the first time, beginning with a battle for the AFC East in 1981. That season also saw the only tie in the series, a 28–28 stalemate in Miami. The game lead tied or changed on every score; in the first half Jet leads of 7–0 and 14–7 were answered by Miami touchdowns. Miami took a 21–14 lead in the third but in the fourth touchdowns by Wesley Walker and a Richard Todd pass to Bobby Jones offset a Don Strock touchdown to Nat Moore. In overtime neither team could advance the ball, ending the game deadlocked. Todd finished with 310 passing yards and four touchdowns to Strock's 279 yards and two scores.
The tie became crucial in the final standings; had the Jets won the game, combined with their 16–15 home victory during the season, they would've clinched the division on a tiebreaker. Instead, Miami won the division by one game. Still, the Jets' 10–5–1 record allowed them to clinch their first postseason berth in twelve seasons. but they lost to the Bills in the Wild Card round, 31–27, while Miami lost a 41-38 overtime epic to the San Diego Chargers.
With the conclusion of the 1981 season the Jets had won seven of the previous eight meetings with the Dolphins with the one tie. Miami, however, returned to the rivalry's fore in 1982, a season that saw the apex of the rivalry, coming in the 1982 AFC Championship on January 23, 1983, more appropriately known as "The ." After the Dolphins swept the Jets during the strike- shortened regular season (winning 45–28 in New York and 20–19 in Miami, the two teams met again, this time with a trip to Super Bowl XVII on the line. The tarp was left off the field of the Orange Bowl during a 72 hour rainstorm leading up to the game, which resulted in a sloppy field covered in mud which kept both teams scoreless in the first half. The game was a classic defensive battle that featured ten turnovers, eight of them on quarterback interceptions. The star of the game was Dolphins linebacker A.J. Duhe who picked off Jets quarterback Richard Todd three times, returning one 35 yards for a touchdown to help seal the 14–0 win and send the Dolphins to Super Bowl XVII. To this day, former Jets coach Walt Michaels believes that Miami coach Don Shula ordered to keep the tarp off the field, to neutralize New York's superior team speed.
In 1985 the Jets beat the Dolphins at Giants Stadium, 23–7, on "Monday Night Football" on October 14; three Jets backs led by Freeman McNeil rushed for 245 yards; the win was the Jets' fifth straight after an opening-week shutout by the Raiders. On November 10, 1985, Mark "Super" Duper set a Dolphins single game record with 217 receiving yards and helped catapult Miami to victory. Down 17–14 with less than a minute to play, Dan Marino fired a 50-yard touchdown pass to Duper for the 21–17 win. It was Marino's third touchdown of the game and Duper's second.
Two of the most memorable contests between the teams occurred in 1986. On September 21, Jets quarterback Ken O'Brien and Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino put on a legendary offensive performance. The two quarterbacks combined set NFL single game records of 884 net passing yards and ten touchdown passes, records that still stand to this day. Dan Marino completed 30 of 50 passes for 448 yards and six touchdown passes. Mark Duper and Mark Clayton had big games, each having over 100 yards receiving (Duper with 154, Clayton with 174). O'Brien threw for 479 yards and four touchdown passes all to wide receiver Wesley Walker, including one with no time left on the clock to force overtime, and then the game clincher in overtime for the win, 51–45. To this day, it is the highest scoring game between the teams (96 total points). The win propelled the Jets to a team-record nine-game winning streak, and an NFL-leading 10–1 record, when the teams met again on November 24 on Monday Night Football. However, Marino and the Dolphins got revenge with a blowout win at home. Dan Marino completed 29 of 36 passes for 288 yards and four touchdown passes, while Dolphins running back Lorenzo Hampton rushed for 148 yards on 19 carries and two scores, one being a 50-yard touchdown run. As for the Jets, they could only manage three points, as the Dolphins defeated the Jets 45–3. The game also reflected a swift change in momentum for the Jets, who lost their final five games of 1986 to finish with a 10–6 record, but managed to still back into a playoff berth. They eventually fell to the Cleveland Browns in a double-overtime Divisional round loss.
Dan Marino made history in 1988; on October 23 he joined a very elite club, becoming one of the few quarterbacks in NFL history to throw for 500 yards, completing 35 of 60 passes for a career high 521 yards. However, he also threw five interceptions; three of them were to rookie Jets cornerback Erik McMillan, who returned one of them 55 yards for a touchdown. The Jets were ahead the entire game, including 30–10 at halftime, and despite a Dolphins rally (scoring three touchdowns but missing the PAT on one of them) the Jets won 44–30. The game, however, was overshadowed in the Jets locker room, for days earlier defensive end Mark Gastineau announced he was retiring from football to be with his girlfriend Brigitte Nielsen, who claimed to be suffering cancer in the uterus.
In the rematch on November 27 the Dolphins fell behind 24–14 at the half but Marino (353 passing yards) exploded in the third quarter with two touchdowns to Mark Clayton (marred by a missed PAT) and an 80-yard score to Ferrell Edmunds for a 34–24 Miami lead. Pat Ryan had started the game for the Jets, throwing for 341 yards and two touchdowns, but in the fourth quarter Ken O'Brien came in and wiped out Miami's lead with scores to Mickey Shuler and Wesley Walker and a 38–34 Jets win.
The two teams met in yet another high-scoring affair on September 24, 1989 in Miami, the Jets looking for their first win at 0–2 while Miami was 1–1. Throwing for 427 yards and three touchdowns, Dan Marino raced the Dolphins to a 30–19 lead after three quarters, but again Ken O'Brien whipped the Jets to the win with two touchdown passes and a Johnny Hector rushing score in the fourth, ending a 40–33 Jets win. The Jets, however, lost five of their next six games when they hosted the 5–4 Dolphins on November 12. This time it was Marino leading a comeback; down 20–3 in the second quarter, Marino erupted with three touchdown passes while Sammie Smith added a two-yard rushing score and the Dolphins defense limited the Jets to one fourth-quarter field goal and a 31–23 Miami win.
1990s.
The teams met in the season finale on December 22, 1991 a winner-take-all game for the final wild card spot in the playoffs. It was a seesaw battle, and the Dolphins took the lead 20–17 with 44 seconds remaining. When the Jets got the ball back, they drove down the field and tied the game to force overtime on Raul Allegre's 44-yard field goal. Allegre came through for the Jets once again in OT with a 30-yard field goal, sending the Jets to the playoffs, and sending the Dolphins home.
In 1994, the Jets found themselves one game back of the Dolphins for the AFC East division lead heading into their November 27 match at the Meadowlands. In a game with first place on the line, the Jets held a 24–6 lead, outplaying the Dolphins for three quarters. However, Marino led the Dolphins back with two touchdowns, cutting the score to 24–21. Marino got the ball one last time and drove the Dolphins down the field to within the Jets' five-yard line. With thirty seconds left, and the clock continuing to wind down, Marino motioned that he was going to spike the ball to stop the clock and send out the field goal unit to tie the game. Instead, Marino took the snap from center and fired the ball in the corner of the end zone past Aaron Glenn to Mark Ingram. It was Ingram's fourth touchdown catch of the game, which tied a club record with former Dolphins wide receiver Paul Warfield. The touchdown gave the Dolphins a 28–24 victory, and Miami went on to win the division. The Jets went into a spiral after that play, losing all of their remaining games. Indeed, the game marked the beginning of a period of ignominy for the Jets as they compiled a record of 4–33 from that game to the end of the 1996 season.
One of the more bitter losses for the Jets in 1996 was at Miami in Week 3. The Dolphins clawed to the Jets 5-yard line and tried for the touchdown on 4th and goal, but Aaron Glenn picked off the pass in the end zone and ran 100 yards for the touchdown. Later Neil O'Donnell connected with ex-Oiler Webster Slaughter on a 35-yard score, but after this score Marino went 74 yards to Stanley Pritchett for the touchdown. After Karim Abdul-Jabbar tied the score the Dolphins took over, scoring two touchdowns marred by a missed Joe Nedney PAT and a botched 2-point try. The Jets despite being down 33–14 in the fourth kept fighting as Jeff Graham caught a long touchdown pass; later the Jets forced a Dolphins fumble but were pinned 4th and goal at the 29; O'Donnell threw deep and Keyshawn Johnson out-jumped the entire Dolphins defense to catch the touchdown. But the Dolphins iced it on a Nedney field goal for a 36–27 final. O'Donnell finished with 325 passing yards and three touchdowns.
After 1996, the Jets made several changes to turn things around, the most significant of which was the hiring of Bill Parcells from the Patriots. The turnaround was immediate; when the Jets hosted the Dolphins on October 12 they were 4-2 with the Dolphins 3–2. Marino led the Dolphins to a 31–20 win. On November 9 at Miami Glenn Foley had replaced starter Neil O'Donnell under center for New York; he threw for 322 yards, a touchdown, and a pick in a 24–17 Dolphins win. The two teams finished the season both 9–7 while New England won the division at 10–6; the Dolphins won the divisional tiebreaker being 4-4 in division games and the Jets 2–6 and thus earned the last wildcard playoff spot.
By 1998 the Jets were a serious division contender. Both teams were 9–4 on December 13, 1998 when they met on Sunday Night Football with the division lead, and possibly the division title, on the line. The Jets led 14-10 when Jets defender Chad Cascadden picked up a Marino fumble and returned it for a touchdown with just under two minutes to play to put the Jets ahead, 21–10. The Dolphins were able to score a quick touchdown to come close, but it was not enough, and the Jets won, 21–16, and they went on to win their first post-merger division title the following Saturday at Buffalo. The Dolphins made the playoffs as the fourth seed and hosted the Bills in the Wildcard round; they defeated the Bills 24–17 before falling at Denver 38–3. The Jets defeated the AFC Central champion Jaguars, 34–24, but fell to Denver in the AFC Championship Game.
The teams' 1999 season marked Marino's last against the Jets. On December 12 at Giants Stadium the 8–4 Dolphins fell to the 4–8 Jets, 28–20; Marino was intercepted twice and benched for Damon Huard. Two weeks later on December 27 the Dolphins, now 9–5, hosted the 6–8 Jets on "Monday Night Football;" it was the last Monday Night appearance in Marino's career. He faced young quarterback Ray Lucas, who with Rick Mirer had replaced an injured Vinny Testaverde early in the season. The Dolphins were trying to clinch a playoff spot, while the Jets, who started their season 1–6, had won five out of their last seven. The Jets did not make it easy for the Dolphins. Lucas completed 11 of 23 passes for 190 yards and three touchdowns. Marino put on one of his last great performances, completing 29 of 52 passes for 322 yards and three touchdown passes, but also three interceptions. It was the last of Marino's NFL regular season record 63 career games with 300 yards passing. The Jets came away with a 38–31 victory, with two long Lucas touchdowns sealing the game. The Jets finished the season 8–8 (including a season sweep of Miami), while the Dolphins finished the season 9–7 and made it to the second round of the playoffs; after defeating the Seattle Seahawks, 20–17, they lost handily to the Jacksonville Jaguars, 62–7.
Marino retired six weeks later; he compiled a 17–13 record against the Jets and 72 touchdown throws, the most for Marino against any opponent.
2000s.
The Jets and Dolphins started the 2000 season 5–1 when they met on Monday Night Football on October 23, 2000, to determine control of the AFC East. What looked to be an exciting match between two of the top teams in the NFL at the time was anything but for the first three quarters. The Dolphins held a 23–7 lead at halftime that grew to 30–7 at the end of the third quarter. Vinny Testaverde threw three interceptions, running back Curtis Martin was limited to 30 yards on the ground, and the Jets offense could only manage two first downs in the first half. Meanwhile, running back Lamar Smith scored two touchdowns for the Dolphins on his way to 155 rushing yards for the night. So great was the 23-point advantage that Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler was heard on the sidelines telling defensive end Jason Taylor, "They ain't coming back on us!" to which Taylor replied, "Hell no! You kidding? C'mon now."
However, the Jets looked to prove that statement wrong. Touchdowns from Testaverde to Laveranues Coles and Jermaine Wiggins cut the lead to 30–20. After a field goal by John Hall, Testaverde fired a touchdown pass to Wayne Chrebet to tie the game at 30 with 3:55 left. Fans who had left the stadium when the game looked to be a rout suddenly piled back in wanting to see the Jets' comeback. Still, it took only two plays for Miami to respond. Fiedler aired a long touchdown pass to Leslie Shepherd to retake the lead, 37–30, seemingly crushing the Jets' hopes. Nonetheless, Testaverde marched the Jets down field and, with 42 seconds left, found eligible offensive tackle Jumbo Elliott on a three-yard touchdown (which Elliott memorably bobbled as he fell to the ground) to tie the game at 37 and sent it to overtime. In the fourth quarter, Testaverde was 18 for 26 for 235 yards and four touchdowns, and the offense converted twenty first downs in the quarter, after managing just five beforehand.
In overtime, Fiedler was intercepted for the third time, setting up the dramatic finish. At 1:08 AM EDT, Hall nailed a 40-yard field goal to win the game for the Jets 40-37. The game came to be known in National Football League lore as The Monday Night Miracle. When Monday Night Football celebrated its 500th telecast on November 11, 2002, fans picked the game as the greatest in the series' history. It was also the largest comeback from a fourth quarter deficit in NFL history. Despite the win, and a subsequent victory later in the season in Miami, the Jets missed the playoffs losing six of their final nine games and their last three. Miami clinched the division with a win over New England on the last day of the season.
The Jets extended their winning streak over the Dolphins to eight with another season sweep, this time in 2001. On October 14 at The Meadowlands the Jets erased a 17-0 Dolphins lead with three unanswered touchdowns and a 21-17 win; on November 18 at Miami Jay Fiedler was intercepted three times and the Jets shut out the Dolphins 24-0. Both teams made the playoffs but were eliminated (the Jets by Oakland, the Dolphins by Baltimore) on Wild Card weekend.
2002 was the tightest AFC East race in the division's history. Miami ended their losing streak to the Jets with a 30-3 rout at Miami on September 22; the next week the Jets finally benched Vinny Testaverde early in a loss to the Jaguars and Chad Pennington took over under center; when the Jets hosted Miami on November 10 Pennington led the Jets to a 13-10 win; Ray Lucas started for the Dolphins but a late rally failed.
The Jets, Dolphins, and Patriots entered the final week of the season all with a chance to win the AFC East; the Dolphins had a 9–6 record, while the Patriots and Jets were 8–7. The Dolphins and Patriots met in Foxborough in what was essentially an elimination game, while the Jets played the Green Bay Packers later in the afternoon. The Dolphins simply needed to win the game to win the division, while the Jets needed a Patriots victory coupled with their own. The Patriots came back from an 11-point fourth quarter deficit to force overtime, and won on an Adam Vinatieri field goal. News of the Patriots' victory sent the crowd at the Meadowlands into celebration. The Jets, meanwhile, played a close first half with Green Bay before opening the game up in the second half for a 42–17 victory and the AFC East championship.
The 2003 season for both teams wound up without playoff implications nor division title on the line as both teams were left in the division dust by the Patriots as they swept both teams en route to a 14–2 record. On September 14 the Jets hosted the Dolphins and Miami raced to a 21–10 win; the Jets were without quarterback Chad Pennington as he was sidelined with a shoulder injury incurred during preseason. In the season finale on December 28 Miami took the early lead with a pair of Olindo Mare field goals and a Ricky Williams touchdown run to make the score 13–0. Jets running back Curtis Martin then scored a touchdown of his own to narrow the margin to 13–7. Miami quarterback Jay Fiedler, who threw for 328 yards in this game, hit wide receiver Chris Chambers in the end zone for a touchdown grab. Chambers hauled in 9 catches for 153 yards and a touchdown. A Jets field goal later and the score was 20–10 at halftime. Jets quarterback Chad Pennington did not give up however. In the third quarter, the Jets hit another field goal, and even got a safety to narrow the margin to 20–15. Pennington, who was 22 for 28 for 221 yards and one touchdown, hit his tight end Anthony Becht for a one-yard touchdown to grab their first lead of the game, 21–20, with less than nine minutes to go. The Dolphins however got the ball one last time and drove down the field. With three seconds left on the clock, the Dolphins relied on their kicker Olindo Mare, who nailed an ugly 22-yard field goal to seal the win, 23–21, and the season for the Dolphins and Jets.
Both games in 2006 were tight contests that came down to the wire. The season was surprising for both teams; the Dolphins were considered a serious playoff contender in the preseason, but stumbled to a 6–10 record, while the Jets were considered to be in a rebuilding stage, yet managed to go 10–6 and reach the playoffs. On October 15, 2006, the Jets opened up a 20–3 lead with less than 13 minutes to play at home. Miami didn't give up, though, as touchdowns by Chambers and Ronnie Brown cut the margin to three. The Dolphins got the ball one last time and got in field goal range for kicker Olindo Mare to attempt a 51-yard field goal with 33 seconds left to tie the game. Mare kicked it, but it was short and wide right and the Jets held on to win, 20–17.
The teams met again on Christmas night that season. The Dolphins came into the game 6–8 and out of playoff contention. The Jets were 8-6 and in the position to clinch a playoff berth with victories in their final two games. A rainy field kept both offenses quiet for most of the night. All of the scoring happened in the final 17:25 of the game. Miami hit a game-tying field goal with 2:09 remaining to make the score 10-10. However, Chad Pennington threw a short pass to Leon Washington, which he turned into a 64-yard gain. Four plays later, Jets kicker Mike Nugent hit a 30-yard field goal with 10 seconds left to give the Jets a 13–10 win.
On August 7, 2008 the Jets acquired quarterback Brett Favre from the Packers. Favre's acquisition made Chad Pennington expendable, and he was subsequently released from the team. Pennington immediately signed with the Dolphins and became their starting quarterback. Favre made his debut for the Jets against Pennington and the Dolphins in Miami on September 7. Favre threw two touchdown passes for the Jets, while Pennington attempted to rally the Dolphins in the fourth quarter, reaching the Jets' red zone with under a minute to play, before throwing an interception in the end zone to end a 20–14 Jets win. The teams met again in the season finale at the Meadowlands with the division title at stake in what was essentially an elimination game. Pennington out-dueled Favre (who threw 3 costly interceptions) in leading his Dolphins to a 24-17 win and the team's first AFC East crown since 2000. The loss led the Jets to fire coach Eric Mangini.
The Dolphins in 2009 authored their first sweep of the Jets since 2003, winning 31–27 in Miami and 30–25 in The Meadowlands; in the latter game Ted Ginn Jr., who'd been demoted to special teams weeks earlier, ran back two kick-returns for touchdowns, accounting for 201 of Miami's 299 return yards. Both wins came with a heavy reliance on the power-running Wildcat formation - notable because new Jets head coach Rex Ryan, who panned the formation in post-match interviews, then used the formation to re-ignite his team's playoff run. The wins came as the Dolphins were bringing in Miami-area celebrities as part-owners of the club; among them were tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams, producer Emilio Estefan and his pop-star wife Gloria, and actress-singer Jennifer Lopez.
2010s.
On January 30, 2010, Ryan flashed an obscene gesture towards heckling Dolphins fans during a Strikeforce mixed martial arts event at BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida. Ryan has apologized for his actions, stating that it was "stupid and inappropriate." Ryan was fined $50,000 by the Jets for his actions.
On April 20, 2010, longtime Dolphin Jason Taylor signed with the Jets. Taylor was known for making derogatory comments about the Jets during his tenure in Miami.
On December 12, 2010, strength and conditioning coach Sal Alosi was caught by CBS Sports cameras as he tripped Dolphins player Nolan Carroll as he ran along the sideline on a kick return. He was fined $25,000 by the Jets and suspended for the rest of the season; the suspension was extended to indefinitely after it was discovered that he had instructed inactive Jets players to line up along the sideline so as to potentially impede opposing players. Later on December 30, the Jets were fined $100,000 by the NFL for violating league rules in the Alosi incident.
In 2011 the Jets defeated the Dolphins on October 17 at the New Meadowlands, but a 19–17 loss in Miami in Week 17 left the Jets at 8–8 and out of the 2011 playoffs. The Week 17 game was notable for Miami on two levels — it was the last game for longtime Dolphin and ex-Jet Jason Taylor, and 400th victory in Dolphins franchise history. An apparent Jets fumble in the final three minutes inside their own 20 was picked up by Taylor and run into the endzone but the score was called back. The 2011 season was also the first since 2005 that the home team won both games in the series.
Shortly after the 2011 season ended, the Jets hired former Dolphins head coach Tony Sparano as Offensive Coordinator who was fired during the 2011 season. In his first game against his former team on September 23, 2012, Sparano saw the Jets fall behind, 10–3, at the half before LaRon Landry intercepted Dolphins rookie Ryan Tannehill and scored in the third. The Jets raced to a 20–17 lead but the Dolphins tied the game on Dan Carpenter's 41-yard field goal. In overtime Carpenter missed a 48-yarder, then the Dolphins blocked a Nick Folk attempt, but the play was nullified when the Dolphins called timeout before the snap. Folk drilled a 33-yard field goal for the 23–20 Jets win. The win proved costly, however, as Jets star cornerback Darrelle Revis was lost for the season.
The next month, on October 28 at MetLife Stadium the Dolphins authored their fourth road win in their last five trips to New Jersey. Rookie Ryan Tannehill was knocked out of the game but Matt Moore led the Dolphins to a 30-9 win. The Dolphins scored on a blocked punt while Mark Sanchez threw 54 passes and a touchdown but was intercepted by Chris Clemons. Tim Tebow, a high-profile free agent signing by the Jets, was limited to one rush for two yards.
2013 was another split between the two clubs with the road team once again winning both contests. On December 1 at MetLife Stadium Ryan Tannehill threw for 331 yards and two touchdowns while Jets rookie Geno Smith completed just four passes with a pick; Matt Simms replaced him but managed just 79 passing yards and an interception as the Dolphins won 23-3. But after clawing to 8-6 and playoff contention the Dolphins collapsed in the season's final two weeks. On December 29 at Miami the Dolphins led 7-0 on a Ryan Tannehill touchdown then the Jets intercepted him three times and scored 20 unanswered points for the 20-7 win; Bilal Powell threw a 30-yard pass while Smith managed 190 yards passing.
Game results.
The following is a list of results from all of the meetings between the Dolphins and Jets from their first meeting on September 9, 1966 to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="9866926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866926" title="Nikolai Rakov">
Nikolai Rakov

Nikolai Petrovich Rakov (Russian: Николай Петрович Раков, "Nikolaj Petrovič Rakov"; , Kaluga - 3 November 1990, Moscow) was a Soviet composer.
Life.
Rakov firstly studied violin at the Rubinstein Music School and later composition at the Moscow Conservatory with Reinhold Glière and Sergei Vasilenko. After graduating in 1931, he served as Glière's assistant at the Conservatory in the following year, before becoming a lecturer himself in 1935 and professor of orchestration in 1943. Rakov's pupils included Edison Denisov, Boris Tchaikovsky, Nikolai Peiko, Andrei Eshpai, and Alfred Schnittke. In addition, he also gave concerts, as a violinist and as a conductor, and wrote several books on problems in orchestration. He received the Stalin Prize in 1946 for his Violin Concerto No. 1 in E minor (1944) and was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1975.
Style.
Rakov was a staunchly conservative composer who exercised a solid grasp of orchestration and melody; many of his works ventured only a little beyond the style of Alexander Glazunov and Reinhold Glière, though his expressive range is far greater than the latter. Unabashed tonality, late Romantic harmonies, and flowing tunes were the hallmarks of his work, in which the Russian national idiom always took prominence. In his later works, Rakov began to show some interest in Neoclassicism. Rakov devoted special attention to music for children and wrote numerous piano pieces for pedagogical purposes, as well as instructive chamber music. These works won him great popularity in the Soviet Union. His most famous work, however, was his First Violin Concerto, which was brought to vast audiences by the violinist David Oistrakh.

</doc>
<doc id="9866933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866933" title="Hurricane Bertha (1990)">
Hurricane Bertha (1990)

Hurricane Bertha caused minor damage in the United States, Bermuda, and Atlantic Canada in July and August 1990. The third tropical cyclone, second named storm, and first hurricane of the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season, Bertha developed from a frontal low pressure area offshore of North Carolina on July 24. Initially subtropical, it slowly acquired tropical characteristics while tracked southeast and then southwestward. By early on July 27, the cyclone was re-classified as a tropical depression. Following its transition, the depression intensified and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha on July 28. The storm then curved northeastward and rapidly strengthened. Bertha became a hurricane early on July 29, though it weakened back to a tropical storm later that day. On the following day, Bertha re-intensified into a hurricane and peaked as an 80 mph (130 km/h) Category 1 hurricane on July 31. 
Early on August 2, Bertha made landfall near Sydney, Nova Scotia while weakening and transitioning back into an extratropical cyclone. Large waves impacted the East Coast of the United States; waves were reported along the coast of North Carolina. In Florida, rough seas caused two fatalities by drowning, as well as at least 200 lifeguard rescues. Seven other drowning deaths occurred offshore when the "S.S. Corazon" sunk near Cape Cod. Minimal impact occurred on Bermuda, limited to mainly tropical storm force wind gusts. In Canada, strong winds caused moderate crop damage on Prince Edward Island and collapsed a suspension bridge in Nova Scotia. Rainfall caused minor flooding in the region. Overall, Bertha caused nine fatalities and approximately $3.91 million (1990 USD) in damage.
Meteorological history.
A cold front moved eastward through the United States in the middle part of July, and reached the East Coast of the United States on July 23. By the following day, a low pressure area developed just southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina ahead of the frontal zone, and quickly formed into a subtropical depression. In association with a nearby upper-level low, the depression tracked quickly southeastward before turning to the southwest. The subtropical depression gradually organized, and satellite classifications began subsequent to merging with a tropical wave on July 25. Convection developed closer to the center of circulation as it gradually decelerated while continuing southwestward and on July 27, the system organized into Tropical Depression Three while located about 335 miles (539.1 km) east of Daytona Beach, Florida.
Upon transitioning into a tropical cyclone, the depression executed an elongated counter-clockwise loop to the northeast. Conditions favored further intensification, and based on ship reports, it is estimated the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Bertha early on July 28. Bertha quickly strengthened to attain hurricane status early on July 29 about halfway between Cape Canaveral, Florida and Bermuda. The strengthening trend was brief, however, as increased vertical wind shear weakened it back to a tropical storm late on July 29, with the center exposed from the deep convection. Bertha continued slowly northeastward to ridging from the Bermuda high extending westward to the United States.
Operationally, forecasters at the National Hurricane Center speculated whether Bertha was transitioning into a subtropical cyclone, due to its deep convection being located, at times, over 200 miles (321.8 km) from the center. However, the convection progressively returned to the center and by late on July 30, Bertha re-intensified into a hurricane as the convection covered the center, about 415 miles (667.8 km) east of where it first formed. Early on July 31, the hurricane briefly attained peak winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) before weakening and accelerated northeastward as the ridge of high pressure was slowly eroded. Bertha maintained hurricane status as it approached Atlantic Canada, and briefly reached winds of 80 mph (129 km/h) before weakening and making landfall near Sydney, Nova Scotia on August 1 as a 70 mph (113 km/h) tropical storm. The storm was transitioning into an extratropical cyclone while approaching Atlantic Canada, and lost all tropical characteristics shortly after moving ashore. The weakening extratropical remnants of Bertha turned northward into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and lost its identity shortly thereafter.
Preparations and Impact.
The formation of Bertha in close proximity of the East Coast of the United States prompted residents to stock up on emergency supplies and monitor the storm. The Maritimes Weather Center and National Hurricane Center began to issue warnings for Nova Scotia and most of Atlantic Canada on July 31 and August 1. By the following day, all warnings and advisories for Atlantic Canada were dropped as Bertha dissipated.
Bertha's broad circulation produced high waves which were reported along the southeastern coast of the United States, in North Carolina, the storm produced waves of 25–50 ft (7.6-15.2 m). The waves caused minor beach erosion along the North Carolina coastline including the Outer Banks. In Florida, rip currents from Bertha caused two drowning fatalities. 200 other swimmers were rescued from the rough seas. The vortex of Bertha forced warm air and blocked sea breezes from South Florida. As a result, record high temperatures were reported in West Palm Beach, Miami, Hollywood, and Miami Beach; temperatures also tied records in Fort Lauderdale. The extreme heat also shattered numerous sliding glass doors and exhausted several air conditioners.
Offshore, several ships came in contact with Bertha, many reported sustained winds of 35-58 mph (56–93 km/h) and a Canadian ship reported a barometric pressure of . The only reported shipwreck caused by Bertha was when the Corazon, a Greek freighter capsized and sank during the storm. The ship, which was off the coast of Cape Cod at the time of its sinking, was experiencing strong winds up to 78 mph (126 km/h) and 30 feet (9.1 m) waves. The rough seas caused the ships keel to break, causing the crewmen to send a distress signal and evacuate the sinking vessel. During the evacuation, one crewman drowned when trying to board a lifeboat, his body was later found by a Soviet merchant ship. Another merchant ship, the Vyapel spotted twelve of the 27 sailors in their liferaft and the crew of the Vyapel tried to rescue the sailors but to no avail as the rough seas caused the liferaft to drift near the ships propeller and rudder area. The turbulence caused by the ships propeller knocked seven sailors into the water, five of them drowned and a search for their bodies continued until the following day. The remaining 21 sailors were later rescued by crews of other freighters and merchant ships. An investigation by the United States Coast Guard revealed that the Corazans own lifeboats were in poor condition to use in case of an emergency.
Initially, the National Hurricane Center noted the possibility of Bertha impacting Bermuda. However, the storm bypassed Bermuda, which caused only minor effects on the island; limited to rough seas and wind gusts reaching 45 mph (72 km/h). 
In Atlantic Canada, Bertha brought strong tropical storm force winds and heavy rainfall. Two weather stations in Braddeck, Nova Scotia and Hunters Mountain recorded 7 inches (177.8 mm) of rainfall. In Prince Edward Island, the storm produced a wind gust of 71 mph (115 km/h) and 4.72 inches (101.6 mm) of rain. A weather station in Port-aux-Basques, Newfoundland and Labrador reported a wind gust of 63 mph (102 km/h) and 2.51 inches (50 mm) of rain. The high winds brought by Bertha caused moderate damage to tobacco and corn crops in Prince Edward Island and damaged a suspension bridge in Nova Scotia. Heavy rainfall from Bertha caused minimal flooding at a golf course. In Peggys Cove, Nova Scotia, six people were injured when waves from Bertha washed them into the sea. Damage was estimated at $4.427 million (1990 CAD, $3.912 million 1990 USD).

</doc>
<doc id="9866936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866936" title="Investor-owned utility">
Investor-owned utility

An investor-owned utility or IOU is a business organization, providing a product or service regarded as a utility (often termed a public utility regardless of ownership), and managed as private enterprise rather than a function of government or a utility cooperative. Such businesses can range from a family whose residential property includes a well whose flow in excess of the family's own needs produces a secondary income, to international communications conglomerates, but political and infrastructure considerations in some countries makes the private sector of the electric-power production and distribution industry the most often discussed investor-owned utilities there.
List of Investor Owned Electric Power Delivery Utilities with Assets in the United States of America

</doc>
<doc id="9866953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866953" title="Comet Galaxy">
Comet Galaxy

The Comet Galaxy is a spiral galaxy located 3.2 billion light-years from Earth, in the galaxy cluster Abell 2667, was found with the Hubble Space Telescope. This galaxy has a little more mass than our Milky Way. It was detected on 2 March 2007.
Structure.
The unique galaxy, which is situated 3.2 billion light-years from the Earth, has an extended stream of bright blue knots and diffuse wisps of young stars. This spiral galaxy rushes with 3.5 million km/h through the cluster Abell 2667 and thereby like a comet shows a tail with a length of 600,000 light-years.
Galaxy fate.
The comet galaxy is currently being ripped to pieces. Moving through a cluster at speeds of greater than 2 million mph, is one of the main reasons the gas and stars of the galaxy are being stripped away by the tidal forces of the cluster. Other factors adding to the damage of the galaxy are the cluster's scorching gas plasma. As the galaxy speeds through, its gas and stars are still being stripped away by the tidal forces exerted by the cluster - just as the tidal forces exerted by the moon and Sun push and pull the Earth's oceans. Also contributing to this destructive process is the pressure of the cluster's hot gas plasma reaching temperatures as high as 10-100 million degrees. Scientists estimate that the total duration of the transformation process is close to one billion years. What is seen now in the Hubble's image is roughly 200 million years into the process. Even though the Comet Galaxy’s mass is slightly greater than the Milky Way, it will lose all its gas and dust, and so not be able to generate stars later in life. It will become a gas-poor galaxy with an old population of red stars.
During the ram pressure stripping process, the charged particles strip and push away the infalling galaxy’s gas, just as the solar wind of charged particles pushes ionized gas away from a comet to create a gas tail. For this reason the scientists have nicknamed the stretched spiral the "comet galaxy."
"This unique galaxy, situated 3.2 billion light-years from Earth, has an extended stream of bright blue knots and diffuse wisps of young stars driven away by the tidal forces and the ram pressure stripping' of the hot dense gas," said Jean-Paul Kneib, a study collaborator from the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille.
Even though its mass is slightly larger than that of the Milky Way, the spiral will inevitably lose all its gas and dust as well as its chance of generating new stars later, and become a gas-poor galaxy with an old population of red stars. The finding sheds light on the process by which gas-rich galaxies might evolve into gas-poor galaxies over billions of years. The new observations also reveal one mechanism for forming of “homeless” stars seen scattered throughout galaxy clusters.
The strong gravitational pull exerted by the galaxy cluster's collective mass has bent the light of other, more distant galaxies and distorted their shapes - an effect called gravitational lensing. The giant bright banana-shaped arc seen just to the left of the cluster centre corresponds to the magnified and distorted image of a distant galaxy located behind the cluster's core.

</doc>
<doc id="9866978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866978" title="Jefferson Theater (disambiguation)">
Jefferson Theater (disambiguation)

Jefferson Theater may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9866984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9866984" title="R425 road (Ireland)">
R425 road (Ireland)

The R425 road is a regional road in County Laois in Ireland. From south to north to runs from Abbeyleix to Ballyroan to the hamlet of "Cashel" and then crosses over the M7 before joining it east of Portlaoise. 
It is a short road of just running almost parallel to the N8

</doc>
<doc id="9867043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867043" title="Conley Road">
Conley Road

The information below in this page is a mix of information about both Old Conley Road and Conley Road. The mix up is because a part of the old Conley Road is still a part of the new Conley Road which also includes another section extending West to its intersection with Old Dixie Road. The part of the old Conley Road not as a part of the new Conley Road is renamed as Old Conley Road. Even though such change and renaming happened years ago, the old information like what mentioned below is still out there in circulation.
Conley Road Old Conley Road is a short, two-laned thoroughfare in southeast Atlanta, Georgia, which extends east-west between Jonesboro Road (GA Hwy 54) and another Conley Road in Clayton County. Conley Road is the southernmost roadway in Atlanta, Georgia, beginning north of the Fulton-Clayton County borderline.
How Long Is It?
Conley Road is in length and covers the Orchard Knob community of southeast Atlanta, snakes southeasterly into Clayton County and changes to OLD CONLEY ROAD, and ends less than 1/2 a mile east of that at Conley Road in the city it's named after: Conley.
Early Stages.
Conley Road begins at Jonesboro Road, a major thoroughfare in the southern half of Atlanta that extends southward through Clayton County and again into Fulton County. The road begins with a check cashing building in one corner of the intersection, a Cash America Pawn, McDonalds, and Home Depot in the other three. For the first , there is nothing but hills and curves along the roadway. This part of the thoroughfare has two lanes on the westbound side and one on the eastbound side. Once a driver passes Conley Super (a local convenience store), he descends down a hill where the road narrows to one lane on each side and passes an area of trees on the left and an apartment complex on the right. At the bottom of the hill, Conley Road takes a small curve and passes three more apartment complexes and three houses.
This section of Conley Road is the busiest one. Most residents on the Conley Road corridor live in this section, particularly Colony Square, 875 Colony Square, and Southern Trace Apartment complexes. However, in recent years, drugs, prostitution, robbery, violence, and other immoral acts have blanketed the narrow-yet-busy street. An increase in police patrol has been targeted in the area in an attempt to lower the rate at which this type of activity occurs. MARTA (Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority runs the bus route 78 on this stretch.
Middle Corridor.
Once the third house has been passed, Conley intersects Forest Park Road to the left and Bonnie Lane to the right at which there is a four-way stop sign. Besides Jonesboro Road, this is the only Atlanta and Fulton County intersection Conley Road has with any other streets. Conley continues around a couple more curves and just before one reaches Shieldcrest Way, there is a large green sign that welcomes the driver to Conley, Georgia, and adjacent Clayton County. Upon crossing into Clayton County, Conley Road now becomes Old Conley Road.
The end.
Not long after entrance into Clayton County, Old Conley Road intersects with Thurman Road, less than north of the city limits of Forest Park. Just east of this intersection, Conley Road serves as the ending for small, hardly-used Church Street but ends a short distance away with a fork-in-the-road at Conley Road.
Conclusion.
Conley Road/Old Conley Road is known to most drivers who use the street as a connector route between Jonesboro Road and Moreland Avenue. The road is less likely to have traffic jams, mainly because of its "secluded" location and distance from downtown Atlanta (about 9 or 10 miles).
Also has some of the realest people ever. Like Jon Da Great from Lexington Square, just got renovated a few years ago.
However, Conley Road has had its share of incidents. In early 2006, there was a double murder in one of the units of Southern Trace Apartments in which two Hispanic men were gunned down after their attackers found them hiding in the closet.
Around New Years 2007, a man returned to Colony Square Apartments at approximately 5 A.M. to find his estranged girlfriend sleeping with another man. He gained entry into the apartment via kicking down the door and shot the man to death in his sleep. The estranged girlfriend escaped with her life by jumping out of her window. The apartment is on the western part of the complex in E-building.
On July 29, 2006, there was an emergency evacuation of residents in the same apartment complex at around midnight due to a back-up of fecal water in at least ten units. The back-up had gotten so severe, the back-ups in some residences filled bathtubs, sinks, and toilets with water bearing putrid, intolerable smells.
On June 4, 2003, at around 6 A.M., a Pontiac Grand Prix was speeding at nearly near the intersection of Old Conley Road and Shieldcrest Way. It lost control around a curve and struck a Mercury Sable wagon head-on. The driver of the Grand Prix was killed instantly due to him not wearing a seatbelt. The Sable driver, a 66-year-old grandmother on her way to her granddaughter's graduation from Alabama State University, was taken to the hospital with a broken collarbone, fractured knee, concussion, and 5 broken ribs, but fortunately survived and recovered fully. The impact was so severe, someone pumping gas at the Amoco on Jonesboro Road heard it and ducked because she thought it was a gunshot.

</doc>
<doc id="9867064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867064" title="Cicada Stakes">
Cicada Stakes

The Cicada Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually in March at Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York. Inaugurated in 1993, the Cicada Stakes was run at a distance of seven furlongs until 2006 when it was modified to six furlongs. The race is a Grade III event with a purse of $100,000 and has been a prep race to the Triple Tiara of Thoroughbred Racing, including the Kentucky Oaks, the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes and Mother Goose Stakes.
The race is named for the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame filly, Cicada. She was voted champion two-year-old filly in 1961, champion three-year-old filly in 1962, and champion handicap filly or mare in 1963.
Records.
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="9867082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867082" title="Dangle (espionage)">
Dangle (espionage)

Dangle ("podstava" in Russian intelligence jargon and "chèvre" in French police and intelligence jargon) is a term used in intelligence work to refer to an agent or officer of one intelligence agency or group who pretends to be interested in defecting or "turning" to another intelligence agency or group. 
The goal of a dangle is to convince the second or foreign intelligence agency that they have changed loyalties by offering to act as a double agent. The dangle then feeds information to their original agency and/or gives disinformation to the second or foreign intelligence agency.

</doc>
<doc id="9867084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867084" title="Browning BDM">
Browning BDM

The Browning BDM is a semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured by the Browning Arms Company up until production ceased in 1998. Similar in appearance to Browning's (FN Herstal) P-35 model "Hi-Power" pistol, the BDM was actually a new design created to compete in service trials as a standard issue pistol for the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. However, the BDM was not ultimately adopted for issue by the FBI, and was instead sold only in the private market.
Design.
The Browning BDM was developed in 1991 by the Browning Arms Company, and unlike Browning's (FN Herstal) P-35 Hi-Power model, was manufactured only in North America. 
The pistol is a magazine fed, self-loading, hammer firing type which was designed with a trigger "mode" switch installed on the left-hand side of the slide (actually only a flush inlaid disk with a bisecting groove), toggling between double-action/single-action(DA/SA) pistol mode, and the double-action-only (DAO) or "revolver" mode—though, of course, other than the similarity of the trigger mode, the BDM has no resemblance to revolvers. This mode switch is what gives the handgun its name, with BDM standing for "Browning Dual Mode" or "Browning Double Mode".
Variants of the design lacked the mode operating switch, and so were either full-time revolver mode, model BRM (Browning Revolver Mode), or full-time double action/single action pistol mode, model BPM-D (Browning Pistol Mode Decocker). Finishes included blued, matte-chromed, which Browning advertising called "silver chrome", and a two-toned combination of a silver chromed frame and blued slide, called the "practical" finish.
The BDM and BPM-D variants have an ambidextrous slide-mounted safety/decocker lever, which when operated always returns the pistol to the hammer down double-action setting for the BDM variant or to the pre-cocked setting for the BPM-D variant. After the next fired cartridge cycles the pistol's slide, subsequent rounds are fired in the single-action mode, until the decocker is used to drop the hammer to the "safe" position. The BPM-D innovation was the inclusion into the action of the pre-cocked mode in which the hammer is partially cocked and the hammer spring partially depressed resulting in a first shot trigger pull that is shorter and lighter than in the true DA variants. The BRM variant lacks a safety/decocker lever, leaving the pistol in the hammer down "safe" double-action position after every shot, i.e. DAO.
The BDM and its variants utilize removable cartridge magazines, of the double stack variety with a capacity of 15 rounds of 9x19mm Parabellum ammunition. To comply with the 1994 U.S. Assault Weapons legislation, BDM magazines were limited to 10 round capacity for civilian purchasers, although 15 round magazines were available for law enforcement use. After the 2004 expiration of the 1994 U.S. Assault Weapons legislation, 15 round magazines became legal and available in most states for civilian use.

</doc>
<doc id="9867099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867099" title="Soduku">
Soduku

Soduku can be

</doc>
<doc id="9867130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867130" title="Cosby High School">
Cosby High School

Cosby High School is a public secondary school located in Midlothian, Virginia.
Cosby is a part of Chesterfield County Public Schools and is located at 14300 Fox Club Parkway. The school mascot is the Cosby Titan.
Cosby High School opened for the 2006-2007 school year.
Athletics.
Cosby High School is a member of group AAA in the Virginia High School League. They are a part of the AAA Central Region and AAA Dominion District.
Cosby has won the Dominion District All Sports Cup for the last five years. (2007–08, 2008–09, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12). In 2012, they won the Wells Fargo Cup, which honors the VHSL high school with the most prominent athletic department on the state level. They became the first Central Region team to win the cup in the 28 year history of the award.
Baseball.
In June 2011, Cosby alumni Jake Lowery won the Johnny Bench Award, naming him the number one catcher in the NCAA.
Cheerleading.
In 2010, Cosby's Competitive Cheerleading team won the school's first VHSL AAA State Championship. The Cosby Cheerleaders, in addition to winning the fourth straight Central VA SpiritFest competition in Charlottesville, won the "Triple Crown" in VHSL competition: Dominion District, Central Region, and State Championship. They were the first Dominion District team to make it to State Finals since 2008 and then the first Dominion District team to win a State Championship in Competitive Cheer; also, the first Central Region team to win a state championship in Competitive Cheer.
In 2011, Cosby's Competitive Cheerleading team won their second VHSL AAA State Championship. They were the third team to ever win the crown back to back. In addition, the team once again won the "Triple Crown." winning the Dominon District, Central Region, and State Championships.
Soccer.
In 2010, the Cosby Girls Soccer team made it to the VHSL AAA State Finals, losing to Stone Bridge High School 4-0.
In 2011, Luis Rendon, Colombian native and a Junior at Cosby, was named the 2010-2011 Gatorade Player of the Year for Boy's Soccer, making him one of the first Juniors to win this award.
In 2012, the Cosby Girls Soccer team won the AAA State Championship. They defeated Broad Run High School in Penalty Kicks, and ended their season with an undefeated record of 23-0-1.
Football.
In 2011, Cosby's Boys Football team went 9-1 for the season, only losing to L.C. Bird High School. That November, while playing James River High School, running back Curtis Stancil made a 99 yard touchdown run, beating the previous state record of 97 yards.
Track & Field.
On February 25, 2011, Cosby's Girls Indoor Track team earned the title of State Runner-up in the AAA Division to Western Branch High School. Megan Moye was state champion in the girl's 3200m and 1600m run, in 10:37.81 and 4:55.37, respectively.
On March 11, 2011, Megan Moye became Cosby's first All-American by placing 6th in the 2 mile run at the New Balance Indoor Nationals. Her time was 10:32.89.
On June 3, 2011, Megan Moye became the state champion in Outdoor Track in the 1600m run. She ran a 4:48.21, breaking the state meet record.
On February 25, 2012, Cosby's Girls Indoor Track team won the AAA State Title, overthrowing last year's Western Branch HS. Megan Moye was the state champion in the girl's 3200m and 1600m run. De'Nisha Smith, Alex Moseley, Gina D'Orazio, and Molly Novak were the girl's 4X400 state champions. As well as Elena Wirz, Jayden Metzger, Alaina Redd, and Megan Moye winning the 4X800 state title.
Cosby High School's first national champions were seen at the New Balance Outdoor Nationals in June 2012. The 1600m Sprint Medley team of De'Nisha Smith, Molly Novak, Alex Moseley, and Megan Moye won in a time of 3:55.17.
Volleyball.
In 2009, Cosby's Boys Volleyball Team made the VHSL AAA State Finals, losing to Clover Hill High School 3-0.
Wrestling.
In 2011, Austin Coburn became Cosby's first individual state champion by winning the 171 pound weight class in wrestling.
Performing arts.
Cosby High School's performance of "Hard Candy" earned them the Dominion District Champion spot as well as Runner Up at Central Regionals.
Their performance of "Power Play" earned them the Dominion District Championship. Recently Cosby's performance of the show "Over the River and Through the Woods" earned them Runner Up at the Dominion District Championship, First Place at Central Regionals, and 4th Place at Virginia State Competition. Cosby high school marching band has received a superior rating of the years 2009-2013. They also received second place in the Midlothian Showcase of Bands in the 2012-13 school year. The Cosby concert band has received seven straight superiors, starting with the first year of Cosby. Due to this success, The Cosby band has earned the Honor Band award five consecutive years.
Traditions.
Cosby High School features an annual competition every year entitled "Mr. Cosby" featuring several male seniors participating in a Miss America style event that includes swimsuit, talent, and interview portions.
Cosby High School is also notable for its weekly broadcast of, "TNN," the Titan News Network. It features students taking journalism interviewing various students and teachers around the school about different going-ons.
The School also features a fan organization called "Lightning Legion" that gathers a large group of students to go to every sports game to support their peers.
Health Science Specialty Center.
A Health Science Specialty Center opened in the fall of 2007, with a goal of developing special partnerships with many community health organizations such as Bon Secours St. Francis Hospital, VCU School of Medicine, Chippenham/Johnston-Willis Medical Center, Brandermill Woods Retirement Center, and John Tyler Community College programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9867141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867141" title="Spartak Tennis Club">
Spartak Tennis Club

Spartak Tennis Club, also known as Shiryaevka, is a tennis training ground located near Sokolniki Park in Moscow, Russia. Built in 1979, it formerly formed part of the Spartak sports society. It has 15 outdoor clay courts, which remain open for four months during the year, and two indoor courts. The club is known for training a number of top Russian tennis players who have gone on to win Grand Slam titles. Competition for places at the academy remain high due to its rigorous training program.

</doc>
<doc id="9867150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867150" title="Exhibition, Saskatoon">
Exhibition, Saskatoon

The Exhibition subdivision of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, is located on the banks of the South Saskatchewan River and was developed between the two major World Wars. To the west is the Diefenbaker Management Area which boasts the Diefenbaker park and Pioneer Cemetery. The park includes a medium-sized hill which is used for tobogganing and snowboarding, and the park itself is a frequently-used venue for picnics and public events and performances. The Exhibition community is also known as Thornton, after a (now-decommissioned) elementary school that formerly served the area.
History.
The Pioneer Cemetery received its first interment in 1884. On June 20, 1905, the Nutana Cemetery Co was awarded a special grant at SW Section 20 Township 36 Range 5 W of the 3rd Meridian. The Pioneer Cemetery was also called the Nutana Cemetery, and was the first municipal cemetery for the City of Saskatoon until 1910 when Woodlawn Cemetery became the city cemetery. The Pioneer Cemetery was declared a heritage site in 1982.
Exhibition, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan is at coordinates 
Sarah Shatwell Pendygrasse arrived from England in 1887 and was awarded a dominion land grant patent at SE section 20 township 36 range 5 W of the 3rd meridian, Saskatchewan provisional district, North West Territories, on December 12, 1892. Her son Harold L. S. Pendygrasse homestead at NE Section 20 township 35 Range 3 W of the 3rd meridian. At 1919 St. Henry Avenue, Exhibition subdivision the Pendygrasse Home built by Harold Pendygrasse in 1910 has been declared a municipal heritage site. It is built on the banks of the South Saskatchewan river east side of Saskatoon.
Construction of the Idylwyld Freeway in the 1960s resulted in the Exhibition community being physically bisected, with several streets and what was at one time the city's main CN Rail line being removed. Only two east-west streets provide access to the western section of the community: Taylor Street West and Ruth Street West. In the 1980s, the city attempted to relocate the Exhibition Grounds to the north end of the city, opening the Exhibition Grounds up for residential development; voters defeated this plan in a plebiscite.
Public services.
Saskatoon Light and Power provides electrical utilities to all Saskatoon neighborhoods which existed prior to 1958. Water is treated and supplied by the City of Saskatoon Water and Wastewater Treatment Branch. The exhibition neighborhood is a part of the east division of the Saskatoon Police Services patrol system. This division services east of the South Saskatchewan River which encompasses the thirty one neighbourhoods, two industrial areas. The three Saskatoon hospitals are located in other nearby neighborhoods. St. Paul's Hospital i The Central Division oversees the Central Business District, the Riversdale Business District, SIAST and nine other residential areas. The exhibition neighborhood is served by the City of Saskatoon Saskatoon Fire & Protective Services.
Demographics.
I-neighbor sets the neighborhood population at 31,474 consists of 12,567 residences. Family size is about 2.2 people, with an average family income of $46,242. The city of Saskatoon sets the 2007 population count at 2,767 with homeownership at 56.7%. According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home as of 2013 was $256,670.
Governance.
The exhibition exists within the federal electoral district of Blackstrap. It is currently represented by Member of Parliament Lynne Yelich of the Conservative Party of Canada, first elected in 2000 and re-elected in 2004 and 2006.
Provincially, the area is within the constituency of Saskatoon Southeast. It is currently represented by Member of the Legislative Assembly Don Morgan of the Saskatchewan Party, first elected in 2003.
In Saskatoon's non-partisan municipal politics, the Exhibition neighborhood lies within ward 7. It is currently represented by Councillor Bob Pringle.
The Exhibition Community Association is formed of volunteers in the community and may petition the councillor, MLA or MP regarding infrastructure or public services for the neighborhood.
Geography.
The exhibition area is at an elevation of and is located on the east river bank of the South Saskatchewan River. Located just from Down Town Saskatoon.
The northern boundary is Taylor Street, and as previously mentioned, the western boundary is the South Saskatchewan River. The eastern edge is Melrose Avenue, and to the south is Ruth Street, the Prairieland Park and WDM
Achs Park, ; Exhibition Park, and Thornton Park, are the three main parks in the neighborhood. The Meewasin Valley Authority is developing parks and walk ways along the South Saskatchewan River. Along the west boundary of the exhibition neighborhood is Gabriel Dumont park as well as trails at the top and base of the riverbank.
Education.
St. Frances School is a Separate or Catholic Elementary School of the neighborhood. The area's public elementary school, Thornton School, was decommissioned in 1986 and demolished in 1997.
Commercial.
Commercial development includes a service station at the corner of Ruth Street and Lorne Avenue, commercial development at Lorne Avenue and Taylor Street, and a number of light-industrial businesses on St. George Avenue and Isabella Street West.

</doc>
<doc id="9867186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867186" title="In Search of the Turtle's Navel">
In Search of the Turtle's Navel

"In Search of the Turtle's Navel" is the 1976 debut album by guitarist Will Ackerman. Some consider the album to be the start of New Age music. The album took Ackerman from his work as a carpenter and head of Windham Hill Builders to becoming a professional musician and executive of Windham Hill Records.
The picture on the album cover is one Ackerman took of his younger sister Eleanor when they were children.
Track listing.
All compositions by Will Ackerman

</doc>
<doc id="9867210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867210" title="Boatshed">
Boatshed

Boatsheds are generally lockable wooden sheds, often brightly colored, that were originally built to securely store small private boats and bathing materials directly on beaches. They are similar in appearance to beach huts (or "bathing boxes"), with the main difference being an integrated boat launching ramp directly to the beach (although some ramps have been replaced with steps, reflecting changes in usage).
Boatsheds are typically around 6.2m long x 3.0m wide x 2.4m high, which is somewhat larger than local bathing boxes (typically only 2.4m long x 2.0m wide x 2.0m high). Boatsheds have a roof pitch of around 30°, which is somewhat shallower than the 35° roof pitch of local bathing boxes.
Port Phillip Bay and Western Port Bay in Victoria, Australia are currently home to about 1860 boatsheds, bathing boxes and similar structures.

</doc>
<doc id="9867251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867251" title="Rehe Guard Army">
Rehe Guard Army

The Rehe Guard Army was a corps of the Manchukuo Imperial Army, formed after the conquest of the former Chinese province of Rehe during Operation Nekka in 1933. The Rehe Guard Army was created from a section of the Taoliao Army and had a nominal strength of 17,945 men
Rehe Guard Army.
In the 1935 reorganization of the Manchukuo Imperial Army it became the 5th District Army "Chengde" under command of General Chang Hai-peng.

</doc>
<doc id="9867267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867267" title="Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet">
Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet

The Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet was a large number of private transportation companies running smaller passenger and freight boats on Puget Sound and nearby waterways and rivers. This large group of steamers and sternwheelers plied the waters of Puget Sound, stopping at every waterfront dock. The historical period defining the beginning and end of the Mosquito Fleet is ambiguous, however the peak of activity occurred between the first and second World Wars.
Beginnings.
Puget Sound and the many adjacent waterways, inlets, and bays form a natural transportation route for much of the western part of the State of Washington. For navigation purposes, Puget Sound was sometimes divided into the "upper Sound" referring to the waters south of the Tacoma Narrows, and the lower sound, referring to the waters from the Tacoma Narrows north to Admiralty Inlet.
The first steamboat to operate on Puget Sound was the "Beaver", starting in the late 1830s. "Beaver" was a sidewheeler built in London, which reached the Northwest under sail, with her paddle wheels dismantled. In 1853, Hudson’s Bay Company brought a new steam-powered vessel into the area, the "Otter", a propeller-driven bark,
The Native Americans traversed Puget Sound in well-built cedar canoes, as they had for thousands of years, and for some time so did the American settlers, who only began to arrive in very small numbers in 1846. In 1851, Olympia became the only formal American town on Puget Sound. In November 1851, the schooner "Exact" disembarked passengers at Alki Point, which was the beginning of the city of Seattle. In February 1852, three of the settlers, Arthur A. Denny, C.D. Boren, and William N. Bell took soundings on the east side of Elliott Bay, found the water to be deep enough near the shore to form a port, and staked land claims along the water.
The first American steamboat on Puget Sound was the sidewheeler "Fairy" built in San Francisco in 1852. Captain Warren Gove, born in Edgecomb ME in 1816 (one of three Gove brothers involved in early maritime affairs) brought "Fairy" to Puget Sound on the deck of the bark "Sarah Warren" and lowered her into the sound on October 31, 1853. "Fairy" was the first steamboat on Puget Sound to have a formal schedule, published for the first time on November 12, 1853 in the "Columbian" newspaper of Olympia. The "splendid steamer" "Fairy", as she was advertised, was supposed to make two trips a week between Olympia and Steilacoom, and one trip a week from Olympia to Seattle. Fares were high, $5 for Olympia-Steilacoom, and $10 for Olympia-Seattle. "Fairy" however proved unseaworthy in the rougher winter weather in the lower sound, and after a few runs from Olympia to the then very small village of Seattle was eventually replaced by a sailing schooner, which ran irregularly and, more predictably, by mail and passenger canoes. These were owned and crewed by the First Nations. It took in those days at least two days and often three to make the trip from Seattle to Olympia, and travellers camped on the beach at night. (Following her failure on the upper sound, "Fairy" was placed on the much shorter Olympia-Fort Steilacoom run, until 1857 when her boiler exploded. No one was killed, but that was the end of her.)
The next steamboat on the Sound was the "Major Tompkins", which arrived on September 16, 1854. "Tompkins" (151 tons and long) was an iron-hulled steamer with a propeller, built at Philadelphia in 1847, and somehow brought around South America to California, where she had collected gold from gold seekers during the great California gold rush. Paid off by her California competitors in a typical monopolistic deal of the era, "Major Tomkins" was sitting idle at the dock in San Francisco in 1854 when she was bought by Capt. James M. Hunt and John M. Scranton who brought her up north to Puget Sound. Once she arrived, the "Pumpkins", as the locals called her, made her very slow way (approximately 5 miles per hour) among Olympia, Seattle, Victoria and other places, carrying mail, freight, and passengers. "Pumpkins" was lost at Victoria, blown ashore in a squall following a mistake in navigation, fortunately all aboard reached safety in a narrow escape.
Effect of Fraser River Gold Rush.
Other boats were brought in during these early times, including among others, "Traveler", "Constitution", the diminutive "Water Lily", "Daniel Webster", "Sea Bird", and the steeple-engined "Wilson G. Hunt", none of them succeeding particularly well until the Fraser River Gold Rush in 1858. Puget Sound then became a shipping point for supplies and goldseekers, and the steamboats profited well. Bellingham Bay was one jumping off point for the rush, which was handicapped by the almost complete lack of roads or paths into the mainland of British Columbia at the time, and boats were also brought in to carry miners from Victoria to the mainland, and thereafter up the Fraser River.
Rise of steam navigation.
In the 1860s and the 1870s, many new steamboats, most built of wood, were brought in to the area or built. One of the earliest, and most famous boats was the sidewheeler, "Eliza Anderson". Her owners equipped "Eliza Anderson" with a steam calliope which blasted out a variety of tunes, including (to the irritation of Canadians when she operated north of the border) "Yankee Doodle" and "Star Spangled Banner." Other boats began to appear, and by 1864, "J.B. Libby", "Mary Woodruff", "Pioneer", "Alexandra" and "Jenny Jones" had all appeared on the sound. Steamboat operations were still irregular and unsatisfactory to the general public, as shown by a newspaper commentary of the day:
In April 1866, the sidewheeler "Cyrus Walker" arrived in the Sound under Capt. A.B. Gove. Seattle residents, predominantly male and apparently hard-drinking, mistook her for the promised ship full of brides that Asa Mercer was supposed to be bringing from the east coast. Supposedly a tug, "Cyrus Walker" also carried freight and passengers; in those days on the sound, no firm distinction was necessarily drawn between steam tugs and other steam-driven craft. "Eliza Anderson" was still dominating the main route on the sound at the time, which was the Olympia to Victoria run. Slow but cheap to operate, the "Eliza" bested all competitors, including "Josie McNear", "New World", and the oddly designed (as a result of her steeple engine) "Wilson G. Hunt"
Boom time.
The "Eliza"'s monopoly on the main route was broken in 1869, when first she was taken off the main route. Her owners led by Captain Finch, replaced her with the newer "Olympia". To make matters worse, the mail contract which had sustained "Eliza" was awarded to a firm of upstart competitors, led first by Captain Nash, and then by his financiers the Starrs, who had found the cash to buy the "Varuna" and build the sidewheeler "Alida" and the propeller "Tacoma" in the water. A fare war broke out, and on June 23, 1871, the Starrs brought into Puget Sound the then-new sidewheeler "North Pacific" to run against the "Olympia". When "North Pacific" proved faster than "Eliza", the fare war was ended with the customary anti-competitive agreement, whereby the Starrs would pay Finch for keeping the "Eliza" and "Olympia" at the dock. Captain Geo. E. Starr died in 1876, but his company survived him, and built in 1879 the sidewheeler "George E. Starr" named in his honor.
By the 1880s and 1890s the population the Puget Sound region had risen greatly, and steamboat technology had also improved. Many new and fast vessels were launched, such as the sternwheelers "Greyhound" and "Bailey Gatzert" and the famous propeller steamer "Flyer". Roads were still poor, and of course there were as yet no automobiles. The water route was the preferred way to travel between the cities on the Sound. In 1890, for example, regular daily service began between Tacoma and Seattle with the "Greyhound". In the early 1900s, larger and more durable steel hulled boats were either built at Puget Sound shipyards, like the "Tacoma" (launched 1913) or brought in from other areas, like "Indianapolis", "Iroquois", and "Chippewa". The "Tacoma" could make the run from Seattle to Tacoma in 77 minutes dock to dock.
Navigation.
There were over 40 different steamboat routes on Puget Sound. While steamboats were shifted from route to route, there was also a strong tendency for vessels to be run on the same route for a long period of time, and in fact many vessels were purpose-built for a particular route. Some of the reasons for this were economic, as high-passenger routes, such as the Seattle-Port Orchard or the Seattle-Tacoma routes might justify one or even several high-speed passenger-only vessels, like "Tacoma," "Flyer", or "Athlon". Others like the East Pass route of the "Virginia V" warranted a mixed-use passenger/freight/mail boat.
One important consideration which will not necessarily be obvious in modern times of radar, GPS and depth-sounders, is the degree to which navigational skill and experience on a particular route played in making sure each run was completed safely and profitably. The steamboats could not run only in fair weather or in the daytime. Heavy fog was particularly hazardous, and could come any time of year. Once a steamboat was in a fog bank, a captain would have to reckon very carefully from his experience on the run just where his boat was. While there was no radar, captains proved remarkably adept at determining their position with echoes from the steamboat's whistle. Sound travels at about 1,080 feet per second in a fog bank, and rounding off to 1,000 feet for safety, that meant that if an echo was heard one second after the whistle blast, the steamboat was 500 feet from shore. The maritime historian Jim Faber well-summarized the degree of detail that an experienced crew could deduce by echo location:
It took an experienced captain years of navigation on a particular route to be able to safety pilot his boat through a fog bank or a dark rainy night using this method. This of course made it difficult simply to put a new boat on a particular route without a crew with strong local experience.
Selected Routes and landings.
Olympia.
Olympia's main steamboat landing was Percival Dock. In 1910, boats operating from this dock included the then-new gasoline-engined tug "Sandman", the Foss launch "Lark", and the mail boat "Mizpah". The sternwheeler "Multnomah" also came to Percival Dock on her Seattle-Tacoma-Olympia route.
Shelton.
The little sternwheeler "Willie" (67 feet long) was built at Seattle in 1883 for the Samish river service. In 1886 Capt. Ed Gustafson bought her and put her on the Olympia-Shelton route. In 1895, Captain Gustafson replaced her with the "City of Shelton", and "Willie" went north of the border to serve on the Fraser River.
Hood Canal.
In 1899, service to Hood Canal from Seattle's Pier 3 (now Pier 54) was effected by the propeller steamer "Dode". A typical wooden boat of the Mosquito Fleet, the 99' long "Dode" left Seattle every Tuesday on the run to Kingston, Port Gamble, Seabeck, Brinnon, Holly, Dewatto, Lilliwaup Falls, Hoodsport, and, at the end of what must have been a long day, Union City. The next morning she'd return to Seattle on the same route.
Safety and Shipwrecks.
Crew safety.
Safety was a constant issue for steamboats. Some vessels, particularly the later steel-hulled ones, had perfect safety records. This was not always true, and the lives of both passengers and crew were often endangered. There are many instances of crewmen falling off vessels and drowning. Crew did not wear life preservers, as is now required on all riverine vessels. For example, in the case of the Mizpah, the engineer went on deck, apparently slipped, fell overboard and was drowned. Another unfortunate case was that of Captain O.A. Anderson, a Port Townsend pilot who fell from a ladder in rough seas in late December, 1912, when trying to board the steamship "Setos" from the pilot launch.
Fire.
A great danger to all wooden boats was fire. One of the worst disasters in all shipping history was the fire in New York harbor of the "General Slocum" on June 15, 1904, in which more than 1,000 people died. While the "General Slocum" was a large vessel, there were a number of similar sized wooden boats on Puget Sound and the Columbia River (for example, "Alaskan", "Olympian" and, in particular "Yosemite", which routinely boarded more than 1,000 passengers) where on a busy day or a crowded excursion such a death toll could have occurred. Hunter, one of the premier historians of steamboats on the Mississippi-Ohio-Missouri river systems, well summarized the causes of fire in wooden steam craft:
The cause of fire can be readily seen when one considers that in the midst of this pile of oil-soaked wood, there was placed the biggest furnace that could be afforded by the owner, capped with an enormous smokestack to generate the maximum amount of draft for the fire. Added to this was the risk, in the days before electric light, associated with oil and kerosene lanterns and other sources of ignition. Many vessels were destroyed by fire, two examples being "Mizpah" and "Urania".
Collision.
Collisions were also too common, when steamboats continued to operate in fog or night, without radar or other modern navigation aids, and often caused greater loss of life than fire. Unlike fire, which often could be fought until the vessel reached a beach where passengers and crew could evacuate, collisions came suddenly. Where there was a substantial difference between the size or construction of the vessels, such as steel against wooden hull, destruction could be quick. Thus, on the night of November 18, 1906, the small lightly built passenger steamer "Dix" (130 tons), designed specifically for the very short run across Elliott Bay from Seattle to Alki Point collided with the much larger steam schooner "Jeanie". The night was clear, and the collision seems to have been caused by an error of the "Dix"'s unlicensed mate, who had the wheel while the captain, consistent with the practice of the day, collected the fares. Even though the collision speed was small, "Dix" was lightly built and top-heavy; she quickly heeled over, filled with water and sank in 103 fathoms, taking 45 people down with her, including her mate. The wreck was so deep that no bodies could be recovered. Similarly, but less tragically, the wooden sternwheeler "Multnomah" was rammed (also in Elliott Bay, scene of much marine traffic) by the much larger steel-hulled express passenger "Iroquois" on October 28, 1911, sinking "Multnomah" in 240 feet of water, fortunately with no one reported killed.
Safety measures.
Loss of the "Clallam".
By 1904, the causes of shipping losses were well-known and safety measures had been established by law, and enforced by the U.S. Steamboat inspection service. Each vessel's certificate stated how many lifeboats, fire axes, and similar items were supposed to be carried. Yet that year saw the tragic loss of life on the "Clallam", which left Seattle bound for Victoria on January 8, 1904, under the command of Capt. George Roberts. A storm came up as she neared Victoria, and she started taking on water. When her pumps failed (apparently they actually brought water "into" the vessel rather than evacuating it), her boiler fire was extinguished by the rising water, and she lost all power, save for an emergency sail. The captain ordered three lifeboats launched, and put into them the women and children, yet no ship’s officers went on board to command the boats in the rough seas. All three boats were lost with all the passengers on them. "Clallam" stayed afloat long enough to be found by rescuers, but even so, 54 lives were lost. Serious shiphandling and mechanical defects seemed to have caused the loss of the "Clallam", and the license of her master, George Roberts, a 29-year veteran steamboat man, was suspended and that of her chief engineer was revoked. There also seem to have been an insufficient supply of signaling rockets.
Crackdown by steamboat inspectors.
Following the "Clallam" disaster, there was a crack-down on violations of the steamboat safety regulations, which seem to have been widely ignored. At Port Townsend, following a surprise inspection of the steamer "Garland" on February 6, 1904, the following defects were found:
Similar conditions were found on the same day on the "Prosper", and to a lesser degree on the "Alice Gertude" and the "Whatcom", although they were referred for special boiler inspections. The inspections and fines assessed on these four vessels were just part of a campaign by the inspectors to enforce the regulations on all steam craft operating in Puget Sound. By February 17, 1904, sixteen more vessels, including some well-known ones, had been inspected, found deficient, and fined for similar reasons, and in addition failure to maintain adequate fog horns and not providing sufficient written instructions to passengers as to the location of life preservers. Vessels found deficient included among others the well-known "George E. Starr", "Rosalie", and "Athlon".
All of the many defects found by the steamboat inspectors on Puget Sound were unfortunately typical of the lax standards of the day, which contributed to the horrible death toll in the loss by fire in New York of the "General Slocum" on June 15, 1904. This loss, which occurred while the "General Slocum" was packed with an excursion, produced swift results on Puget Sound, as inspectors strictly counted the total numbers of persons boarded on each vessel, and gave notice that there would be no more remissions of fines for equipment defects. (It had been the custom that heavy fines imposed on steamboats would be remitted upon a showing of compliance by the vessel's owners.)
Conversion to ferries and decline.
As automobile ownership rose and highways and roads improved, passenger travel fell off. Many boats were converted to automobile ferries, the first being the "Bailey Gatzert". Others were eventually just abandoned on beaches or never repaired after a wreck or a mechanical breakdown. Some, like the "Magnolia", were converted into towboats. Others had different fates. "Arcadia", the last passenger vessel (capacity 275 passengers, 100 tons freight) operating between Tacoma and upper Puget Sound landings under the command of Capt. Bernt Bertson, was sold to the federal government for use as a tender for the federal prison on McNeil Island, where she was renamed "J.E. Overlade". This was not the end of "Arcadia", however, as in 1959 she was bought back from the federal government by Puget Sound Excursion Lines, renamed "Virginia VI", and placed in the excursion business with the "Virginia V" then under the same ownership.
Nicknames and popular verse.
Steamboats attracted a lot of nicknames, not all of them complimentary. There was as mentioned the "Pumpkins". The "Greyhound" was called the "Hound", the "Pup" and the "Dog." "Wealleale" was known to all as "Weary Willie." The "Robert Duinsmere", originally as a sidewheel steamer in Canada for the Vancouver-Nanaimo route, was later rebuilt as propeller collier, thereby suffering the misfortune of becoming known as the "Dirty Bob". The "City of Shelton", lacking a spray guard over her paddlewheel, was called "Old Wet-Butt" by crew of the propeller "Marian", her competitor on the Olympia-Shelton route. And in the 1920s, "Barely-Gets-There" was the appellation for the once-sleek "Bailey Gatzert" sponsoned-out as she to carry as many autos as could be loaded on her, and made more ugly yet with the addition of a loading elevator on her foredeck.
The sidewheeler "George E. Starr" lasted from 1879 to 1911, and slowed down to the point where a song was composed about her:
It is said that William J. Fitzgerald, who later became Seattle's fire chief, at age 8 composed a little tribute to two Seattle pioneers and two famous steamboats as follows:
Final years.
There was never a single "last voyage" of the Mosquito Fleet, in contrast to the famous last runs of the "Georgie Burton" in 1947 on the Columbia or the "Moyie" on Kootenay Lake in 1957. There were staged races up through the 1950s, and a few revivals on a few runs, even as late as the Second World War. But by the late 1920s, automobiles and highways had filled the transportation needs that steamboats had once supplied, and in 1930, the "Tacoma" made her last run on the Seattle-Tacoma route, under the command of Captain Everett D. Coffin, the only skipper she’d ever known . This marked the real end of commercial passenger activity for the steamboats. Newell and Williamson documented the occasion:
The Tacoma and the Indianapolis passed a little south of Three Tree Point. ... Capt. Coffin pulled down a window and leaned out in the driving rain. The Indianapolis floated by, a dozen squares of light topped by a star. She spoke; three long, lingering blasts. ... Capt. Coffin reached for his own whistle cord. Three long blasts. And he let the last blast die away slowly, until it was only a moan in the throat of the whistle. “That’s the last time we pass each other,” he said.
When "Tacoma" arrived at her dock in Tacoma harbor that last night, every ship in the port blew three blasts on their whistles as a salute. Andrew Foss, owner of the great Foss tug concern, sent "Foss No. 17" to help "Tacoma" make her landing, even though it had been two years since Tacoma could afford the help of a tug. As she left that last time on her return to Seattle, "Tacoma" passed the hull of the "Greyhound", once the fastest boat on the Sound and now, minus her upper works, engines and sternwheel, in her last service as a mudscow.
Legacy.
The Washington State Ferry system now runs on many of the routes of the Mosquito Fleet, of which the fine steamer "Virginia V", newly restored, is one of the last remaining vessels. The oldest remaining vessel is the motor vessel "Carlisle II", built in Bellingham in 1917 and still in regular revenue service between Bremerton and Port Orchard for Kitsap Transit. Of the other little ships, Gordon Newell, one of their greatest historians, wrote:
As a modern reminder of the little ships, in 2001, Kitsap County inventoried all the many landings and docks of the Mosquito Fleet on Bainbridge Island and the Kitsap Peninsula, and developed the Kitsap County Mosquito Fleet Trail for bicycles and foot traffic. Presently, Kitsap Transit operates a passenger only ferry between Port Orchard and Bremerton. "The Carlisle II" has been designated as a floating museum. It is one of few mosquito fleet era ferries operating on Puget Sound today. It runs every half hour beginning on the hour and half hour on the Port Orchard side and 15 and 45 minutes after the hour on the Bremerton side. One-way fare is $2.00.
Return of the Mosquito Fleet.
Occasionally there is talk of restoring the Mosquito Fleet, which in modern parlance has become known as the "passenger-only ferry," although it appears not much has come of these ideas, as they seem to be dependent on public funding or subsidies. (This would not have been unusual for the first Mosquito Fleet, as in the beginning, for example, mail contracts were sought as a means of support for the vessels.)
Some movement towards this may be happening. In August 2007, the city of Kingston received a $3.5 million grant from the federal government to cover at least some of the costs of building a terminal and a passenger-only ferry between Kingston and Seattle.
In April 2007, a county-wide Ferry District was formed in King County to expand transportation options for county residents through passenger ferry services. The King County Ferry District (KCFD) is the governing body and the district board is composed of all nine members of the Metropolitan King County Council. On July 1, 2008, the KCFD took over the operations of two existing passenger ferry services and is planning up to five new routes.

</doc>
<doc id="9867277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867277" title="MV Nantucket">
MV Nantucket

MV "Nantucket" is a ferry owned and operated by The Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority. It was built in 1974 by Belinger Shipyards in Jacksonville, Florida. She serves the islands of Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard. She was named after a 19th-century paddlewheel steamer serving this route, the sidewheeler "Nantucket".

</doc>
<doc id="9867301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867301" title="Bob DeMarco">
Bob DeMarco

Robert "Bob" DeMarco (born September 16, 1938 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a former American football center who played fifteen seasons in the National Football League for four teams.

</doc>
<doc id="9867310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867310" title="HMS Nairana (D05)">
HMS Nairana (D05)

HMS "Nairana" (D05) was the lead ship of the Royal Navy's s that saw service in the Second World War. She was built at John Brown & Company shipyards in Clydebank, Scotland. When construction started in 1941 she was intended as a merchant ship, but was completed and launched as an escort carrier, entering service at the end of 1943.
"Nairana" operated escorting convoys and doing anti-submarine work in the Atlantic and Arctic theatres. On 26 May 1944, Royal Navy Sea Hurricanes operating from "Nairana" claimed the destruction of three Junkers Ju 290s during the defence of a convoy. This represented 10 percent of the total German inventory of the type. She survived the war, and in 1946 was transferred to the Dutch Navy as the "Karel Doorman" (QH1), the first Dutch aircraft carrier. In 1948, she was replaced in the Dutch Navy by another vessel of the same name. "Nairana" was returned to the Royal Navy, and sold to the Port Line company, becoming the merchant ship "Port Victor".
Design and description.
The "Nairana"s were a class of three escort carriers built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Escort carriers were designed to protect convoys of merchant ships from U-boat and aircraft attack. Following the successful conversion and operation of , the Admiralty decided to take over three more merchant ships while they were still under construction and convert them into escort carriers. The three ships chosen were being built at three different shipyards Harland and Wolff in Northern Ireland, Swan Hunter in England and John Brown & Company in Scotland. The prototype was built by John Brown who supplied the other two companies with copies of the plans. The three ships were supposed to be identical but in reality they were all slightly different.
HMS "Nairana"—built by John Brown was launched on 20 May 1943 and completed on 12 December 1943. She had a complement of 728 men and displaced . Her other dimensions were a length of , a beam of and a draught of . Her aircraft facilities included a flight deck, a hangar measuring , eight arrestor wires and an aircraft lift measuring .
She had a traditional rivetted hull, steel flight decks and a closed hangar. Propulsion was provided by diesel engines connected to two shafts giving , which could propel the ship at . Her armaments concentrated on anti-aircraft (AA) defence and comprised two QF 4 inch Mk V naval gun dual purpose guns on a twin mount, sixteen Oerlikon 20 mm cannon AA autocannons on eight twin mounts and sixteen 2-Pounder "Pom Pom" AA guns on four quadruple mounts. Aircraft assigned were either anti-submarine or fighter aircraft, which could be made up of a mixture of Hawker Sea Hurricanes, Grumman Wildcats or Fairey Swordfish.
Service history.
"Nairana" was commissioned in December 1943, and moved to Gourock for working up. "Nairana" with 835 Naval Air Squadron Fleet Air Arm on board commenced flying exercises with "Activity" on 27 January 1944. Both carriers left the River Clyde on 29 January with the 2nd Escort Group under the command of Captain Frederic John Walker. They were to form a "hunter killer group" in the waters west of Ireland, providing cover for two southbound convoys OS 66 and KMS 70. Weather conditions had prohibited flying until 31 January. With clearer weather "Nairana" turned into the wind to send off her first anti-submarine patrol. At the same time, reported contact with a submerged U-boat on her ASDIC. Warning "Nairana" that she had just turned into danger, the carrier took avoiding action. was sunk by "Wild Goose" and Walker's own ship , while a Fairey Swordfish from "Nairana" circled the area.
At the end of May 1944, "Nairana" sailed with the 15th Escort Group. Her air group was still 835 Naval Air Squadron equipped with nine Swordfish and six Sea Hurricanes. The Swordfish patrolled day and night and some contacts were made on the air to surface vessel radar (ASV). All the contacts came to nothing; it is now known the older model ASV in "Nairana"s Swordfish could be detected by receivers on board U-boats. In May, they escorted convoys SL 157 (Freetown to Britain) with MKS 48 (Mediterranean to Britain) and the next group SL 158 with MKS 49. On 25 May, the convoys were located by German Junkers Ju 290 reconnaissance aircraft. From then until the next morning, they were driven off undamaged, but one Sea Hurricane failed to pull out of a dive killing the pilot. On 26 May 1944, shortly after daybreak, a Sea Hurricane piloted by Sub Lieutenant Burgham from "Nairana" shot down Ju 290 9K+FK of FAGr 5 over the Bay of Biscay. The afternoon of the same day, Sub Lieutenants Mearns and Wallis attacked two more Ju 290s, Mearns shooting down 9V+GK piloted by Kurt Nonneberg, which ditched in the sea. The other Ju 290 disappeared on fire into cloud and was assumed to have crashed.
Russian convoy JW 61—which sailed on 20 October—had three escort carriers, "Nairana", and . This was a large convoy of 62 merchant ships with a large escort group. Vice-Admiral Frederick Dalrymple-Hamilton was in command with "Vindex" as his flagship. "Nairana" had 835 Naval Air Squadron with 14 Swordfish IIIs and six Wildcat VIs on board for what would be their first Arctic convoy. "Vindex" had the same aircraft types and numbers. The third carrier—"Tracker"—had 10 Grumman Avengers and six Wildcats. The short Arctic days meant that most flying would be at night. The three carriers worked a system of eight-hour watches; one would be the duty carrier with its aircraft aloft, the second would be on standby with its aircraft arranged on deck ready to scramble and the third resting. The two Swordfish-equipped squadrons, because of their better night-flying equipment, shared the nighttime hours while "Tracker"s Avengers worked the daylight hours. The strength of the convoy's escort may have deterred the Germans and no U-boats or reconnaissance aircraft were detected until the convoy approached the Kola Inlet; even then the heavy escort prevented any attack and the convoy reached port safely. The return convoy RA 61 was equally as successful with only one frigate damaged by a torpedo just after leaving Kola and "Vindex" had to take avoiding action after detecting a torpedo coming towards her. "Vindex"s inexperienced squadron lost a Wildcat pilot when his plane crashed into the sea attempting to land back on board. A Swordfish crashed into the sea following a rocket-assisted take off with the loss of the two man crew. Another Swordfish crashed on landing with the aircraft initially hung over the ship's side from its tail hook. When the hook gave way, it crashed into the sea and only the pilot was rescued. The squadron in total lost or so severely damaged eight Swordfish and two Wildcats that they could not fly again.
On 6 February 1945, "Nairana", , the cruiser , and eight fleet destroyers joined 26 merchant ships in convoy JW64. This time, the squadrons had spare aircrews for their aircraft and "Campania"s squadron included a Fairey Fulmar fitted with a Royal Air Force A1 air-to-air interception radar, for use as a dedicated night fighter. Shortly after the escorts and convoy came together "Campania"s radar operator reported a target approaching. Both carriers scrambled two Wildcats to intercept the intruder. "Campania"s Wildcats arrived first and shot down a Junkers Ju 88; one of the Wildcats was also shot down with the loss of the pilot. The next morning at 07:45, "Campania"s radar detected aircraft approaching. Two groups of Junkers Ju 88 torpedo bombers appeared and the convoy's escorts opened fire. The ships manoeuvred to avoid the torpedo attack and "Nairana"s Wildcats were airborne by 08:10. No ships were hit during the attacks and the bombers evaded the fighters in the heavy cloud cover. "Campania"s Swordfish were flying the daylight anti-submarine patrols, with a mixed armament of four RP-3 rockets and two depth charges.
On 7 November, 835 Squadron claimed a Junkers Ju 88 damaged. The long Arctic night with only four hours of light a day—together with heavy seas and low visibility—hampered any operations by the Wildcats. In the darkness, the ships could hear the engines of the shadowing German aircraft closing in. "Campania"s night fighting Fulmar took off at 17:30, but its electrics failed as it was approaching the German aircraft and it was forced to return to the carrier. The Fulmar landed off centre and crashed into the safety barrier, putting itself and the carrier out of action. On 10 November, a Swordfish on anti-submarine patrol reported 30 Junkers Ju 88s approaching the convoy. The Wildcats took off to intercept the torpedo bombers and the escorts opened fire on them. The combined fire from the escorts and the Wildcats shot down four Ju 88s, two more were claimed as probably shot down by the Wildcats, and another was severely damaged. Those Ju 88s that did release their torpedoes failed to hit any of the ships and a number of the torpedoes were seen to detonate in the ships' wakes, as they turned away from the attack. Two of the Wildcats were also shot down by the barrage from the escorts. The combined losses had reduced the escort's fighter cover to three aircraft, one on "Campania" and two on "Nairana". At 11:30, another group of Ju 88 torpedo bombers were discovered approaching. "Nairana"s Wildcats took off and shot one down. The others, under fire from the escorts, dropped their torpedoes too soon and they all missed.
The return convoy RA 64 left Kola Inlet on the morning of 17 February. One of the escorts and a merchant ship were torpedoed almost immediately. Another merchant ship was torpedoed that afternoon. Terrible weather conditions kept all aircraft grounded until 20 February. When it began to clear, the "Luftwaffe" also appeared and the Wildcats were scrambled to intercept them. Two Ju 88s were shot down by the fighters, another two by the escorts, and three were damaged. The convoys had lost to enemy action two fighters, two escorts and two merchant ships. In return, they claimed 15 aircraft destroyed, seven aircraft probably destroyed and one U-boat sunk. "Campania" did one more Russian convoy JW 65 in March 1945, which had two merchant ships torpedoed and sunk on their approach to Kola Inlet. These were the last losses on a Russian convoy.
With the war over there was no further need for escort carriers. "Nairana" was transferred to the Royal Netherlands Navy in 1946. In Dutch service, she was renamed HNLMS "Karel Doorman until 1948, when she was converted into a merchantman named the Port Victor". Until March 1968, "Port Victor" was owned by the Cunard Line but managed by the Blue Star Port Lines. She eventually became owned by Port Line in 1971; on July 21, she was sent to Faslane to be scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="9867370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867370" title="It Pays to Sin">
It Pays to Sin

It Pays to Sin is an American play in four scenes with an English adaptation by Louis Macloon and George Redman from the Hungarian by Johann Vaszary. 
The Broadway production was directed by Monty Collins at the Morosco Theatre, opening on November 3, 1933 and closing on November 5, 1933, It survived only 3 performances, receiving scathing reviews from the critics. Leon Ames, who played David Janossy (credited as "Leon Waycoff") and Garnett Lucille Ryman, who played Greta Kasda (credited as Jane Starr), each made their Broadway debut. Victor Sutherland played Zoltan Keleti.

</doc>
<doc id="9867394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867394" title="Merrill D. Peterson">
Merrill D. Peterson

Merrill Daniel Peterson (31 March 1921 – 23 September 2009) was a history professor at the University of Virginia and the editor of the prestigious Library of America edition of the selected writings of Thomas Jefferson. Peterson wrote several books on Jefferson, including "The Jefferson Image in the American Mind" (Oxford University Press, 1960; reprinted with new foreword, University Press of Virginia, 1998), and "Thomas Jefferson and the New Nation" (Oxford University Press, 1970). Other works include "Lincoln in American Memory" (Oxford University Press, 1994), "John Brown: The Legend Revisited" (2002), and most recently "Starving Armenians: America and the Armenian Genocide, 1915-1930 and After" (Univ. of Virginia Press).
Early life and education.
Merrill D. Peterson was born in Manhattan, Kansas, his father a Baptist minister. His parents divorced when he was in the third grade and his mother began running a boarding house.
After spending two years at Kansas State University, Petersen earned his B.A. at the University of Kansas and then took his Ph.D. in the history of American civilization at Harvard University.
Career.
After teaching at Brandeis and Princeton, Peterson was hired to teach at the University of Virginia, which remained his academic home for the rest of his life. He succeeded the great Jefferson biographer Dumas Malone there and ultimately became Thomas Jefferson Foundation Professor of History.
Works.
Peterson adapted his dissertation as his first book, "The Jefferson Image in the American Mind" (Oxford University Press, 1960), which won the 1961 Bancroft Prize for History. It is still hailed as a pioneering exploration of the history of American memory, which has become an increasingly important topic by historians. Peterson undertook the work to assess what history had made of Thomas Jefferson. At the end of a decade, he published a lengthy, one-volume biography, "Thomas Jefferson and the New Nation" (Oxford University Press, 1970), which he considered his most important book. His 1994 "Lincoln in American Memory," was written from a similar stance as his first book on Jefferson. It was a finalist for the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for biography.
Peterson's shorter studies include works on John Brown, President Woodrow Wilson, and Wilson's biographer, Ray Stannard Baker. Peterson edited several anthologies of Jefferson's writings.
In 1988, Peterson published another landmark work, "The Great Triumvirate" (Oxford University Press), at once a joint biography of Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, and John C. Calhoun, and a measured and thoughtful examination of their political and historical worlds.
Part of a generation that was admonished in its youth to "remember the starving Armenians," Peterson traveled to Armenia in 1997 as a Peace Corps volunteer and was moved by the country’s troubled history. After research, he wrote ""Starving Armenians": America and the Armenian Genocide 1915-1930 and After" (2004), which explores the American response to the violence against and dispersion of the Armenian people during and after World War I, when more than 1.5 million of the country's minority population died. He begins with the initial reports to President Woodrow Wilson from Henry Morgenthau, Sr., his ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. Peterson also covers the contemporary period and the continuing campaign by ethnic Armenians and others to convince the U.S. government to officially recognize the actions as genocide, which Turkey has denied.
Legacy and honors.
Peterson died at Charlottesville, Virginia, on September 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9867401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867401" title="McFaddin-Ward House">
McFaddin-Ward House

The McFaddin-Ward House was built in 1905 - 1906 in the Beaux-Arts Colonial Revival style in Beaumont, Texas. The historic home is and furnishings reflect the lifestyle of the prominent family who lived in the house for seventy-five years. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Di Vernon Averill commissioned architect Henry Conrad Mauer to build the house, which was sold the next year to Di's brother, William P.H. McFaddin. McFaddin and his wife Ida Caldwell McFaddin, from Huntington, West Virginia, moved into the house in 1907 with their three children: Mamie, age 12, Perry, Jr., age 9, and James Caldwell, age 6. 
A substantial carriage house was added in the same year. The carriage house had a stable, hayloft, garage, gymnasium and servant's quarters. When the McFaddins' daughter Mamie married Carroll Ward in 1919, the newlyweds moved in with the McFaddins and lived their entire married life there.
Before Mamie McFaddin Ward died in 1982, she created a foundation to preserve the house and the house opened as a museum in 1986. The entire grounds are currently open to the public. Outside the three-floor home are spacious lawns and flower beds and rose gardens. Inside, a substantial permanent collection of antique furniture and household items are in view. The McFaddin-Ward House is one of the few house museums in which the home’s original furnishings are intact and on display. It is also one of the few Beaux-Arts Colonial homes still open to the public.
Educational programs focus on history and are geared toward children and adults. The museum hosts lectures, special celebrations, summer camps, and open houses. New exhibits and displays are changed out often, giving fresh interpretations of the home. Christmas time is especially celebrated with special events and Eggnog Thursdays when the public is invited to enjoy eggnog and the McFaddin-recipe tea-cakes before touring the first floor of the house in the December evenings.
In addition, it was named a Texas State Historic Landmark in 1976, and the home has been featured on TV's Arts & Entertainment's America's Castles as a Lone Star Estate (only 3 Texas homes were featured), and the house has been included in several important architectural books. 
Once every three years, the McFaddin-Ward House museum hosts a historic house museum conference, inviting hundreds of other historic sites to participate. The next conference will be held in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="9867455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867455" title="The Heart of the Warrior">
The Heart of the Warrior

The Heart of the Warrior is a "" novel written by John Gregory Betancourt.
In "Voyages of Imagination", Betancourt remarked, "Worf has always been one of my favorite characters, and I wanted to write a book about him but set in the Dominion, where he would find a challenge to his hand-to-hand combat skills. Unfortunately, later seasons of DS9 developed the Founders and Dominion enough that my book is, ah, retroactively contradictory to the official universe in a number of places. Which is too bad because I think it's my best "Trek" novel."
Plot.
A crucial peace conference fills Deep Space Nine with intrigue. At the same time, Kira and Worf take a mission into enemy territory to discover the secrets of the chemical that controls the highly dangerous Jem'Hadar warriors. Odo may be their only hope of survival but he'll have to fight against his own people.

</doc>
<doc id="9867516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867516" title="Ken Gray (American football)">
Ken Gray (American football)

Kenneth Don Gray (born March 10, 1936 in San Saba, Texas) was an offensive guard who played 13 seasons in the National Football League for the Chicago/St. Louis Cardinals and the Houston Oilers. Gray attended Howard Payne University.

</doc>
<doc id="9867555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867555" title="Susan E. Wagner High School">
Susan E. Wagner High School

Susan E. Wagner High School is a New York City public school located at 1200 Manor Road in Staten Island, New York. The school is owned and run by the New York City Department of Education. On average, the school has about 3,000 students. Wagner's school colors are Navy and White, with the Falcon as the mascot. Wagner has a variety of programs including, but not limited to, The Law And Politics program, The Hospitality and Tourism program, the Scholars Academy, Air Force JROTC, Honors academy, many clubs and teams, a wide range of band and art programs, and annual Sing productions. The school has the largest marching band in New York City, with over 150 members strong. Their Performing and Visual Arts program has been rapidly expanding, with a winter and spring musical every year. This year's musical was , which made its debut between March 22 and March 31. The musical is scheduled to debut at the St. George Theater on Staten Island on the weekend of April 28 and 29.
Student Organization.
The Student Organization puts together and runs most of the events that take place at Susan Wagner High School, such as the dances and the International Festival. In the past few years the S.O. has had well over 150 events each year and over 200 clubs and teams.
Scholars Academy.
The Scholars Academy at Wagner is a well known and prestigious program. There are many advantages to being in this group of students. All "scholar" classes are weighted by 1.05, meaning that the average of the class is multiplied by 1.05. The weighted average of the class is the grade that is used in the configuration of the final average. To become a scholar, you must have above a ninety average in at least three classes. To remain in the program you must maintain above an 80 average in at least three scholars classes. 
An overall average below eighty five will result in scholars probation and eventually removal from the program.
Law & Politics Academy.
The Law & Politics Academy allows its members to participate in law-related classes. These two academies are very competitive. Seats are very limited. An overall average below eighty five will result in scholars probation and eventually removal from the program.
Performing and Visual Arts.
The school is well known in New York City for their Performing Arts department. The school's performing arts is led by Assistant Principal Paul Corn, and their visual arts is led by director Diane Zerega. The school has 3 concert bands: Symphonic Band, Concert Band, and Intermediate Band, as well as a Marching and Jazz Band. It also has a guitar ensemble as well as keyboard classes. The bands perform throughout the city, as well as annual trips to compete in locations such as Florida, Washington D.C., and Boston. The school was awarded a $200,000 from Borough President James Molinaro to retrofit their auditorium after their production of Les Miserables in Spring 2011. The retrofit was complete in time for their Spring Musical of Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street in 2012. The theatre program has also been invited to the historic St. George Theater to perform Les Miserables and Sweeney Todd.
Go to wagnerhightheater.org to purchase tickets for upcoming shows.
In The Heights (Spring 2013)
Brighton Beach Memoirs (Fall 2012)
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (Spring 2012)
Annie (Winter 2011)
Frankenstien (Fall 2011)
Les Miserables (Spring 2011)
42nd Street (Spring 2010)
West Side Story (Spring 2009)
Grease (Winter 2008)
"SING".
"SING" is a student-run production that includes a script/acting, dancing, art, a chorus, and a band. Students are judged on areas including originality, singing, art, acting, band, script, and dancing. There are three groups : Sophmen (freshmen and sophomores together), Juniors, and Seniors. Today, the shows have about 275 to 300 students involved. Sing began at Wagner in 1974. The competition was founded at Midwood High School in Brooklyn around 1947. Senior Sing 2013 won the cup and the title of Sing 2013 Champions with their theme as "Mr. Lentil`s Carnival". In 2014, Senior Sing took the cup with their tale of Arabian Nights. It followed a story line that many students, seniors especially, find themselves living in real life. With songs like "September" by Earth, Wind and Fire, Senior Sing told the story of a young man on his way to college, but afraid to leave his familiar life at home. With the help of his friends, he restores life to those who have lost their way, allowing him to see that with friends, anything is possible.
Previous Winners of Susan E. Wagner's SING:
"International Festival".
The "International Festival" is a student-run production which showcases an assortment of food and a three hour show presenting the diversity of the school through a collection of dances, fashion, songs, plays and exhibitions from all around the world. It began in early 2000, and continues to be one of the best known shows at Susan Wagner HS. Beginning in the library, the show now takes place in the auditorium, attracting hundreds of people both nights on Friday and Saturday, filling the school with audiences. The festival has grown tremendously throughout the years, as students partake in dances of other cultures as well as their own. Tickets cost $10, while an additional fee of $2 was implemented this year for food. In previous years, the show was held during March; this year, it was held on February 11 and 12. 
Performances that were held during International Festival 2011 (and are subject to change next year) include:
Fashion Show,
Dance Team,
Soca Dance,
Anime Club,
Sri Lankan Dance,
Russian Dance,
Asian Hip Hop Dance,
Indian Dance,
Cheerleading Squad,
Christian Club Dance,
Celtic Club Dance,
French Dance,
Spanish Dance,
Wagner Steppers,
Twirlers,
Filipino Club Dance,
African Dance Club,
Belly Dance,
Albanian Club,
Team Infusion,
At the end of the performance, all performers come together to sing We Are The World to portray the unity that is engendered by Susan E. Wagner's International Festival. However, this year, Wagner students sang We Are The World to open the show.

</doc>
<doc id="9867588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867588" title="Popeye Saves the Earth">
Popeye Saves the Earth

Popeye Saves The Earth is a 1994 widebody pinball game designed by Python Anghelo and Barry Oursler and released by Midway (under the "Bally" name). It is based on the "Popeye" comic/cartoon characters licensed from King Features Syndicate.
It is part of WMS' "SuperPin" line of widebody games.

</doc>
<doc id="9867608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867608" title="Cerro de las Mitras">
Cerro de las Mitras

Cerro de las Mitras (), named for its distinctive mitre-shaped structures at the very top viewed from the northern side, is another symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León, Mexico. Located in the cities of Monterrey, Santa Catarina and García.
Being part of the "Cumbres" National park created by the Mexican government, the mountain is often climbed by hikers. The ascent is considered fairly difficult to complete. A panoramic view of the city of Monterrey can be seen from the top.
The south/southeast face of the mountain was a source of raw material for the local concrete manufacturers (the craters are noticeable in the photos for their lighter gray colors).
Some other known mountains or elevations of the zone are: the Cerro de la Silla, the Sierra Madre Oriental and Cerro de Chipinque -with its famous M-shaped figure-, the Cerro del Topo Chico, Cerro del Obispado, Cerro de la Loma Larga and La Huasteca.

</doc>
<doc id="9867633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867633" title="Fujiwara no Sadakata">
Fujiwara no Sadakata

, also known as "Sanjo Udaijin" (三条右大臣), was a Japanese poet and courtier. His father was Fujiwara no Takafuji, and the poet Fujiwara no Kanesuke was his cousin and son-in-law. His son Asatada was also a poet. One of his poems is included in "Hyakunin Isshu".

</doc>
<doc id="9867660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867660" title="Beth Raines">
Beth Raines

Elizabeth "Beth" Ann Spaulding ("née" Raines; previously Lemay, Winslow, and Bauer) is a fictional character on the long-running American soap opera "Guiding Light". Judi Evans debuted in the role in May 1983 and remained with the show until July 1986. After Lisa Loughridge stepped in as a temporary replacement, Beth Chamberlin assumed the role from October 2, 1989 to February 18, 1991, January 1, 1994 to June 1994, and November 1, 1997 to September 18, 2009. Beth is the stepdaughter of the late Bradley Raines and daughter of Lillian Raines. She is the mother of Lizzie, James, and Peyton Spaulding and is known for her tumultuous relationship with her husband Phillip Spaulding. Evans won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in 1984 for her portrayal of the character. In 2010, Beth Chamberlin secured a nomination in the same category.
Background.
The character of Beth Raines has been half of two supercouples: Beth and Lujack Luvonaczek (Vincent Irizarry and Beth and Philip Spaulding (Grant Aleksander). Beth has also been married to Philip's father, Alan Spaulding (Ron Raines) and Philip's best friend Rick Bauer (Michael O'Leary). Beth, Philip, Rick and Mindy Lewis (Krista Tesreau) called themselves "The Four Musketeers" in the 1980s. Together they were four best friends with a watertight bond.
Playing Beth Raines was the first television/daytime role for now veteran actress Judi Evans. She stated that three of the four actors who played the four musketeers where all hired around the same time and that the four of them were very close. She also said that her time on "Guiding Light" was magical. It was when she realized that she was finally living her dream.
The book behind the character.
Chamberlin is the author of the novel, "Lorelei's Guiding Light: An Intimate Diary", written under the pen name of and the Beth Raines' alias Lorelei Hills. Published by St. Martin's Press, it was released during the summer of 2002. The "Cincinnati Enquirer" listed the book as number one on their best seller list for July 2, 2002. In the storyline, the book was Beth's diary while she suffered from amnesia and believed her name was Lorelei.
Storylines.
1983–86.
From the start, the character of Beth Raines was a recognized fan favorite. "Soap Opera Digest" named her 1984's Most Beleaguered Heroine, called her a part of "one of the top triangles ever to grace daytime" and compared later storylines to General Hospital's romantic/adventure couple Luke and Laura.
Beth Raines first appeared on Guiding Light in the spring of 1983. Beth was acknowledged to have been born March 16, 1966. Her biological father was killed in Vietnam. Her mother, Lillian, a nurse, had remarried Bradley Raines. In 1983, a 17 year old Beth was admitted to Cedars Hospital as an unconscious victim of an abusive stepfather. Her roommate was Mindy Lewis. Mindy was friends with two orderlies, Phillip Spaulding and Rick Bauer. The four of them formed a fast friendship, nicknamed "The Four Musketeers" which quickly developed into a romantic quadrangle. Beth was a shy, artistic teenager. Philip and Mindy, both heirs to two of Springfield's premier families, were dating when Philip fell for Beth who was dating Rick. Fate seemed to be pushing Philip and Beth together when they were name king and queen at their high school prom. When a traumatized Beth became nearly catatonic after being raped by her stepfather, the two of them ran away to New York City. The storyline took place at Christmas time and introduced the character of Nick, a Santa-like figure who would make later appearances on the show throughout the years around the holiday season. The location shoot was plagued by bad weather and a need for many reshoots. However, the result was a charming memorable love story that Grant Aleksander (Philip) said was worth the extra effort. They returned to be married, but discovered that Mindy, Beth's maid of honor, was pregnant with Philip's child, and Philip married Mindy instead.
Beth moved on with a gangleader named Brandon Luvoneczek, who called himself Lujack to conceal his identity for his criminal activities in a star-crossed romance. It was discovered he was the long-lost son of Philip's aunt Alexandra Spaulding. Lujack's ex-girlfriend also held Beth, LuJack and his mother hostage. Meanwhile, Mindy miscarried and after Philip and Mindy divorced, Philip tried to win Beth back. Beth was temporarily blinded in an explosion, when a jealous Philip hired someone to blow up a bar that Lujack was building with one of his past theft victims, Floyd Parker (Tom Nielsen). Lujack was accused of the murder of Andy Ferris (whom Philip had paid to blow up Lujack's bar), and the couple became amateur detectives to clear his name. Lujack was killed, leaving a heartbroken Beth to eventually reunite with Philip briefly before being kidnapped and presumed dead in 1986.
1989–2009.
In 1989, paintings of Beth surface and Philip becomes convinced that she is still alive. Meanwhile, Beth has returned to Springfield with Neil Everest, but with amnesia and unable to speak. A run-in with Bradley leads to her recovering her memory and eventually making amends with her stepfather. That December, Philip and Beth are reunited at the Willow Hills Sanitarium, where Philip stops Beth's marriage to Neil and Beth regains her speech. In 1990, Neil helps Beth recall what really happened when she was believed to be dead. She reveals that she killed her abductor, Professor Blackburn, when he tried to attack her. She sleeps with Philip who is at this time married to Blake, who refuses to grant him a divorce. When she finds out she's pregnant, she's unsure of the baby's paternity. She thinks it is Neil but later finds out that it's Philip. Neil is killed in an explosion that Philip is accused of causing. Philip, with the help of Rick and Beth, fakes his death to escape jail time. Beth and Rick marry to throw off suspicion related to Philip's fake death. Philip returns in October, and Beth gives birth to a daughter, Elizabeth Spualding (Lizzie), in November. In December, Beth and Rick divorce. Rick becomes Lizzie's godfather. The following year (1991) Philip and Beth marry and moved to Arizona with Lizzie. In early 1994, Beth returns to Springfeld separated with Phillip and without Lizzie. Beth explains that her and Phillip's marriage has gotten so rocky to the point that they have been considering divorce and moves in with her mother mother Lillian. Beth briefly has a fling with Detective Patrick Cutter and recognizes Jenna Bradshaw as jewel thief in Arizona. Beth has several unpleasant run-ins with Jenna and is hired by Alan-Micheal to work at Spaulding. Tension also is apparent with her friend Mindy, due to Beth's surprise at Nick's resemblance to her deceased fiancé and Nick's twin Lujack, which brings back strong memories for Beth. Beth also assists Fletcher in planning Nick and Mindy's surprise wedding. At Ross and Blake's wedding reception, Beth receives a phone call from Phillip telling her that if she does return to Arizona to work out their marriage, that he will finalize divorce and seek sole custody of Lizzie and makes sure her parental rights are terminated. Beth, fearful of the thread sneaks out of the reception and disappears from Springfield without telling anyone. Weeks later, Beth informs Lillian of the surprise turn of events and she won't to turn to town. In 1996, Philip and Beth were divorced off-screen.
In 1997, Beth returns to Springfield with Lizzie (played by Hayden Panettiere). Philip is dating Harley Cooper. Beth begins to date Ben Warren and announces to Philip that she intends to stay in town. In 1998, she teams up with Annie Dutton to try to win Philip back from Harley. She is named as a suspect in the murder of Carl Stevens. It is later revealed that young Lizzie shot and killed Carl because he had abused her mother. She protects Lizzie and unhappily allows her to be in Philip and Harley's wedding. In 1998, Beth makes a play for Matt Reardon, but later dates Jim Lema] (legal father to Harley's daughter Susan, who she gave up for adoption as a teen mom). When Beth, Philip and Jim are in a plane crash, Jim escapes to find help. Beth and Philip, thinking they are about to die make love. After being rescued, Beth accepts Jim Lemay's proposal. In 2000, Beth found out that she was pregnant with Philip's baby. She convinced Philip to allow her to pass the baby off as Jim's, in order to preserve both of their marriages. However, that same year, Lizzie is diagnosed with leukemia. Jim refuses to allow the doctors to induce labor in order to use the stem cells from the cord blood to save Lizzie's life. After breaking up and then reconciling, Jim saves Lizzie and baby James from a fire but died shortly afterward.
In 2001, Beth allows herself to be seduced by Prince Edmond Winslow of San Christobel and conspires with him to overthrow his brother, Prince Richard Winslow. She became a princess but divorced Edmond when she found out that he was holding Cassie prisoner. When she found out about it Edmund kept her in the same place he had been holding Cassie. She escaped and was saved by her ex Phillip. In 2002, Beth is presumed dead again when she is caught up in a flash flood in San Christobel. Edmond later meets a country girl named Lorelei Hills who looks exactly like Beth. He convinces her to come to Springfield and scam the Spauldings out of Beth's fortune by convincing them that Beth wasn't really dead. The con is successful and Philip began to fall in love with "Beth." When he realizes that she is an impostor, Lorelei and Edmond are jailed. In jail, Lorelei has flashback's of Beth's life and it is revealed that she really is Beth, only she that had amnesia all this time. Her fingerprints match and it is confirmed that she is the real Beth. Lorelei/Beth now struggles with her split personality. Lorelei dominates temporarily and runs off with Edmund. Eventually Beth's personality wins out and she is reunited with Philip and Lizzie. Just as they start to get back on track, a lover from Lorelei's past comes to Springfield in the unlikely person of Bill Lewis, the son of Billy Lewis and Vanessa Chamberlin Reardon, who was last seen as a teenager and is now a young college student.
In 2004, Philip was presumed dead, after having been shot by his father, Alan. In 2006 Beth was shocked to learn that Rick not only helped him fake his death, but had kept that information from her and everyone in Springfield. Beth married Philip's father Alan to obtain security for herself and her children. When she miscarried their baby, he became obsessed with a Lizzie's pregnancy and trying to gain custody of the child, fathered by Jonathan Randall, son of Alan's one-time wife, Reva Shayne. Beth divorced Alan Spaulding, but despite his short-lived marriage to Doris Wolf, and his near death at the hands of her daughter Ashley, Beth and Alan continued to bounce back and forth in their relationship. At one point, during the investigation to find out who shot Alan, Beth attempted to seduce Alan's other son, Alan-Michael, but was unsuccessful.
Beth focused on protecting Lizzie and her baby from Alan and reconnected with Rick, who was at the time married to Mel Boudreaux and father to their daughter Leah. Beth, Rick and Alan formed an on-again/off-again triangle. The affair was revealed by Jonathan Randall in an angry outburst. Rick and Mel divorced and Beth became pregnant, but paternity was uncertain. A distraught Cassie tampered with the paternity test to show that Rick was the father of Beth's baby, and Beth was married to Rick on the Fourth of July by Josh Lewis, who had become a preacher. Cassie blamed Alan for the death of her daughter Tammy, and wanted ostensibly to "protect Beth's child from having Alan Spaulding as a father." Lizzie was dismayed and angry that she hadn't been invited and was one of the last people to find out. Thinking the baby was a Bauer, Beth named the baby Bernadette as a tribute to Bert Bauer, Rick's grandmother. At Bernadette's baptism, Reva blurted out the truth in order to save her own son from Alan's wrath. Beth decided instead after some additional thought to rename her daughter Peyton Alexandra Raines instead of Bernadette Bauer.
Beth decided to go to law school, but her personal life remained more murky. When Alan had a brain tumor and started having visions of his dead son Gus, Beth started a relationship with Henry Cooper "Coop" Bradshaw who had been previously engaged to her daughter Lizzie. The relationship was supposed to be kept secret so Alan wouldn't find out but eventually everyone knew except Alan. When Alan found out he threatened to take Peyton from Beth and kill Coop if she didn't marry him. On the way to stop the wedding Coop got into a car accident. Phillip, who had been presumed dead for nearly five years, had recently decided to return to Springfield, and found Coop after the accident. He took him to the hospital, then went to the church to tell everyone what had happened. Beth was shocked to see Phillip alive, and then jolted to learn that Coop was clinging to life. Beth visited Coop on his deathbed, and his sacrifice made her decide not to marry Alan. During the relationship of Beth and Coop he wrote a book about their love and it was eventually published. Phillip's return jolted the entire Spaulding family, and they barely had time to adjust when Beth's and Phillip's 19-year old son, James, returned from boarding school. James was running a Ponzi scheme and even when Phillip helped clear the charges against him, he resented Phillip's return. Beth was torn between the love of her life and the son who had only known the worst of his father. During this time Beth also helped her daughter Lizzie marry Bill Lewis.
Eventually, Phillip learned he was dying. He didn't tell anyone, aside from Lillian (who was a nurse), and tried to repair the relationships in his life with the time he had left. Beth found out in what were supposed to be Phillip's last days, and she felt devastated as well as betrayed by Phillip and by her mother. Fortunately for Phillip, Alan agreed to a bone marrow transplant, and saved his son's life, but a few days later, Alan quietly died after attending the double wedding of Lillian and Buzz Cooper and Vanessa Chamberlain and Billy Lewis. Beth was forced to break the news to her young daughter Peyton. Shortly before Alan's death, Phillip had proposed to Beth, and she had happily accepted. James and Phillip were now reconciled and Lizzie was trying for a baby. Beth also decided to return to her first love, drawing. A year later, Beth and Phillip were happily married, and were celebrating the upcoming nuptials of their best friends Rick and Mindy.

</doc>
<doc id="9867677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867677" title="Unifund Assurance Co. v. Insurance Corp. of British Columbia">
Unifund Assurance Co. v. Insurance Corp. of British Columbia

Unifund Assurance Co. v. Insurance Corp. of British Columbia, 2 S.C.R. 63, 2003 SCC 40 is a leading constitutional decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on extraterritorial application of provincial legislation.
Background.
Marcia and Ronald Brennan were from Ontario. They visited British Columbia and rented a car. They were in a serious accident. The plaintiff driver returned to Ontario to collect a provincial no-fault benefit from Unifund Assurance. Unifund sought reimbursement from the Insurance Corp of British Columbia under the Ontario law. The BC insurance company challenged the Ontario law as extraterritorial. 
The issue before the Supreme Court was whether s. 275 of the Ontario Insurance Act was constitutionally inapplicable in the circumstances. 
Decision of the Court.
Justice Binnie, writing for the majority, allowed the appeal and found that the Ontario law was inapplicable to the BC insurance company. Binnie described the issue as whether there was a "real and substantial connection" between a provincial law and an out-of-province defendant. This is a question of constitutional applicability for which Binnie gives four propositions (para. 54):
Binnie examines and applies these principles. He notes that the BC insurance co. does not carry on any business in Ontario. He finally concludes that the Ontario law is inapplicable.
The analysis is significant in that it imports the conflict of laws approach in "Morguard v. De Savoye" into the constitutional analysis from the "Churchill Falls" case and other extraterritorial cases.

</doc>
<doc id="9867697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867697" title="National Energy Education Development Project">
National Energy Education Development Project

The National Energy Education Development Project is dedicated to promoting an energy conscious and educated society by creating effective networks of students, educators, business, government and community leaders to design and deliver objective, multi-sided energy education programs. 
The NEED Project's educator network includes over 65,000 classrooms nationwide who use NEED's annually up-dated curriculum materials. Educators are NEED members in order to receive updated curriculum materials, participate in workshops and inservices, and to connect to the NEED network. Membership is $35.00. In many states and localities, membership is sponsored for interested teachers by federal or state energy agencies and other NEED corporate sponsors.
The NEED Project Beginnings.
Started in 1980, launched by a Congressional resolution spearheaded by Gerard Katz, a New York state physics teacher, the National Energy Education Development Project (NEED) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit education association dedicated to promoting a realistic understanding of the scientific, economic, and environmental impacts of energy so that students and teachers can make educated decisions.
On March 20, 1980, President Jimmy Carter signed Proclamation 4738, entitled "National Energy Education Day: By the President of the United States, A Proclamation."
The proclamation read, in part:
"There are only two ways that we can reduce the imports of oil from foreign countries. One is to increase production of American energy of all kinds—and we have been blessed with tremendous reserves compared to other nations—and the other is to conserve the energy supplies that we have from all sources. We have made some progress. It has not yet been adequate, but it's been steady. We've more than reduced imports by a million barrels a day—and we expect to make even greater progress this year—since I've been in office, in 1977.
One of the major opportunities that has not yet been explored is to educate our young people—who can be just as effective, perhaps even more so, than many adults—in the facts about energy, what the opportunities are for conservation, and how they themselves can help. In homes, on the job, in transportation—there is a tremendous opportunity not only for young people to learn but also to educate their parents about the facts concerning how we can solve our energy problem through conservation.
A recent analysis has shown that there is an abysmal lack of information within the public school system among the students about basic facts concerning energy. And this designation of a national day for energy education is a very worthwhile commitment because of the facts that I've just described..."
http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/index.php?pid=33165
The NEED mission.
The mission of the NEED Project is to promote an energy conscious and educated society by creating effective networks of students, educators, business, government and community leaders to design and deliver objective, multi-sided energy education programs.
The NEED program includes innovative curriculum materials, professional development, evaluation tools, and recognition. NEED teaches the scientific concepts of energy and provides objective information about conventional and emerging energy sources— their use and impact on the environment, economy, and society. The program also educates students about energy efficiency and conservation while providing tools to help educators, energy managers, and consumers use energy wisely.
The NEED mission, goals, and governance are described on the program's website and include links to the organization's annual report and financial statement. NEED Project Mission
NEED’s curriculum.
Experts agree students learn best by doing. NEED materials are inquiry based and incorporate the “Kids Teaching Kids” philosophy. NEED makes teaching and learning about energy exciting while developing students’ leadership and critical thinking skills.
NEED materials are available for all grade levels from kindergarten through high school. With NEED's extensive curriculum, educators can design classroom programs that spark the interest of their students and meet course objectives. NEED materials are designed to meet and correlate to the National Science Education Content Standards, as well as many state standards. Educators who use NEED materials report that their students score better on end-of-grade testing, are more actively engaged in learning, and develop leadership skills as members of the community.
To ensure that teachers and students are working with accurate information, NEED materials are updated on a regular basis, using the latest data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, as well as from a wide range of energy industry partners. NEED works with educators and students to improve existing materials and develop new ones to meet national and state curriculum requirements. In a special partnership with the Energy Information Administration, NEED helps make energy information and data available to students via the EIA Kid's Page website. In 2006, the Kid’s Page was one of the most popular EIA products—averaging over 350,000 user sessions per month.
NEED welcomes partners who vitalize the NEED network with new curriculum materials and new schools. This year, a new partnership with Pacific Gas and Electric Company expanded the PG&E Solar Schools program to over 600 teachers in the PG&E service area. Schools receive NEED Solar Kits, Science of Energy Kits, teacher training and the opportunity to apply for photovoltaic (solar) installations and classroom grants.
In a new partnership with the College of the Mainland, Center for Process Technology, new materials and training resources will soon be released highlighting the basics of oil and natural gas exploration, production and refining. These materials explore petroleum and natural gas and the products made from them through a consumer’s eyes and with activities that explore careers in the industry.
NEED continues to grow at the national and the local level thanks to the support of committed sponsors and partners. Companies and organizations of all types and sizes work with NEED to invest in the future of energy and energy education. NEED sponsors and partners recognize the value of educating tomorrow’s workforce for careers in energy. Each partnership is unique. Each partnership considers an energy literate public a pathway to overcoming the energy challenges of the future.
The NEED curriculum is divided into eight steps; each builds on the others to form a comprehensive energy unit that encourages even the youngest students to understand how energy is involved in everything that happens in the world.
Need Curriculum is available in PDF format at the NEED website here: NEED Curriculum
Training and professional development.
Teachers are the key to the success of the NEED program. NEED teachers in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and four U.S. territories reach more than four million students each year in their local schools, and many more through outreach programs. Providing teachers with innovative training programs and opportunities to increase their own energy knowledge is a major objective of the NEED program.
Training is offered at local, state, regional and national levels. During the school year, NEED coordinators, lead teachers, and student leaders facilitate workshops for teachers, students, parents, and community members that may range from a few hours to several days. At these workshops, attendees receive an introduction to the NEED curriculum. Additional training for special topics like solar, hydrogen, wind, energy on public lands, or energy management is available in many areas of the NEED network. NEED specializes in creating a first-class training experience, which is consistently scored by participants as one of the best professional development experiences available.
In the summer, the National Energy Conferences for Educators give teachers and energy professionals the opportunity to meet other educators from across the country, design and develop NEED units for their classrooms, increase their energy knowledge, and earn graduate credit. They participate in NEED activities and field trips to energy sites such as nuclear power plants, coalmines, offshore oil production facilities, solar energy facilities, hydroelectric dams, and energy efficiency projects.
In the summer of 2006, approximately 600 educators from across the country attended National Energy Conferences in Colorado, Massachusetts, Washington, New York, Texas, and California. NEED sponsors and partners provide sponsorships for teachers, and they participate as speakers and field trip guides. Some NEED states also sponsor summer energy camps for kids, spring break day camps, and overnight energy weekends. Many NEED schools work with scout troops and community youth groups to help them gain energy-related merit badges and community service hours.
NEED Energy Workshop Opportunities are listed on the NEED Calendar here: NEED Calendar
The NEED network.
The long-term success of NEED depends on the support of its network. The educators, students, directors, coordinators, sponsors, and community partners who support the program say that working with NEED is one of the most rewarding things about their jobs. The board of Directors facilitates the implementation of NEED's strategic plan for expansion and helps support NEED's goal of providing an energy education program to every interested school in America. Board members volunteer their time and talents to make sure that NEED has a strong foundation and that the programs and materials reach the greatest number of people each year. Each member of the Board provides funding for the development of NEED programs.
State programs are a vital component of NEED's mission. State coordinators and NEED lead teachers, partners, and sponsors provide day-to-day guidance to local programs, conduct regional and local training programs, design and distribute materials, support teachers, and help develop new NEED programs and activities. These state programs make NEED work at the local level—helping connect the state education standards to NEED programs and materials.
NEED stays connected to its network via its newsletters— Energy Exchange and Career Currents—and a variety of resources and opportunities available on NEED's website, www.need.org, and many outreach events each year. Energy Exchange provides teachers, students, and sponsors with information and activities about energy and exciting new technologies and discoveries. NEED’s new newsletter, Career Currents, exposes students to the diversity of energy careers. Both newsletters are distributed bimonthly, and all issues are available on www.need.org.
With a new look this year, www.need.org gives teachers a resource for curriculum publications and activity guides, a place to discuss their NEED programs, and links to a variety of supplemental resources. The website also provides students with methods for choosing science fair experiments, fact sheets for research projects, activities to reinforce knowledge, and resources on the nation's leading energy sources, electricity, and conservation. NEED also partners with the Energy Information Administration on their EIA Kid’s Page, the premier site for kids to find reliable, up-to-date energy information and loads of fun energy activities.
Since its inception in 1980, NEED has grown from a one-day celebration of energy awareness to a national organization dedicated o introducing energy into the curriculum at every grade level. This growth would be impossible without the continued support of NEED's sponsors and partners at the national, state, and local level ho provide funding, time, energy, and technical assistance. NEED sponsors and partners believe in the importance of a comprehensive energy education program that helps teachers and students understand energy and its impacts on their world.
Current NEED Energy Education Programs.
The Pacific Gas and Electric Company Solar Schools Program:
Begun in 2004, the PG&E Solar Schools Program has installed over 100 solar photovoltaic electrical systems in K-12 public schools throughout its service area.
The program also funds free NEED energy education workshops and Bright Ideas grants of up to $10,000 for innovative educational projects.
PG&E Solar Schools Program homepage
Texas TXU Energy Solar Academy:
TXU Energy brings solar energy education to the classroom in the TXU Energy Solar Academy. TXU Energy provided a contribution to the National Energy Education Development (NEED) Project to launch a solar education program that helps teachers meet the requirements of the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills (TEKS), helps students and their families understand basic energy concepts and brings solar demonstration installations to local communities. 
TXU Energy Solar Academy homepage
ConocoPhillips Energy Education program:
ConocoPhillips sponsors a series of free K-12 workshops held throughout the nation. This workshop series presents a unique opportunity for classroom teachers (K-12) to learn about energy in a fun and exciting way! The seminars will create awareness of today’s energy challenges and the importance of using energy wisely. Participation in this workshop provides educators with more than $500 of curriculum and hands-on kits that teach about energy resources and energy transformations through hands-on activities. Participants receive the NEED Science of Energy Kit, a basic NEED curriculum set and a class-set of NEED's Energy Infobooks at grade level. Curriculum and training is aligned with state education standards. 
ConocoPhillips/NEED homepage
ConocoPhillips Energy Workshop Videos
List of Sponsors and Partners.
Sponsors and Partners Page

</doc>
<doc id="9867698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867698" title="Florida scrub">
Florida scrub

Florida scrub is an endangered temperate coniferous forest ecoregion of the state of Florida in the United States. It is found on coastal and inland sand ridges and is characterized by a xeromorphic plant community dominated by shrubs and dwarf oaks. Because the low-nutrient sandy soils do not retain moisture, the ecosystem is effectively an arid one. Wildfires infrequently occur in the Florida scrub. Most of the annual rainfall (about ) falls in summer. It is endangered by residential, commercial and agricultural development, with the largest remaining block in and around the Ocala National Forest. Lake Wales Ridge National Wildlife Refuge also holds a high proportion of remaining scrub habitat, while the Archbold Biological Station near Lake Placid contains about of scrub habitat and sponsors biological research on it.
Plant communities.
There is a high level of endemism in the flora and fauna, including an estimated 40 species of plants, 4 vertebrates and at least 46 species of arthropod found nowhere else.
Florida peninsula inland scrub.
Florida peninsula inland scrub is the plant community for which this ecoregion is named. Clumps of sand pines ("Pinus clausa") constitute the canopy. Common plant species include sand live oak ("Quercus geminata"), myrtle oak ("Q. myrtifolia"), sandhill oak ("Q. inopina"), Chapman oak ("Q. chapmanii"), Florida rosemary ("Ceratiola ericoides"), scrub palmetto ("Sabal etonia"), saw palmetto ("Serenoa repens"), garberia ("Garberia heterophylla"), fetterbush lyonia ("Lyonia lucida"), rusty staggerbush ("L. ferruginea"), cup lichens ("Cladonia" spp.), scrub holly ("Ilex opaca" var. "arenicola"), devilwood ("Osmanthus americanus" var. "megacarpus"), flag-pawpaw ("Asimina obovata"), silk bay ("Persea humilis"), Adam's needle ("Yucca filamentosa"), and eastern prickly pear ("Opuntia humifusa").
Longleaf pine sandhill.
Florida longleaf pine sandhills are often found adjacent to the scrub. They consist of stands of longleaf pine ("Pinus palustris") on very well-drained, sandy hills. These stands are maintained by frequent fires. Turkey oak ("Quercus laevis") is common in the understory and pineland threeawn ("Aristida stricta") makes up the ground layer.
Oak dome and hammock.
The southern coastal plain oak dome and hammocks occur as thick stands of evergreen oaks in small patches on shallow depressions or slight hills. These forests are distinct from their surrounding habitats, which are often dominated by longleaf pine. On mesic sites, common species are southern live oak ("Quercus virginiana"), sand laurel oak ("Q. hemisphaerica"), and American persimmon ("Diospyros virginiana"). The understory is sparse, with trumpet creeper ("Campsis radicans") and greenbriers ("Smilax" spp). On xeric sites, common species are sand live oak ("Quercus geminata"), southern live oak ("Q. virginiana"), longleaf pine ("Pinus palustris"), pineland threeawn ("Aristida stricta"), and southern dawnflower ("Stylisma humistrata").
Highlands freshwater marsh.
Floridian highlands freshwater marshes are highland marshes found in shallow peat-filled valleys, the basins of dried lakes, and the borders of existing lakes. The vegetation mosaic includes a range of mostly herbaceous plant communities, varying based on water depth. Deep water supports various submerged and floating plants. Meter-deep water supports emergent herbaceous perennial plants, typically in dense, monospecific stands, such as bulrush ("Typha latifolia"), pickerelweed ("Pontederia cordata"), and American lotus ("Nelumbo lutea"). Shallow areas submerged only during the wet season support more grasses, including maidencane ("Panicum hemitomon") and southern cutgrass ("Leersia hexandra"). Subsidence and drainage pattern changes make these habitats shift and change over time. Soils can be mucky, loamy, or sandy, but they are generally above permeable subsoils that create standing water much of the year. These marshes may also be called meadows or prairies. 
Nonriverine basin swamp.
Southern coastal plain nonriverine basin swamps occur in large, seasonally-flooded depressions away from rivers. Sites are often forested in trees such as bald cypress ("Taxodium distichum"), swamp tupelo ("Nyssa biflora"), and sometimes slash pine ("Pinus elliottii"). Characteristic shrubs include buckwheat tree ("Cliftonia monophylla"), swamp cyrilla ("Cyrilla racemiflora"), laurelleaf greenbrier ("Smilax laurifolia"), and fetterbush lyonia ("Lyonia lucida").
Animals.
Notable animals of the Florida scrub include the Florida Scrub Jay ("Aphelocoma coerulescens"), Florida mouse ("Podomys floridanus"), sand skink ("Neoseps reynoldsi"), bluetail mole skink ("Plestiodon egregius lividus"), Florida scrub lizard ("Sceloporus woodi"), and Florida worm lizard ("Rhineura floridana").

</doc>
<doc id="9867713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867713" title="Occupation of factories">
Occupation of factories

Occupation of factories is a method of the workers' movement used to prevent lock outs. They may sometimes lead to "recovered factories," in which the workers self-manage the factories.
They have been used in many strike actions, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9867734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867734" title="Mesoamerica (disambiguation)">
Mesoamerica (disambiguation)

Mesoamerica(n) or Meso-America(n) ("lit." "mid/middle America") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9867741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867741" title="Marge Gamer">
Marge Gamer

"Marge Gamer" is the seventeenth episode of "The Simpsons"' eighteenth season, which was originally broadcast on April 22, 2007. It was written by J. Stewart Burns and featured a guest appearance from Brazilian soccer star Ronaldo. This episode was first broadcast three days after the twenty-year anniversary of the first ever appearance of "The Simpsons" on television, in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night".
Plot.
Marge is embarrassed at a Parent-Teacher Association meeting because she does not have an e-mail address. She she decides to buy her own computer and is quite taken by the Internet. Quickly becoming bored with her lack of email messages she repeatedly hits the refresh button causing new advertising banners to appear. A banner for a MMORPG called "Earthland Realms" catches her attention. Marge clicks on it and soon creates a character for the game. She begins exploring the local town and interacting with game personas, all of whom are Springfield residents including Apu the gem trader, Seymour Skinner the turkey, Moe who looks like a troll but is not, Mrs. Krabappel the enchantress, Snake the Cobra King, Chief Wiggum the pig man, Smithers the Barbarian, Comic Book Guy the fully armored crusader-like warrior, and Sideshow Mel as a creature who looks surprisingly like a Tauren. Suddenly, everyone hides as a knight named "The Shadow Knight" appears riding a menacing black horse. The Shadow Knight is the most powerful and deadly character in the game (as Moe remarks ""He once beat me to death with my life bar!""). While offline Marge walks by Bart's bedroom door. She unintentionally hears Bart say "Another senseless killing by the Shadow Knight" and realises that Bart is the Shadow Knight.
Meanwhile, Homer referees Lisa's soccer game. His subpar skills frustrate Lisa. Stung by her criticism, Homer learns the rules of soccer and becomes a better referee, briefly impressing Lisa. Lisa twice pretends to be fouled hoping that Homer would grant her penalties. Initially he does. When soccer star Ronaldo points out that Lisa is a "flopper" Homer gives Lisa a yellow card. Angry, Lisa rips up the yellow card, causing Homer to her a red card for unsportsmanlike conduct and to eject her from the game. 
Back in the MMORPG, Marge goes to the Shadow Knight's castle and meets Milhouse who is cursed to look like a female servant as a result of an evil spell. Marge constantly frets about Bart and, to Bart's dismay, redecorates his "trophy room" with the Hello Kitty expansion pack. In a fit of rage Bart smashes many of the decorations with a mace. In the process he accidentally kills Marge's character which severely disappoints real world Marge.
Homer and Bart go to Moe's Tavern to escape the troubles that have occurred with Marge and Lisa. Moe gives them surprisingly good advice about their situations. Homer jokingly asks "What have you done with the real Moe?" and everyone laughs. A cutaway shot reveals that the real Moe is bound and gagged in the room next-door. Acting on fake Moe's advice, Bart makes up for killing his mother's character by reviving her with two-thirds of his life force. Revived, "Elf Marge" tends to the Shadow Knight, however other characters raid the castle to take advantage of his weakened state. The other characters brutally kill the Shadow Knight. In a rare breach of character Bart is blaze about his character's death. He decides to go outside and play.
In the real world Homer enters Lisa's room. He offers her a BBC documentary produced in cooperation with Canal+ about "floppers", hoping that she will forgive him. Watching the documentary Lisa realizes it was she that was at fault. Instead of forgiving Homer, Lisa apologizes for her injustice against him. Homer, Bart, Lisa and Maggie play a game of soccer in their back yard however Marge continues gaming inside. Feeling sorry for Bart, Marge dons the Shadow Knight armour and begins a revenge campaign for him starting with Moe's character. Marge juggles Moe's character head like a soccer ball. As he is being beat up Moe comments on why he pays $14.95 a month to play the game.
Characterisations.
An impressive selection of non-Simpson family Springfield residents appear in this episode. The non-Simpson family members who appear in the online game all retain their inherent personas and are remarkably true to character within the confines of the game. This includes characters who have unintentionally become part of the game. The writers of the episode have reinforced the way characters have been designed, but also allowed the characters to define themselves as in-game personas. As mentioned previously the characters remain true to form, with certain aspects of their personas brought to the fore in various symbolic and comical presentations.
Of the Simpson family, Maggie retains her vocally silent aspect. She preserves her highly intelligent aspect by refereeing a family soccer game. Her intelligence in a former episode was challenged in that Lisa appeared to be guiding Maggie's thought process, but this episode shows Maggie independently making advanced decisions. Although, it is not completely distinct that Lisa may or may not have assisted her thought process, it seems that Maggie acts independently.
Matriarchal aspects of Marge's character are certainly strong throughout the episode. Her obsession with the online game is reminiscent of Marge's previous gambling problems and lends to her having compulsive behavioural issues. Her roles as mother, online game character and the affect of her obsessive behaviour effectively portray Marge as more than just a housewife.
Homer is well known to have a selfish aspect to his character. This quality is often softened by his more endearing qualities such as his love for his family. Therefore Homer's learning how to correctly referee a soccer game hints that his decision may be more narcissistic than altruistic. Even if so, Homer faces internal struggles of right over wrong as his role as soccer referee and often makes the 'right' choice, perhaps more from him being self conscious of his role rather than a commitment to ethics.
Lisa's character retains much of her standard mannerisms, though this episode brings out some of her personality flaws. Setting such a high standard for herself is common to her and her flaws are often hidden. Through the course of this episode, and with her father's help, Lisa re-assesses her own personality and comes through personal issues with the end result being that she becomes exactly what she was in the first place.
Bart faces challenges in retaining his real world bad-guy persona by having his mother interfere with his even-more-bad-guy video game character. Through the course of the episode Bart's goes through a variety of emotions including anger, fear, guilt, arrogance, joy, and sadness. When Bart is confronted with a major crisis (at least from a 10 year old boy's perspective) of losing a much loved video game character that would have taken quite a lengthy time to achieve he displays a remarkably peaceful outlook. Rather than giving in to negative emotions he chooses to walk away from the issue and engage in physical activity (as opposed to virtual activity which requires little physical exertion). Whilst Marge herself begins a revenge campaign for Bart, an underlying thought remains that Bart once achieved greatness with his online character and so it is possible that he retains an inner-confidence that he again could retain what is lost if he so wished.
Reception.
Adam Finley of TV Squad felt "the Homer/Lisa story might have worked better as the main plot, but even that segment of the episode was hindered by a terrible guest voice in soccer player Ronaldo". He went on to say: "I hate it when non-actors do guest voices on "The Simpsons"" and that "bad voice acting becomes much more of a distraction". In 2007, Simon Crerar of "The Times" listed Ronaldo's performance as one of the thirty-three funniest cameos in the history of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="9867745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867745" title="A3055 road">
A3055 road

The A3055 is an A-Class Road on the Isle of Wight in Southern England. It forms the Southern portion of the "circular" around-the-Island A-class loop, the northern section being the A3054. The stretch along the south-west coast of the Island is formed by the Military Road.
Because of the road's relatively short length, there are no confirmatory signs with distances, although on a few direction signs at junctions you may find the distance to the next major place. The final destination of the road (Freshwater/Totland or Ryde), in common with most UK roads, is not signed along the whole length of the route. As well as fitting with national practice, this is also because anybody wishing to travel from Totland to Ryde by road would do so via the North coast A3054, as it is much more direct.
Military Road.
The Military Road is the section of the A3055 regional coast road on the Isle of Wight which starts at Chale in the East and ends at Freshwater Bay in the West. The road has had to be in part relocated and repaired due to coastal erosion at various times since it was built in the late nineteenth century, and this continues today.
The original Military Road was constructed as part of a defence network in about 1860 and remained as a private gated road for about 70 years. It served as a link between forts and barracks and fluctuated between private and military use with private rights vested in the Seely family. In 1930 or thereabouts, the landowner Sir Charles Seely donated what was then a narrow track to the Isle of Wight Council for public use. The original track was vulnerable to erosion and a new road was constructed further inland. Some vestiges of the original track are still visible along the coast from Shippards Chine to the north west of the slumped area. The construction of the new road took place in the early 1930 with the formal opening of the last section in March 1936.
The road from Chale to Niton was built as a diversionary inland route following the collapse of the previous coastal road between Niton and Blackgang in 1928. It is of similar construction and mostly from the same time period to the stretch to the west of Chale which was re-built and upgraded at this time. This length of road is not usually understood to be covered by the term 'Military Road' and its name on street maps and signs is different.
The section from Brook to Freshwater Bay is a clearway, so stopping on this section is only permitted at the five car parking areas, of which one is free, and the rest are operated with a charge to those who are not members of the National Trust. Along the rest of the route, there is no such restriction, but most motorists choose only to stop in designated car parks.
In Summer 2009 the Isle of Wight Council was warned that cliff slippage was endangering the road, and as of January 2010, portions of the cliff were only from the road. The harsh weather over winter 2009-10 caused a large number of landslides. By February 2010, another land slip on the section between Brook and Hanover car park, brought the top of the cliff to about 5 metres from the edge of the road. The coastal path was lost, and the council erected traffic barriers at one side of the road to alert drivers.
A further landslide, on the same section, on 23 February 2010, brought the top of the cliff to virtually the edge of the road. The road was reduced to single file, with traffic light control. Since then various meetings of the Isle of Wight Council have included discussion of the road's future. One view has been that the road is unrepairable, and should be closed, while parking and turning areas should be created at both ends. More recently the possibility has been discussed of diverting the road and rebuilding as part of the county's refurbishment of all its roads under a Private finance initiative.
Undercliff Drive.
Undercliff Drive is the segment of the A3055 that runs the length of the Isle of Wight Undercliff between Niton and Ventnor.
Leeson Road.
Leeson Road, named after the 19th century Bonchurch resident Henry Beaumont Leeson, is the segment of the A3055 that runs from Ventnor, at the foot of St Boniface Down, along the clifftop above Bonchurch, the Bonchurch Landslips and the Devil's Chimney.

</doc>
<doc id="9867746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867746" title="Pine Bush High School">
Pine Bush High School

Pine Bush High School is the central high school for the Pine Bush Central School District, located on Route 302 in the hamlet of Pine Bush, New York, United States. Drawing over 2,000 students from northwestern Orange County and the adjacent portions of Sullivan and Ulster counties.
The school no longer offers the International Baccalaureate degree program. It had been authorized to do so since 2002.
Controversies.
In October 2004 the school made national news when junior Joshua Phelps was suspended for 21 days for possessing a firearm on campus. The weapon in question was a musket, which Phelps had forgotten to remove from his car after participating in a Civil War re-enactment. Town of Crawford police charged him with a misdemeanor after confiscating the gun, a bayonet and ammunition from the vehicle. He received many letters of support locally and nationally, particularly from members of the National Rifle Association, but the school district refused to lessen his punishment, citing zero tolerance policies it and many other schools adopted in the wake of the Columbine massacre several years earlier. The criminal charge was later dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="9867759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867759" title="HMS Vindex (D15)">
HMS Vindex (D15)

HMS "Vindex" (D15) was a of the Royal Navy that saw service during the Second World War. She was built at Swan Hunter shipyards in Newcastle upon Tyne. When construction started in 1942 she was intended as a merchant ship, but was completed and launched as an escort carrier, entering service at the end of 1943.
"Vindex" operated escorting convoys and doing anti-submarine work in the Atlantic and Arctic theatres. Her Swordfish aircraft were involved in the sinking of four U-boats during her service. She survived the war, and immediately afterwards served in the Far East transporting men and material to and from Japan. In 1947, she was decommissioned and sold for commercial use, to Port Line and renamed "Port Vindex". In 1971, she was scrapped in Taiwan.
Design and description.
The s were a class of three escort carriers built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Escort carriers were designed to protect convoys of merchant ships from U-boat and aircraft attack. Following the successful conversion and operation of HMS Activity, the Admiralty decided to take over three more
merchant ships while they were still under construction and convert them into escort carriers. The three ships chosen were being built at three different shipyards Harland and Wolff in Northern Ireland, Swan Hunter in England and John Brown & Company in Scotland. The prototype was built by John Brown who supplied the other two companies with copies of the plans. The three ships were supposed to be identical but in reality they were all slightly different.
HMS "Vindex" was launched on 4 May 1943 and completed on 3 December 1943. She had a complement of 700 men and displaced . Her other dimensions were a length of , a beam of and a draught of . Her aircraft and her aircraft facilities included a flight deck, a hangar, six arrestor wires, and a aircraft lift.
She had a traditional rivetted hull, steel flight decks and a closed hangar. Propulsion provided by diesel engines connected to two shafts giving , which could propel the ship at . Her armaments concentrated on anti-aircraft (AA) defence and comprised two QF 4 inch Mk V naval gun dual purpose guns on a twin mount, sixteen Oerlikon 20 mm cannon autocannons on eight twin mounts and sixteen 2-pounder "Pom Pom" guns on four quadruple mounts. Aircraft assigned were either anti-submarine or fighter aircraft, which could be made up of a mixture of Hawker Sea Hurricanes, Grumman Wildcats or Fairey Swordfish.
Service history.
"Vindex" was commissioned in December 1943, and moved to Gourock for working up. By this stage of the war, the Royal Navy had enough escort carriers available not only to double them up on a convoy escort but to permanently detach one to work with a "hunter killer group" operating outside the convoy system. The 2nd Escort Group still under the command of Captain Frederic John Walker was the group chosen with "Vindex" as the carrier. As she would not be supported by another carrier "Vindex"s air group was formed from the experienced 825 Naval Air Squadron, with a complement of 12 Fairey Swordfish Mk IIs and six Sea Hurricanes IICs. Even though there were 12 Swordfish on board they had only eight crews so the Sea Hurricanes carried out some of the daylight anti-submarine patrols. The Sea Hurricanes had been fitted with four racks for the same RP-3 rockets used by the Swordfish to attack submarines.
Leaving Lough Foyle in Northern Ireland on 9 March 1944, the 2nd Escort Group moved to the area believed to hold the highest concentration of U-boats. On the night of 12 March, Swordfish on patrol had 28 contacts on their air to surface vessel radar (ASV). Their first attack was unsuccessful dropping two depth charges that failed to explode believed to be caused by faulty safety clips, during the attack the rear gunner in the Swordfish was killed by the U-boats anti-aircraft guns. The depth charges dropped short on a second attack and failed to explode on a third attack during the same night. On the night of 15 March two Swordfish got an ASV contact ahead of the escort group. Unable to see anything in the darkness they dropped flares and sea markers over the location. When the escort group arrived they picked up a contact on their ASDIC and the was sunk. Weather conditions were still not perfect for flying and in the following days, one Swordfish returning from a night patrol landed in the sea alongside the carrier, the crew were reported missing believed killed. A pitching deck caused one Swordfish to crash into the sea on take-off and engine failure caused the crash of another Swordfish. One Swordfish clipped the island superstructure losing off both wing tips when taking off. The pilot managed to get the aircraft into the air circled around jettisoning his depth charges and landed again without mishap. Landing on the heaving deck was just as dangerous, two Sea Hurricanes and two Swordfish missed the arrestor wires and ended up crashing into the safety barriers.
On 24 March, with its engine shot up and crew injured a Swordfish attempted to land back on "Vindex". It crash landed onto the flight deck coming to a stop from the end of the flight deck. Leaking petrol set the wreckage on fire, the crew were rescued but the fire exploded one of two depth charges stuck on their racks, blowing a hole in the flight deck. After 16 days at sea, "Vindex" returned to port. With two days flying lost because of the weather conditions, the Swordfish had amassed a creditable 275 flying hours and 122 deck landings by day and night. The Sea Hurricanes contributed another 47 hours flying and 39 deck landings.
At the end of April 1944, "Vindex" joined the 5th Escort Group. On 6 May, a patrolling Swordfish was contacted by two of the escort frigates reporting they were in contact with a submerged U-boat. The frigates carried out a depth charge attack and forced to the surface. Despite anti-aircraft fire from the U-boat, the Swordfish dropped two of its depth charges which broke the submarine in half. Flying became dangerous in the heavy seas and poor visibility. One Sea Hurricane was damaged beyond repair after a serious crash into the safety barrier and another crashed into the sea with the loss of the pilot. The Swordfish crews fared little better three aircraft and one crew were lost during the same period. On 9 May, "Vindex"s aircraft lift broke down with a burnt out motor, the crew had to resort to manually cranking the lift up of down taking an hour to go each way. They eventually repaired the lift by moving the capstan motor through holes burned into the bulkheads. During the second deployment by "Vindex" her aircraft had flown over 400 sorties in 13 days, but the strain on the aircrews began to show and only 35 per cent of the original Swordfish crews were still with the ship when they returned to port. It was during this second deployment that one of the ships officers, Sub-Lieutenant J.M. Morrison invented a blind landing system soon to be used on all the Royal Navy carriers. He modified an ASV radar set which was placed on the flight deck. The system employed the Air Directing Officer guiding aircraft to within of the ship. They could then be picked up on the ASV and brought in astern of the carrier at a height of .
On 15 August, "Vindex" and joined convoy JW 59 the first Arctic convoy to Russia of the year. "Vindex" still had 825 Naval Air Squadron on board but they were now equipped with the Swordfish Mk III. This version of the biplane had a Rocket-assisted take off system (RATOG) and a new ASV radar in a dome on the underside of the aircraft. The extra weight reduced the crew to two, doing away with the Telegraphist-Air-Gunner. There was a full complement of 12 Swordfish and eight Sea Hurricanes (two unassembled spares) on board. The larger "Striker" had 12 Swordfish and 12 Grumman Wildcats. The Swordfish claimed their first success on 22 August, sinking , followed by on 24 August. Her rocket armed Sea Hurricanes also claimed a U-boat damaged. Neither convoy JW 59 or the returning RA 59A lost any ships.
Russian convoy JW 61 which sailed on 20 October had for the first time three escort carriers, "Vindex", and . This was a large convoy of 62 merchant ships with a large escort group. Vice-Admiral Frederick Dalrymple-Hamilton was in command, with "Vindex" as his flagship. "Nairana" had 835 Naval Air Squadron with 14 Swordfish IIIs and six Wildcat VIs on board for what would be their first Arctic convoy. "Vindex" had a re-formed 811 Naval Air Squadron with the same aircraft types and numbers. The third carrier—"Tracker"—had 10 Grumman Avengers and six Wildcats. The short Arctic days meant that most flying would be at night. The three carriers worked a system eight hour watches, one would be the duty carrier with its aircraft aloft, the second would be on standby with its aircraft arranged on deck ready to scramble and the third resting. The two Swordfish equipped squadrons because of their better night flying equipment shared the night time hours while "Tracker"s Avengers worked the daylight hours. The strength of the convoys escort may have deterred the Germans and no U-boats or reconnaissance aircraft were detected, until the convoy approached the Kola Inlet, even then the heavy escort prevented any attack and the convoy reached port safely.
The return convoy RA 61 was equally as successful with only one frigate damaged by a torpedo just after leaving Kola and "Vindex" had to take avoiding action after detecting a torpedo coming towards her. "Vindex"s inexperienced squadron lost a Wildcat pilot when his plane crashed into the sea attempting to land back on board. A Swordfish crashed into the sea following a rocket assisted take off with the loss of the two man crew. Another Swordfish crashed on landing with the aircraft initially hung over the ships side from its tail hook. When the hook gave way it crashed into the sea and only the pilot was rescued. The squadron in total lost or so severely damaged eight Swordfish and two Wildcats that they could not fly again.
With the war over there was no further need for escort carriers. "Vindex" was sent out to the Far East as the flagship for Rear Admiral Cunningham Graham. She was used to repatriate prisoners of war from Hong Kong back to Australia and Britain. On her return to Britain, she was placed in reserve and bought by her original owners the Port Line company. They renamed her "Port Vindex" keeping part of her name to honour her wartime service and converted into a refrigerated cargo ship on the United Kingdom to Australia route. At the end of her merchant career, she was scrapped in August 1971 at Kaohsiung in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="9867774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867774" title="Pat Donovan (American football)">
Pat Donovan (American football)

Patrick Emery Donovan (born July 1, 1953) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League was spent with the Dallas Cowboys (1975-1983). In 1975 Donovan was one of the "Dirty Dozen" of rookies who helped the Cowboys to Super Bowl X. Donovan became a starter at left tackle in 1978. He was a four-time Pro Bowler, attending the game in 1979 through 1982. "Sports Illustrated" named him the 4th greatest Montana athlete of the 20th century.
Early years.
Donovan is considered to be one of the greatest athletes in the history of the state of Montana. While attending Class A Helena Central High School as a freshman and sophomore, he lettered in football, basketball and track and field, winning the state shot put title as a sophomore.
After Helena Central closed, Donovan attended Class AA Helena High School, continuing to excel in track and field at the Class AA level, winning the shot put and discus competitions at the state meet in both his junior and senior seasons. He also was fast enough to anchor the school's 880-yard relay team to a state championship as a senior. He graduated as the holder of three school records in the shot put, discus and Javelin competitions.
Donovan also led Helena to the state championship basketball final as a junior and senior, losing to Kalispell in 1970 and winning against Billings West in 1971. He was named all tournament both years.
He went on to earn All-State honors on both offense and defense in football, was an All-State basketball player and won six first place medals at state track meets. In 1994 he was inducted into the Montana High School Association Hall of Fame and the National High School Sports Hall of Fame.
College career.
Donovan received a football scholarship to play at Stanford University. He was named the right defensive end starter during his sophomore campaign and by the time he was a junior, he posted 109 tackles to lead his team and being named first-team All-American.
As a senior, he received Consensus All-American honors. He was inducted into the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame and was also named to the Stanford's All-Century football team.
Professional career.
Donovan was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the fourth round of the 1975 NFL Draft as a defensive end. He was one of 12 rookies who made the team that year - hence the "Dirty Dozen" nickname for the Cowboys 1975 draft, that helped the team reach Super Bowl X.
In 1975, the Cowboys needed help at offensive tackle and like defensive tackle Blaine Nye a few years before him, he was switched to the offensive line three days into training camp. As a rookie he gained more weight and saw action at both left and right tackle.
After being a reserve during his first two seasons, he took over the right tackle job in 1977 when Rayfield Wright went down with an injury, helping the team win Super Bowl XII.
In 1978, he moved to the left side after Ralph Neely retired and Rayfield Wright returned from injury. Donovan became one of the top offensive tackles in the NFL during the late 1970s and early 1980s and together with Herb Scott formed one of the best left-side tandems in the league.
During his time with the Cowboys, center John Fitzgerald nicknamed the Cowboys offensive line as the "Four Irishmen and a Scott", when it was formed by Donovan, Fitzgerald, Jim Cooper, Tom Rafferty and Herb Scott. That group helped paved the way for Tony Dorsett's Hall of Fame rushing career.
Donovan was a catalyst on the Cowboys offensive line and a four-time Pro Bowl offensive lineman from 1979 to 1982. He remains one of just four offensive tackles in club history to make at least four Pro Bowls, joining Rayfield Wright (six), Flozell Adams (five) and Erik Williams (four).
He didn't suffer any major injuries during his entire career, but at the end of the 1983 season, because of the accumulation of wear and tear, he ended up needing surgery to repair both shoulders and decided to retire. Donovan never missed a game in 9 seasons, played in 20 playoff contests, including six NFC Championships and three Super Bowls, earning a title ring in Super Bowl XII against the Denver Broncos.
He is considered to be one of the greatest offensive tackles in Cowboys franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="9867784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867784" title="Earl Cochran">
Earl Cochran

Earl Cochran, Jr (born April 19, 1981 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an American football defensive end who was a free agent . He was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2003. He played college football at Alabama State.
Cochran has also been a member of the Amsterdam Admirals, Minnesota Vikings, Houston Texans, and California Redwoods.
College career.
During his senior season for the Hornets, Cochran amassed 9.5 sacks, which earned him All-SWAC honors.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
Despite being undrafted, Cochran signed with the Green Bay Packers in 2003. During the 2003 preseason Earl suffered season-ending shoulder surgery and was placed on Injured Reserve, which eventually led to his release from the Packers prior to the 2004 season.
Minnesota Vikings.
Cochran spent training camp with the Minnesota Vikings in 2005 but was released prior to the regular season. In week 7 of the 2005 season Earl was brought back as a member of the Vikings practice squad.
Houston Texans.
In June 2006 Cochran signed a contract with the Houston Texans, but was release following the final preseason game. Later in week 11 of the 2006 season Cochran was resigned as a member of the Texans practice squad. In week 16 Cochran saw his first NFL action as a member of the Houston Texans, when he entered into the Texans' 2006 season finale versus the Cleveland Browns and recorded two tackles and two quarterback pressures.
Amsterdam Admirals (NFL Europe).
In the spring of 2006, Cochran was the starting left defensive end for the NFL Europe Amsterdam Admirals. He started 9 of 10 games and recorded 42 tackles, 9 assists and 5.0 sacks. His 51 total tackles and 5 sacks led the Admirals defense. He led the club to World Bowl XIV eventually losing to the Frankfurt Galaxy, 22–7.

</doc>
<doc id="9867787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867787" title="Glen Oaks Park Elementary">
Glen Oaks Park Elementary

Glen Oaks Park Elementary School is located at 5656 Lanier Drive in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Under the leadership of Mrs. Cynthia Lange, Glen Oaks Park Elementary school is one of the "schools of choice" in East Baton Rouge Parish. Glen Oaks Park Elementary School is Title I eligible, and services education to Pre-Kindergarten to 5th Grade. 
2005 SchoolDigger.com ranks Glen Oaks Park Elementary School at a tied 391st out of 599 Louisiana elementary schools. Glen Oaks Park Elementary School also has a Gifted and Talented program.
Mailing Address:
Glen Oaks Park Elementary School
5656 Lanier Drive
Baton Rouge, LA
70812 
Phone Number:
(225) 356-4521

</doc>
<doc id="9867789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867789" title="Fritz G. Lanham">
Fritz G. Lanham

Frederick Garland "Fritz" Lanham (January 3, 1880 – July 31, 1965) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Texas. A Democrat, Lanham was the son of Samuel Willis Tucker Lanham, a governor of Texas and himself a member of Congress. After graduating from the University of Texas at Austin with a B.A. in 1900, he was admitted to the bar in 1909. He was elected to Congress in 1919 and served until 1947. Representative Lanham was a proponent of strong trademark protection; the Lanham Act is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="9867805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867805" title="United States Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads">
United States Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads

The Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads is a defunct committee of the United States Senate. It was first established as a select committee in 1889 and became a standing committee on March 15, 1893. The committee is not to be confused with the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, which existed from 1861-1873.
The committee was appointed following an investigation into the finances of the Union Pacific Railroad, which was heavily indebted to the United States Government. The committee was terminated on April 18, 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="9867806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867806" title="Stephen R. Anderson">
Stephen R. Anderson

Stephen Robert Anderson (born 1943) is an American linguist. He is the Dorothy R. Diebold Professor of Linguistics at Yale University and was the 2007 president of the Linguistic Society of America.
He received a B.S. in linguistics from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1966 and a Ph.D. in linguistics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969. Anderson taught at Harvard University from 1969 until 1975. He joined the faculty of the University of California, Los Angeles in 1975. In 1988, he became a professor of cognitive science at Johns Hopkins University. Since 1994, he has been at Yale University. Anderson was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1993, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1999, and the Linguistic Society of America in 2008. He is Vice President of CIPL, the Permanent International Committee of Linguists.

</doc>
<doc id="9867824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867824" title="Canjuers">
Canjuers

Canjuers is a calcareous plateau and a military camp in Provence in southeastern France.
Geography.
Situated in the "département" of the Var in the Prealps of Castellane, on the south of the Verdon Gorge and to the north of Draguignan.
With a median altitude of 800 m, the Plan of Canjuers is a desertic and arid plateau.
History.
Its name comes from Campus Julii: the "Julius Camp". Julius Caesar installed a campment in the area before the conquest of Gaul.
The region surrounding the plateau has been occupied by the Army since 1970. The Canjuers Camp is the largest military camp in Europe, covering 350 km². Many farms and hamlets have been evacuated and abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9867844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867844" title="Dolphin (file manager)">
Dolphin (file manager)

Dolphin is a free and open source file manager included in the KDE Software Compilation. It is the default file manager in the current version, KDE Software Compilation 4, and can be optionally installed on K Desktop Environment 3. Although replaced as the default file manager for KDE SC 4, Konqueror is still the default web browser, and can be used as an alternative file manager for power users.
Under previous K Desktop Environment versions, Konqueror had served both as the default file manager and web browser. However, for many years users have been critical of Konqueror as being too complex for simple file navigation. As a response, the two functions were divided into two separate applications. Under KDE SC 4, Dolphin was streamlined for browsing files, while sharing as much code as possible with Konqueror. Konqueror continues to be developed primarily as a web browser.
Dolphin and K Desktop Environment 3.
As development of the KDE SC 4 version was underway, the K Desktop Environment 3 version of Dolphin was discontinued. However, the program continues to be unofficially available for K Desktop Environment 3 under the slightly modified name of “D3lphin”. D3lphin contains many bugfixes and a new sidebar, but is no longer maintained.

</doc>
<doc id="9867847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867847" title="Fujiwara no Tameie">
Fujiwara no Tameie

Tameie was the second son of poets Teika and Abutsuni; and he was the central figure in a circle of Japanese poets after the Jōkyū War in 1221. His three sons were Nijō Tameuji, Kyōgoku Tamenori and Reizei Tamesuke. They each established rival families of poets—the Nijō, the Koyōgoku and the Reizei. 
Starting in 1250, Tameie was among those who held the "ritsuryō" office of . In 1256, he abandoned public life to become a Buddhist monk, taking the name Minbukyō-nyūdō.
Selected work.
Tameie's published writings encompass 23 works in 28 publications in 1 language and 124 library holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="9867855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867855" title="Ryan McDonald (actor)">
Ryan McDonald (actor)

Ryan James McDonald (5 August 1984) is a Canadian actor from New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada. He is sometimes mistakenly credited as Ryan MacDonald.

</doc>
<doc id="9867874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867874" title="Tommy Neri">
Tommy Neri

Thomas 'Tommy' Neri is a fictional character in the novels "The Godfather, The Godfather Returns", and "The Godfather's Revenge".
In the novels.
The original novel explains Tommy Neri's backstory. He was born to Rita Neri and an unnamed father in an apartment in the Bronx. He grew up in the same neighborhood as Peter Clemenza. He was also frequently beat by his uncle, Al Neri, for his disrespect toward his mother. He never accepted that his uncle was a cop, and became a criminal just to spite him. He also wanted his 'button' but was told to wait until the right time.
In 1955, he became a 'made man' in the Corleone family under Michael Corleone at a hotel/casino ballroom owned by the family, with others. He was placed in the regime of Rocco Lampone and served him faithfully. The later novels explain he also becomes a heroin addict around this time. He is placed in Ritchie Nobilio's "regime" after Rocco Lampone is killed in 1959.
In "The Godfather Returns", he is placed in charge of finding Nick Geraci. He makes no significant progress with finding Geraci, although he does look in Cleveland and gets tips from the C.I.A. He and his uncle Al torture and kill Nick Geraci's father.

</doc>
<doc id="9867876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867876" title="Primetime Emmy Award for Actor of the Year">
Primetime Emmy Award for Actor of the Year

This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Awards Actor of the Year. This now retired category was introduced in 1974, and subsequently absorbed into the Best Actor, Supporting Actor, and Guest Actor categories.

</doc>
<doc id="9867885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867885" title="Brașov Airport">
Brașov Airport

Brașov-Ghimbav International Airport is an airport currently under construction in Ghimbav, near Brașov, Romania right by the future A3 motorway. The airport is designed to handle medium-sized aircraft with a capacity of one million people per year.
The project.
Planned costs of the project are estimated at €87 million. The terminal will be built modularly, allowing future construction.
The project is widely supported by the local population and some businesses in the area have announced plans to switch to air freight services. It is predicted that the airport will create 4,000 jobs and will reach 1 million passengers in 8 years, with a further 6,000 jobs being generated indirectly.
History.
In 2006, the Romanian State Domain Agency transferred 110 hectares of land to Brașov County. Intelcan Canada was to develop and build the airport in coordination with Brașov, Harghita, and Covasna counties as well as Ghimbav city. The airport's charter was officially signed on 14 November 2005. Intelcan inaugurated the construction of the airport on 15 April 2008. The initial target for completion was twenty-four to thirty months. However, due to legal matters and a lack of funds, the construction works had stopped and Intelcan left the project, being replaced by the local authorities.
The Brașov County authorities finalized an agreement with a local construction company, Vectra Service, for building the runway. The contract was signed on 18 November 2012, and is worth €12.7 million (VAT excluded). Eventually, construction of the airport restarted in April 2013 with the works at the runway. The runway should be completed by 2014.
Negotiations are still ongoing for the construction of the main terminal building.

</doc>
<doc id="9867900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867900" title="False vivipary">
False vivipary

False vivipary is an abnormal condition found in many types of plants in which a plantlet is produced where the flower should appear. It is not a completely understood topic, but some say it could be caused by a hormonal mistake. The plantlet which appears can be rooted and grown like normal plants. This abnormal behavior can occasionally be seen in many types of carnivorous plants.

</doc>
<doc id="9867958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867958" title="Bill Renick">
Bill Renick

Bill Renick (born 1954) is a former mayor of Ashland, Mississippi, and campaigned for Governor of Mississippi as a Democrat before withdrawing on April 23, 2007. At the age of 18, he became one of the youngest elected officials in the history of Mississippi when he was elected an alderman for the city of Ashland. At the age of 27, Renick became one of Mississippi's youngest mayors. He was later elected a Benton County Supervisor, where he helped to start the Benton County Medical Center.
During the late 1980s, Renick served as a member of the Mississippi State Senate representing Marshall, Benton and Tippah Counties in north Mississippi. When his Senate colleague, Eddie Briggs (R) was elected Lt. Governor of Mississippi, Renick became his chief of staff. In 2002, another former State Senate colleague, Governor Ronnie Musgrove (D), hired Renick as Chief of Staff to the Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="9867960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9867960" title="Tadeusz Nalepa">
Tadeusz Nalepa

Tadeusz Nalepa (26 August 1943 in Zgłobień, Poland – 4 March 2007, Warsaw) – was a Polish composer, guitar player, vocalist, and lyricist.
Career.
Nalepa graduated from the Music Academy in Rzeszów in the departments of violin, clarinet and contrabass. He received recognition in the category of duets at the 2nd annual "Festival of Young Talents" in Szczecin in 1963 along with Mira Kubasinska. They were married and had a son, named Piotr.
In 1965, Nalepa formed with Stan Borys band Blackout and started composing music to the lyrics of a poet, Bogdan Loebl. The Blackout's first concert was on September 3, 1965 in a club Łącznościowiec in Rzeszów. Tadeusz Nalepa recorded a self-titled album with Blackout along with six smaller recordings. The group disbanded in 1967.
In 1968, Nalepa formed a group called Breakout which existed for 13 years before disbanding in 1981. Breakout had released 10 albums. In 1982, he debuted as a solo artist in the Gwardia Hall in Warsaw in concert "Rock-Blok". The same year he recorded an album for Izabela Trojanowska as well as formed his own band which consisted of (besides Nalepa): Ryszard Olesinski (guitar), Andrzej Nowak (guitar), Bogdan Kowalewski (bass) and Marek Surzyn (drums).
On the May 25, 1985, Nalepa re-formed Breakout because of the band's 20th anniversary.
In 1986, magazine Jazz Forum named him the best musician, composer and guitar player. Along with the other winners, he took part in the concert series "Blues/Rock Top '86" and at the same time, he also started co-operating with another polish rock/blues band Dżem, (literally Jam). The two released a successful album Numero Uno.
After series of concerts abroad, Nalepa released a dual album, To mój blues (My Blues), which consisted recordings between 1982 and 1988.
In 1993, he performed with Nalepa-Breakout and the group released an album Jesteś w piekle (You are in Hell) and in the same year he was awarded the Maria Jurkowska Award by the III Program of the Polish Radio.
The following albums, as Tadeusz Nalepa, were released with different band members. His last release was a DVD 60 urodziny (60th birthday) (the only one in his catalogue), released in 2006 which contained a show from 22 November 2003. It was reissued later on as a DVD+Cd.
In 2003, Nalepa was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Polonia Restituta.
Nalepa became very ill in the recent years and he had to be dialised because of the kidney problem. He died on 4 March 2007 due to serious illness of his digestive system.
Discography.
With Breakout 
As Tadeusz Nalepa

</doc>
<doc id="9868014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868014" title="True...">
True...

"True..." is the first single by Riyu Kosaka. It was released on October 17, 2001. It features her solo track "True...", which debuted on Konami's DDRMAX Dance Dance Revolution 6thMix. It also features a cover of BeForU's Dive, entitled Dive to the Night.
References.
2. http://www.amazon.co.jp/true-%E5%B0%8F%E5%9D%82%E3%82%8A%E3%82%86/dp/B00005O5U1/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=gateway&qid=1202305523&sr=8-1

</doc>
<doc id="9868064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868064" title="Museum of Cham Sculpture">
Museum of Cham Sculpture

The Museum of Cham Sculpture is a museum located in Hải Châu District, Đà Nẵng, central Vietnam, near the Han River.
The establishment of a Cham sculpture museum in Da Nang was first proposed in 1902 by the Department of Archaeology of EFEO. Henri Parmentier, a prominent archaeologist of the department, made great contributions to the campaign for its construction. Reportedly founded in 1915 as the "Musée Henri Parmentier", its first building opened in 1919 and was designed by two French architects, M. Deleval and M. Auclair, who were inspired by Parmentier to use some traditional Cham elements in the composition. Prior to the establishment of the museum, the site was known as the "garden of sculptures" and many Cham sculptures that had been collected in Da Nang, Quảng Nam and elsewhere had been brought there over the preceding twenty years.
The museum has been expanded twice. The first expansion was in the mid-1930s, with two new galleries providing display space for the objects added in the 1920s and 1930s. Henri Parmentier directed the display based on the areas where sculptures were found. The 1000 meter square of floor space was arranged for the collections of Mỹ Sơn, Trà Kiệu, Đồng Dương, Tháp Mẫm, Quang Tri, Quảng Ngãi, Bình Định and Kon Tum. In 2002, the Museum was again expanded with the two-story building providing an additional 1000 square meters. The new building provides not only space for display, but also for storage, a library, a restoration workshop and offices for staff.
Before 2007, the Museum was managed by Da Nang Museums, an administrative organ in charge of the city's museums and heritage. In 2008 it became affiliated with the city Department of Culture, Sport and Tourism.
The museum houses the world's largest collection of Cham sculpture and is a popular tourist destination.

</doc>
<doc id="9868065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868065" title="Low-molecular-weight kininogen">
Low-molecular-weight kininogen

Low-molecular-weight kininogen is a form of kininogen, which has been identified in mice, guinea pigs, and whales.
It is also found in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="9868083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868083" title="Sam Davis (American football)">
Sam Davis (American football)

Samuel Davis (born July 4, 1944) is a retired American football player, who played for the National Football League's Pittsburgh Steelers from 1969 to 1979.
College.
Davis played football at Allen University.
Steelers.
Davis was an undrafted rookie in 1967. He did not start any game during his first three years of play, but started at the left offensive guard position for the National Football League's Pittsburgh Steelers from 1970 to 1979. In 1970, Chuck Noll's second year as head coach, Davis replaced Larry Gagner and started all 14 games. From 1970 to 1979, he played next to left offensive tackle Jon Kolb and the two went on to win four Super Bowl rings together with the Steelers (Super Bowls IX, X, XIII, and XIV). However, Davis was injured during Pittsburgh's first two Super Bowls and regular reserve Jim Clack actually started in his place in Super Bowls IX and X. In 1980, he was replaced by Ray Pinney.

</doc>
<doc id="9868146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868146" title="Vuelta a Colombia">
Vuelta a Colombia

The Vuelta a Colombia (Spanish for Tour of Colombia) is an annual cycling road race, run over many stages throughout different regions in Colombia and sometimes Venezuela and Ecuador during the first days of August. It is organized by the Colombian Cycling Federation.
The first Vuelta a Colombia was held in 1951. It was a 1,233 kilometers race which was divided in 10 stages which included three rest days. Thirty-five cyclists lined up for the race and of which thirty finished the race. The first champion of the Vuelta was Efraín Forero Triviño who won seven stages of the race. For the second edition, the race was increased in stages to 13 and was around 1,670 km in length. It was held from the 12 to the 27 or 28 January 1952. It appears that 60 cyclists lined up for the race. The 3rd edition of the race was the first edition to have 15 stages that covered 1,750 km. Over the years there has been severe serious accidents and even deaths during the race. Some of these cyclists who have had very serious and career ending accidents include Conrado "Tito" Gallo, Gilberto Achicanoy, Felipe Liñán and Ernesto Santander. In 2005 there was a tragic accident in the Vuelta where Sports journalist of local radio station RCN Alberto Martinez Prader died while transmitting the race. Martinez was traveling in a jeep with José Fernando López and Hector Urrego when, descending from La Linea peak towards Calarcá, the jeep lost control on a curve and fell into a ravine.
It is currently a fifteen stage race that is regarded as one of the toughest races in cycling. The mountain passes that the peloton encounters are hundreds of metres higher than any of the passes used in the Tour de France.
The 2010 edition was won by Sergio Luis Henao of the Indeportes Antioquia-Idea-FLA-Lotería de Medellín Team ahead of teammate Óscar Sevilla and José Rujano, the previous year's winner.

</doc>
<doc id="9868153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868153" title="Green sturgeon">
Green sturgeon

The Green sturgeon ("Acipenser medirostris") is a species of sturgeon native to the Pacific Ocean, from China and Russia, over into Canada and the United States.
Description.
Sturgeons are among the largest and most ancient of cartilaginous fishes. They are placed, along with paddlefishes and numerous fossil groups, in the infraclass Chondrostei, which also contains the ancestors of all other bony fishes. The sturgeons themselves are not ancestral to modern bony fishes but are a highly specialized and successful offshoot of ancestral chondrosteans, retaining such ancestral features as a heterocercal tail, fin structure, jaw structure, and spiracle. They have replaced a bony skeleton with one of cartilage and possess a few large bony plates instead of scales. Sturgeons are highly adapted for preying on bottom animals, which they detect with a row of extremely sensitive barbells on the underside of their snouts. They protrude their extraordinarily long and flexible “lips” to suck up food. Sturgeons are confined to temperate waters of the Northern Hemisphere. Of 25 extant species, only two live in California, the green sturgeon and the white sturgeon ("A. transmontanus"). (Moyle 2002)
Green sturgeon is similar in appearance to white sturgeon, except the barbels are closer to the mouth than the tip of the long, narrow snout. The dorsal row of bony plates numbers 8-11, lateral rows, 23-30, and bottom rows, 7-10; there is one large scute behind the dorsal fin as well as behind the anal fin (both lacking in white sturgeon). The scutes also tend to be sharper and more pointed than in white sturgeon. The dorsal fin has 33-36 rays, the anal fin, 22-28. The body colour of the white sturgeon is yellow with some pink instead of the green of the green sturgeon.
Green sturgeon can reach 7 feet (210 cm) in length and weigh up to 350 pounds (159 kg).
Protected status.
On April 7, 2006, the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) issued a final rule listing the Southern distinct population segment (DPS) of North American green sturgeon ("Acipenser medirostris")(green sturgeon) as a threatened species under the United States Endangered Species Act. Included in the listing is the green sturgeon population spawning in the Sacramento River and living in the Sacramento River, the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, and the San Francisco Bay Estuary. This threatened determination was based on the reduction of potential spawning habitat, the severe threats to the single remaining spawning population, the inability to alleviate these threats with the conservation measures in place, and the decrease in observed numbers of juvenile Southern DPS green sturgeon collected in the past two decades compared to those collected historically (NMFS 2006).
Critical habitat was proposed under the United States Endangered Species Act in September 2008 for the Southern DPS of green sturgeon.
The northern DPS of the green sturgeon (which spawn in the Rogue River, Klamath River, and Umpqua River) is a U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service Species of Concern. Species of Concern are those species about which the U.S. Government’s National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, National Marine Fisheries Service, has some concerns regarding status and threats, but for which insufficient information is available to indicate a need to list the species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Life history and habitat requirements.
Sturgeons have adopted a temporal strategy to controlling risks. Sturgeons live a long time, delay maturation to large sizes, and spawn multiple times over their lifespan. The sturgeon’s long life span and repeat spawning in multiple years allows them to outlast periodic droughts and environmental catastrophes. The high fecundity that comes with large size allows them to produce large numbers of offspring when suitable spawning conditions occur and to make up for years of poor conditions. Adult green sturgeon do not spawn every year and only a fraction of the population enters freshwater where they might be at risk of a catastrophic event in any year. The widespread ocean distribution of green sturgeon ensures that most of the population at any given time is dispersed among areas where they are not vulnerable to catastrophic losses. 
The ecology and life history of green sturgeon have received little study, evidently because of the generally low abundance, limited spawning distribution, and low commercial and sport fishing value of the species (Moyle 2002). Green sturgeon is the most marine species of sturgeon, coming into rivers mainly to spawn (Moyle 2002). Green sturgeons do not spawn every year, and it is believed that the majority of adult green sturgeons are in the ocean at any given time. 
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) reported in 1995 that for the Klamath River, green sturgeon life history could be divided into three phases: 1) freshwater juveniles (<3 years old); 2) coastal migrants (3–13 years old for females and 3–9 years for males); and 3) adults (>13 years old for females and > 9 years old for males).
Northern DPS green sturgeon migrate up the Klamath River between late February and late July (Moyle 2002). The spawning period is March–July, with a peak from mid-April to mid-June (Moyle 2002). Spawning takes place in deep, fast water (Moyle 2002). Preferred spawning substrate is likely large cobble, but it can range from clean sand to bedrock (Moyle 2002). Eggs are broadcast and externally fertilized in relatively fast water and probably in depths greater than 3 m (Moyle 2002). Female green sturgeon produce 59,000-242,000 eggs, about 4.34 millimeters (mm) in diameter (Van Eenennaam et al. 2001 and 2006). 
Temperatures of 23–26°C affected cleavage and gastrulation of green sturgeon embryos and all died before hatch (Van Eenennaam et al. 2005). Temperatures of 17.5–22°C were suboptimal as an increasing number of green sturgeon embryos developed abnormally and hatching success decreased at 20.5–22°C, although the tolerance to these temperatures varied between progenies (Van Eenennaam et al. 2005). The lower temperature limit was not evident from the Van Eenennaam et al. 2005 study, although hatching rate decreased at 11°C and hatched green sturgeon embryos were shorter, compared to 14°C. The mean total length of hatched green sturgeon embryos decreased with increasing temperature, although their wet and dry weight remained relatively constant (Van Eenennaam et al. 2005). Van Eenennaam et al. 2005 concluded that temperatures 17–18°C may be the upper limit of the thermal optima for green sturgeon embryos. Growth studies on younger juvenile green sturgeon determined that cyclical 19-24°C water temperature was optimal (Allen et al. 2006).
Green sturgeon fertilization and hatching rates are 41.2% and 28.0%, compared with 95.4% and 82.1% for the white sturgeon (Deng et al. 2002). However, the survival of green sturgeon larvae is very high (93.3%) (Deng et al. 2002). Female green sturgeon invest a greater amount of their reproductive resources into maternal yolk for nourishment of the embryo, which results in larger larvae (Van Eenennaam et al. 2001). Five day old green sturgeon larvae have almost twice the weight of white sturgeon larvae (65 versus 34 milligrams (mg)) (Van Eenennaam et al. 2001). This greater reserve of maternal yolk and larger larvae could provide an advantage in larval feeding and survival (Van Eenennaam et al. 2001). Compared with other acipenserids, green sturgeon larvae appear more robust and easier to rear (Van Eenennaam et al. 2001). Juveniles continue to grow rapidly, reaching 300 mm in 1 year and over 600 mm within 2–3 years for the Klamath River (USFWS 1995). Juveniles spend from 1–4 years in fresh and estuarine waters and disperse into salt water at lengths of 300–750 mm (USFWS 1995). 
A conceptual model of early behavior and migration of green sturgeon early life intervals based on the Kynard et al. 2005 study follows: Females deposit eggs at sites with large rocks and moderate or eddy water flow that keeps the large, dense, poorly adhesive eggs from drifting, so eggs sink deep within the rocks. CH2M Hill (2002) assumed that hatchling green sturgeon embryos drift downstream like hatchling white sturgeon embryos. This was incorrect. Hatchling green sturgeon embryos seek nearby cover, and remain under rocks, unlike white sturgeon which drift downstream as embryos (i.e. newly hatched green sturgeon do not exhibit pelagic behavior like newly hatched white sturgeon) (Deng et al. 2002). After about 9 days fish develop into larvae and initiate exogenous foraging up- and downstream on the bottom (they do not swim up into the water column, unlike white sturgeon). After a day or so, larvae initiate a downstream dispersion migration that lasts about 12 days (peak, 5 days). At the age of ten days, when exogenous foraging begins, green sturgeons are 19 to 29 mm in length (mean 24 mm) (Deng et al. 2002). At the age of 15 to 21 days, green sturgeon are 30 mm or greater in length (Deng et al. 2002). At the age of 45 days, metamorphosis is complete and green sturgeon are 70 to 80 mm in length (Deng et al. 2002). All migration and foraging during the migration period is nocturnal, unlike white sturgeon. During the first 10 months of life, green sturgeon are the most nocturnal of any North American sturgeon yet studied, and this was the case for all life intervals during any activity (migration, foraging, or wintering). Post-migrant larvae are benthic, foraging up- and downstream diurnally with a nocturnal activity peak. Foraging larvae select open habitat, not structure habitat, but continue to use cover in the day. When larvae develop into juveniles, there is no change in response to bright habitat, and no preference or avoidance of bright habitat. In the fall, juveniles migrate downstream mostly at night to wintering sites, ceasing migration at 7–8°C. During winter, juveniles select low light habitat, likely deep pools with some rock structure. Wintering juveniles forage actively at night between dusk and dawn and are inactive during the day, seeking the darkest available habitat.
For the Klamath River green sturgeon, an average length of 1.0 m is attained in 10 years, 1.5 m by age 15, and 2.0 m by 25 years of age (USFWS 1993). The largest reported green sturgeon weighed about 159 kg and was 2.1 m in length (USFWS 1993). The largest green sturgeon have been aged at 42 years, but this is probably an underestimate, and maximum ages of 60–70 years or more are likely (Moyle 2002). 
Little is known about green sturgeon feeding at sea, but it is clear they behave quite differently than white sturgeon (CDFG 2005a). Green sturgeons are probably found in all open Oregon estuaries, with a lot of movement in and out of estuaries and up and down the coast (ODFW 2005a). Adults feed in estuaries during the summer (ODFW 2005a). Stomachs of green sturgeons caught in Suisun Bay contained "Corophium" sp. (amphipod), "Crago franciscorum" (bay shrimp), "Neomysis awatchensis" (Opossum shrimp) and annelid worms (Ganssle 1966). Stomachs of green sturgeon caught in San Pablo Bay contained "Crago franciscorum" (bay shrimp), "Macoma" sp. (clam), "Photis californica" (amphipod), "Corophium" sp. (amphipod), "Synidotea laticauda" (isopod), and unidentified crab and fish (Ganssle 1966). Stomachs of green sturgeons caught in Delta contained "Corophium" sp. (amphipod), "Neomysis awatchensis" (Opossum shrimp) (Radtke 1966). Radtke 1966 also reported that while the Asiatic clam ("Corbicula fluminea") was abundant throughout the Delta, Suisun Bay and San Pablo Bay, it was not utilized as a food source by green sturgeons.
Conservation.
Threats to the green sturgeon include being taken as bycatch in salmon gillnet and other fisheries, water development projects that affect migration or decrease habitat quality, and other land use stressors that affect habitat quality. Exotic species may negatively affect the southern DPS. Commercial fisheries have been prohibited in the Columbia River and Willapa Bay since 2001. Harvest of green sturgeon in California has been prohibited since March 2007. Beginning in March 2010 and to protect green sturgeon on their spawning grounds, the Sacramento River sturgeon fishery was closed year-round between the Keswick Dam and Hwy 162 bridge (approximately 90 miles).
Current and historical distribution.
Prehistoric fish distributions have been mapped by Gobalet et al. 2004 based on bones at Native American archaeological sites. Data were reported on dozens of sites throughout California and summarized by county. Sturgeon remains were observed in 12 counties, all in the Central Valley. Observations were concentrated at San Francisco Bay and Sacramento-San Joaquin and delta sites (Contra Costa, Alameda, San Francisco, Marin, Napa, San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties). Historical 18th-century accounts report the aboriginal gillnetting and use of tule balsa watercraft for the capture of sturgeon, and fishing weirs were also likely employed on bay tidal flats (Gobalet et al. 2004). Most sturgeons were unidentified species but green sturgeons were specifically identified from Contra Costa and Marin County sites. Sturgeon remains (unidentified species) were also identified from lower Sacramento River counties (Sacramento, Yolo, Colusa, Glenn, and Butte counties). No sturgeon remains were found in samples from the upper Sacramento River although other fish species including salmonids were reported in those areas. 
Green sturgeons which spawn in the Rogue River, Klamath River, and Umpqua River are the Northern DPS green sturgeon, while the green sturgeons which spawn in the Sacramento River system are Southern DPS green sturgeon (NMFS 2005). Both the Northern DPS green sturgeon and Southern DPS green sturgeon occur in large numbers in the Columbia River estuary, Willapa Bay, and Grays Harbor, Washington (NMFS 2005).
A number of presumed spawning populations (Eel River and South Fork Trinity River) have been lost in the past 25–30 years (Moyle 2002). Moyle 1976 reported green sturgeon spawning in the Mad River, but does not mention the Mad River in 2002. Scott and Crossman 1973 reported potential spawning in the Fraser River in Canada, but Moyle 2002 reported that there was no evidence of green sturgeon spawning in Canada or Alaska. Green and white sturgeon occasionally enter the Feather River system, but intensive sampling in recent years found no evidence of spawning and there is no data that spawning occurs now or occurred in the historical time frame (Beamesderfer et al. 2004). No current use by sturgeon of Sacramento River tributaries, other than the Feather River system, has been reported (Beamesderfer et al. 2004, Moyle 2002). No evidence was found to indicate that green sturgeons were historically present, are currently present, or were historically present and have been extirpated from the San Joaquin River upstream from the Delta (Beamesderfer et al. 2004). There is no evidence of green sturgeon spawning in the Columbia River or other rivers in Washington (Moyle 2002, ODFW 2005a and 2005b). In contrast to those studies, samples from green sturgeon collected in the Columbia River suggest the existence of one or more spawning populations in addition to the Sacramento system, Klamath, and Rogue populations, suggesting not all spawning populations have been identified (Israel et al. 2004). 
The green sturgeon is the most widely distributed member of the sturgeon family Acipenseridae, and is also the most marine-oriented of the sturgeon species. Green sturgeon are known to range in nearshore marine waters from Mexico to the Bering Sea, with a general tendency to head North after their out-migration from freshwater (NMFS 2005). They are commonly observed in bays and estuaries along the western coast of North America, with particularly large concentrations entering the Columbia River estuary, Willapa Bay, and Grays Harbor during the late summer (Moyle 2002, NMFS 2005). While there is some bias associated with recovery of tagged fish through commercial fishing, the pattern of a northern migration is supported by the large concentration of green sturgeon in the Columbia River estuary, Willapa Bay, and Grays Harbor, which peaks in August (NMFS 2005).
Individual Southern DPS green sturgeon tagged by the California Department of Fish and Game (CDFG) in the San Francisco Estuary have been recaptured off Santa Cruz, California; in Winchester Bay on the southern Oregon coast; at the mouth of the Columbia River; and in Gray’s Harbor, Washington (USFWS 1993 and Moyle 2002). Most tags for Southern DPS green sturgeon tagged in the San Francisco Estuary have been returned from outside that estuary (Moyle 2002). Green sturgeons remain present in all documented historic habitats and ranges in Oregon (ODFW 2005b). 
White and green sturgeon juveniles, subadults, and adults are widely distributed in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta and estuary areas including San Pablo (Beamesderfer et al. 2004). White sturgeon historically ranged into upper portions of the Sacramento system including the Pit River and a substantial number were trapped in and above Lake Shasta when Shasta Dam was closed in 1944 and successfully reproduced until the early 1960s (Beamesderfer et al. 2004). Landlocked white sturgeon populations have been widely observed in the Columbia and Fraser systems but no landlocked green sturgeon populations have ever been documented in any river system (Beamesderfer et al. 2004), indicating that green sturgeon likely did not historically spawn in the upper reaches of rivers prior to the construction of large dams as NMFS 2005 has assumed.
References.
Allen, P. J., M. Nicholl, S. Cole, A. Vlazny, and J.J. Cech, Jr. 2006. Growth of Larval to Juvenile Green Sturgeon in Elevated Temperature Regimes. Transactions of the American Fisheries Society 135:89-96.
Beamesderfer, R., M. Simpson, G. Kopp, J. Inman, A. Fuller and D. Demko. 2004. Historical and Current Information on Green Sturgeon Occurrence in the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers and Tributaries. S.P. Cramer and Associates, Inc. 46 p. 
California Department of Fish and Game. 2005. White Sturgeon Population Estimate. Email from Marty Gingras, Senior Biologist Supervisor, California Department of Fish and Game. 1 p.
CH2M Hill, Inc. 2002. Environmental Impact Statement/Environmental Impact Report for Fish Passage Improvement Project at the Red Bluff Diversion Dam. Prepared by CH2MHill, Inc. for the Tehama-Colusa Canal Authority and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation. 
Deng, X., J.P. Van Eenennaam, and S.I. Doroshov. 2002. Comparison of Early Life Stages and Growth of Green and White Sturgeon. American Fisheries Society Symposium 28:237-248.
Gobalet, K.W., P.D. Schultz, T.A. Wake, and N. Siefkin. 2004. Archaeological perspectives on Native American fisheries of California, with emphasis on steelhead and salmon. Transactions of the American Fisheries Society 133:801-833. 
Ganssle, D. 1966. Fishes and Decapods of San Pablo and Suisun Bays. In: D.W. Kelley (ed.) Ecological Studies of the Sacramento San Joaquin Estuary: Part I; Zooplankton, Zoobenthos, and Fishes of San Pablo and Suisun Bays, Zooplankton and Zoobenthos of the Delta. California Department of Fish and Game. Fish Bulletin 133.
Israel, J.A., J.F. Cordes, M.A. Blumberg and B. May. 2004. Geographic Patterns of Genetic Differentiation among Collections of Green Sturgeon. North American Journal of Fisheries Management 24:922-931.
Kynard, B., E. Parker and T. Parker. 2005. Behavior of early life intervals of Klamath River green sturgeon, "Acipenser medirostris", with a note on body color. Environmental Biology of Fishes 72:85-97.
Moyle, P.B. 2002. Inland Fishes of California. University of California Press, Berkeley, California. 106-113 p.
Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife. 2005a. Wildfish: Chapter 6. http://www.dfr.state.or.us/ODFWhtml/Research&Reports/WildFish/Chapter6.html. 
Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife. 2005b. Oregon Native Fish Status Report. Salem, Oregon. 491 p.
National Marine Fisheries Service. 2005. Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants: Proposed Threatened Status for Southern Distinct Population Segment of North American Green Sturgeon. April 6, 2005. Federal Register 70(65):17386-17401.
National Marine Fisheries Service. 2006. Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants: Threatened Status for Southern Distinct Population Segment of North American Green Sturgeon. April 7, 2006. Federal Register 71(67):17757-17766.
Radtke, L.D. 1966. Distribution of Smelt, Juvenile Sturgeon, and Starry Flounder in the Sacramento San Joaquin Delta with observations on Food of Sturgeon. In: D.W. Kelley (ed.) Ecological Studies of the Sacramento San Joaquin Estuary: Part II; Fishes of the Delta. California Department of Fish and Game. Fish Bulletin 133.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 1993. Framework: For the Management and Conservation of Paddlefish and Sturgeon Species in the United States. Division of Fish Hatcheries, Washington DC. 40 p.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 1995. Age and Growth of Klamath River Green Sturgeon ("Acipenser medirostris"). Klamath River Fishery Resource Office, Yreka, California. 20 p.
Van Eenennaam, J.P., M.A.H. Webb, X. Deng, and S.I. Doroshov. 2001. Artificial Spawning and Larval Rearing of Klamath River Green Sturgeon. Transactions of the American Fisheries Society 130:159-165.
Van Eenennaam, J.P., J. Linares-Casenave, X. Deng, and S.I. Doroshov. 2005. Effect of incubation temperature on green sturgeon, "Acipenser medirostris". Environmental Biology of Fishes 72:145-154. 
Van Eenennaam, J.P., J. Linares-Casenave and S.I. Doroshov. 2006. Reproductive Conditions of the Klamath River Green Sturgeon. Transactions of the American Fisheries Society 135:151-163.

</doc>
<doc id="9868158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868158" title="Jerry Chambers">
Jerry Chambers

Jerome Purcell "Jerry" Chambers (born July 18, 1943) is a retired American professional basketball player. At 6'5" and 185 pounds, he played as a forward.
Chambers attended the University of Utah during the mid-1960s, winning the NCAA Basketball Tournament Most Outstanding Player award in 1966 after his team reached the Final Four. He played four professional seasons in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Los Angeles Lakers, Phoenix Suns, Atlanta Hawks, and Buffalo Braves. In 1968, he was involved in one of the most significant transactions in NBA history when the Lakers traded him, Archie Clark and Darrall Imhoff to the Philadelphia 76ers for Hall-of-Famer Wilt Chamberlain. Chambers never played for the 76ers, who traded him to Phoenix in 1969.
From 1972 to 1974, Chambers played in the rival American Basketball Association as a member of the San Diego Conquistadors and the San Antonio Spurs. He retired with 2,667 combined NBA/ABA career points.

</doc>
<doc id="9868176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868176" title="Local Government Pecuniary Interest Tribunal of New South Wales">
Local Government Pecuniary Interest Tribunal of New South Wales

The Local Government Pecuniary Interest and Disciplinary Tribunal of New South Wales is a tribunal which deals with complaints about local councils in New South Wales, a state of Australia. The tribunal began operations on 1 July 1993. On 1 January 2005, the tribunal's name was changed from Local Government Pecuniary Interest Tribunal reflecting an increase in its functions.
Composition.
The Governor of New South Wales may appoint a person as a member of the tribunal. The person must be a lawyer who is eligible to be either a judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales or the District Court of New South Wales. A retired judge of those courts is also eligible for appointment.
The governor may also appoint a deputy to the tribunal if necessary.
The current member of the tribunal is David Officer QC.
Jurisdiction.
Since its creation, the tribunal has had exclusive jurisdiction to inquire into referred complaints about the failure to disclose pecuniary interests by mayors and local government councillors. A pecuniary interest is an interest that a person has in a matter because of a reasonable likelihood or expectation of appreciable financial gain or loss to the person in exercising their duties or functions in local government. Generally, a complaint is made first to the Director-General of the New South Wales Department of Local Government. The director-general may then refer the complaint to the tribunal for hearing.
From 1 January 2005, the tribunal received the additional jurisdiction to decide allegations of misconduct referred by the director-general. The director-general may investigate the allegations, and either deal with the matter him or herself, or may refer the matter to the tribunal. 
The director-general in some cases may suspend a person. When this occurs, the person may appeal to the tribunal under section 440M. When the tribunal decides this appeal, there is no further appeal allowed. 
Hearings.
The tribunal has the power to hold public or private hearings. Generally, proceedings are to be open to the public. It has the power to issue notices requiring documents to be produced or for witnesses to attend before the tribunal.
A person appearing before the tribunal may be legally represented.
A person appearing before the tribunal may be required to answer questions even if they incriminate the person.
Contempt of the tribunal may be referred to the Supreme Court for consideration.
Decisions.
A person may be found in contravention of the Act on the balance of probabilities, rather than beyond reasonable doubt. Where such a finding has been made, the tribunal may counsel the offender, reprimand them, suspend them or disqualified them. It may in certain circumstances, recommend other action be taken against the person.
A person may appeal to the Supreme Court of New South Wales in respect of a finding.
Location.
The tribunal is located at:
Suite 1, Level 3, Stockland House
181 Castlereagh Street
SYDNEY

</doc>
<doc id="9868183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868183" title="Taoliao Army">
Taoliao Army

Taoliao Army, was the former Hsingan Reclamation Army that had gone over to the Japanese during the invasion of Manchuria. It was involved in Operation Nekka that captured Rehe. Following which in 1933 it became the Rehe Guard Army. It had the same commander throughout, Chang Hai-peng. 
The Taoliao Army was part of the Manchukuoan Army formed upon the foundation of the state of Manchukuo. It was composed of at least eight Detachments. The 1st, 4th, 5th, 7th and 8th Detachments are mentioned in Anti Bandit Operations against Feng Zhanhai and Mongolian bandits in the summer of 1932. At the time of Operation Nekka in January 1933, seven Detachments are mentioned as being in the Manchukuoan force of 40,000 men attached to the Japanese invasion army.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9868223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868223" title="Tamsui Fisherman's Wharf">
Tamsui Fisherman's Wharf

Tamsui Fisherman's Wharf () is a very scenic spot at the western tip of Tamsui District, New Taipei City, Taiwan. Its predecessor was the "Tamsui Second Fishing Port" on the right bank of the Tamsui river estuary, an important fishing harbor in the early history of north Taiwan.
The Tamsui Fisherman's Wharf is well known by its beautiful sunset and fresh seafood. While having sightseeing and leisure facilities, it still holds its functionality as a harbor for fishing boats.

</doc>
<doc id="9868243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868243" title="Sneezing powder">
Sneezing powder

Sneezing powder refers to a group of powders or powder-like substances that induce sneezing when someone is exposed to them. This is usually done as a practical joke or prank to an unsuspecting victim.
Sneezing powders containing "Veratrum album" alkaloids have been linked to poisoning, including dyspepsia, fainting, bradycardia and hypotension. Children are especially vulnerable. 

</doc>
<doc id="9868251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868251" title="Erinn Hayes">
Erinn Hayes

Erinn Hayes (born Erinn Carter; May 25, 1976) is an American actress from San Francisco, California, known for her role as Dr. Lola Spratt on the short-form Adult Swim comedy "Childrens Hospital". She has played featured roles in a number of network sitcoms, including Alison on "The Winner" (FOX, 2007), Melanie Clayton on "Worst Week" (CBS, 2008-09), and Sheila on "Guys with Kids" (NBC, 2012-13). In 2012, Hayes had her first featured film role in the black comedy "It's a Disaster".
Career.
Hayes played Alison on the television show "The Winner", created by Ricky Blitt. On May 16, 2007, the series was officially cancelled.
She played the role of Melanie Clayton on the CBS comedy series "Worst Week". The series was an Americanized version of the British comedy "The Worst Week of My Life". In the 2008-2009 television season, the show aired Monday nights at 9:30 PM ET on CBS following "Two and a Half Men". Hayes also appeared as chef Becky Sharp on FOX's short-lived "Kitchen Confidential".
In February 2014, Hayes signed on to star in the upcoming NBC sitcom pilot "The Mason Twins", created by June Diane Raphael and Casey Wilson. Hayes will star opposite co-creater Raphael as twin sisters Lizzie and Pender Mason.
Personal life.
She and her husband, construction supervisor Jack Hayes, have a daughter, Maggie. They had their second daughter, Lilah Grace, on April 29, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9868259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868259" title="Ron Johnson (cornerback)">
Ron Johnson (cornerback)

A seven-year veteran of the National Football League, Ron Johnson (born June 8, 1956) performed as a cornerback for the Pittsburgh Steelers; Ron played all seven of his NFL seasons in a Pittsburgh uniform.
Biography.
Johnson is a 1974 graduate of Detroit's Northwestern High School; he played collegiate football for Eastern Michigan University. Ron Johnson was selected by the Steelers in the first-round of the 1978 NFL draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9868260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868260" title="Surgical Strike (video game)">
Surgical Strike (video game)

Surgical Strike is a full motion video based game developed by The Code Monkeys and published by Sega of America. It was released on November 16, 1993.
It was Joe Flanigan's filmographic debut.
An enhanced 32X CD version of the game was also released in Brazil, published by Tec Toy.

</doc>
<doc id="9868266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868266" title="Shay Doron">
Shay Doron

Shay Doron () (born April 1, 1985) is an Israeli professional basketball player in the Israeli league. She plays for Elitzur Ramla.
Biography.
Doron was born in Ramat Hasharon, Israel, to Yehuda and Tamari Doron. For her first two years in high school, Doron played basketball for Rotberg High School in Ramat HaSharon, and led her team to three state championships and two cup championships. She also competed in track and field in Israel, and won over 60 medals in various events.
Hoping to play basketball in college, and dreaming of playing professionally in the WNBA, she moved to New York, (where her family had previously lived) to play her junior and senior years for the renowned Christ The King Regional High School women's basketball team. She was the only Jewish/Israeli student among 1,800 Catholic students. As a junior she led Christ the King to the New York State Federation finals, while scoring 17.1 points per game. The next year, she led the team to its 19th consecutive Brooklyn-Queens title, became the first girl from New York to play on the McDonald's All-American Team, and participated at the Nike Tournament of Champions, where she earned MVP and Player of the Tournament honors. In her junior and senior seasons, she was named the Gatorade Player of the Year from New York. During her final season, Doron averaged 17.2 points, 4.2 assists, 5.5 rebounds, and 6.0 steals per game, to lead the Royals to the No. 1 rank in the country.
College basketball.
Doron was widely considered coach Brenda Frese's first big-time recruit at the University of Maryland, and she played a pivotal role in the resurgence of the Maryland program. With her help, the team made four straight NCAA Tournament appearances, including Maryland's first ever national title in 2006 with a victory over Duke University.
Doron holds several school records, and ranks in University of Maryland's top 10 in field goal attempts, assists, steals, three pointers, and three point attempts. She also started and played in more games than any other player in school history, with 134 appearances and 119 starts. Doron was named to the All-ACC third team in 2004, All-ACC first team in 2005, and All-ACC second team and ACC All-Academic team in 2006. She was also named to the U.S. National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.
Doron majored in criminal justice and criminology at Maryland.
International experience.
In the summer of 2003, Doron played for Israel's national team. In 2005, Doron guided the Under-20 Israeli National Team to the Division B European Championship title in Brno, Czech Republic, the first-ever international tournament title for an Israeli women's team. She averaged a tournament-best 24.7 ppg, and received Most Valuable Player honors.
She was the first Israeli to be named MVP of the European National Tournament, and was also the MVP of the qualifying round played in Turkey.
Maccabiah Games.
In 2005, she participated in the 2005 Maccabiah Games in Israel, where she led the USA to a 5–0 record and a gold medal. She was selected Maccabiah MVP, her second tournament honor that summer.
WNBA.
Doron was drafted by the WNBA's New York Liberty with the 16th pick in April 2007. Assigned jersey # 2, she saw game action only seven times in the 2007 regular season, totaling 10 points and 3 rebounds in 35 minutes of play. Doron also played limited minutes during the Liberty's 2007 playoff appearances.
After Shay Doron finished a successful season in Israel she has decided to take a few months off and to leave the New York Liberty before the beginning of the 2008 WNBA season. The New York Liberty approved her request on May 9, 2008.
Israeli league.
Doron played for defending champion Elitzur Ramle in the Israeli league during the 2007–2008 WNBA off-season.
Ramle reached the semifinals of the EuroCup Women competition, then went on to win the Israeli league title.
Romanian league.
In 2010, she played for Municipal MCM Târgovişte in the Romanian League. She was competing with her club also in the EuroCup.
Israeli league.
Shay Doron made her return in the Israeli league in 2010 after she ended her contract in Romania. She currently plays for her former team, Elitzur Ramle.

</doc>
<doc id="9868272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868272" title="BeForU III">
BeForU III

"BeForU III: Breaking into the Probability Changes", is the third studio album by the Japanese pop group BeForU, released on March 14, 2007. The album was released as both a single CD and as a CD and DVD combo. Songs from BeForU's three singles with Avex are featured. New songs are also included.
Singles.
Yamato Nadeshiko (Yamato Nadeshiko Spirit) (Released October 18, 2006)
Love2Clutch (Released October 18, 2006)
Red Rocket Rising (Released November 1, 2006)
Get set Go!! BeForU Astronauts Set (Released December 22, 2006)
Strike Party!!! (Released January 17, 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="9868306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868306" title="Víctor Joy Way">
Víctor Joy Way

Víctor Dionicio Joy Way Rojas (born March 10, 1945) is a former Peruvian politician. Born in Huánuco, Joy Way was a member of both the Democratic Constitutional Congress and the Congress of the Republic. He was also the Prime Minister of Peru from January 1999 until December 1999. Under Mr. Joy Way’s presidency, the Peruvian Congress overcame important international conflicts, among them, the Definitive and Global Peace Agreement between Peru and Ecuador in 1998. This agreement put an end to more than 150 years of conflict on the Amazon’s borders. In 1997, Mr. Joy Way successfully participated in “Hostage-Rescue” process at the Japanese Embassy in Peru. In 2000, he was nominated as the “Entrepreneur of the Century “by the National University of Engineering in coordination with the Peruvian Confederation of Private Enterprises for his contribution to the development of the Nation. 
During his political career, Mr. Joy Way has been honored with several Recognition's and Official con-decorations. In 1997, the President of the Peoples Republic of China, Mr. Jiang Zemin, referred to Mr. Joy Way as an“OLD FRIEND OF THE CHINESE PEOPLE“(Beijing). in 2008, He received the Grand Maestre of the Republic of Brazil granted by the President of Brazil, followed by, Grand Maestre of the Republic of Bolivia granted by the President of Bolivia. He was also honored with the highest Decoration of the Congress of the Republic of Peru. 
An ardent supporter of Alberto Fujimori. After the resignation of President Fujimori in year 2000, Mr. Joy Way, as well as many other public supporters of his government, faced political and judicial impeachments led by the opposition party. On November 26, 2007, Joy Way was additionally found guilty of having participated in the overthrow of Constitutional rule that took place in 1992 and was sentenced to jail by the Supreme Court of Peru. After a lengthy process, he was finally acquitted of all the main charges. In 2008, Joy Way was acquitted of all charges brought upon him by the Peruvian government. He continues to live and operate as an international consultant in Peru. 
Joy Way was the first Prime Minister of Peru of Chinese-Peruvian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="9868327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868327" title="Primetime Emmy Award for Actress of the Year">
Primetime Emmy Award for Actress of the Year

This is a list of winners of the Primetime Emmy Awards Actress of the Year. This now retired category was introduced in 1974, and subsequently absorbed into the Best Actress, Supporting Actress, and Guest Actress categories.

</doc>
<doc id="9868333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868333" title="Paul Hogue">
Paul Hogue

Paul H. "Duke" Hogue (April 28, 1940 – August 17, 2009) was an American basketball player.
Early life.
Hogue grew up on Wilson Avenue in Knoxville, Tennessee and played basketball at Austin High School, an all-black high school where his father served as principal. He graduated from Austin in 1958. 
College career.
Because Hogue was black, he wasn't recruited by nearby or southern universities. He chose to attend the University of Cincinnati, largely due to the program's prominence and the chance to play with its star, Oscar Robertson.
A 6'9" center, Hogue made his varsity debut with the Bearcats in 1959-60. As a sophomore, he averaged 12.2 points, shooting .576 from the field, and 11.3 rebounds per game. Hogue was named All-Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) as the Bearcats won the league title, posted a 28-2 record and, led by Robertson, advanced to the Final Four, where the Bearcats finished in third place. 
As a junior in 1960-61, Hogue led UC in rebounding with 12.5 per game and he also led the team with a .532 field goal percentage while averaging 16.8 points per game. He again was named All-MVC as the 27-3 Bearcats again captured the league crown. He was named second-team All-American by Converse. The Bearcats advanced to the championship game of the 1961 NCAA Tournament, capturing the national title with a 70-65 overtime win over Ohio State. 
As a senior in 1961-62, Hogue was the team captain. He was again All-MVC and led the Bearcats in both scoring and rebounding with 16.8 points and 12.4 rebounds per game as the Bearcats again were MVC champions. He was named first-team All-American by the Basketball Writers and the Helms Foundation, second-team All-American by the NEA and Coaches Association, and third-team All-American by the Associated Press (AP) and United Press International (UPI). He was named the 1962 Helms Foundation Player of the Year. The Bearcats again advanced to the NCAA championship game, where they again defeated Ohio State, 71-59, to earn their second consecutive national championship. 
In his three-year career at Cincinnati, Hogue scored 1,391 points, which was third at the time behind Robertson and Jack Twyman.
NBA career.
Hogue was a first round pick (second overall) in the 1962 National Basketball Association (NBA) Draft by the New York Knicks. In his rookie season of 1962-63, Hogue played center, appearing an average of 26.8 minutes per game in 50 games with 7.7 points and 8.6 rebounds per game.
In 1963-64, he played six games for the Knicks before being traded to the Baltimore Bullets, for whom he played just nine games. Averaging 1.7 points and 2.1 rebounds per game for the season, his second season was his last as a professional. 
He had a brief career (1962–64) in the NBA as a member of the Knicks and Baltimore Bullets, averaging 6.3 points per game. 
Personal life.
Hogue worked for many years for the U.S. Postal Service in Cincinnati, including as the supervisor of the Employee Assistance Program. He served as a school board member for Princeton City Schools in suburban Cincinnati from 1988 to 2000 and he was a Village of Woodlawn council member from 2006 to 2009.
Hogue was married to his wife, Patti, for 43 years and they had three sons and one daughter. Hogue died at age 69 on August 17, 2009 of heart and kidney failure, according to his wife Patti. He is buried at Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati.
On September 10, 2011, the City of Knoxville, Tennessee renamed Union Square Park, near Hogue's boyhood home, Paul Hogue Park in his honor. The naming ceremony was held prior to the University of Cincinnati's football game against the University of Tennessee. The event was attended by Knoxville Mayor Daniel Brown, Hogue’s wife Patti and other family members, and some of Hogue's former UC teammates including Tom Thacker, George Wilson and John Harshaw.

</doc>
<doc id="9868334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868334" title="KBUL-FM">
KBUL-FM

KBUL-FM is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada, broadcasting to the Western Nevada and Lake Tahoe areas on 98.1 FM. KBUL-FM airs a country music format and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.

</doc>
<doc id="9868360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868360" title="Nairana-class escort carrier">
Nairana-class escort carrier

The "Nairana"-class escort carrier was a British-built class of three escort carriers. They were constructed one each in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland to the same basic design during the Second World War for service with the Royal Navy.
Converted from merchant ships, they were only able to accommodate a composite squadron of about 15–20 aircraft. Their armaments were mainly anti-aircraft weapons, with one twin 4 inch Dual Purpose, Anti Aircraft gun. One of the class, "Campania", was the first British carrier to be fitted with an Action Information Organisation (AIO) and a Type 277 Radar able to detect low-level aircraft.
Once completed the first carrier did not take part in active service until January 1944, but all three served as convoy escorts during the final year of the war. They had some success during their patrols, and anti-submarine Fairey Swordfish flying from their decks sank and damaged some German U-boats and their fighters succeeded in shooting down German long-range reconnaissance aircraft.
Design and description.
The "Nairana"-class escort carriers were a class of three escort carriers built for the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Escort carriers were designed to protect convoys of merchant ships from U-boat and aircraft attack. Following the successful conversion and operation of HMS "Activity", the Admiralty decided to take over three more
merchant ships while they were still under construction and convert them into escort carriers. The three ships chosen were being built at three different shipyards around the United Kingdom, Harland and Wolff in Northern Ireland, Swan Hunter in England and John Brown & Company in Scotland. The prototype was built by John Brown who supplied the other two companies with copies of the plans. The three ships were supposed to be identical but in reality they were all slightly different.
"Nairana" built by John Brown was launched on 20 May 1943 and completed on 12 December 1943. She had a complement of 728 men and displaced . Her other dimensions were a length of , a beam of and a draught of . Her aircraft facilities included a flight deck, a hangar by , eight arrestor wires and an aircraft lift by .
"Vindex" built by Swan Hunter was launched on 4 May 1943 and completed on 3 December 1943. She had a complement of 700 men and displaced . Her other dimensions were a length of , a beam of and a draught of . Her aircraft and her aircraft facilities included a flight deck, a hangar by , six arrestor wires and an aircraft lift by .
"Campania" built by Harland and Wolff was launched on 17 June 1943 and completed on 9 February 1944. She had a complement of 700 men and displaced . Her other dimensions were a length of , a beam of and a draught of . Her aircraft and her aircraft facilities included a flight deck, a hangar by , six arrestor wires and an aircraft lift by .
Common to all three ships was a traditional rivetted hull, steel flight decks and a closed hangar. They had the same propulsion provided by diesel engines connected to two shafts giving 11,000 brake horsepower (BHP), which could propel the ship at . Their armaments concentrated on anti-aircraft (AA) defence and comprised two 4 inch Dual Purpose, AA guns on a twin mount, sixteen 20 mm anti-aircraft cannons on eight twin mounts and sixteen 2 Pounder Pom Pom on four quadruple mounts. Aircraft assigned were either anti-submarine or fighter aircraft, which could be made up of a mixture of the Hawker Sea Hurricane, Grumman Wildcat, Fairey Fulmar or Fairey Swordfish. The exact composition of the embarked squadrons depended upon the mission. Some squadrons were composite squadrons for convoy defence and would be equipped with anti-submarine and fighter aircraft, while other squadrons working in a strike carrier role would only be equipped with fighter aircraft.
Service History.
HMS "Nairana".
"Vindex" and "Nairana" were both commissioned within days of each other in December 1943, and moved to Gourock for working up. "Nairana" with 835 Naval Air Squadron Fleet Air Arm on board commenced flying exercises with HMS "Activity" on 27 January 1944. Both carriers left the River Clyde on 29 January with the 2nd Escort Group under the command of Captain Frederic John Walker. They were to form a "hunter killer group" in the waters west of Ireland, providing cover for two southbound convoys OS 66 and KMS 70. Weather conditions had prohibited flying until 31 January. With clearer weather "Nairana" turned into the wind to send off her first anti-submarine patrol. At the same time "Wild Goose" reported contact with a submerged U-boat on her ASDIC. Warning "Nairana" that she had just turned into danger, the carrier took avoiding action. The U-boat "U-592" was sunk by "Wild Goose" and Walkers own ship "Starling", while a Fairey Swordfish from "Nairana" circled the area.
By this stage of the war the Royal Navy had enough escort carriers available not only to double them up on a convoy escort but to permanently detach one to work with a "hunter killer group" operating outside the convoy system. The 2nd Escort Group still under the command of Walker was the group chosen with "Vindex" as the carrier. As she would not be supported by another carrier "Vindex"s air group was formed from the experienced 825 Naval Air Squadron, with a complement of 12 Fairey Swordfish Mk IIs and six Sea Hurricanes IICs. Even though there were 12 Swordfish on board they had only eight crews so the Sea Hurricanes carried out some of the daylight anti-submarine patrols. The Sea Hurricanes had been fitted with four racks for the same RP-3 rockets used by the Swordfish to attack submarines.
Leaving Northern Ireland on 9 March 1944, 2nd Escort Group moved to the area believed to hold the highest concentration of U-boats. Over the night of 12 March Swordfish on patrol had 28 contacts on their airborne to surface vessel radar (ASV). Their first attack was unsuccessful dropping two depth charges that failed to explode believed to be caused by faulty safety clips, during the attack the rear gunner in the Swordfish was killed by the U-boats anti-aircraft guns. The depth charges dropped short on a second attack and failed to explode on a third attack during the same night. On the night of 15 March two Swordfish got an ASV contact ahead of the escort group. Unable to see anything in the darkness they dropped flares and sea markers over the location. When the escort group arrived they picked up a contact on their ASDIC and the "U-653" was sunk.
Weather conditions were still not perfect for flying and in the following days, one Swordfish returning from a night patrol landed in the sea alongside the carrier, the crew were reported missing believed killed. A pitching deck caused one Swordfish to crash into the sea on take-off and another Swordfish crashed into the sea on take-off when its engine failed. One Swordfish taking off clipped the island superstructure losing off both wing tips. The pilot managed to get the aircraft into the air circled around jettisoning his depth charges and landed again without mishap. Landing on the heaving deck was just as dangerous, two Sea Hurricanes and two Swordfish missed the arrestor wires and ended up crashing into the safety barriers. On 24 March 1944 a Swordfish with its engine shot up and crew injured attempted to land back on "Vindex". It crash landed onto the flight deck coming to a stop from the end of the flight deck. Leaking petrol set the wreckage on fire, the crew were rescued but the fire exploded one of two depth charges stuck on their racks. A hole  by  was blown in the flight deck. After 16 days at sea "Vindex" returned to port. With two days flying lost because of the weather conditions, the Swordfish had amassed a creditable 275 flying hours and 122 deck landings by day and night. The Sea Hurricanes contributed another 47 hours flying and 39 deck landings.
At the end of May 1944 "Nairana" sailed with the 15th Escort Group. On board was 835 Naval Air Squadron equipped with nine Swordfish and six Sea Hurricanes. The Swordfish patrolled day and night and some contacts were made on the ASV. All the contact come to nothing, its now known the older model ASV in "Naaiana"s Swordfish could be detected by receivers on board U-boats. In May they escorted convoys SL 157 (Freetown to United Kingdom) with MKS 48 (Mediterranean to United Kingdom) and the next group SL 158 with MKS 49. From 25 May the convoys were located by German Junkers Ju 290 reconnaissance aircraft. On the 25 and the morning of the 26 May they were driven off undamaged but one Sea Hurricane failed to pull out of a dive killing the pilot. Later the same day another two Ju 220s appeared one was shot down and the other was probably shot down.
HMS "Vindex".
With "Vindex" damaged and needing a refit and "Campania" still not commissioned, "Nairana" was the only ship of her class fit for sea on 1 April 1944. She left in the first week of April with the outbound convoys OS 72 (West Africa) and KMS 46 (Gibraltar). She still had 825 Naval Air Squadron on board but this time she was overloaded with 18 aircraft: 12 Swordfish Mk IIs and six Sea Hurricanes IIcs. At the end of the month "Vindex" joined the 5th Escort Group. On 6 May a patrolling Swordfish was contacted by two of the escort frigates, who reported they were in contact with a submerged U-boat. The frigates carried out a depth charge attack and forced "U-765" to the surface. The Swordfish despite the anti-aircraft fire from the U-boat dropped two of its depth charges which broke the submarine in half.
Flying became dangerous in the heavy seas and poor visibility. One Sea Hurricane was damaged beyond repair after a serious crash into the safety barrier and another crashed into the sea with the loss of the pilot. The Swordfish crews fared little better. Three aircraft and one crew were lost during the same period. On 9 May "Vindex"s aircraft lift broke down with a burnt out motor. The crew had to resort to manually cranking the lift up and down, taking an hour to go each way. They eventually repaired the lift by moving the capstan motor through holes burned into the bulkheads. During the second deployment by "Vindex" her aircraft flew over 400 sorties in 13 days. The strain on the aircrews began to show and only 35 per cent of the original Swordfish crews were still with the ship when they returned to port. It was during this second deployment that one of the ships officers, Sub-Lieutenant J.M. Morrison invented a blind landing system soon to be used on all the Royal Navy carriers. He modified an ASV radar set which was placed on the flight deck. The system employed the Air Directing Officer guiding aircraft to within of the ship. They could then be picked up on the ASV and brought in astern of the carrier at a height of .
On 15 August 1944, "Vindex" and HMS "Striker" joined convoy JW 59 the first Arctic convoy to Russia of the year. "Vindex" still had 825 Naval Air Squadron on board but they were now equipped with the Swordfish Mk III. This version of the biplane had a Rocket-assisted take off system (RATOG) and a new ASV radar in a dome on the underside of the aircraft. The extra weight reduced the crew to two, doing away with the Telegraphist-Air-Gunner. There was a full complement of 12 Swordfish and eight Sea Hurricanes (two unassembled spares) on board. The larger "Striker" had 12 Swordfish and 12 Grumman Wildcats. The Swordfish claimed their first success on 22 August sinking "U-354" and claimed another as possibly sunk. Her rocket armed Sea Hurricanes also claimed a U-boat damaged. Neither convoy JW 59 or the returning RA 59A lost any ships.
Russian convoy JW 61 which sailed on 20 October had for the first time three escort carriers, "Vindex", "Nairnana" and HMS "Tracker". This was a large convoy of 62 merchant ships with a large escort group. Vice-Admiral Frederick Dalrymple-Hamilton was in command with "Vindex" as his flagship.
"Nairnana" had 835 Naval Air Squadron with 14 Swordfish IIIs and six Wildcat VIs on board for what would be their first Arctic convoy. "Vindex" had a re-formed 811 Naval Air Squadron with the same aircraft types and numbers. The third carrier was HMS "Tracker" with 10 Grumman Avengers and six Wildcats. The short Arctic days meant that most flying would be at night. The three carriers worked a system of eight-hour watches. One would be the duty carrier with its aircraft aloft, the second would be on standby with its aircraft arranged on deck ready to scramble and the third resting. The two Swordfish equipped squadrons because of their better night flying equipment shared the night time hours while "Trackers" Avengers worked the daylight hours. The strength of the convoys escort may have deterred the Germans and no U-boats or reconnaissance aircraft were detected until the convoy approached the Kola Inlet. Even then the heavy escort prevented any attack and the convoy reached port safely.
The return convoy RA 61 was equally successful with only one frigate damaged by a torpedo just after leaving Kola. "Vindex" had to take avoiding action after detecting a torpedo coming towards her. "Vindex"s inexperienced squadron lost a Wildcat pilot when his plane crashed into the sea attempting to land back on board. A Swordfish crashed into the sea following a rocket assisted take off with the loss of the two man crew. Another Swordfish crashed on landing with the aircraft initially hung over the ships side from its tail hook. When the hook gave way it crashed into the sea and only the pilot was rescued. The squadron in total lost or so severely damaged eight Swordfish and two Wildcats that they could not fly again.
HMS "Campania".
"Campania" was commissioned in February 1944, her delay in construction meant she was the first British carrier to be fitted with Action Information Organisation (AIO) and a Type 277 Radar able to detect low-level aircraft. She had 813 Naval Air Squadron on board, equipped with 12 Swordfish Mk III, four Grumman Wildcats and three Fairey Fulmars. Her first convoy supported by the escort carrier "Striker" was the uneventful JW 60 to Russia. The return convoy RA 60 did have two merchant ships torpedoed for the loss of "U-921". Between the two carriers five Swordfish and two Wildcats were lost. On 1 November 1944, "Campania" took part in Operation Golden convoys JW and RA 61A this was a small convoy with only the escorts and two passenger liners repatriating 11,000 Russians who were released prisoners of war. They left Russia 10 November with the liners bringing back Russian sailors, crews for ships being loaned to the Russian navy. Both journeys were relatively uneventful no U-boats interfered with their progress and the only action was the shooting down of two Blohm and Voss 138s by the Wildcats of 813 Naval Air Squadron. One Wildcat was lost when it crashed on take-off.
The normal Arctic convoys restarted at the end of November, "Campania" and "Nairana" were paired as part of the escort. Both ships still had their established squadrons on board 813 and 835, with Swordfish IIIs and Wildcat VIs. The first convoy JW and RA 62 were subjected to the first joint U-boat and torpedo bomber attacks since convoy PQ 18 two years previously. No ships in the convoy were lost but they did sink "U-365" and shot down two Junkers Ju 88s and one Blohm and Voss 138. Two Swordfish and one Wildcat with the pilot were lost.
On 6 February 1945, "Campania", "Nairana", the cruiser HMS "Bellona" and eight fleet destroyers joined 26 merchant ships in convoy JW64. This time the squadrons had spare aircrews for their aircraft and "Campania"s squadron included a Fairey Fulmar fitted with a Royal Air Force AI air-to-air interception radar, for use as a dedicated night fighter. Shortly after the escorts and convoy came together "Campania"s radar operator reported a target approaching. Both carriers scrambled two Wildcats, to intercept the intruder. "Campania"s Wildcats got there first and shot down a Junkers Ju 88, one of the Wildcats was also shot down with the loss of the pilot. The next morning as 07:45 "Campania"s radar detected aircraft approaching. Two groups of Junkers Ju 88 torpedo bombers appeared and the convoys escorts opened fire. The ships manoeuvred to avoid the torpedo attack and "Nairana"s Wildcats were airborne by 08:10. No ships were hit during the attacks and the bombers evaded the fighters in the heavy cloud cover. "Campania"s Swordfish were flying the daylight anti-submarine patrols, with a mixed armament of four RP-3 rockets and two depth charges. On 7 November 835 Squadron claimed a Junkers Ju 88 damaged. The long Arctic night with only four hours of light a day together with heavy seas and low visibility hampered any operations by the Wildcats. During darkness the ships could hear the engines of the shadowing German aircraft closing in. "Campania"s night fighting Fulmar took off at 17:30, but its electrics failed as it was approaching the German aircraft and it was forced to return to the carrier. The Fulmar landed off centre crashed into the safety barrier putting itself and the carrier out of action. On the 10 November a Swordfish on anti-submarine patrol reported 30 Junkers Ju 88s approaching the convoy. The Wildcats took off to intercept the torpedo bombers and the escorts opened fire on them. The combined fire from the escorts and the Wildcats shot down four Ju 88s, two more were claimed as probably shot down by the Wildcats and another was severely damaged. Those Ju 88s that did release their torpedoes failed to hit any of the ships and a number of the torpedoes were seen to detonate in the ships wakes, as they turned away from the attack. Two of the Wildcats were also shot down by the barrage from the escorts. The combined losses had reduced the escorts fighter cover three aircraft, one on "Campania" and two on "Nairana" at 11:30 another group of Junkers Ju 88 torpedo bombers were discovered approaching. "Nairana"s Wildcats took off and shot one down the others under fire from the escorts dropped their torpedoes too soon and they all missed. The return convoy RA 64 left Kola Inlet on the morning of 17 February, one of the escorts and a merchant ship were torpedoed almost immediately. Another merchant ship was torpedoed that afternoon. Terrible weather conditions kept all aircraft grounded until 20 November, when it began to clear the Luftwaffe also appeared and the Wildcats were scrambled to intercept them. Two Ju 88s were shot down by the fighters another two by the escorts and three were damaged. The convoys had lost to enemy action two fighters, two escorts and two merchant ships. In return they claimed 15 aircraft destroyed, seven aircraft probably destroyed and one U-boat sunk. "Campania" did one more Russian convoy JW 65 in March 1945, which had two merchant ships torpedoed and sunk on their approach to Kola Inlet. These were the last losses on a Russian convoy.
Later careers.
With the war over there was no further need for escort carriers. HMS "Nairana" was transferred to the Royal Netherlands Navy in 1946. In Dutch service she was renamed the HNLMS "Karel Doorman" until 1948 when she was converted back into a merchantman named the "Port Victor". HMS "Vindex" was sent out to the Far East as the flagship for Rear Admiral Cunninghame Graham. On her return she was placed in reserve and bought back by her original owner the Port Line. She was renamed "Port Vindex" and converted into a refrigerated cargo ship on the United Kingdom to Australia route. HMS "Campania", still in escort carrier configuration, toured around the ports of Europe as the Festival of Britain ship in 1951.
In October 1952, she carried the equipment to the Montebello Islands for Operation Hurricane, the first British nuclear weapons test on 3 October 1952. She returned to Britain in December 1952, and was broken up at Blyth in November 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="9868385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868385" title="Aribwatsa language">
Aribwatsa language

Aribwatsa, also known as Lae or Lahe, is an extinct member of the Busu subgroup of Lower Markham languages in the area of Lae, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea. Descendents of the Aribwatsa language community have mostly switched to the Bukawa language, which is spoken all along the north coast of the Huon Gulf and in several villages on the south coast.

</doc>
<doc id="9868389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868389" title="Guandu Temple">
Guandu Temple

Guandu Temple () is a Taoist temple in the Beitou District of Taipei, Taiwan worshipping the sea deity Mazu.
History.
The temple was originally constructed in 1661 with the name Lingshan Temple due to its location at Mount Ling.
Architecture.
The temple is filled with carved dragon pillars, stone lions and wall sculptures. The door gods are in the form of relief carvings. The rafters and beams are also carved and painted. The image of Mazu sits on the main altar. 
Transportation.
The temple is accessible within walking distance south of Guandu Station of Taipei Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="9868390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868390" title="Churchland">
Churchland

Churchland can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9868395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868395" title="Deanna Hammond">
Deanna Hammond

Deanna L. Hammond (1942–1997) was a Canadian-American translator and linguist. She led the Linguistic Services section of the US Library of Congress. During the 1990s, she taught Spanish translation at George Mason University and at American University. She was president of the American Translators Association from 1989 to 1991. In 1992, she received the association's highest award, the Alexander Gode medal. She headed the US delegation to the Statutory Congress of the International Translation Federation in 1990. She was president of the Interlingua Institute from 1993 until her death. 
Her father was Canadian, and her mother was from the US. After graduating from Washington State University, Hammond received a Master's degree in Linguistics from the University of Ohio and a Doctorate in Spanish Linguistics from Georgetown University. She lived in Colombia from 1964 to 1967, first as a member of the Peace Corps and later as an English instructor at the Industrial University of Santander. She also taught at the superior school in Pullman, Washington. 
She became a volunteer for Senator Henry M. Jackson in 1974, and she taught English as a Second Language for Northern Virginia Community College from 1974 to 1977. She organized conferences for the Association for Machine Translation in the Americas and wrote articles for publications such as the "Congressional Record", the "Modern Language Journal", the "Annals of Political Science", and the "Chronicle of the American Translators Association".
She died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 55. Leland B. Yeager, the Vice President of the Interlingua Institute, assumed her post temporarily until Henry Fischbach was reappointed President in January 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9868397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868397" title="Alabama State Route 17">
Alabama State Route 17

State Route 17, or SR-17, is a state route that runs the virtual length of the state. Between Mobile and Deer Park in Washington County, SR-17 is the unsigned partner route assigned to U.S. Highway 45, and from Hamilton to Florence, it serves as the signed partner route assigned to U.S. Highway 43.
Route description.
The southern terminus of SR-17 and US-45 is at their junction with U.S. Highway 98 and unsigned State Route 42 in Mobile. US-45 and SR-17 assume a northwestwardly trajectory as they leave Mobile heading towards the Mississippi state line. Approximately five miles north of an interchange with Interstate 65 northwest of downtown Mobile, the routes quickly enter rural areas of Mobile County via a two-lane highway. Near the small community of Deer Park in southern Washington County, SR-17 diverts from US-45 and becomes a signed route.
After the split from US-45, SR-17 assumes a general northerly orientation as it passes through rural areas and small towns in western Alabama. The route passes through the Black Belt, historically one of the poorer areas of the state. After leaving Mobile, the route does not pass through any towns whose population exceeds 5,000 until it approaches Hamilton in Marion County. At Hamilton, SR-17 once again becomes an unsigned route upon the second junction it has with U.S. Highway 43; US-45 and SR-17 are the southern terminus of US-43 in Mobile.
Between Hamilton and Muscle Shoals, SR-17 is a signed route. At Muscle Shoals, US-43, SR-17 and SR-13 junction with U.S. Highway 72 and several other state routes. At this point, SR-17 once again becomes a signed route as it leads through Muscle Shoals and Florence as it heads towards its northern terminus at the Tennessee state line, where it becomes Tennessee State Route 13.
History.
State Route 17 was designated in 1940 between Kennedy and York. In 1952, the route was extended south to Mobile; from York to Deer Park State Route 29 was renumbered as part of SR-17, and from Deer Park to Mobile the route ran together with U.S. Route 45. SR-17 was extended north to the Tennessee state line in 1956. To accomplish this, SR-17 replaced old State Route 19 up to Hamilton, was co-signed with U.S. Route 43 up to Florence, and replaced old State Route 34 the rest of the way to the Tennessee state line.

</doc>
<doc id="9868412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868412" title="Alana Cordy-Collins">
Alana Cordy-Collins

Alana Kathleen Cordy-Collins is Professor of Anthropology at the University of San Diego. She is an archaeologist whose primary specialization is Peruvian prehistory.
She was born June 5, 1944, in Los Angeles, California. Her father was Mayanist Napoleon Cordy. A cousin, Ross Cordy, is an anthropologist specializing in Polynesian civilizations, who is chief archaeologist for the state of Hawaii’s Historic Preservation Division and teaches at the University of Hawaii.
She received her bachelor’s degree, master’s degree and Ph.D. at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). Her current venture is the Ulluchu Project, a botanical research project on the north coast of Peru. Her secondary specialization is shamanism, where she is developing a project in Mongolia. In addition to her professorship, she is director of the David W. May Indian Artifacts Gallery and curator of the collection. She is also a former curator of the Latin American collections at the San Diego Museum of Man.
Cordy-Collins has played a major role in the excavation of several important Moche tombs in Peru since she began working there in 1972, including the Royal Tombs of Sipan and Dos Cabezas. Sipán, excavated in 1987, is one of most important archaeological discoveries of Peru. It includes some of the few tombs that had been undisturbed by grave robbers, and the artifacts, which included gold, ornate pottery and other findings, toured the United States. The excavation of the Dos Cabezas pyramid in 1997-2002 revealed treasure-filled tombs with a surprising amount of metalwork and ceramics, as well as a family of “giants” – mummies of men who would have stood about 6 feet tall, compared with the typical Moche, who averaged between 4-foot-10 and 5-foot-6. The noblemen suffered from Marfan syndrome, an inherited form of gigantism. These are the first recorded instances of gigantism in prehistoric South America. Cordy-Collins has lectured both nationally and internationally about the Moche "giants."

</doc>
<doc id="9868484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868484" title="William M. McFaddin">
William M. McFaddin

William M. McFaddin (1819-1898) served in the Texas Revolution at San Jacinto. He founded a ranching empire in southeast Texas that survives today. William P.H. Mcfaddin, James Alfred McFaddin, David H. McFaddin, John Andrew McFaddin, and Charles Walter McFaddin were his sons, and Eliza Ann (Di) McFaddin, and Elizabeth (Lizzie) McFaddin, were his daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9868491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868491" title="Sanicula arctopoides">
Sanicula arctopoides

Sanicula arctopoides is a species of sanicle known commonly as footsteps of spring or bear's foot sanicle. It is a perennial herb found on the west coast of the United States, especially near the ocean. The branches are short and thick and may be prostrate or slightly erect. The leaves are yellowish-green and carrot-like or maple-shaped, and the tiny yellow flowers are borne in umbels with prominent bracts. The plants grow in low matted patches along the ground, resembling "footsteps" of yellow against the background.
This is a protected species in some areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9868493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868493" title="PMX (technology)">
PMX (technology)

PMX refers to the technology developed by Pelmorex to generate local weather information on The Weather Network. PMX consists of computers, typically installed at a cable headend, that takes data fed to it (the video feed of The Weather Network, forecast information, and triggers to run said forecasts) and packages it for broadcast. Unlike the Weather Star systems, it does not generate full graphical or video segments, rather the information is super-imposed over the main video feed.
History.
PMX was developed by Pelmorex in 1995 as a standard localization system that would replace the Weather Star 4000 units and the text based Weather Star 3000s that were still used in smaller communities. The PMX technology quickly rolled out starting 1996, with all communities receiving the new units by the end of 1997. To this day, PMX generates local weather information to over 1200 communities across Canada.
Timeline.
Severe weather warnings (specifically during Severe Thunderstorm, or Tornado Warnings) are displayed as a red bar with text at the bottom of the screen. Less severe weather warnings are displayed as a red full page overlay with text during the first part of the Local Forecast.
Products.
PMX is primarily used on segments that involve local weather information, notably during regular Local forecasts. Over the years PMX has been used for local tagging with advertisements, usually with listings of local dealers, and with "weather-triggered" advertising.
PMX units at major satellite TV providers display forecasts for a list of major Canadian centres. However few smaller satellite providers in certain regions (e.g. SaskTel) use customized PMX units that cover its geographical area. Conditions are shown for multiple cities at one time and box areas intended for different forecast products on normal PMX systems are repurposed: the 4x2 grid used for the 7-Day Outlook displays precipitation forecasts for the next 24 hours for 14 cities in Saskatchewan.
The technology has also been used for the MTS TV Weather Channel in Manitoba.
PMX would be used to display warnings and alerts with the proposed "All Channel Alert" system.

</doc>
<doc id="9868514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868514" title="John Givens">
John Givens

John Givens (died December 8, 2009) was a former basketball player and coach.
Givens, a native of McHenry in Ohio County, Kentucky, played college basketball at Western Kentucky University for coach E.A. Diddle. He was drafted by the NBA's Rochester Royals in the sixth round of the 1950 draft.
Givens was a starting guard on the 1950-51 Sheboygan Red Skins of the National Professional Basketball League. The Red Skins finished with the league's best record at 29-16, after which the league dissolved. Givens was one of the league's most electric performers and finished seventh in NPBL scoring with 569 points in 44 games, a 12.9 per-game average. 
Givens became the first head coach of the Kentucky Colonels during the American Basketball Association's first season in 1967-1968. Givens also became the first coach in the history of the ABA to be fired, after a 5-12 start. He was replaced as head coach of the Colonels by Gene Rhodes.
Givens later coached at Thomas Jefferson High School and Fern Creek High School, both in Jefferson County, Kentucky, before he retired.
Givens died on December 8, 2009 at his home in Louisville, Kentucky. He is survived by his widow, Eldora.

</doc>
<doc id="9868516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868516" title="Phoenix Theatre (Phoenix)">
Phoenix Theatre (Phoenix)

The Phoenix Theatre is a professional theatre company located in Phoenix, Arizona. Started in 1920, by a theatre troupe known as the Phoenix Players, the theatre is among the oldest continually operating theaters west of the Mississippi River. The theatre is a non-profit corporation and encompasses both the Main Stage productions, the family-oriented Cookie Company, as well as Partners that Heal and numerous youth oriented programs.
History.
The Phoenix Little Theatre was founded by Harry Behn and Male Bartlett Heard in 1922. In 1924, the theatre was located in the Heard Stable at Central and McDowell Roads in downtown Phoenix. In 1928, the theatre applied for its articles of incorporation and by its 8th season boasted 424 members. By 1940, the theatre had close to 1,000 members and remained operational throughout the Second World War. The theatre moved into its current home, within the same complex as the Phoenix Art Museum. In 1954, the theatre began its Children's Theatre. In 1985, the 'Little' was dropped from the name, leaving it simply the Phoenix Theatre.
Phoenix Theatre is home to a youth-geared company as well as education and outreach programs that include summer camps, the Young Theatregoers program, workshops, seminars, and collaborations with other well-known theater companies. It also provides professional theatre artists as instructors for Arizona State University. Phoenix Theatre hosts a 2nd Draft Series each season to allow for playwrights to host a reading of their new work to be discussed by audiences, a New Works Festival each summer, as well as renting its spaces to various resident dance and performance troupes and out of town companies.
In its 93-year history, Phoenix Theatre has launched stars in the industry, developed young audiences, introduced emerging playwrights and composers, created a space for alternative and experimental theatre, hosted world premieres, sustained a ballet company, produced a collaborative repertory Shakespeare festival, expanded education and outreach, and offered local Equity Actors an opportunity to work in their hometown.
Cookie Company.
Alan Prewitt began the Cookie Company in 1980 to bring professional-level theatre to children and their families. CC is the first theatre in the Valley to consistently perform original works, some of them performed in Spanish. It was the first children's theatre to provide shadow-signed and audio reverse interrupted performances for deaf children. "The Quiltmaker's Gift" by Alan Prewitt is CC's yearly holiday performance. CC serves more than 35,000 cookies a year and more than 500 gallons of milk. That is approximately 980,000 cookies and 14,000 gallons of milk in Cookie Company's 28 years of performances. The Youth Theatregoers is CC's field-trip-to-the-theatre program which has continued for almost 25 years.
Development and Fundraising.
Each year, Phoenix Theatre hosts events that raise funds to benefit the operation of the mainstage. For the past 8 years, one major fundraiser has been Phoenix Theatre Follies, a gala event of performance and fun, with community leaders, donors, sponsors, and professional actors joining together on the stage to create a memorable production of an original script.
For the past ten years, PT has sponsored a luncheon at which selected Valley women and corporations who have made a special contribution to children's charities or in the arts are singled out. This luncheon honors four outstanding women in community leadership, business leadership, lifetime achievement, and outstanding achievement. Proceeds from the event go keep the Cookie Company producing its award-winning performances.
In PT's current 09/10 season, these two events will be combined into one event, Phoenix Live which will occur in February and raise funds for the maintenance and upkeep of Phoenix Theatre.
Famous faces.
Phoenix Theatre has had more than a few stars share its stage over the years. From playwrights and authors, to television and film actors, PT has been home to those who went on to make a name for themselves as well as those who stopped by with their reputations preceding them.
Clare Boothe Luce, writer of such hits as "The Women" spent time at PLT. And Andy Devine, Rosemary DeCamp, and Susan Flannery all went on to have successful television careers after spending some time on the PT stage. Nick Nolte called PLT home on several occasions. He appeared in 1963 in "Squirks" and then played Prince Charming in "Cinderella." He also starred in "The Golden Fleecing" in 1964 and worked as Starbuck for Actors Inner Circle in "The Rainmaker." L. Ron Hubbard, began his teaching of Scientology on PLT's Mainstage in the 1950s. Steven Spielberg screened his first film, "Firelight", at the theatre in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9868533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868533" title="Academy Fantasia">
Academy Fantasia

Academy Fantasia (or "True Academy Fantasia") is a reality show held in Thailand. It is a singing contest, judged through popular votes.
Overview.
Created by cable TV provider TrueVisions, formerly known as United Broadcasting Corporation (UBC), Academy Fantasia is a franchise of La Academia, a popular reality TV show from Mexico. The contestants are selected through nationwide auditions, as well as through online audition clips. The live auditions take place in major cities in every part of Thailand to search for those who dream about becoming superstars. Four judges will eliminate thousands of people down to top 100 then last twelve or more finalists into the Academy House for study.
The contestants live in the same house with hundreds of hidden cameras. Audiences can watch them 24 hours live on TV and online. Each week the contestants are assigned individual songs and sometimes group songs to perform on stage every Saturday until the last week of the show. The contestants attend voice class, dance class, and acting class to practice the songs that they perform.
The audiences can vote for their favorite contestants through cell phones and land phones. The show usually airs 24 hours on True Vision 20 (digital) and 16 (analog) and the concerts will be broadcast live on True Music Channel (Digital:26, Analog:30) and ModernNine TV (public channel 9) every Saturday night between 20:40-23:10 Thailand time.
After each performance the commentators will evaluate the performance. At the end of the concert, the contestant(s) who received the lowest percentage of audience votes will have to leave the show.
The winners of the first five seasons were all male and was the first female in the season 6. The winners and the runner-ups will automatically receive record deals with True Fantasia record label. After the end of each season, there is a nationwide concert tour starring the top 12 finalists.
Seasons.
Season 1 (2004).
21 June - 21 August 2004 (9 Weeks)
Season 1: Elimination chart.
1None elimination week due to a failure of system supported the votes.
Season 2 (2005).
18 July - 8 October 2005 (12 Weeks)
Season 3 (2006).
3 July - 9 September 2006 (10 Weeks)
Season 3: Elimination chart.
1Contestant had the most popular vote on the special week and get the special prize, a trip to Hong Kong with his mother for one week.
Season 4 (2007).
18 March - 15 October 2007 (12 Weeks & 1 Extra Week)
Season 4: Elimination chart.
<br>
In the 4th season, AF had 20 contestants go into the Academy house. However, this was still considered an Semi-Finals, since there are normally only 12 final contestants in each season. Thus, by the end of the week, 8 of the contestants were supposed to be eliminated, leaving with only 12 people as the real finalists. After the 1st week's performance, the voting results showed that only 3 girls survived to the next round if they really eliminated 8 people. However, this could not happen according to the show's "bible" because in every season, there needs to be 5-7 men & 5-7 women (roughly equal number of men and women among the 12 contestants). Therefore, this week, instead of eliminating the bottom 8, they eliminated only the bottom 4, who were all female. It was also announced that in the following week, 4 male contestants would have to be eliminated, while the female contestants would be safe. In the 2nd week, the bottom 4 male contestants were eliminated by the end of the show.
Season 5 (2008).
12 May - 2 August 2008 (12 Weeks)
Season 5: Elimination chart.
In the 5th season, 16 contestants were admitted to the Academy house, so in the first week 4 contestants were supposed to be eliminated (one male and one female from the online auditions, and one male and one female from live auditions.) At the actual concert, though, the audience and the contestants were surprised when only 2 female contestants were eliminated (one from online auditions and one from live auditions), so 2 male contestants (one from the clip auditions and one from the live auditions) would be eliminated in week 2.
Season 6 (2009).
28 June - 19 September 2009 (12 Weeks)
Season 7 (2010).
27 June - 18 September 2010 (12 Weeks)
1Ton (V13) replaced Mark (V11), who retired the show at the end of concert week 3.
Season 8 (2011).
26 June - 17 September 2011 (12 week)
Season 9 (2012).
2 June - 15 September 2012 (15 Weeks)
Season 10 (2013).
24 June - 14 September 2013 (12 Weeks)

</doc>
<doc id="9868537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868537" title="Phnom Tbeng Meanchey">
Phnom Tbeng Meanchey

Tbeng Meanchey (or "Tbaeng Meanchey") is a town, and capital of Preah Vihear Province in northern Cambodia. Phnom Tbeng Meanchay (or Phnom Tbeng Meanchey) is the mountain rising to 600 m 5 km south-west of Tbeng Meanchay town.

</doc>
<doc id="9868542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868542" title="AFCEA">
AFCEA

The Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA) established in 1946, is a non-profit membership association serving the military, government, industry, and academia as an ethical forum for advancing professional knowledge and relationships in the fields of communications, information technology, intelligence, and security. AFCEA supports local chapters, sponsors events, publishes "SIGNAL" Magazine, promotes education, and provides member benefits. AFCEA has more than 35,000 members. 
History.
Following the American Civil War, the United States Veterans Signal Association was formed from the original Signal Corps established under Major Albert J. Myer of the U.S. Army.
This organization was active for many years, ultimately being augmented by veterans from the Spanish American War and World War I. Another World War I group, the American Signal Corps Association, merged with the U.S. Veterans Signal Association in 1918 and was active until 1944 (World War II).
In May 1946, Major General Harry C. Ingles, Brigadier General David Sarnoff, and a number of industrial leaders joined to found the Army Signal Association, absorbing the remaining chapters of its predecessors.
In 1947, with the unification of the services, the name was changed to Armed Forces Communications Association, and in 1954 the name evolved as the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association. In 1979 AFCEA became international with the establishment of chapters in Europe, Asia and Canada.
"SIGNAL" Magazine.
"SIGNAL" is a monthly international news magazine targeting government, military and industry professionals active in the information technology and intelligence fields. Among the topics covered in the magazine are command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); information security; research and development; electronics; and homeland security. "SIGNAL"’s January issue also features the AFCEA Source Book, which contains the company profiles and contacts of AFCEA’s corporate members.
Online publications.
A monthly online newsletter, "SIGNAL Connections", is emailed mid-month to members. AFCEA’s online directories include a source book, the cybersecurity directory and the health IT directory. Organizations provide the information in these online publications, including contacts, business focus, products/services, and/or clients. AFCEA is involved in technologies including webinars, podcasts, blogs, and RSS Feeds. AFCEA has a presence in social media platforms including LinkedIn, Facebook, Second Life, Twitter, GovLoop, MySpace, YouTube and del.icio.us.
Foundation.
The association, in partnership with the AFCEA Educational Foundation, chapters and members, presents $2 million annually in scholarships, grants and awards in six categories: 1) college students with science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) majors, 2) current and future teachers of STEM subjects in U.S. middle and high schools, 3) underserved/minority college students studying STEM fields, 4) students in fields related to security such as intelligence, cyber and homeland security, 5) ROTC cadets/midshipmen and military personnel, and 6) students attending the five service academies and other military educational institutions.
Professional Development Center.
AFCEA’s Professional Development Center (PDC) is operated by the Educational Foundation and complements the Association's educational efforts by providing a wide-ranging program of continuing education, leadership development, and technical training courses.
Chapters.
AFCEA has 130 chapters and sub-chapters around the world to provide professional education and networking. Most hold monthly meetings to exchange ideas about communications, intelligence, imaging and information systems technologies. Nearly one-half of AFCEA’s chapters conduct symposia and seminars in addition to other chapter activities. Individual chapters provide college scholarships, fund classroom equipment and mentor students in science fairs and technology clubs. 
Conferences.
AFCEA conferences offer problem-solving opportunities to C4ISR, intelligence, homeland security and information technology professionals through exhibits, technical panels and speakers. Events include:

</doc>
<doc id="9868554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868554" title="Da Khop Shop">
Da Khop Shop

Da Khop Shop is the debut album from Mr. Short Khop. It was released on March 20, 2001.
The album peaked at #154 on the Billboard Hot 200. The single "Dollaz, Drank & Dank" reached #2 on Billboard's Hot Rap singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9868561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868561" title="Yunus">
Yunus

Yunus (also spelled Younes or Younis, , , , ) is a common male given name and the Arabic equivalent of the name Jonas, meaning dove. In Turkish it means dolphin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9868601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868601" title="William McFaddin">
William McFaddin

William McFaddin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9868605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868605" title="History of Shia Islam">
History of Shia Islam

Shī‘a Islam, also known as Shi‘ite Islam or Shi‘ism, is the second largest branch of Islam after Sunni Islam. Shias adhere to the teachings of Muhammad and the religious guidance of his family (who are referred to as the Ahl al-Bayt) or his descendants known as Shia Imams. Muhammad's bloodline continues only through his daughter Fatima Zahra and cousin Ali who alongside Muhammad's grandsons comprise the Ahl al-Bayt. Thus, Shias consider Muhammad's descendants as the true source of guidance, while considering the first three ruling Sunni caliphs a historic occurrence and not something attached to faith. Shia Islam, like Sunni Islam, has at times been divided into many branches; however, only three of these currently have a significant number of followers, and each of them has a separate trajectory.
From a political viewpoint the history of the Shia was in several stages. The first part was the emergence of the Shia, which starts after Muhammad's death in 632 and lasts until Battle of Karbala in 680. This part coincides with the Imamah of Ali, Hasan ibn Ali and Husayn. The second part is the differentiation and distinction of the Shia as a separate sect within the Muslim community, and the opposition of the Sunni caliphs. This part starts after the Battle of Karbala and lasts until the formation of the Shia states about 900. During this section Shi'ism divided into several branches. The third section is the period of Shia states. The first Shia state was the Idrisid dynasty (780–974) in Maghreb. Next was the Alavid dynasty (864–928) established in Mazandaran (Tabaristan), north of Iran. These dynasties were local, but they were followed by two great and powerful dynasties. The Fatimid Caliphate formed in Ifriqiya in 909, and ruled over varying areas of the Maghreb, Egypt and the Levant until 1171. The Buyid dynasty emerged in Daylaman, north of Iran, about 930 and then ruled over central and western parts of Iran and Iraq until 1048. In Yemen, Imams of various dynasties usually of the Zaidi sect established a theocratic political structure that survived from 897 until 1962.
From Saqifa to Karbala.
Muhammad began preaching Islam at Mecca before migrating to Medina, from where he united the tribes of Arabia into a singular Arab Muslim religious polity. With Muhammad's death in 632, disagreement broke out over who would succeed him as leader of the Muslim community. While Ali ibn Abi Talib, his cousin and son-in-law, and the rest of Muhammad's close family were washing his body for burial, the tribal leaders of Mecca and Medina held a secret gathering at Saqifah to decide who would succeed Muhammad as head of the Muslim state, disregarding what the earliest Muslims, the Muhajirun, regarded as Muhammad's appointment of Ali as his successor at Ghadir Khumm. Umar ibn al-Khattab, a companion of Muhammad, nominated Abu Bakr. Others, after initial refusal and bickering, settled on Abu Bakr who was made the first caliph. This choice was disputed by Muhammad's earliest companions, who held that Ali had been designated his successor. According to Sunni accounts, Muhammad died without having appointed a successor, and with a need for leadership, they gathered and voted for the position of caliph. Shi'a accounts differ by asserting that Muhammad had designated Ali as his successor on a number of occasions, including on his death bed. Ali was supported by Muhammad's family and the majority of the Muhajirun, the initial Muslims, and was opposed by the tribal leaders of Arabia who included Muhammad's initial enemies, including, naturally, the Banu Umayya. Abu Bakr's election was followed by a raid on Ali's house led by Umar and Khalid ibn al-Walid (see Umar at Fatimah's house).
The succession to Muhammad is an extremely contentious issue. Muslims ultimately divided into two branches based on their political attitude towards this issue, which forms the primary theological barrier between the two major divisions of Muslims: Sunni and Shi'a, with the latter following Ali as the successor to Muhammad. The two groups also disagree on Ali's attitude towards Abu Bakr, and the two caliphs who succeeded him: Umar (or `Umar ibn al-Khattāb) and Uthman or (‘Uthmān ibn ‘Affān). Sunnis tend to stress Ali's acceptance and support of their rule, while the Shi'a claims that he distanced himself from them, and that he was being kept from fulfilling the religious duty that Muhammad had appointed to him. The Sunni Muslims say that if Ali was the rightful successor as ordained by God Himself, then it would have been his duty as the leader of the Muslim nation to make war with these people (Abu Bakr, Umar, and Uthman) until Ali established the decree. Shia claim, however, that Ali did not fight Abu Bakr, Umar or Uthman, because firstly he did not have the military strength and if he decided to, it would have caused a civil war amongst the Muslims, which was still a nascent community throughout the Arab world.
Shia empires.
The following pictures are examples of some of the Shia Islamic empires through history:

</doc>
<doc id="9868627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868627" title="Stewart Peak (Colorado)">
Stewart Peak (Colorado)

Stewart Peak, elevation , is a summit in Colorado. The peak is the second highest thirteener (a peak between 13,000 and 13,999 feet in elevation) in the state. It is located in the La Garita Mountains, sub-range of the San Juan Mountains, in Saguache County, within the La Garita Wilderness. Stewart Peak is the 55th highest peak in Colorado by most standard definitions, just missing the list of Colorado fourteeners. At one time, the peak's elevation was measured to be over 14,000 ft and it was believed to be a fourteener, but more recent and accurate surveys have dropped it below that threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="9868648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868648" title="KOLC">
KOLC

KOLC (97.3 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Carson City, Nevada, broadcasting to the Reno, Nevada area on 97.3 FM. KOLC broadcasts a country music format.
History.
On August 30, 2011, KZTQ (moved to 93.7 FM Sun Valley, NV) changed their call letters to KSGG and began stunting towards a new format, landing at Rhythmic CHR as "Swag 97.3." This marks a return to the format on this signal, as it was the original format of KWNZ during the 1990s and early 2000s prior to relocating to the 93.7 signal in 2004.
On March 18, 2013, KSGG began stunting, running a loop directing listeners to KSGG 1230 AM and FM translator K285EQ 104.9 FM.
On March 20, 2013, KSGG changed their call letters to KOLC. On March 25, 2013, at 12 Noon, KOLC launched a modern adult contemporary format, branded as "Little City 97.3".
On March 4, 2014, KOLC began stunting again, redirecting listeners to FM translator K223AL 92.5 FM in South Lake Tahoe (relays KLCA-HD3), which picked up the "Little City" modern AC format. The next day (March 5), KOLC ended stunting and launched a country music format, branded as "Ten Country @ 97.3".
Translators.
KOLC rebroadcasts on the following translators:

</doc>
<doc id="9868654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868654" title="Subsampling">
Subsampling

Subsampling or sub-sampling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9868694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868694" title="Ludwig Laqueur">
Ludwig Laqueur

Ludwig Laqueur (July 25, 1839 – April 20, 1909) was a German ophthalmologist born in Festenberg, Silesia. He was the father of historian Richard Laqueur (1881–1959).
He studied medicine in Breslau and Berlin, earning his doctorate in 1860. From 1863 to 1869 he worked as an assistant at Richard Liebreich's ophthalmological hospital in Paris. In 1872 he became an associate professor at the University of Strasbourg, where in 1877 he was appointed a full professor of ophthalmology. Among his assistants at Strasbourg was Paul Silex (1858-1929).
Laqueur is remembered for his research of physostigmine, a chemical substance found in the Calabar bean ("Physostigma venenosa") of West Africa. In 1876 he published "Ueber eine neue therapeutische Verwendung des Physostigmin", suggesting the use of physostigmine for the treatment of glaucoma . Laqueur noticed that extracts of the Calabar bean significantly lowered intraocular pressure. He could attest to these results first-hand, because Laqueur suffered from glaucoma, a fact that was kept secret from his medical colleagues until after his death. Laqueur died in Santa Margherita Ligure on April 20, 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="9868745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868745" title="George Buehler">
George Buehler

George Siegrist Buehler, Jr. (born August 10, 1947 in Whittier, California) is a former American football offensive lineman in the American Football League and the National Football League.
High school career.
Buehler played for Whittier High School and was the CIF Southern Section Player of the Year in 1964. While attending Whittier High George also competed on the Wrestling and Track Teams. In Track was a very successful Shot Putter/Discus Thrower, and, on the Wrestling Team, he was a four-year Varsity Heavyweight Champion, and, was the CIF Southern Section Heavyweight Champion in both his Jr.(1964) and Senior year 1965. See CIF SS Record Sports Information Records
College career.
Buehler played college football at Stanford University.
Pro career.
George Buehler played for the Oakland Raiders from 1969 to 1978. From 1969 to 1970, Buehler was a replacement. He became a starter at right offensive guard for the Raiders from 1971 to 1977, but was used sparingly in 1978, replaced by Mickey Marvin, and ending his career with the Cleveland Browns in 1978 and 1979. He was part of a particularly strong offensive line during the 1976 season, featuring interior linemates Dave Dalby at center and Gene Upshaw at left guard. In the 1976 AFC championship game of the 1976–77 NFL playoffs, the Raiders beat the Pittsburgh Steelers, rushing for 157 yards and passing for 88 yards. The Raiders then beat the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl XI, rushing for a whopping 266 yards and passing for 180 yards, as Buehler overpowered the opposing defensive tackle, Doug Sutherland (football player).
Personal.
His nephew, David Buehler was the placekicker for the 2007 USC Trojans football team. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 2009 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9868781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868781" title="Banlung">
Banlung

Banlung () is the capital of Ratanakiri Province in northeastern Cambodia. Banlung is 636 km from the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh. Ratanakiri province borders Vietnam and Laos. Banlung is also the capital of the Banlung District. The city has a population of around 17,000 and the surrounding district has a population of 23 888. The town became the capital of Ratanakiri province in 1979, following the fall of the Khmer Rouge. The capital was moved from Voen Sai to Banlung in order to facilitate trade with Vietnam (previous to Voen Sai the capital was Lumphat). Prior to 1979 the town was known as Labansiek. It is a relatively lively commercial center; ethnic minorities from surrounding villages often come to the city market to sell their goods.
Banlung district contains 16 villages located in three communes.
External links.
Big Stories, Small Towns http://bigstories.com.au/#/town/banlung an online documentary about the town of Banlung

</doc>
<doc id="9868784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868784" title="Carlo Tramonti">
Carlo Tramonti

Carlo Tramonti is a fictional character in the novels "The Godfather" and "The Godfather's Revenge". In the universe of the novels, he is the Don of the Tramonti crime family (inspired of New Orleans crime family) from 1931 to 1964.
Character overview.
Tramonti emigrates from Sicily as a young boy and settles in Florida. He exterminates rivals who were backed by police and takes over their gambling operations. He then opens ties with Cuba and Batista, supplying the dictator with illegal casinos and whorehouses.
By the 1950s, he owns a very luxurious Miami beach hotel. He also owns every business in New Orleans. He gets his nickname, "The Whale," by swallowing up every business that came his way. He is also a reputed womanizer and has many children out of wedlock. Over time, he and his brother, Agostino, establish the Tramonti family as a force to be reckoned with.
Tramonti is a minor character in Mario Puzo's original novel, but his actions in Mark Winegardner's 2006 sequel are of great significance to the plot. This novel explains that, in 1963, Tramonti is arrested by Immigrant agents at the behest of Attorney General Danny Shea. Angered by the embarrassment, he plans to kill President James Shea, the Attorney General's brother. In 1964, he sends hitman Juan Carlos Santiago to assassinate President Shea, and pins the murder on the novel's main antagonist, Nick Geraci. The novel's epilogue explains that, in 1968, he is called to an investigation committee about the president's assassination. Before he can testify, however, he is shot twice in the head in his car and stabbed with a meat cleaver.
Tramonti is largely based on Carlos Marcello and Tampa mob boss Santo Trafficante, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="9868805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868805" title="Volker Oppitz (footballer)">
Volker Oppitz (footballer)

Volker Oppitz (born 16 February 1978 in Dresden) is a former German footballer who played as a defender for Dynamo Dresden, where he also worked as managing director.
Career.
He broke into the Dynamo first-team in 2001 after the club had been relegated to the Oberliga, and has been a first-team regular ever since, through two promotions and one relegation. Oppitz suffered with injury towards the end of his career, and was forced to retire in June 2010, at which point Dynamo appointed him as managing director on an interim basis.
Personal life.
His father Volker, is honorary chairman of Dynamo Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="9868814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868814" title="Senmonorom">
Senmonorom

Senmonorom (also romanised as Sen Monorom) is the capital of Senmonorom District and Mondulkiri Province, Cambodia.
Senmonorom is the only major town in the province of Mondulkiri. With over 7000 inhabitants, 20 guesthouses, 12 restaurants, 2 bars and no post office, it is often compared to frontier towns in the old American west.
Senmonorom (and the Mondulkiri province in general) is inhabited by the indigenous Pnong people. Pnong tribesmen and tribeswomen are often seen walking along major highways. The town is popular with NGO workers, loggers, and tourists both from outside Cambodia and from Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh.
According to reports from Global Witness, the Mondulkiri province is facing a significant threat from illegal loggers attempting to exploit the area's virgin forests.
Due to rapid development, as well as mania caused by real estate speculation, land prices in Sen Monorom have boomed. Lots that cost $150 in 2008 went for three or four times as much two years later in 2010.
Sroh-Plom Mountain (translated as "Virtuous Woman's Breast Mountain") is a breast shaped hill located close to Senmonorom. Members of the Pnong ethnic group ascribe divine powers to the hill and every year hold festivals in the location.

</doc>
<doc id="9868815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868815" title="Gene Rhodes">
Gene Rhodes

Eugene (Gene) Stephen Rhodes (born September 2, 1927) is a retired American basketball player and coach.
Rhodes played college basketball at Western Kentucky University. While Rhodes was a player, WKU won the Ohio Valley Conference championship in 1949, 1950 and 1951, playing in the National Invitational Tournament in each of those seasons.
Rhodes played in the NBA for the Indianapolis Olympians.
Rhodes was later head basketball coach at St. Xavier High School, leading that team to the 1958 Kentucky state championship. 
In 1964, Rhodes later returned to WKU as an assistant coach under John Oldham, to 1968. In that time the team went to two NCAA tournaments and appeared once in the National Invitational Tournament.
During the inaugural season of the American Basketball Association the Kentucky Colonels started out with a record of 5-12, which led to the firing of head coach John Givens. Rhodes replaced Givens and guided the Colonels to fourth place in the Eastern Division. The Colonels lost the 1968 Eastern Division semifinals to the Minnesota Muskies 3 games to two.
In the 1968-1969 season Rhodes led the Colonels to a record of 42-36 which was good for third place in the Eastern Division. Rhodes also coached the East team in the ABA All Star game. The Colonels made history this season as Penny Early became the first female player in the history of professional basketball. In the playoffs, the Colonels lost a close series, 4 games to 3, to the Indiana Pacers.
During the 1969-1970 season the Colonels posted a record of 45 wins and 39 losses, claiming second place in the Eastern Division. The Colonels beat the New York Nets 4 games to 3 in the Eastern Division semifinals bust lost the Eastern Division finals to the Indiana Pacers, 4 games to 1.
Rhodes began the 1970-1971 season with a 10-5 record with the Colonels but was fired at that point. Alex Groza was briefly the Colonels' head coach for two games (winning both) and Frank Ramsey assumed the reins for the remainder of the season as the Colonels defeated the Miami Floridians 4 games to 2 in the Eastern Division semifinals, defeated the Virginia Squires 4 games to 2 in the Eastern Division finals but then lost a very close ABA Championship series, 4 games to 3, to the Utah Stars.
In 1973, Rhodes became general manager for the Kentucky Colonels.

</doc>
<doc id="9868819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868819" title="List of National Basketball Association top rookie scoring averages">
List of National Basketball Association top rookie scoring averages

This list exhibits the National Basketball Association's top rookie single-season scoring averages based on at least 70 games played "or" 1,400 points scored. The NBA began recording 3-point field goals during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9868823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868823" title="1921 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1921 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1921 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 16th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. In the playoff finals, newcomers Japan surprised Australia, 4-1, but would fall to defending champions the United States in the challenge round. The final was played at the West Side Tennis Club in New York City, United States on 2–5 September. 
Playoff.
Teams.
The tournament saw a boom in entries, with a record 12 teams entering to challenge for the cup. Argentina, Czechoslovakia, Denmark, India, Japan, the Philippines, and Spain all entered the tournament for the first time, although Argentina and the Philippines withdrew after the draw.

</doc>
<doc id="9868825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868825" title="Jonathan James">
Jonathan James

Jonathan Joseph James (December 12, 1983 – May 18, 2008) was an American hacker who was the first juvenile incarcerated for cybercrime in the United States. The South Florida native was 15 years old at the time of the first offense and 16 years old on the date of his sentencing. He died on May 18, 2008, of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Initial Department of Defense intrusion.
Between August 23, 1999, and October 27, 1999, James committed a series of intrusions into various systems, including those of BellSouth and the Miami-Dade school system. What brought him to the attention of federal authorities, however, was his intrusion into the computers of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, a division of the United States Department of Defense, the primary function of which is to analyze potential threats to the United States of America, both at home and abroad. James later admitted to authorities that he had installed an unauthorized backdoor in a computer server in Dulles, Virginia, which he used to install a sniffer that allowed him to intercept over three thousand messages passing to and from DTRA employees, along with numerous usernames and passwords of other DTRA employees, including at least 10 on official military computers.
It was later revealed that the precise software obtained was the International Space Station's source code controlling critical life-sustaining elements. According to NASA, "the software supported the International Space Station's physical environment, including control of the temperature and humidity within the living space." This intrusion, when detected, caused NASA to shut down its computers for three weeks that July, costing $41,000 to check and fix its systems.
Arrest, conviction and sentencing.
James' house was raided at approximately 6:00AM on January 26, 2000, by agents from the Department of Defense, NASA and local police. James was formally indicted six months later. On September 21, 2000, he entered into an agreement with U.S. Attorney Guy Lewis: he would plead guilty to two counts of juvenile delinquency in exchange for a lenient sentence.
James was sentenced to six months house arrest and probation until the age of eighteen, and was required to write letters of apology to NASA and the Department of Defense. He was also banned from using computers for recreational purposes. James later violated that probation when he tested positive for drug use and was then subsequently taken into custody by the United States Marshals Service and flown to an Alabama federal correctional facility where he ultimately served six months.
Legal experts have suggested that, given the extent of his intrusions, he could have served at least ten years for his crimes if he had been an adult. Both Attorney General Janet Reno and prosecuting attorney Guy Lewis issued statements claiming the James case was proof the Justice Department was willing to get tough with juvenile offenders accused of cybercrime.
Death.
In 2007, department chain TJX was the victim of a massive computer systems intrusion that compromised the personal and credit information of millions of customers. The same ring of hackers also committed intrusions on BJ's Wholesale Club, Boston Market, Barnes & Noble, Sports Authority, Forever 21, DSW, OfficeMax, and Dave & Buster's, and reportedly made a millionaire out of the group's ringleader, Albert Gonzalez. Though he denied having done anything, James—who was friends with some of the hackers involved—was investigated by the Secret Service, who raided James', his brother's, and his girlfriend's houses. Although they apparently discovered no connection to the intrusion, they did discover a legally registered firearm, which they did not take, and notes indicating he had considered killing himself; James' father would later say that his son had been prone to depression. The criminal complaint filed against the TJX hackers mention an additional, unnamed conspirator who was not indicted, who is identified only by the initials "J.J.". In 2004, this co-conspirator assisted one of the hackers in stealing credit card numbers, account numbers, and encrypted PINs from an OfficeMax store via Wi-Fi. These numbers were later allegedly provided to Albert Gonzalez, for whom "J.J." also opened a mail drop. James' father believes "J.J." to have been his son. However, it is plausible that the initials "J.J." may in fact have been referring to "Jim Jones", a (hacker) alias believed to be used by Stephen Watt who was a close friend of computer hacker and criminal Albert Gonzalez.
On May 18, 2008, Jonathan James was found dead in his shower with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. His suicide was apparently motivated by the belief that he would be prosecuted for crimes he had not committed. "I honestly, honestly had nothing to do with TJX," James wrote in his suicide note, "I have no faith in the 'justice' system. Perhaps my actions today, and this letter, will send a stronger message to the public. Either way, I have lost control over this situation, and this is my only way to regain control."

</doc>
