<doc id="9641778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641778" title="Radio Luxembourg (DRM)">
Radio Luxembourg (DRM)

Radio Luxembourg is the name of a commercial radio station on Digital Radio Mondiale (DRM). Begun in 2005, it has broadcast in many languages in conjunction with a television service operated from the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
History.
Radio Luxembourg in English from 1933 to 1939 and from 1946 to 1992 was an important forerunner of modern commercial radio in the United Kingdom. It was an effective way to advertise products by circumventing British broadcasting restrictions that were in place at the time. The English-language station broadcasting from the Grand Duchy closed down at the end of 1992.
The DRM service.
In 2005 the parent RTL company stated that the AM transmissions would not resume but that a full-time English service would begin on Digital Radio Mondiale (DRM). During August of that year, the parent operating company of Radio Luxembourg conducted digital test broadcasts to Great Britain on 7145 kHz using DRM. This culminated in the soft re-launch of Radio Luxembourg in English at 07:00 BST on September 12, 2005.
For a time Radio Luxembourg was heard at 7295 kHz DRM, but RTL has now discontinued DRM broadcasts on 7295 kHz throwing the future of the DRM station into doubt, although local DRM broadcasts are still on air in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Radio Luxembourg can also be heard with a live stream with a classic rock playlist. Its presenters include Lisa V, Benny Brown and Enda Caldwell.
Radio Luxembourg was hoping to broadcast in English on one of the two new digital national DAB services in the UK during 2008, if National Grid Wireless Limited won the licence. However, National Grid Wireless failed to win the license, so the long term future of English transmissions must now be in serious doubt. The station continues as an online service for the moment, although the service has not been updated with any new audio programming since 31 December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9641786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641786" title="List of The Buzz on Maggie episodes">
List of The Buzz on Maggie episodes

The following is an episode list for the television show "The Buzz on Maggie".

</doc>
<doc id="9641792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641792" title="Red Hot Poker (Yale)">
Red Hot Poker (Yale)

Red Hot Poker is a New Haven-based sketch comedy group at Yale University. The group performs 6 original full-length shows per year and also performs with other comedy groups.
Most recently they have performed with Purple Crayon of Yale University, The Oxford Revue of Oxford University, and comic duo Frangela.
Rush.
At the beginning of each academic year, Red Hot Poker begins its formal rush process. Potential new members attend open auditions to read sides from the previous years' shows. Callbacks are offered to the top auditionees. The group typically "taps" 3-5 new members per year.

</doc>
<doc id="9641801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641801" title="Edward William Cole">
Edward William Cole

Edward William Cole, also known as 'E. W. Cole of the Book Arcade', (4 January 183216 December 1918) was a bookseller and founder of the Book Arcade, Melbourne, Australia.
Early life.
Cole was born at Woodchurch near Tenterden, Kent, England, son of Amos Cole, labourer, and his wife Harriett. He received little education, his father died young, and, after his mother had married again, the boy ran away to London. In 1850, with £20, he migrated to the Cape Colony and had some success as a farmer and enjoyed botanical explorations. In November 1852 he migrated to Victoria (Australia). He spent some time on the diggings at various jobs.
Bookseller.
On 30 September 1865, Cole started a book shop at the Eastern market, Melbourne, with a stock of 600 volumes. His total takings at the end of October amounted to £15 12s., most of which was spent in buying fresh stock. He gradually prospered and became lessee of the whole of the market, most of which was sub-let to small stall-holders. He engaged a band, spent a comparatively large sum on advertising, and made the market a popular resort. Though Cole had little education he read a great deal, and in 1867, under the pseudonym of "Edwic", he published "The Real Place in History of Jesus and Paul", which is largely a discussion on the validity of miracles. The last paragraph of the book stated that it had been written largely to show what Jesus was not, and that he hoped to publish another book showing "what he really was and Paul also, namely that they were two honest visionaries". No one in Melbourne or Sydney would publish it. 
In 1874 Cole took a building fronting on Bourke Street near the market, and opened his first "book arcade". This business was successful and he also continued renting the market until 1881, when he was unable to secure a renewal of the lease on sufficiently favourable terms. He then began negotiations for a building lower down Bourke Street near the general post office.
Cole's Book Arcade.
Cole's Book Arcade was opened on 27 January 1883 and grew into one of the great book businesses of Australia. It became known as 'the prettiest sight in Melbourne'. Such was its renown that Cole's Book Arcade was visited by writers Rudyard Kipling and Mark Twain during their travels to Australia. The shop was extended to Little Collins Street and afterwards buildings on the other side were bought through to the Collins Street frontage. The statement that there was once a stock of two million books is manifestly absurd, but the arcade certainly had one of the largest stocks of books in the world. Members of the public were invited to walk through the arcade, and to spend as much time as they liked turning over the books or even reading them. A large second hand department was on the first floor, where a band played every afternoon. The business continued to prosper and Cole eventually opened various new departments including one of printing. 
Publications including Funny Picture Books.
He compiled a large number of popular books, of which "Cole's Funny Picture Book", which was launched with great publicity on Christmas Eve 1879, and "Cole's Fun Doctor" were most successful, their sales running into many hundreds of thousands. 
Publications: Horticulture books.
Cole also had great success publishing gardening and horticultural literature. "Cole’s Penny Garden Guide" was abridged from the Law Somner and Co. Handbook to the Garden (1880), a device much used by Cole. His biggest garden success was "Cole’s Australasian Gardening and Domestic Floriculture" (1897) by William Elliott. He also published Hamilton McEwin’s "The Fruitgrower’s Handbook" and two books by A. E. Cole, and reprinted others, such as John Lockley’s "Rose Growing Made Easy", under his imprint. Cole’s "The Happifying Gardening Hobby" (1918), an endearing anthology of words and pictures, embodied his altruistic wish for universal health and happiness. Historian Ken Duxbury describes this work as a ‘sort of horticultural version’ of "Cole’s Funny Picture Book". Cole also edited a booklet entitled "Cotton Growing: the coming leading industry in Australia" in 1905 and in 1913, the second edition of "The Fruitgrower’s Handbook". Over the next two years, he published two works by A. E. Cole (no relation) "The Bouquet: Australian flower gardening" and "The Australian Floral Almanac".
Personal Life and Legacy.
Cole married Eliza Frances Jordan in 1875, who predeceased him, dying on 15 March 1911. Cole himself died in Melbourne on 16 December 1918 and was buried in Boroondara Cemetery. Two sons and three daughters survived him. 
Cole's establishment had a considerable effect on the culture of Melbourne. The business was continued for about 10 years after his death, when the executors decided to close it and sell the properties which had now become very valuable. A member of his family bought the goodwill, and the shop was continued for another 10 years in Swanston Street on a comparatively small scale.

</doc>
<doc id="9641802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641802" title="Rotherham by-election, 1994">
Rotherham by-election, 1994

The Rotherham by-election was held on 5 May 1994, following the death of Labour Party Member of Parliament for Rotherham Jimmy Boyce.
Boyce had won the seat only at the 1992 general election, but it had been continuously held by Labour since 1933, usually with a large majority. As a result, Labour were clear favourites to hold at the by-election.
Labour decided to stand Denis MacShane, the director of the European Policy Institute. A former journalist and trade union employee, he had unsuccessfully contested Solihull at the October 1974 general election.
The Conservative Party had taken a distant second place in 1992, and having lost the previous two by-elections of the term to the Liberal Democrats, they were not hopeful of gaining ground. They chose to stand Nick Gibb, a chartered accountant working for KPMG. The Liberal Democrats had taken less than one eighth of the votes cast in 1992, a significant decrease from the previous election. Despite this, they stood the same candidate, David Wildgoose.
Two other candidates stood: Screaming Lord Sutch of the Official Monster Raving Loony Party, and Keith Laycock of the Natural Law Party.
Results.
As expected, MacShane easily won the seat, although, disappointingly for the main opposition party, his vote was more than eight percent down on Boyce's. Wildgoose improved his fortunes, more than doubling his vote, and taking second place. Gibb took less than ten percent of the votes, falling to a distant third place. Sutch was able to record his best ever result, taking 1,114 votes and a 4.2% share - within a percentage point of the Loonies retaining a deposit for the first time.
At the 1997 general election, MacShane retained the seat, with an increased majority. Wildgoose also stood, but proved unable to equal his performance in 1994, and by 2001 moved to contest Wentworth. Gibb became one of the few Conservatives to enter Parliament in 1997, winning Bognor Regis and Littlehampton. Sutch stood in several subsequent by-elections, but was never able to beat his total in Rotherham.

</doc>
<doc id="9641813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641813" title="Affiliated unions of the Canadian Labour Congress">
Affiliated unions of the Canadian Labour Congress

The organizations listed below constitute the Canadian Labour Congress, the national federation of trade unions:

</doc>
<doc id="9641817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641817" title="Minnesota v. Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa Indians">
Minnesota v. Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa Indians

Minnesota v. Mille Lacs Band of Chippewa Indians, 526 U.S. 172 (1999), was a United States Supreme Court decision concerning the usufructuary rights of the Ojibwe (Chippewa) tribe to certain lands it had ceded to the federal government in 1837. The Court ruled that the Ojibwe retained certain hunting, fishing, and gathering rights on the ceded land.
Background.
Under the authority of the Treaty of St. Peters of 1837 (), also known as the "White Pine Treaty," the Ojibwe (Chippewa) Nations ceded a vast tract of lands stretching from what now is north-central Wisconsin to east-central Minnesota. Article 5 of the treaty states, "The privilege of hunting, fishing, and gathering the wild rice, upon the lands, the rivers and the lakes included in the territory ceded, is guarantied to the Indians, during the pleasure of the President of the United States."
The states of Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin were later formed from the ceded territory. The government officials of these states asserted authority over hunting and fishing rights without regard for the treaty rights reserved by the Ojibwe.
From the 1960s to the 1990s, various bands of Ojibwe attempted to reassert their fishing rights on the Great Lakes. Those who did so were commonly arrested or harassed. This led to a series of lawsuits and protracted legal battles in each of the three states. The conflict culminated in the U.S. Supreme Court decision "Minnesota v. Mille Lacs" (1999).
Decision.
The Court affirmed the rights of the Ojibwe to hunt, fish, and gather on the lands ceded by treaty, contingent upon a set of guidelines to protect the Great Lakes fisheries. This decision is an important victory for proponents of Native American sovereignty.

</doc>
<doc id="9641819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641819" title="Stephen, Stephen">
Stephen, Stephen

"Stephen, Stephen" is a song by The Apples in Stereo. The song made its debut on December 20, 2006 on the Comedy Central program "The Colbert Report" where it was performed by Apples frontman, Robert Schneider during Episode number 193.
The song glorifies the host of "The Colbert Report", Stephen Colbert. In the opening lyrics of the song, Schneider sings "who's the television host/understands what matters most" to which the answer is constantly the "handsome" and "dashing" Stephen. Schneider also makes reference to Colbert's grudge against The Decemberists (whose guitarist, Chris Funk, appeared in the same episode of the show) with the lines "he's calling out the bears in their evil lairs/he's calling out the press in their fancy dress/he's calling out The Decemberists and their Green Screen Contest".
Soon after the show aired, a studio version of the song was made available for download on the band's MySpace page.
It was included on the B-sides and rarities collection "Electronic Projects for Musicians" in 2008.
The song was also covered by R. Stevie Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="9641824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641824" title="Ping Tom">
Ping Tom

Ping Tom (April 15, 1935 – July 7, 1995) (; pinyin: Tān Jìpíng) was an American businessman and civic leader in Chicago. He was also the uncle of American actress Lauren Tom.
Biography.
Early life.
Mr. Tom was the youngest of eight children. His mother, Lillian Goo, married Tom Y. Chan after her sister, Mary Goo, Tom Y. Chan's first wife, died from influenza. Mary Goo had two children: Florence and Grace. Lillian had six children: Priscilla, Helene, Eunice, Mary, Tom (Chung) and Ping.
Marriage and children.
Ping Tom married Valerie Ching (born September 15, 1934) of Honolulu, Hawaii on October 11, 1958. They met in Chicago while Mr. Tom was attending law school at Northwestern and Valerie attended the Gregg Court Reporting School, which was then associated with Northwestern. They had two children:
Education.
Mr. Tom attended Haines School in Chinatown. He then won a high-school scholarship to Francis W. Parker School in Chicago. Mr. Tom won the Parker scholarship over his best friend, Robert Henry Lawrence, Jr., who went on to become the first African-American astronaut. Mr. Tom graduated from Parker in 1952. Both of his sons, Darryl (Class of 1988) and Curtis (Class of 1990), as well as Trace Lawrence (Class of 1977), Mr. Lawrence's son, also attended Francis W. Parker School.
In an article Mr. Tom wrote for the Parker "Weekly" in 1988, he stated that his experience at Parker shaped and influenced his life in two ways. First, Parker's atmosphere of encouragement helped him build self-confidence. Second, Parker's diversity taught him to develop "mutual respect and caring for those of a different race, ethnicity and religion." In fact, he noted that he had not known a Jewish person until he attended Parker.
Mr. Tom then attended Northwestern University where he entered a special six-year dual degree program to obtain a bachelor's degree concurrently with a Juris Doctor from Northwestern University School of Law, receiving his B.A. in Economics in 1956 and his J.D. in 1958.
Family Businesses.
-Vice president, 1966–72; President, 1972-1995
-Vice president, 1958-1966; President, 1972-1995
-President, 1980-1995
-President, 1980-1995
-President, 1980-1995
Chinese Trading Company and Chinese Noodle Company were founded by Tom Y. Chan. The other companies were acquired by the Tom family later.
After his older brother, Chung, died of a heart attack in 1980, Mr. Tom became president of all of the above companies. His sisters, Helene, Eunice, and Mary also worked for the family business, as did his nephews, Jan Wong (Eunice's son) and Chip Tom (Chung's son).
Civic activities.
Mr. Tom was a leader not only in the Chinese community, but in the broader Asian American community as well. His beaming smile and calm demeanor endeared him to people of all backgrounds. Friends say that he had a natural ability resolve differences among people. He was one of the thirteen original founders of the Asian American Coalition of Chicago, an organization that annually brings together diverse Asian communities, including Chinese, Indian, Pakistani, Japanese, Korean, Indonesian, Thai, Vietnamese, and Cambodian, among others.
Furthermore, some say that because he was a second generation native English speaker, he had an easier time working with mainstream (non-Asian) organizations and even politicians. Mr. Tom was an advisor to U.S. Senators (Paul Simon, Carol Moseley-Braun), Illinois governors (James R. Thompson, Jim Edgar), and Chicago mayors (the late Harold Washington and Richard M. Daley).
Outside of family and the family businesses, Mr. Tom's greatest achievement was his work on Chinatown Square, a $100 million plus residential and commercial expansion of Chinatown on of land purchased from the Santa Fe Railroad. As president of the Chinese American Development Corporation, founded in 1984, he unfortunately did not have the chance to see the bustling development that it has become. It was his desire to expand Chinatown so that there would be more room for his fellow Chinese to live and work. He was recently recognized as one of Chicago magazine's top 40 Chicago pioneers for his efforts.
Death and honors.
Following his sudden death in 1995 due to pancreatic cancer, Mr. Tom's wish that a park be built for Chinatown residents came true on October 2, 1999, when the Chicago Park District dedicated the Ping Tom Memorial Park next to the Chinatown Square in his name. In 2005, a bust of Mr. Tom was installed in the park to commemorate the 10th anniversary of his death.
The Asian American Coalition of Chicago has since named its highest award, the Pan Asian American award, after him in his honor.
Notes.
Chronological information about Tom Chan comes from notes prepared by his oldest daughter, Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="9641834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641834" title="Charles Woodruff Shields">
Charles Woodruff Shields

Charles Woodruff Shields, DD (1825, New Albany, Indiana – 1904) was an American theologian. He graduated from the College of New Jersey (later Princeton) in 1844 and at Princeton Theological Seminary in 1847. 
After holding two pastorates he returned (1866) to Princeton College to take up the position of professor of the harmony of science and revealed religion, which had been established for him. In 1898 he took orders in the Episcopal church, but retained his chair till his death. 
In 1861 he produced an essay entitled "Philosophia Ultima". This was in effect a manifesto for a grand unity of academic disciplines, setting forth a scheme of scholarship which should fully reconcile science and Christian religion, which he considered the academic culture of the United States uniquely qualified to advance. 
His studies at Princeton resulted in the expansion of this essay into "The Final Philosophy, or system of perfectible knowledge issuing from the harmony of science and religion" (1877), and eventually in "Philosophia Ultima" (three volumes, 1888–1905), with a memoir by William Milligan Sloane.
He also published:

</doc>
<doc id="9641897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641897" title="Jennie">
Jennie

"For the Douglas Preston novel, see Jennie (novel)."
"For the name, see Jennifer (given name)"
Jennie is a musical with a book by Arnold Schulman, music by Arthur Schwartz, and lyrics by Howard Dietz, and starred Mary Martin.
The plot focuses on actors and married couple Jennie Malone and James O'Connor, who tour the country in popular melodramas. Much of the action consists of elaborate spoofs of the type of entertainment offered to audiences in the early 20th century.
Background.
In the late 1950s, the project began as an account of actress Laurette Taylor's early life and career, based on a biography written by her daughter Marguerite Courtney. While it was still in its early stages, a non-musical adaptation of the book starring Judy Holliday closed after a week in New Haven. Undaunted, the creative team forged ahead, tailoring what was then called "Blood and Thunder" specifically for the talents of Mary Martin who, with her husband Richard Halliday, agreed to produce the show with Cheryl Crawford. Martin and Halliday financed half of the $500,000 production costs and Crawford and Alan Pakula the other half.
S. N. Behrman used Taylor's son Dwight's biography as a source for the musical's book, which centered on Taylor's husband Charles and the various women in his life, all portrayed by Martin. His book ultimately was abandoned, and Shulman was called in to write a new version, which fictionalized the story and its characters. The end result bore no resemblance to either the original concept or Taylor.
Productions.
"Jennie" was plagued with problems from the start. In Boston, 
the major character of Jennie's second husband (J. Hartley Manners, who was to be played by Robin Bailey) was eliminated, and Carol Haney replaced Matt Mattox as choreographer. Schwartz sued the "Boston Globe" and its critic Kevin Kelly, on the basis that his review implied the composer had "stolen or plagiarized" from other composers. In summarizing the Boston reviews, "The New York Times" noted that while the critics unanimously praised Martin, they were "disappointed" in the show. It was "too long, too cultured, and sometimes even too solemn for its own good", according to Elliot Norton of "The Record American". 
In Detroit, the leading man was replaced (George Wallace replaced Dennis O'Keefe), and animosity developed between Schwartz and Dietz and the Hallidays, who decided not to bring the show to New York City. When the composers threatened to sue the couple for the $1.35 million advance sale, they agreed to open as scheduled.
The musical opened on Broadway at the Majestic Theatre on October 17, 1963 and closed on December 28, 1963, after 82 performances and four previews. Directed by Vincent J. Donehue, choreographed by Matt Mattox (official IBDB credits) and with costumes by Irene Sharaff, the cast included George D. Wallace as O'Connor, Robin Bailey as Cromwell, Jack De Lon as Abe O'Shaughnessy, Jeremiah Morris as The Bear, Sydney Harris, and Indian Fakir, and Ethel Shutta as Nellie Malone.
The critics were delighted by the score and Martin's slapstick antics but found little else to praise. Howard Taubman, in "The New York Times" wrote: "Not that Miss Martin has lost her luster...she continues to be a game and resourceful trouper, willing to do an impossible backbend while being carried aloft and game enough to let herself be whirled head over heels on a torture rack and come up smiling and belting out a top note." Walter Kerr reviewing in the "Herald Tribune" wrote: "a woeful tale of some woeful people told in a woeful way." This was Martin's first Broadway flop (though she starred in "Nice Goin'" and "Dancing in the Streets" which closed out-of-town).
Synopsis.
In 1906 Jennie Malone and James O'Connor tour the United States in popular melodramas; they are both an acting team and married couple. In a small town in South Dakota, Jennie is appearing in the play "The Mountie Gets His Man, or Chang Lu, King of the White Slaver", and must perch on a tree limb, which lowers her over a fake waterfall. In another play, Jennie plays Shalimar in "The Sultan's Last Bride" with bells on her fingers. Jennie and James, with cane and straw hat, do a soft-shoe dance in another show. 
When Jennie leaves her husband the English playwright Christopher Lawrence Cromwell offers her work.
Recording.
An original cast recording was released by RCA Victor (ASIN: B000003F4Z) in October 1963.
References.
"Not Since Carrie: Forty Years of Broadway Musical Flops" by Ken Mandelbaum, published by St. Martin's Press (1991), pages 53–55 (ISBN 0-312-06428-4)

</doc>
<doc id="9641900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641900" title="Restricted free agent">
Restricted free agent

A restricted free agent is a professional athlete who plays in the KHL, NFL, NHL, or NBA. Such players have special restrictions on the terms under which they can retain or change employment status with their athletic club teams. 
NFL.
In the National Football League, a restricted free agent (RFA) is one with three accrued seasons (six or more regular season games with a team) of service, who has received a "qualifying" offer (a salary level predetermined by the Collective Bargaining Agreement between the league and its players, known as a "tender") from his current club. He can negotiate with any club through a certain date. If the restricted free agent accepts an offer sheet from a new club, his old club has "right of first refusal," a five-day period in which it may match the offer and retain him, or choose not to match the offer, in which case it may receive one or more draft picks for the upcoming draft from the player's new club. If an offer sheet is not executed, the player's rights revert to his old club the day after negotiations must end.
Tender amounts.
In 2007, a second-round tender offer was added, and after the 2011 lockout, the top tender was removed. The three tender amounts for 2013 are as follows:
Each player that signs a tender receives the one-year salary that corresponds to the tender level. Teams which choose not to match an offer on a player with a low tender receive a draft pick corresponding to the round in which the player was originally drafted (except that the highest pick that can be surrendered for such a tender is a second-round pick). For example, a player who was originally drafted in the sixth round of the NFL Draft would force the team signing him to give his former team a sixth-round pick in the upcoming draft as compensation for his service. No compensation is required for an undrafted player on the lowest tender amount, so teams with valued undrafted RFAs are taking a notable risk by offering such tenders. (The top tender prior to 2011 required first- and third-round picks as compensation.)
Examples of possible outcomes.
In addition to the following outcomes, if a player does not receive an offer sheet from his original team, he becomes an unrestricted free agent. If a player signs the offer sheet from his original team, he remains with that team.
NHL.
A player who is no longer considered to be entry-level, but does not qualify as an unrestricted free agent, becomes a restricted free agent when his contract expires. A player may only declare himself to be an unrestricted free agent if he is over the age of 27 or has played in the league for a minimum of 7 years.
Qualifying offers.
The current team must extend a "qualifying offer" to a restricted free agent to retain negotiating rights to that player. Qualifying Offers are for one year contracts. The minimum salary for the Qualifying Offer depends on the player's prior year salary.
Players who earned less than $660,000 in the previous season must be offered 110 percent of last season's salary. Players making up to $1 million must be offered 105 percent. Players making over $1 million must be offered 100 percent. 
Possible outcomes.
If a player accepts a Qualifying Offer, he then signs a one year contract with his current team under the terms of the offer. If the player rejects the Qualifying Offer, or has not yet accepted it he is able to negotiate Offer Sheets with other teams. Qualifying Offers are required for a team to retain a player's rights, but in most cases the player and team will agree to a contract differing from the Qualifying Offer. Should the player sign an Offer Sheet with another team, his current team is notified and can no longer negotiate a new contract or trade the player rights to another team. The current team has 7 days to make a decision whether to match the Offer Sheet, or decline and receive draft pick compensation from the team making the Offer Sheet.
For example:
At any point during the negotiation process, if the player has been in the NHL for longer than 4 years (less if the player signed his first contract after the age of 20), either the player or his current team may file for Salary Arbitration as a means of settling a contract dispute. At this point the player may no longer sign an Offer Sheet. The deadline to file for Salary Arbitration is July 5th with cases being heard between late July and early August.
A team can take a player to arbitration once in his career. Players may request salary arbitration as often as they please.
NBA.
Players in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with four or less years of experience may become restricted free agents under certain conditions.
KHL.
Kontinental Hockey League players under 28 years of age as of July 1 of a given calendar year whose contracts are expired are considered restricted free agents. Just like the NHL and the NBA, the original team of a player who signed an offer sheet tendered by another team has seven days to match the offer sheet. However, unlike its North American counterpart, teams that decide not to match offer sheets collect transfer fees instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9641906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641906" title="Daría">
Daría

"Daría" ("I Would Give") is a song recorded and performed by Spanish/Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación. The song is the third of four radio singles from the band's second studio album, "Flores de Alquiler". The track can also be found on the compilation album "Now Esto Es Musica! Latino". An acoustic version of "Daría" can be found on the band's "Acústico" album.

</doc>
<doc id="9641907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641907" title="The Example">
The Example

The Example is a Caroline era stage play, a comedy written by James Shirley, first published in 1637. The play has repeatedly been acclaimed both as one of Shirley's best comedies and one of the best works of its generation. And it provides one of the clearest demonstrations in Shirley's canon of the influence of the works of Ben Jonson on the younger dramatist's output.
The play was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on 24 June 1634. Like the majority of Shirley's plays, "The Example" was acted by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre. The 1637 quarto was printed by John Norton for the booksellers Andrew Crooke and William Cooke, the stationers who issued five plays by Shirley in that year alone. The quarto shows signs of having been printed from the author's working drafts or "foul papers," making it highly unusual among the early printed editions of Shirley's plays.
Synopsis.
The drama portrays a profligate lord named Fitzavarice, and his involvement with Sir Walter Peregrine and his wife. Pressed by massive debts, especially to Lord Fitzavarice, Sir Walter takes up soldiering and becomes a captain. While Captain Peregrine is absent on his military service, Fitzavarice attempts to seduce Mistress Peregrine, offering to discharge her husband's debts if she submits to him. She resists his importunities, and faints when he tries to force her. Guilt and embarrassment work a reformation on him: Fitzavarice presents her with the mortgage, and adds a precious jewel in admiration of her steadfastness. 
At this critical juncture Sir Walter returns, having travelled home clandestinely, risking arrest for debt. Learning about the surrender of the mortgage, he assumes the worst and challenges Fitzavarice to a duel. The Lord accepts, but his second, a follower named Confident Rapture, arranges for the Captain to be apprehended for debt and so save his master the risks of single combat. Fitzavarice, however, pays the Captain's remaining debts and arranges for his release from prison. Peregrine now realizes his error and accepts his wife's virtue; but when he attempts to reconcile with Fitzavarice, the Lord refuses him, and insists that they meet on the "field of honor." When both are wounded in their combat, the demands of honor are satisfied; the two men become friends.
"The Example" employs the multiple-plot structure typical of Shirley's plays. The secondary plot (or first subplot) involves the comical suitors that are a fixture of Shirley's comic domain. Jacinta has two ridiculous rival suitors, Vainman and Pumicestone. She playfully torments them, insisting that Vainman never speak in her presence, while Pumicestone must do the opposite of whatever she commands. Jacinta is also courted by Confident Rapture, who has a sinister plan to prostitute her to Lord Fitzavarice; and by the Lord himself, who loves her sincerely. 
The third-level plot concerns the uncle of Mistress Peregrine and Jacinta, Sir Solitary Plot, "a character compounded of Jonson's Morose in "Epicene" and Jonson's Sir Politic Would-Be in "Volpone."" The result is an interesting study of paranoia in a 17th-century context: Sir Solitary sees enemies everywhere, and hides in his residence for safety. His servants Dormant and Oldrat are similar Jonsonian "humors" characters. Sir Solitary is jolted out of his obsession by a real but beneficent plot, engineered by Jacinta.

</doc>
<doc id="9641912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641912" title="Tennis at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's doubles">
Tennis at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's doubles

The men's doubles event at the 2000 Summer Olympics as part of the tennis program was held in the Tennis Centre, Sydney Olympic Park.
Seeds.
The top three seeds received byes into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="9641924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641924" title="Niña (song)">
Niña (song)

"Niña" ("Girl") is a song recorded and performed by Spanish/Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación. The song is the fourth and final radio single from the band's second studio album, "Flores de Alquiler". It reached number 36 on the U.S. "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9641925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641925" title="Mandrill (disambiguation)">
Mandrill (disambiguation)

The Mandrill is the world's largest species of monkey.
Mandrill may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9641926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641926" title="Timothy Augustine Coghlan">
Timothy Augustine Coghlan

Sir Timothy Augustine Coghlan KCMG (9 June 1856 – 30 April 1926) was an Australian statistician, holding the post of New South Wales government statistician for 19 years.
Early life.
Coghlan was born in Sydney, the second son of Thomas Coghlan of Irish Roman Catholic extraction. He was educated at Sydney Grammar School and in 1873 joined the public works department, becoming assistant-engineer of harbours and rivers in 1884. 
Statistical career.
When the New South Wales department of statistics was created, Coghlan was appointed government statistician and began his duties early in 1886. The appointment was much criticized, but Coghlan held the position for 19 years and showed great industry and ability. He published in 1887 the first issue of "The Wealth and Progress of New South Wales" which continued to appear almost at yearly intervals. The thirteenth issue covered the years 1900-1. In 1895 appeared "Statistics of the Seven Colonies of Australasia 1861 to 1894", called in later issues "A Statistical Account of the Seven Colonies of Australasia". These books vied in interest and value with the admirable works that Henry Heylyn Hayter of Victoria had begun issuing at earlier dates. Other volumes issued by Coghlan included "Handbook to the Statistical Register of the Colony of New South Wales", first issue 1886, and various pamphlets on statistical subjects. He was also the author of "Picturesque New South Wales", a popular illustrated guide-book, and he collaborated with T. T. Ewing in "The Progress of Australasia in the Nineteenth Century", published in 1903. 
Other work.
Coghlan was also registrar of Friendly Societies from 1892 to 1905, a member of the public service board from 1896 to 1900, chairman of board of old age pensions 1901-5, and was president of the economics and statistics section at the 1902 meeting of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science. 
In 1905 Coghlan was appointed Agent-General for the state of New South Wales at London and held the position until his death apart from three short breaks. Coghlan was well qualified for this role and to deal with the many loans floated in London. Coghlan also promoted emigration to Australia. He published in 1918 in four volumes his most important book, "Labour and Industry in Australia from the first Settlement in 1788 to the Establishment of the Commonwealth in 1901". It is a history of labour, not a history of the labour movement, nor a history of Australia, but it should prove a mine of information for the future historian of Australia. It is especially valuable for its information about the prices of commodities and the consequent effect on the social life of the people. Coghlan was still carrying out his duties, and apparently in good health, when he died suddenly at London on 30 April 1926. His funeral was held at St Mary's, Cadogan Street; his remains are in a mausoleum at Kensal Green Cemetery.
In 1897 he married Helen, daughter of D. C. Donnelly, M.L.A., who survived him with a son and a daughter. Coghlan was awarded the Imperial Service Order in 1903, was knighted in 1914 and created K.C.M.G. in 1918. 

</doc>
<doc id="9641955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641955" title="Acústico (La 5ª Estación album)">
Acústico (La 5ª Estación album)

Acústico is a studio album/DVD combination from Spanish/Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación. The album features acoustic renditions of songs that were originally recorded on the band's first two albums, "Primera Toma" and "Flores De Alquiler".

</doc>
<doc id="9641957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641957" title="2007 Web Cartoonists' Choice Awards">
2007 Web Cartoonists' Choice Awards

The Web Cartoonists' Choice Awards is an award voted on by webcartoonists. The nominations were announced in January 2007 and the results in February 2007. 2007 marked the first live ceremony for the awards.
The introduction for the online ceremony is by Welton Colbert, the halftime show by Chris Kirk of "Sock'd" and closing ceremonies by Travis Riddle of "Retards 101" and "Monsters".
Outstanding Comic.
Presented by Steve Napierski of "Dueling Analogs" and "The Outer Circle"
Outstanding Newcomer.
Presented by Jess Calcaben of "Dreams in Synergy"
Outstanding Artist.
Presented by Derrick Fish of "Dandy and Company"
Outstanding Writer.
Temporarily hosted by Welton Colbert
Outstanding Layout.
Presented by Emily Kuznia of "Evilish"
Outstanding Black And White Art.
Presented by Jon Scrivens of "Little Terrors!"
Outstanding Use of Color.
Presented by Whitney June Robinson of "Alma Mater"
Outstanding Photographic Comic.
Presented by Evan Nichols of "Ask Dr. Eldrtch"
Outstanding Character Rendering.
Presented by Anthony Clark of Nedroid.com
Outstanding Environment Design.
Presented by Fesworks of "P.S.I." and artist of "Ardra"
Outstanding Use of the Medium.
Presented by Eric F Myers of ericfmyers.com
Outstanding Website Design.
Presented by Michael Dyer of "Heroes in Audio Land"
Outstanding Character Writing.
Presented by Robert Monroe of "Out There"
Outstanding Dramatic Comic.
Presented by Kane Lynch of "Quamran"
Outstanding Comedic Comic.
Presented by Katie Cook of "Katie Can Draw"
Outstanding Long Form Comic.
Presented by Alex Jeffries of "The Drivel"
Outstanding Short Form Comic.
Presented by Alvaro Lopez-Moreno of "Bad Hair Day"
Outstanding Single Panel Comic.
Presented by Adam Holwerda of "JGotSpys"
Outstanding Anthropomorphic Comic.
Presented by Jon Stelter of "Fletcher Apts."
Outstanding Fantasy Comic.
Presented by Kel McDonald of "Sorcery 101"
Outstanding Gaming Comic.
Presented by Behrooz Shahriari of "AcidDica"
Outstanding Slice-of-Life Comic.
Presented by Bryan Chojnowski of "Muffin Time"
Outstanding Romantic Comic.
Presented by Philip Spence of "Ninja Bunny"
Outstanding Science Fiction Comic.
Presented by G.M.Mercado of "Wind Riders"
Outstanding Superhero / Action Comic.
Presented by Erik Kjerland of "Action Figure Comics"

</doc>
<doc id="9641960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641960" title="Hajong language">
Hajong language

Hajong (হাজং) is an Indo-Aryan language with Tibeto-Burman roots spoken by more than 175,000 ethnic Hajong in the states of Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and West Bengal in India and the Mymensingh District in Bangladesh. It is written in the Assamese script, and it is being supplanted by the Assamese language in India. Hajong was originally a Tibeto-Burman language, but it was linguistically mixed with Bengali and Assamese.
Sub-Clans of Hajong.
There are 10 Sub-clans or Nikni(in Hajong) found in Hajongs, some of these are as below,
Writing system.
The Hajong language is written using both the Latin and the Assamese scripts. Although both of these scripts are in use in India, the Hajongs in Bangladesh expect to use the Bengali script since most education is in Bangla medium. Often, for writing Hajong, the Assamese script is used. In each script, there is one added unique symbol for the close, back, unrounded vowel /ɯ/. In Latin script, it is written with "â". In Bengali script with "অৗ" or "কৗ" when it is syllable final.
Phonology.
Hajong has 22 consonant phonemes, 2 approximants which have some characteristics of consonants namely /w/ and /j/, and 6 vowel phonemes. The vowel phonemes are /a/, /i/, /u/, /e/, /o/, and /ɯ/ (close, back, unrounded). It is somewhat ambiguous whether the final vowel is a phoneme or an allophone of in the environment of other close vowels. The extra vowel /ɯ/ is not present in other Indo-Aryan languages, but is typical for the Tibeto-Burman family. The phonology of Hajong includes some vowel harmony and the devoicing of final consonants.
Grammar.
As Hajong is an Eastern Indo-Aryan language, it behaves largely like those in its class, especially Bangla, with respect to word order and other basic grammatical features. Only significant differences are noted here. Hajong does not conjugate verbs in the same way Bangla or Asamiya do, but rather has a simplified system. Grierson documents this from the early 20th century as follows:
Note that not all of his observations of Hajong from the early 1900s still apply.
The case endings in Hajong are also unique compared to other Indo-Aryan languages and may represent affinity with Tibeto Burman languages. The following table is taken from Phillips:
Further reading.
Haldar, Gopal. 1986. A comparative grammar of East Bengali dialects. Calcutta: Puthipatra.

</doc>
<doc id="9641975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9641975" title="Dónde Irán">
Dónde Irán

"Dónde Irán" ("Where will they go") is La 5ª Estación's first single release from their first studio album, "Primera toma".
The song was used as the theme to the Mexican Novela, "Clase 406", the soap opera before "Rebelde".

</doc>
<doc id="9642003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642003" title="AB5">
AB5

AB5 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9642016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642016" title="Lawrence Saldanha">
Lawrence Saldanha

He also earned a doctorate in systematic theology from Rome-based Pontifical Urbaniana University. He participated in the Second Vatican Council.
He served in different parishes in Lahore. He served from 1971-74 as editor of the Catholic Naqib, the Archdiocese’s Urdu bimonthly. He was also rector of Christ the King Seminary in Karachi from 1974–1979 and taught dogmatic theology there until 1983.
From 1986-98 he was head of the social communications commission and WAVE Studio, the Church's national audiovisual center in Lahore. He also headed the UCA News bureau in Pakistan.
He was serving as associate pastor of Precious Blood Church in Toronto, Canada, when he was recalled to serve the Church in Pakistan. On 24 Apr 2001 he was appointed Archbishop of Lahore by Pope John Paul II. He took as his motto "Heralds of Hope".
On 16 January 2010, Archbishop Saldanha celebrated his Golden Jubilee as a priest, of serving his church for 50 years.
On 7 April 2011 Archbishop Saldanha retired as Archbishop of Lahore.
Saldanha also served as the first executive secretary of Caritas Pakistan from 1966–73, chairman of Radio Veritas Asia, and president of the Federation of Asian Bishops' Conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="9642027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642027" title="Perdición">
Perdición

"Perdición" is a song recorded and performed by Spanish/Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación. The song is the second of three radio singles from the band's debut studio album, "Primera Toma". An acoustic version was later released as a single for the band's "Acústico (La 5ª Estación album)" album.

</doc>
<doc id="9642048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642048" title="Tu Peor Error">
Tu Peor Error

"Tu Peor Error" ("Your Worst Mistake") is a song recorded and performed by Spanish pop rock group La 5ª Estación. The song is the first radio single from the band's third studio album, "El Mundo Se Equivoca". "Tu Peor Error" reached the #1 position on the Spanish singles chart in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9642057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642057" title="Me Muero">
Me Muero

"Me Muero" (Spanish for "I Die" or "I Am Dying") is La 5ª Estación's second single release from their third studio album, "El mundo se equivoca".
Song information.
"Me Muero" was officially released to American and Latin American radio towards the end of 2006. In Mexico, the song topped the official singles chart for eleven weeks in a row, eventually being succeeded by Julieta Venegas' "Eres para mí". In the United States, the song peaked at number two on the Latin Pop Airplay chart and number ten on the Hot Latin Tracks chart. In Spain, the song peaked at number two. According to Promusicae, "Me Muero" has been certified 6× Platinum in Spain for sales of over 120,000 units, being one of the big hits from 2007 in that country.
The song was recently re-done in a "Banda" style by Objetivo Fama finalist and Mexican singer "Azucena del Campo", and has been released to much acclaim.
Music video.
The music video for "Me Muero" begins with what appears as a fan cutting and pasting pictures of a wrestling star. The collage album is then given to the wrestler and he reflects on it while he faces a match. La 5ª Estación is shown singing from the ring in the arena. The supposed fan then shows up to the match as sign of support. Finally a scene is shown where the two kiss and it is revealed that the fan was actually the wrestler's wife. The main wrestler in the video is professional Mexican wrestler, Místico.

</doc>
<doc id="9642062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642062" title="Alfa Romeo MiTo">
Alfa Romeo MiTo

The Alfa Romeo MiTo (Type 955) is a three-door luxury supermini officially introduced on June 19, 2008, at Castello Sforzesco in Milan, Italy with an international introduction at the British Motor Show in 2008. The car was available in all Alfa's major markets in stages from July. The three-door hatchback is front-wheel drive and will be sold to compete with the MINI and the newer Audi A1. Designed by Centro Stile Alfa Romeo, the design is believed to be inspired by the 8C Competizione.
The MiTo is built on Fiat Small platform used on Fiat Grande Punto, also employed by the Opel/Vauxhall Corsa D. Between 2008 and 2012 around 200,000 Mitos were built.
Naming.
The new car was provisionally named the "Junior". In 2007, a European competition was launched in which the public had a chance to name the car. The winner from each country could win an Alfa Romeo Spider or an Alfa Romeo mountain bike. The winning name was "Furiosa", which scored well in Italy, France, UK and Germany but not in Spain.
However, on March 14, 2008, Alfa Romeo announced officially that the name would instead be "MiTo", an abbreviation of the cities Milano (Milan) and Torino (Turin), because it was designed in the former and was to be assembled in the latter; the name is also a play on the Italian word "mito", meaning "mythical" or "legendary".
Features.
The car has a new "Alfa DNA" system which allows the driver to choose between three different driving settings: Dynamic, Normal, and All-Weather. This system controls the behavior of the engine, brakes, steering, suspension and gearbox. The MiTo also features LED tail lights and of luggage space. The MiTo also features a Q2 electronic differential on the front wheels, which is active with the DNA switch in Dynamic position, and allows for faster and tighter cornering without loss of traction.
MiTo GTA concept.
The GTA (Gran Turismo Alleggerita), the sportiest version of the MiTo, was unveiled at the March 2009 Geneva Motor Show as a prototype. The concept has a 1.8-litre turbocharged engine with direct fuel injection and variable valve timing for both inlet and exhaust. The maximum power is rated at . The MiTo GTA concept has a top speed of and acceleration from zero to in 5 seconds. The weight of the GTA has been reduced by the use of carbon-fibre for the tailgate spoiler as well as the roof panel and mirror fairings. Aluminium is also used to reduce the weight. The suspension is lowered by over the standard car, and the car has active suspension.
MiTo Quadrifoglio Verde.
The Quadrifoglio Verde (see Alfa Romeo in motorsport article for the history of this emblem) version of Mito was presented in 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show. The Quadrifoglio Verde () has traditionally been the highest line of Alfa Romeo models. The QV version has the new 1.4-litre Multiair engine and newly engineered suspension, steering and new six-speed C635 gearbox developed by Fiat Powertrain Technologies (FPT). The new multiair technology allows fuel consumption of in EU combined driving and CO2 emissions of 139 g/km.
2010 updates.
TCT Dual Dry Clutch Transmission.
A new transmission for the MiTo was unveiled at the 2010 Geneva Motor Show, the six-speed TCT is produced by Fiat Powertrain Technologies in Verrone. Magneti Marelli delivers the control system which integrates BorgWarner's hydraulic actuation module into its own power and transmission control units. It can handle torque inputs of up to 
Blue&Me–TomTom.
In Geneva was also unveiled "Blue&Me–TomTom", this new system integrates TomTom navigation to the Blue&Me infotelematic system.
2014 updates.
For model year 2014 the MiTo gets a new 105 PS 0.9 L Turbo TwinAir engine, new chrome-plated grille, new Anthracite grey colour and new burnished front light clusters. The car interior is also updated with new upholsteries and three new dashboards looks. The engine range now consists two turbo diesel engines (the updated E5+ 85 PS 1.3 L JTDM and the 120 PS 1.6 L JTDM) and five petrol engines: the 70 PS 1.4, the 78 PS 1.4, the 135 PS 1.4 MultiAir Turbo (with manual or Alfa TCT Dual Dry Clutch Transmission) and the 170 PS 1.4 MultiAir Turbo. The range has also 120 HP 1.4 LPG Turbo option.
Limited and special editions.
Edizione Sprint (2009).
Limited to 250 examples, only for Belgian market. Available only with 1.3 JTDM diesel engine. Bears special Sprint logo.
Maserati Version (2010).
In 2010 Alfa Romeo announced it would produce a limited 100 car series of Mitos to be distributed to Maserati dealerships in Europe. Maserati version MiTos feature same 125 kW (170 PS) engine as the Quadrifoglio Verde, and exclusive paint Blu Oceano. Aluminium kickplates and a badge on the HVAC controls on the car bear words "Alfa Romeo for Maserati". The cars are to be used as courtesy cars for Maserati service customers, very much like "for Ferrari Dealers" versions of the Fiat 500 and Abarth 500.
Quadrifoglio Verde 101 (2012).
Limited edition based on QV model, only 101 examples to celebrate 101 anniversary of Alfa Romeo existence. Rosso Alfa paint, engine, Sabelt racing seats with alcantara upholstery and backrest made of carbon. From the outside, apart from paint and tinted windows, the car also sports new 18-inch alloy alloy wheels available, like the seats, exclusively for this model. Also as standard bi-xenon lights, Brembo brakes and active suspension "Dynamic Suspension".
MiTo SBK and MiTo Superbike Special Series.
In Paris Motor Show 2012 was unveiled numbered limited edition (200 Units) MiTo SBK based on the 1.4 L QV MiTo and the MiTo Superbike Special Series available with all the engines in the range - except for the 1.4 70 PS and 1.4 170 PS petrol engine. This version includes 16 inch titanium alloy wheels, chrome-plated spoiler and exhaust, mirror fairings in the shade of titanium, sporty rear bumper, black fog light frame and "SBK" logo on the rear of the car.
Engines.
At launch the MiTo will feature low-displacement turbocharged petrol and diesel engines. Also, a power limited naturally aspirated engine variant is produced to meet the new Italian legislation for young people. MiTo got new electro-hydraulic valve control system Multiair engines from September 2009. MultiAir engines will increase power (up to 10%) and torque (up to 15%), as well as a considerable reduction in consumption levels (up to 10%) and CO2 emissions (up to 10%), of particulates (up to 40%) and NOx (up to 60%). This new engine is available with , and power ratings. All multiair versions have start-stop system as standard. In October 2009 was unveiled a dual fuel MiTo version, this version can run with LPG (Liquefied petroleum gas) or petrol, with this engine MiTo has range of . The LPG version is made in collaboration with Landi Renzo. In Summer 2010 came available Dual Dry Clutch Transmission called Alfa TCT. From model year 2011 the start-stop system came as standard to all versions. In the Frankurt Motor Show 2011 was introduced two new engines for MiTo the 0.9 L TwinAir straight-2 and new low emission version of 1.3 JTD diesel engine.
Safety.
The MiTo has seven airbags as standard, and received a ‘good’ or green result from the first ever Euro NCAP rear impact test (whiplash).
The MiTo received the following ratings:
Awards.
2013.
"Auto, motor und sport" - "Bestes Auto des Jahres" 
2008.
source:

</doc>
<doc id="9642075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642075" title="Clorox Building">
Clorox Building

The Clorox Building is a 24-storey, skyscraper in the City Center complex of downtown Oakland, California. The building was completed in 1976, and designed by Cesar Pelli when he worked with Gruen Associates now based in Los Angeles. The Oakland-based Clorox Company is headquartered in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9642079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642079" title="Natalia Jiménez">
Natalia Jiménez

Natalia Jiménez Sarmiento (Born December 29, 1981 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish singer. She was the lead singer of the Spanish pop band La 5a Estacion.
Early life.
Jiménez was born to a Spanish father who was a singer; and her mother is Portuguese.
Career.
In 2007, Natalia had a participation (featuring) in the album "Real" of the Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario, performed a duet song "No", (composed by Armando Avila and self Natalia). This song only appears on the album Ednita Nazario.
""The Best Thing About Me Is You"" is Ricky Martin's new single with the original English version of the song features singer Joss Stone, while its Spanish version, "Lo Mejor De Mi Vida Eres Tú", replaces Stone's vocals with Natalia Jiménez.
On November 12, 2010, after appearing and performing at the 2010 Latin Grammys with Ricky Martin, Natalia announced her solo album and said she hopes to release her first single in January. She also announced that the band, La Quinta Estacion was not broken up and that she and Angel Reyero, her bandmate, were focusing on solo projects. She said "The band is still there, everything is still there, one day we will release another album La Quinta Estacion".
Natalia's first single as a solo artist "Por Ser Tu Mujer" was released on April 5, 2011. Her self-titled debut album "Natalia Jimenez" was released on June 21, 2011 in the United States.
In early 2013, it was reported that Natalia had been working on her second studio album as a solo artist, and the album was scheduled to be released in the summer. However, during the 2013 Billboard's Most Influential Women in Latin Music luncheon, Natalia confirmed the album would be released by the end of the year and also stated the album would be bilingual. Currently she is living and working in Barcelona as a teacher of music and coach in some talent shows.
First Solo Concert.
On June 10, 2011 Natalia made her debut solo concert in "Bonaire". She was welcomed at the airport by a big crowd and tweeted :
"Estoy en Bonaire y lo único que puedo decir es que no me quiero ir! Me encanta! Gracias por el recibimiento en el aeropuerto!" :)
After giving a big and beautiful performance on June 10, 2011 at the plaza resort hotel, Her Twitter followers count grew with a lot of Bonairean Fans.
Discography.
Compilations and live albums.
Footnotes:

</doc>
<doc id="9642087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642087" title="Matthew Gumley">
Matthew Gumley

Matthew David Gumley (born February 7, 1997 in West Palm Beach, Florida) is an American child actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9642088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642088" title="Replenishment">
Replenishment

Replenishment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9642104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642104" title="Deris Umanzor">
Deris Umanzor

Deris Ariel Umanzor Guevara (born 7 January 1980 in Santa Rosa de Lima) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays as a defender for Águila in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Deris Umanzor began his career in the youth system of Municipal Limeño and eventually moved up to the first team in 1998. After six seasons with Limeño, Umanzor moved to top Salvadoran side Águila in 2005. Umanzor has been one of the top left backs in El Salvador's Primera División.
On 8 April 2010 he was acquired by MLS club Chicago Fire.
Umanzor and Chicago mutually agreed to terminate his contract on 9 February 2011, making him a free agent. In May 2011 it was announced he would return to Águila after the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
International career.
Umanzor made his debut for El Salvador in an October 2000 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and has, as of February 2012, earned a total of 44 caps, scoring 2 goals. He has represented his country in 9 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001, 2005 and 2011 UNCAF Nations Cups as well as at the 2002 and 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cups and was a non-playing squad member at the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9642121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642121" title="Long Island Traction Company">
Long Island Traction Company

The Long Island Traction Company was a street railway holding company in Brooklyn and Queens, New York City, United States.
In order to get around anti-stock watering statutes, the owners of the Brooklyn City Rail Road, capitalized at $6 million, incorporated the Long Island Traction Company in West Virginia in March 1893 with a capital of $30 million. The BCRR-controlled Brooklyn Heights Railroad, until then the operator of only the short cable-operated Montague Street Line, leased the BCRR on June 6, 1893. The LI Traction Company acquired the Broadway Railroad by May 1893, and incorporated the Brooklyn, Queens County and Suburban Railroad on November 24, 1893 to take it over, as well as the Broadway Ferry and Metropolitan Avenue Railroad and Jamaica and Brooklyn Railroad. The increased capitalization was used to convert the companies from horse car to trolley operations.
The LI Traction Company went bankrupt in mid-1895 after a January strike. The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company was incorporated January 18, 1896, and took over the LI Traction Company in early February.

</doc>
<doc id="9642130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642130" title="AB5 toxin">
AB5 toxin

The AB5 toxins are six-component protein complexes secreted by certain pathogenic bacteria known to cause human diseases such as cholera, dysentery, and hemolytic-uremic syndrome. One component is known as the A subunit, and the remaining five components make up the B subunit. All of these toxins share a similar structure and mechanism for entering targeted host cells. The B subunit is responsible for binding to receptors to open up a pathway for the A subunit to enter the cell. The A subunit is then able to use its catalytic machinery to take over the host cell's regular functions.
Families.
There are four main families of the AB5 toxin. These families are characterized by the sequence of their A subunit, as well as their catalytic ability.
Cholera toxin.
This family is also known as Ct or Ctx, and includes the heat-labile enterotoxin family, known as LT. Cholera toxin’s discovery is credited by many to Dr. Sambhu Nath De. He conducted his research in Calcutta (now Kolkata) making his discovery in 1959, although it was first purified by Robert Koch in 1883. Cholera toxin is an infectious toxin composed of a protein complex that is secreted by the bacterium "Vibrio cholerae". Some symptoms of this toxin include chronic and widespread watery diarrhea and dehydration that, in some cases, leads to death.
Pertussis toxin.
This family is also known as Ptx and contains the toxin responsible for whooping cough. Pertussis toxin is secreted by the gram-negative bacterium, "Bordetella pertussis". Whooping cough is very contagious and cases are slowly increasing in the United States despite vaccination. Symptoms include paroxysmal cough with whooping and even vomiting. The bacterium "Bordetella pertussis" was first identified as the cause of whooping cough and isolated by Jules Bordet and Octave Gengou in France in 1900.
Shiga toxin.
Shiga toxin is an infectious disease caused by the rod shaped "Shigella dysenteriae" as well as "Escherichia coli" (STEC), and is also known as Stx. Contaminated food and drinks are the source of infection and how this toxin is spread. Symptoms include abdominal pain as well as watery diarrhea. Severe life-threatening cases are characterized by hemorrhagic colitis (HC). The discovery of shiga toxin is credited to Dr. Kiyoshi Shiga in 1898.
Subtilase cytotoxin.
This family is also known as SubAB and was discovered during the 1990s. It produced by strains of STEC that do not have the locus of enterocyte effacement (LEE), and is known to cause hemolytic-uremic syndrome (HUS). It is called a subtilase cytotoxin because its A subunit sequence is similar to that of a subtilase-like serine protease in "Bacillus anthracis". Some symptoms caused by this toxin are a decrease in platelet count in the blood or thrombocytopenia, an increase in white blood cell count or leukocytosis, and renal cell damage.
Structure.
A complete AB5 toxin complex contains six protein units. Five units are similar or identical in structure and they comprise the B subunit. The last protein unit is unique and is known as the A subunit. 
A subunit.
The A subunit of an AB5 toxin is the portion responsible for catalysis of specific targets. For Shiga toxin family, the A subunit hosts a Trypsin-sensitive region which gives out two fragmented domains when cleaved. This region has not been confirmed for the other AB5 toxin families as yet. In general, the two domains of the A subunit are linked by a disulfide bond named A1 and A2. Domain A1 (approximately 22kDa in cholera toxin or heat labile enterotoxins) is the part of the toxin responsible for its toxic effects. Domain A2 (approximately 5kDa in cholera toxin or heat labile enterotoxin) provides a non-covalent linkage to the B subunit through the B subunit's central pore. The A1 chain for cholera toxin catalyzes the transfer of ADP-ribose from Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide(NAD) to arginine or other guanidine compounds by utilizing ADP-ribosylation factors (ARFs). In the absence of arginine or simple guanidino compounds, the toxin mediated NAD+ nucleosidase (NADase) activity proceeds using water as a nucleophile.
B subunit.
The B subunits form a five-membered or pentameric ring, where one end of the A subunit goes into and is held. This B subunit ring is also capable of binding to a receptor on the surface of the host cell. Without the B subunits, the A subunit has no way of attaching to or entering the cell, and thus no way to exert its toxic effect. Cholera toxin, shiga toxin, and SubAB toxin all have B subunits that are made up of five identical protein components, meaning that their B subunits are homopentamers. Pertussis toxin is different where its pentameric ring is made up of four different protein components, where one of the components is repeated to form a heteropentamer.
Mechanisms.
Cholera toxin, pertussis toxin, and shiga toxin all have their targets in the cytosol of the cell. After their B subunit binds to receptors on the cell surface, the toxin is enveloped by the cell and transported inside either through clathrin-dependent endocytosis or clathrin-independent endocytosis. 
For the cholera toxin, the principal glycolipid receptor for the cholera toxin is ganglioside GM1. After endocytosis to the golgi apparatus, the toxin is redirected to the endoplasmic reticulum. In order for the A subunit to reach its target, the disulfide bond between the A1 and A2 domain must be broken. This breakage is catalyzed by a protein disulfide isomerase (PDI) that is in the endoplasmic reticulum. This causes the A1 domain to unfold and be redirected back to the cytosol. This is where the A1 domain will refold and cause its toxicity by catalyzing ADP-ribosylation of certain G protein alpha subunits. In doing so, the downstream effects of the G protein signal transduction pathway is disrupted by activating adenylate cyclase. This causes a higher concentration of cAMP in the cell, which disrupts the regulation of ion transport mechanisms.
The pertussis toxin does not have a specific receptor, and binds to sialylated glycoproteins. After endocytosis, pertussis toxin's mechanism is the same as cholera toxin.
The main receptor for the shiga toxin is globotriaosylceramide or Gb3. Shiga toxin is also brought to the golgi apparatus before being directed to the endoplasmic reticulum for PDI to cleave the disulfide bond. Shiga toxin's A subunit is then brought back into the cytosol and inhibits eukaryotic protein synthesis with its RNA N-glycosidase activity by cleaving a specific adenine base on 28S ribosomal RNA that will ultimately cause cell death.
SubAB's target is in the endoplasmic reticulum of the cell and is brought into the cell through clathrin-mediated endocytosis. The glycan receptor for SubAB usually ends with an α2-3-linked N-Glycolylneuraminic acid (Neu5Gc). SubAB has an A subunit where it acts as a serine protease and cleaves Bip/GRP78, an endoplasmic reticulum chaperone. The cleavage of this chaperone causes cellular stress through protein inhibition, and consequently death of the cell.
Medical uses.
Cancer treatment
B subunits of the AB5 toxins have the affinity towards binding glycan which some type of tumors seem to possess making it an easy target. One example is that of StxB which specifically binds with CD77 which shows expression on the surface of cancerous cells such as colon, pancreas, breast, and many more. Once StxB targets a cancerous cell, it delivers the A subunit of the toxin which eventually kills the cancerous cell. another method is by using ER stress-inducing drugs which have been tested in mice to show positive synergistic responses. This is accomplished through fusion of epidermal growth factor(EGF) with SubAB's A subunit. Cancer cells that express receptors for EGF will then experience SubAB toxicity.
Vaccines
Another use of AB5 toxins is using members of the LT family as adjuvants. This allows the toxin to promote immunological responses such as IgG2a, IgA, and Th17 to fight for instance gastric "Helicobacter pylori" infection when a vaccine is given.
In addition to some of these AB5 toxins being used to create vaccines to prevent bacterial infection, they are also being researched to work as a conjugate to prevent viral infections. For example, systemic immunization along with co-administered intra-nasal delivery of virus-cholera toxin conjugate vaccine induced a virus-specific antibody response and showed some degree of protection to the upper respiratory tract from Sendai virus.
Recent areas of research.
New advancements in biotechnological experimental methods such as the use of Bessel beam plane illumination microscopy and FRET-based sensor molecules can better demonstrate dynamic structures of gap junction plaques. For these experiments, different types of AB5 toxins can be used to induce the fast formation of tCDR in E.Coli cells. The response can then be recorded using cAMP concentration fluctuations in gap junction-coupled cells using FRET-based sensor constructs. Research suggests that CDRs could perhaps be linked with rapid rearrangement of lipids and protein in connexin channels within the gap junction plaques. This can further help us understand the signaling cascade that follows a cellular loss of K+ when exposed to bacterial infection.
The SubAB toxin has been seen to demonstrate specificity to a binding protein, BiP. This characteristic has been utilized to study the role of the cellular BiP itself, along with Endoplasmic-reticulum-associated degradation in stressed HeLa cells.

</doc>
<doc id="9642138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642138" title="Corridor (Via Rail)">
Corridor (Via Rail)

The Corridor is a Via Rail passenger train service area in the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario.
"Corridor" is used by Via to refer to all Via inter-city passenger trains which start and end within the geographic region known as the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor. Other inter-city trains from outside the "Corridor" may have their terminus at stations in the "Corridor", such as the "Canadian" and the "Ocean", but are marketed by their respective train names and are not considered to be "Corridor" services.
The "Corridor" service area has the heaviest passenger train frequency in Canada, with 36 Via trains traversing the route daily. About 67% of Via's revenue comes from "Corridor" routes.
Via runs a mix of local-service and express trains in the "Corridor". Most of the trackage is owned by CN, although Via also owns two former freight lines, one from Smiths Falls, Ontario, to Coteau-du-Lac, Quebec via Ottawa; and one from Chatham, Ontario to Tecumseh, Ontario. It also runs on Canadian Pacific rails between Smiths Falls and Brockville, Ontario.
Prior to Via's formation in 1978, CN Rail operated trains on the same tracks and CP Rail also offered limited service.
All trains are identified by number; however, in previous schedules these trains were named as well.
High speed proposal.
During the 1970s and early 1980s, CN and later Via Rail operated the Turbo Train on existing freight rail trackage. This equipment was later replaced by the Bombardier LRC (Light, Rapid, Comfortable) train sets. Beginning in the 1980s and through the 1990s, Via Rail, Bombardier and the provincial and federal governments studied the feasibility of establishing a dedicated high-speed passenger rail network linking Quebec City-Montreal-Ottawa-Toronto-Windsor similar to the French TGV as a means of reducing domestic air and highway travel between these destinations.
After a hiatus of ten years, a feasibility study on launching a high-speed rail service in the Corridor will be updated at the joint cost of the federal government, Ontario and Quebec. On November 14, 2011, the three governments have officially released the final report of a high-speed rail study for this corridor.
Improvements to corridor.
In 2009–2010, Via used C$300 million of government stimulus money to upgrade segments of the Corridor. Notable track improvements planned were an additional of third main track in four segments, and a short segment of fourth main track, as well as additional yard tracks at three locations. Improvements were made to several stations along the line, with new station buildings being constructed at Belleville and Cobourg, and additional platforms for existing stations at Brockville and Oshawa. The improvements were planned to reduce delays along the route and to allow for a reduction in travel time of up to 30 minutes from end to end. They were intended to allow Via to introduce two new round-trip trains from Toronto to both Montreal and Ottawa without requiring the acquisition of new equipment.
Primary inter-city "Corridor" routes.
The "Maple Leaf", a through service from Toronto to New York City, operated jointly with Amtrak, is crewed by Via as trains 97 and 98 on VIA schedules, between Toronto and Niagara Falls and can be considered part of Corridor services as well. It is the only scheduled rail service from the Corridor line at Burlington to Niagara Falls.
Commuter rail.
Two commuter rail agencies, provincially-funded and independent of Via, share tracks with Via's "Corridor" Trains.

</doc>
<doc id="9642149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642149" title="William Fulton (mathematician)">
William Fulton (mathematician)

William Edgar Fulton (born August 29, 1939) is an American mathematician, specializing in algebraic geometry. He received his undergraduate degree from Brown University in 1961 and his doctorate from Princeton University in 1966. Fulton worked at Princeton and Brandeis University from 1965 until 1970, when he began teaching at Brown. In 1987 he moved to the University of Chicago. He is, as of 2011, a professor at the University of Michigan.
Fulton is known as the author or coauthor of a number of popular texts, including "Algebraic Curves" and "Representation Theory".
Awards and honors.
In 1996 he received the Steele Prize for mathematical exposition for his text "Intersection Theory". Fulton is a member of the U. S. National Academy of Sciences and was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 2000. In 2010, he was awarded the Steele Prize for Lifetime Achievement. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9642157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642157" title="Ronald V. Dellums Federal Building">
Ronald V. Dellums Federal Building

The Ronald V. Dellums Federal Building complex is a federal building complex in Oakland, California, constructed as part of the Oakland City Center redevelopment project. In 1998, the United States Congress passed a bill naming the building for former mayor and Congressman Ronald V. Dellums. It consists of two identical towers topped with pyramid-shaped roofs, echoing similar landmarks such as the Alameda County Courthouse. The towers are connected by a ground level rotunda and an elevated sky bridge. The podium of one of the towers houses a federal courthouse.
Both buildings are 268 feet / 81.7 meters in height to roof, 100.0 m in height including spires.

</doc>
<doc id="9642182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642182" title="RA-4 process">
RA-4 process

RA-4 is Kodak's proprietary name for the chemical process most commonly used to make color photographic prints. It is used for both digital printers of the types most common today in photo labs and drug stores, and for prints made with older-type optical enlargers and manual processing. More specifically, common color photographic paper is carefully exposed to form a latent image of the picture, and then the paper is run through the series of chemicals that together comprise the RA-4 process to convert the latent image into the final print.
RA-4 is a standardized chromogenic process used worldwide to make prints with a variety of equipment, photographic paper, and chemicals. Kodak created the RA-4 process for its color negative photographic papers. Fuji, Agfa, and other present and past photographic supply companies also make or have made both papers that are compatible with the Kodak chemicals, and chemicals that are compatible with the Kodak papers. These other companies typically call their equivalent processes by other names, but to most photographers, RA-4 is used as a generic term.
The result of RA-4 processing is a Type C print.

</doc>
<doc id="9642185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642185" title="Big Bureau Creek">
Big Bureau Creek

The Big Bureau Creek is a tributary of the Illinois River in central Illinois. It rises approximately north of Mendota and flows southwest into Bureau County, turning south at Princeton and then flowing east into the Illinois River floodplain. Among the creek's more notable features is the Red Covered Bridge, built in 1863, which passes over Big Bureau Creek and was once part of the Peoria Galena Trail. The bridge, located just north of Interstate 80, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ecology.
Currently, there is an effort underway to maintain this watershed as well to evaluate its current condition with the Big Bureau Creek Watershed Inventory and Evaluation (I&E) begun in 2003 (See the Forward and Acknowledgment section for the year 2003). Nitrogen levels from surrounding farmland, sedimentation, and low water levels are the main problems to be assessed.
History.
The stream is named for Michel or Pierre Bureau. Their original surname was probably Belleau, but local aboriginals may have had difficulty pronouncing the "l" sound. One or both of the brothers ran a trading post near where Big Bureau Creek empties into the Illinois River from 1776 until 1780 or 1790. The stream was called the "Chassagauch," "Chassagoach," or "Chachagouche" River on early maps of the region. These are European renderings of the Miami-Illinois language word "šaahšaakweehsiiwa," which once meant "copperhead" (agkistrodon contortrix) but now means "garter snake." "Šaahšaakweehsiiwa" was also the name of a chief and diplomat of the Kaskaskia at the Grand Village of the Illinois, opposite Starved Rock, in the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
Recreation.
Most land surrounding the banks of the Big Bureau Creek is privately owned. Canoeing on the creek is possible in some areas. There have been reports of class II and III rapids in high water. Brush buildup, beaver dams, and submerged rocks are always a point of concern.

</doc>
<doc id="9642190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642190" title="Dark Congress">
Dark Congress

Dark Congress is an original novel based on the American television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and is written by Christopher Golden.
Plot summary.
Golden has revealed some things about the plotline in an interview with Slayerlit:
The story takes place after the seventh season of "Buffy". The Congress has not met for 500 years, having failed to come to an agreement.
The story starts as Micaela, a Watcher, unknowingly releases the demon, Kandida, one of the leaders of the Dark Congress.
Then, we find Buffy, and Xander in Providence, Rhode Island, trekking to the location of the city's own Hellmouth. There, they meet Trabajo the Sand demon, from whom they nearly escape. 
Meanwhile, in Greece, Willow is living happily with Kennedy, until she returns to their apartment to find Kennedy has cheated on her with a newbie Slayer. Completely broken-hearted, Willow immediately leaves and heads to Athens to clear her mind, there she meets a very ancient witch named Catherine, who promises Willow her heart's desire if she will be her apprentice. She gives Willow a very powerful scroll and her witch's familiar, a ginger cat. With a very ancient spell Willow is able to resurrect her former lover Tara Maclay, with whom the familiar shares a body. Willow and Tara have an emotional reunion.
Elsewhere, former Scooby, Oz, is approached by an elder werewolf, who tells him that he is needed in Providence.
Faith, who is now in San Francisco, finishes off vamps in the city, gets a message from a vamp who is a minion of an ancient vampiress named Harmann and decides to head back to New England, to Rhode Island, to meet up with Buffy. She arrives there and is attacked by The Gentlemen (of the Buffy Season 4 episode, "Hush"). She defeats them and remeets Xander, and has a sisterly reunion with "B".
Giles, in England, has heard of all of the supernatural activity centered around Providence and he and Micaela travel to Rhode Island. Willow decides to bring Tara to meet Buffy and Xander, and Oz also heeds the older wolf's orders and goes to Providence. The Scoobies have a very happy reunion, especially with the resurrection of Tara (of which both Buffy and Giles are highly skeptical).
They learn of the Dark Congress which is in session above the once active hellmouth in Providence, and the court of Demons want Buffy to be their arbiter. The Sand demon Trabajo is reunited with his lover, Kandida, but the two have a short reunion when Kandida's heart is ripped out. Trabajo is about to accuse a few of the members of the Congress and attack them, which would send the Congress in chaos and start an inevitable apocalypse. Buffy must keep that from happening by finding Kandida's killers and bringing them before the Council before Trabajo has a chance at them.
The suspects are; Haarmann, the ancient vampiress; Willow's new suspicious and very intimidating teacher, Catherine; and Malik a rogue "Champion" for The Powers that Be, and his group of warriors who will kill anything connected to demons, including demons who aren't harmful, and even Slayers.
Buffy is horrified and disgusted to be included. After all she is not a demon...is she? She knows so little about her powers that she can't say for certain where they truly spring from. How can she spend so much time wallowing in the darkness without becoming part of it? Can she possibly agree to a truce with all the horrors of the world, and allow them to come to Providence without any attempt to stop them? Does she have a choice?
Meanwhile, can Willow and Tara come to terms with their denial that Tara's resurrection is anything but unnatural?
Continuity.
Canonical Issues.
"Buffy" novels such as this one are not usually considered canon by the fans. Some consider them stories from the imaginations of authors and artists, while others think of them as taking place in an alternate reality. However, these novels are not mere fan fiction, as overviews which summarize their plots are approved early on by both FOX and Joss Whedon (or at least his office). The books are then published as official "Buffy"/"Angel" merchandise.

</doc>
<doc id="9642229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642229" title="United States Newspaper Program">
United States Newspaper Program

The United States Newspaper Program (USNP) is a national effort among the individual states and the US federal government to locate, catalog, and preserve on microfilm, newspapers published in the United States up to the present time. Funding is provided by the National Endowment for the Humanities, and technical assistance is provided by the Library of Congress. The program has since been enhanced by the National Digital Newspaper Program. The program began in the 1982 and was estimated to be completed in 2007. As of 2004, $51.1 million in federal and $19.3 million in state funding had been raised.
Purpose.
The initiators of the project asserted that the intellectual content of newspapers serves an important role for researchers as it is for all intents and purposes the first draft of history. Newspapers also provide unique access to "diverse geographic viewpoints at the community level." Problematically, since the middle of the 19th century this "first draft" has been recorded on poor quality newsprint which is decaying rapidly. Through microfilming the intellectual content, the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Library of Congress hoped to preserve it and improve accessibility.
Scope.
The U.S. Newspaper Program has supported (and continues to support) projects in all fifty states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Each project is conducted by a single organization or agency within a state or territory, usually the state's largest newspaper repository. Holdings from a large variety of repositories are catalogued. This includes public libraries, county courthouses, newspaper offices, historical museums, college and university libraries, archives, and historical societies. In addition to these state projects, the United States Newspaper Program funded cataloging of newspapers at eight national repositories one of which also received funding for preservation. Records are entered into a national database maintained at the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) "and accessible through more than 53,500 dedicated computer terminals worldwide. Microfilm copies of newspapers are available to researchers anywhere in the country through the inter-library loan program."
Standards.
It is imperative that the program create microfilmed surrogates that "maintain the integrity and authenticity of the representation of the original document." Anything less could potentially result in the destruction of history. As such, in order to participate in the U.S. Newspaper Program, institutions must agree to adhere to an array of stringent standards. The standards for both microfilming and preservation were largely set by the Library of Congress.
Criticism.
The most outspoken critic of the United States Newspaper Program is the author Nicholson Baker. Baker argues that the microfilming done for this project is ineffectual because it cannot capture all information (i.e. color illustrations) and mistakes were made in filming that obfuscate what content there is. In his opinion this problem is compounded by the fact that newspapers were often thrown away or sold after they had been filmed. Baker makes his case in the book "" and a "The New Yorker" article entitled "Deadline: the author's desperate bid to save America's past." Baker felt so strongly about this he ended up buying as many newspapers as he could and starting the American Newspaper Repository.

</doc>
<doc id="9642233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642233" title="Halbi language">
Halbi language

Halbi (also Bastari, Halba, Halvas, Halabi, Halvi, Mahari, Mehari) is an Eastern Indo-Aryan language, transitional between Oriya and Marathi. It is spoken by 500,000 people across the central part of India. It uses SOV word order (subject-object-verb), makes strong use of affixes, and places adjectives before nouns. It is often used as a trade language, but there is a low literacy rate.
The Mehari dialect is mutually intelligible with the other dialects only with difficulty. There are an estimated 200,000 second-language speakers (as of 2001). In Chhtisgarh Schooled males are fluent in Hindi. Some first language speakers use Bhatri as second language.
Halbi is written in the Oriya & Devanagari script.
References.
Recently Sri Bikram Soni of jagdalpur has invented Halvi script which is easier than Devnagari and Oriya script. Sri Soni has made an intensive work on Halvi language and found that there is a necessity of creating a script for halvi language. The script is uploaded in the www. scribd.com ( see documents of Mahendra Kumar Mishra)

</doc>
<doc id="9642239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642239" title="Javier Ruiz Rueda">
Javier Ruiz Rueda

Javier Ruiz Rueda (March 18, 1909 – September 8, 1993) was a Mexican composer and writer. He was born in Mexico City.
Musical achievements.
Javier Ruiz Rueda was part of the great composers alongside Agustín Lara. His major musical works include "Cosas del Amor" and "Dulce Aventura", for which he composed the music and José Antonio Zorrilla wrote the lyrics.
Javier Ruiz Rueda also wrote jingles for radio; probably the most popular jingle is "Estaban los tomatitos ..." for which he composed the music and Ramiro Gamboa wrote the lyrics.
Literary achievements.
Javier Ruiz Rueda worked with many composers and was friend to many of them. His passion for history and writing led him to write a biography of Agustín Lara: "Agustín Lara: Vida y Pasiones".
Last years.
Javier Ruiz Rueda died on September 8, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9642266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642266" title="Victor Downtown Historic District">
Victor Downtown Historic District

Victor Downtown Historical District is a historic district encompassing several blocks of Victor, Colorado listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The district is bounded roughly by Diamond Avenue, Second, Portland and Fifth Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="9642273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642273" title="Irish Distillers">
Irish Distillers

Irish Distillers is a subsidiary of the French drinks conglomerate Pernod-Ricard S.A.. It is the largest distiller of Irish Whiskey, with popular brands such as Jameson, Paddy and Powers. In addition to whiskey, it distills a number of other spirit products such as gin and vodka. 
History.
Irish Distillers Group was formed in 1966, when a merger took place between Irish whiskey distillers John Power & Son, John Jameson & Son and the Cork Distillery Company. In an attempt to reverse the decline in Irish whiskey sales, the board of directors decided to close the existing distilleries in Cork and Dublin, and to consolidate production at a new purpose-built facility. A site alongside the existing distillery in Midleton, Co. Cork was chosen as the location for the new distillery, as there was no room for expansion in Dublin.
In 1972, Bushmills, the only other whiskey distillery in Ireland at the time, joined the group. This gave Irish Distillers control over all whiskey production on the island of Ireland. In July 1975 production ceased at the Old Midleton Distillery and began in the morning at the new Midleton complex. The old distillery has since reopened as a visitors' centre. Following an early unsolicited takeover offer by GrandMet, Allied-Lyons and Guinness, Irish distillers was taken over by Pernod Ricard in June 1988, in a friendly takeover.
In 2005, Bushmills was sold to rival drinks giant Diageo for £200 million.
Products.
Beyond whiskey, the distillery also produces:

</doc>
<doc id="9642284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642284" title="The Smiley Morning Show">
The Smiley Morning Show

The Smiley Morning Show is a morning radio program on radio station WZPL (99.5 FM - an Entercom Communications station) broadcasting from Indianapolis, Indiana. The show first aired in 2002 and is hosted by radio personality Dave Smiley and co-host Kari "K.J." Johll, Producer Will, Carlos Diaz and meteorologist Paul Poteet.
The show is a talk/entertainment morning show that includes significant interaction with listeners. Each morning features Dave Smiley making various comments about the upcoming day, and features guest interviews with local Indiana celebrities, actors, comedians and musicians. 
Events.
The Smiley Morning Show is known for hosting concerts and listener-focused events. Past events have included:
Other events held by WZPL include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9642323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642323" title="Japanese gunboat Katada">
Japanese gunboat Katada


</doc>
<doc id="9642333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642333" title="Historic Performances Recorded at the Monterey International Pop Festival">
Historic Performances Recorded at the Monterey International Pop Festival

Historic Performances Recorded at the Monterey International Pop Festival was a live album released by Reprise Records on August 26, 1970 documenting two memorable performances at the Monterey Pop Festival; those by Otis Redding and The Jimi Hendrix Experience. 
Background.
The Monterey International Pop Music Festival took place from June 16 to June 18, 1967 and was the brainchild of Lou Adler. Over 200,000 people attended, and it is regarded as the first big rock festival, precursor to Woodstock and all the others of that period.
Otis Redding was at the pinnacle of his career at that time. He was booked as the closing act on the Saturday night of the festival, June 17, 1967. Otis came to the stage following a set by his backup band, Booker T. & the MG's. However, Otis' high charged performance ran into a time limit under the festival's permit, resulting in his having time to perform only 5 short songs. At the end of "Try a Little Tenderness", Otis can be heard explaining to the crowd that he is being rushed off the stage by the organizers. All 5 songs appear on the album. The performance came on the end of a successful European tour. The tour helped Otis gain popularity in the white youth record market of that time, particularly since the Monterey show was attended by so many people from the U.S. music business. Otis died less than 6 months later.
Jimi Hendrix performed on the final evening of the festival, June 18, 1967. Brian Jones of The Rolling Stones, who did not perform at the festival, introduced The Jimi Hendrix Experience. Hendrix was almost entirely unknown in America at that time but was very well known amongst the rock stars of London, where he had been playing club gigs and recruiting the members of his trio. Pete Townsend of the Who knew the incendiary power of Hendrix's act and refused to follow the Experience at Monterey. Hendrix performed 9 songs that night, only 4 of which were included on this album. The other 5 songs left off the album were: "Killing Floor", "Foxy Lady", "Hey Joe", "The Wind Cries Mary" and "Purple Haze". Studio versions of 4 of those omitted songs appeared on the Experience's first US album released later that same year.
Release.
Reprise was restless for a new album release from one of its hottest stars, but Hendrix had not delivered new material to Reprise in two years. Reprise decided not to wait any longer and released the Monterey album. It was an opportune move because Hendrix died just after the album hit stores. The album hit 15 on the Billboard album chart. It was impressive for an album of material that had sat on the shelf for three years. It also fueled the idea at Reprise and other record companies that old material could be repackaged and sold to Hendrix fans. Although the "Monterey International Pop Festival" album was released three years after being recorded, it became highly acclaimed.
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review of the album, Jeffrey Drucker of "Rolling Stone" magazine said that "memories are made of sets like this" and that, "even if you weren't , you'll find some very satisfying music by two of our most gifted artists." In a 1981 review, music critic Robert Christgau called it "as evocative a distillation of the hippie moment in all its hope and contradiction as you'll ever hear." He called Redding and Hendrix "two radically different black artists showboating at the nativity of the new white rock audience", and critiqued that, although "both have performed more subtly and more brilliantly," they were "equally audacious and equally wonderful" at the festival. In a mixed review, Allmusic's Bruce Eder felt that, although it was a significant album upon its release, it is now "purely of historic interest as an artifact of the time."

</doc>
<doc id="9642346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642346" title="Harold L. Tysinger">
Harold L. Tysinger

Harold Lewis "Hal" Tysinger, (9 October 1917 in Rowan County, North Carolina – 28 March 2005 in Moore County, NC)
Hal was a World War II veteran of the United States Navy, serving in the Atlantic, Mediterranean, and Pacific theaters and rising to the rank of Lt. Commander.
After the war Hal returned to his native North Carolina and pursued a career as a photographer.
References.
Durham (NC) Herald-Sun, Obituaries, 29 March 2005

</doc>
<doc id="9642371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642371" title="Japanese gunboat Sumida (1903)">
Japanese gunboat Sumida (1903)

History.
"Sumida" was the first gunboat in the Imperial Japanese Navy inventory designed specifically for inland river service. The need for such a vessel to operate on the rivers of the Asian mainland to protect Japanese commercial interests at various treaty ports had been perceived even before the Boxer Rebellion. The Japanese government turned to the United Kingdom, and placed an order for such two such vessels in 1903: one the "Sumida" to John I. Thornycroft & Company and the other to Yarrow Shipbuilders in Scotland.
"Sumida", was slightly larger than "Fushimi" and easily distinguishable by having one smokestack to "Fushimi's" twin stack.
"Sumida" was launched in June 1903, but was brought to Shanghai for final fitting out, but work was halted by official British neutrality in the Russo-Japanese War, the unfinished ship was impounded in until the end of that conflict. She was finally commissioned into the Japanese navy as a second-class gunboat on June 17, 1906.
"Sumida" remained based at the International Settlement in Shanghai. During World War I, due to the official neutrality of the Republic of China, "Sumida'"s weaponry was placed under lock in 1914, and was not freed until China officially joined the Allies.
"Sumida" saw combat service in the Second Sino-Japanese War, beginning with the First Shanghai Incident in 1931. "Sumida" continued to operate on the Yangtze River in China during the early 1930s, but was already considered obsolete, and was struck from the navy list on May 25, 1906. She was scrapped on March 31, 1935 at Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="9642374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642374" title="Ministry of Finance and Public Credit (Colombia)">
Ministry of Finance and Public Credit (Colombia)

The Ministry of Finance and Public Credit (), is the national executive ministry of the Government of Colombia responsible for the financial and budgetary matters of the country as well as implementing the financial policies passed by Congress, equivalent to the finance ministries of other countries.
The Ministry was created on 18 July 1923 by fusing together the existing Ministries of Finance and of the Treasury.
The Ministry of Finance and Public Credit is active in developing financial inclusion policy and is a member of the Alliance for Financial Inclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="9642383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642383" title="Stanley Sheldon">
Stanley Sheldon

Stanley Sheldon is a bass guitar player best known for his work with Peter Frampton. He is notable as an early adopter of the fretless bass for rock music.
Sheldon was born in 1950 in Ottawa, Kansas where he joined his first band, "The Lost Souls". His first recorded work with Frampton was the wildly successful live album "Frampton Comes Alive!" in 1976. He played on subsequent Frampton albums, "I'm in You" (1977) and "Where I Should Be" (1979). In 2007, he contributed as co-writer and bass player on Frampton's 2007 Grammy winning instrumental album "Fingerprints" and currently tours as a permanent member of Frampton’s band.
Sheldon has also recorded with his late friend Tommy Bolin on Teaser and performs on various Bolin archival releases. Other recorded works include Lou Gramm "Ready or Not", and Ronin (1980), a co-assembled group of session musicians, Sheldon, Waddy Wachtel, Rick Marotta, and Dan Dugmore. Sheldon toured with Warren Zevon on Zevon's 1978 "Excitable Boy" tour and did recording work for the Christian music songwriter David Ruis. He co-produced and played on the Mayhew Family album "Songs from the Third Floor" (2004) and EP "Watch Out" (2009). In 2008, he toured as the bassist for the Delbert McClinton band. Sheldon has also performed on Hollywood movie soundtracks, most notably the Cheech and Chong comedy Up in Smoke.
Sheldon devoted most of the 90's to Latin American Studies at the University of Kansas, earning a Master's Degree. During this period he travelled widely throughout Latin America with his studies focused on slave society of the nineteenth century in Latin American countries and how its influence on past music continues to affect the transformation and hybridization of world music today. During this time, Sheldon played with various versions of a band that played "son" and "salsa", often to sizable dance crowds. 
Sheldon has a passion for teaching and, when not touring, he is offering bass lessons for students of all ages at Blues to Bach Music Center in Shawnee, Kansas.
"

</doc>
<doc id="9642391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642391" title="Santos Rivera">
Santos Rivera

Santos Noel Rivera Ayala (born April 8, 1974 in San Luis de la Reina, El Salvador) is a former Salvadoran football goalkeeper.
Club career.
Rivera started his career at Salvadoran second division side Santiagueño and moved to Premier Division outfit ADET in 1993. After six years there, he joined Municipal Limeño for another four years before he finally moved to one of the country's top teams for a short spell at Águila. He returned to Águila after another short stint at FAS. He did not win a league title during his playing career and retired from the game in 2009 to become goalkeeper coach of Águila.
International career.
Nicknamed "el Negro", Rivera made his debut for El Salvador in a November 1995 friendly match against Yugoslavia when he came on as a substitute for Raúl Antonio García. He has earned a total of 22 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 7 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2005 UNCAF Nations Cup, as well as at the 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup and 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cups.
His final international game was a February 2005 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Costa Rica.
Managerial career.
In May 2010 Rivera left his position of goalkeeper coach of Águila to become coach of the Águila reserves but in summer 2011, he was dismissed despite his contract running until 2015. In October 2011 he was named as successor to Luis Ramírez Zapata at the Department of Culture and Sports of the San Miguel mayorship.

</doc>
<doc id="9642404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642404" title="Gerson Goldhaber">
Gerson Goldhaber

Gerson Goldhaber (February 20, 1924 – July 19, 2010) was a German-born American particle physicist and astrophysicist. He was one of the discoverers of the J/ψ meson which confirmed the existence of the charm quark. He worked at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory with the Supernova Cosmology Project, and was a professor of physics emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley as well as a professor at Berkeley's graduate school in astrophysics.
Biography.
Goldhaber was born on February 20, 1924 in Germany. His Jewish family fled Nazi Germany to Egypt and Goldhaber earned a master's degree in physics in 1947 from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Goldhaber was awarded his Ph.D. in 1950 from the University of Wisconsin and became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1953 while he was on the faculty of Columbia University.
Goldhaber became a professor at the University of California, Berkeley and did additional work at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. At Berkeley, Goldhaber was part of a particle physics research team that used photographic emulsion to track the movements of subatomic particles in proton-proton scattering experiments that led to the identification of the antiproton, a discovery that earned Owen Chamberlain and Emilio G. Segrè the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1959. 
A particle he discovered in 1963 was given the name A meson, named after his son Amos.
In 1974, Goldhaber was part of a team at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center led by Burton Richter that co-discovered the J/ψ meson, a flavor-neutral meson consisting of a charm quark and a charm antiquark. Richter was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1976 for his research, together with Samuel C. C. Ting of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who found the particle as part of his own research. For his work on the project, Goldhaber won the American Physical Society's Panofsky Prize and was named California Scientist of the Year.
He later became involved with Rich Muller, Carl Pennypacker and Saul Perlmutter, of the Supernova Cosmology Project. The project, founded in 1988 at Lawrence Berkeley, searched the universe for signs of supernovae, which could be used to determine the rate at which the universe was expanding. By 1997, data that the group had gathered provided evidence that the rate of the expansion of the universe was increasing due to what they termed dark energy, contrary to the prevailing theory that expansion would slow down and ultimately reverse itself with a Big Crunch as the ultimate fate of the universe.
Goldhaber was a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences and the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Together with Robert N. Cahn, Goldhaber co-wrote the text "The Experimental Foundations of Particle Physics".
A resident of Berkeley, California, Goldhaber died at his home there at age 86 on July 19, 2010. He was survived by his second wife, science writer Judith Margoshes, as well as two daughters, a son and three grandchildren. During their 41-year marriage, he collaborated with Judith on two books of sonnets, which were illustrated with watercolors he had painted. His marriage to nuclear chemist Sulamith Goldhaber ended with her death from a brain tumor in 1965 while the couple was traveling in India. Goldhaber's brother Maurice was a particle physicist who served as director of the Brookhaven National Laboratory, one of many physicists in Goldhaber's family.

</doc>
<doc id="9642417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642417" title="Qadam Rasul">
Qadam Rasul

Qadam Rasul (English: "Footprint of the Messenger") is a type of veneration of Muhammad. It comes from the belief started early in Islam that when Muhammad stepped on a rock his footprint left an imprint. This belief was never accepted by orthodox brands of Islam; however, the idea was disseminated widely and led to the creation of many shrines around such imprints. Some examples are the Shrine of the Holy Footprint in Delhi, and the displays in the Topkapı Palace and the Eyüp Sultan Mosque at Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="9642419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642419" title="Pezzo capriccioso">
Pezzo capriccioso

Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky composed his Pezzo capriccioso, Op. 62, for cello and orchestra in a single week in August 1887. Belying its title, this work is written in the somber key of B minor, the same key as the Symphony No. 6 "Pathétique". The "Pezzo" is not capricious in a lighthearted sense. The "capriccioso" aspect comes from Tchaikovsky's fanciful treatment of various aspects of the work's simple theme. Despite some rapid passages and a turn to the major key, Tchaikovsky preserves the basic pulse and sober mood throughout the piece.
The sobriety was a result of Tchaikovsky's sufferings with his friend Nikolay Kondratyev. Kondratyev was in the final throes of syphilis. After a brief remission, he had been taken to Aachen, Germany, where his family hoped the mineral waters there would prolong his life at least a few months. Instead, Kondratyev had taken a turn for the worse. Moreover, he proved a highly unpredictable, volatile and demanding patient, which unnerved the already death-shy Tchaikovsky. A visit to see friends in Paris—among them cellist Anatoliy Brandukov—proved only a brief respite.
All this suffering poured through the music Tchaikovsky was writing, as well. Tchaikovsky wrote Brandukov on August 25, "I have written a small cello piece, and would like you to look through it, and put the final touches to the cello part." Two days later he had begun to make the piano score of the piece, and on 31st he began orchestrating it. 
The first performance of the "Pezzo capriccioso", in its arrangement for piano accompaniment, took place on at the home of M. P. Benardaky, during Tchaikovsky's visit to Paris. Brandukov was soloist, with the composer at the keyboard. The first performance of the orchestral version was given by Brandukov in Moscow at a special concert of the Russian Musical Society on November 25, 1889. Tchaikovsky conducted the orchestra.
P. Jurgenson published the "Pezzo capriccioso" in 1888—the orchestral parts in January, and the arrangement for cello with piano in March. Publication of the full score was delayed because Tchaikovsky had taken the manuscript abroad with him, and did not return it to Jurgenson until May 6, 1888. The full score was printed in July the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="9642421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642421" title="Cronulla-Caringbah Junior Rugby League Football Club">
Cronulla-Caringbah Junior Rugby League Football Club

Cronulla-Caringbah Junior Rugby League Football Club is a junior and amateur rugby league football club that was formed in 1952 and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League; the junior side of the club was formed in 1963 to coincide with the formation of the CSDJRFL. The club is based out of Woolooware where its headquarters are located and usually draws on the large majority of its junior players from that suburb and the surrounding areas of Caringbah and Cronulla.
The Cronulla-Caringbah club currently field teams from Under 8 age groups all the way up to A Grade.
The Cronulla Caringbah Sharks had another successful season in 2007 with 5 teams winning their respective Grand Finals.
The 2007 Premiership winning teams are : 
Under 10B's Sharks 36 - 6 Gymea Gorilla's 
Under 11B's Sharks 12 - 4 Gymea Gorilla's 
Under 13A's Sharks 26 - 4 Gymea Gorilla's 
Under 17's Sharks 30 - 12 Gymea Gorilla's - *UNDER 17's Grand Final Photos 
Under 19's Sharks 30 - 22 De La Salle. - *UNDER 19's Grand Final Photos 

</doc>
<doc id="9642440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642440" title="Topeka RoadRunners">
Topeka RoadRunners

The Topeka RoadRunners is a Tier II Junior A ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's Southern Division. The team's home arena is the 7,777-seat Landon Arena in Topeka, Kansas.
History.
Lone Star Cavalry.
The Lone Star Cavalry were granted an expansion franchise in the America West Hockey League in March 2003. They stayed in the league when it merged with the North American Hockey League for the 2003-2004 season. The Cavalry played out of the Blue Line Ice Complex in North Richland Hills, Texas and served the immediate "Mid-Cities" area of Metro Dallas-Fort Worth. The Cavalry were part of the “new” NAHL’s South Division along with the Central Texas Blackhawks, Fairbanks Ice Dogs, Springfield (MO) Spirit, Texas Tornado, Texarkana Bandits and Wichita Falls Rustlers.
Santa Fe RoadRunners.
After financial difficulties caused the Cavalry’s home rink, the Blue Line Ice Complex, to close, the Cavalry were left without a home, due to this and other factors the Cavalry ended up being sold and relocated to Santa Fe. The team was granted membership on September 20, 2004 and began play on September 25, 2004 under their new identity as the Santa Fe RoadRunners. The Santa Fe RoadRunners played out of the Genoveva Chavez Community Center in Santa Fe, New Mexico. In their inaugural season in New Mexico, the RoadRunners played in the South Division, against the Central Texas Marshals, Springfield (IL) Junior Blues, Springfield (MO) Spirit, Texarkana Bandits, Texas Tornado and the Wichita Falls Wildcats, finishing with a 33-15-8 record, good for 3rd place in the division. The following season they finished dead last in the South Division behind the Texas Tornado, Texarkana Bandits, Springfield (IL) Junior Blues, and the Wichita Falls Wildcats. The third and final season in Santa Fe saw the RoadRunners finishing with a 41-17-4 record for 2nd place in a South Division which consisted of the St. Louis Bandits, Texas Tornado, Fairbanks Ice Dogs, Wichita Falls Wildcats, and the Alaska Avalanche.
Topeka RoadRunners.
On 26 February 2007, the team announced their move to Topeka from Santa Fe, New Mexico. Poor attendance was said to be the reason for the move to Topeka. Santa Fe ranked 17th out of 18 teams in attendance.
The move to Topeka was initiated by a grass roots effort, led by hockey fans from Topeka. In 2005 Topeka Hockey 07' set a goal to obtain an interested owner to believe in the vision they had and be playing in Topeka in 2007 giving the franchise enough time to build a relationship with the city and its business community. Topeka Hockey '07 was founded by two guys with a passion for the game, Mike Cline and Jason "The Bucketman" Simonsen with the interest of finding an owner that could make money in Topeka. Topeka Hockey '07, had built a business model and sent out packets to teams in markets all across the country looking for one of them to either relocate or expand and buy a second franchise to play in the NAHL in Topeka, KS.
In their first season in Topeka, 2007–2008, they were third in league attendance. That season the team won the NAHL South Division and South Division Playoffs. They finished in third place at the Robertson Cup competition.
The 2008-2009 season saw the RoadRunners finishing fourth in league attendance and 2nd in the South Division. The team lost in the second round of the South Division playoffs. In 2009-2010 The RoadRunners finished first in the South Division, and they were second in attendance. The 2010-2011 season saw the RoadRunners claim the NAHL President's Cup as the league's regular season champions.
Players.
Honored members.
"Retired numbers": The Topeka RoadRunners have officially retired two number in franchise history, the 11 of forward and team captain John Stoddard, and the 21 of Peter Halash

</doc>
<doc id="9642454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642454" title="Fernando Rielo">
Fernando Rielo

Fernando Rielo Pardal (28 August 1923 – 6 December 2004) was a mystical poet, philosopher, author, metaphysician, and Founder of a Catholic religious institute. Rielo also founded a school of thought and a foundation based on a new metaphysics. His metaphysics is called the Genetic metaphysics of Fernando Rielo and the foundation is called the Fernando Rielo Foundation. The foundation awards the Fernando Rielo World Prize for Mystical Poetry annually. The religious congregation founded by Rielo is called the Idente Missionaries of Christ the Redeemer. The Idente Missionaries were founded in 1959 on the island of Tenerife, Spain. Fernando is an author of many books and works, mostly in Spanish and being translated into other languages, including English.
Early years.
Fernando Rielo was born on 28 August 1923 in Madrid, to his father, Enrique and his mother, Pilar Pardal. He was keenly interested in drawing during his childhood years. When he entered adolescence, the Spanish Civil War broke out, affecting people in many Spanish cities, including Madrid. Fernando once stood before a firing squad during the war, when he was receiving his First Holy Communion. The leader of the squad asked him to renounce his faith, but Fernando refused. However, the leader finally decided not to order his men to shoot Fernando.
Youth.
Fernando Rielo was interested in reading philosophical works, including Immanuel Kant's Critique of Pure Reason. Fernando developed a keen interest in art, reading the Argentine cultural journal, Billiken. His father encouraged him to read several Oriental Classics too. During these years, he studied for the Spanish Civil Service examination and performed well in it, securing a high grade. He then found employment as an Administrator and went to Granada for work. There he met and fell in love with a young woman. Fernando's ideal was to marry and form a family. According to the upbringing of his time, he wanted to father a child. However, he renounced marriage after a vision at the foot of the Sierra Nevada.
Motus Christi.
Fernando wanted to study further and wanted to apply to the Central University of Madrid (now the University of Madrid). He intended to study Philosophy and Letters and become a professor at the University. However, he went to a church and met a Redemptorist priest. He then decided to join the Redemptorist seminary of Nava Del Ray. During his priestly studies, he liked to encourage his fellow students in preparation for their future missions. He began a movement called Motus Christi (the Movement of Christ) to revive their spiritual life.
Profession.
Fernando could not remain in the Redemptorist Insititute. When he completed his ecclesiastical studies, a number of coinciding events occurred as a result of which he could not receive priestly ordination. Fernando had shared his work on the "Christus" movement with the General Superior, who was a Belgian, who was pleased with the movement. However, the General would not remain alive for long, and succumbed to cancer of the pancreas. Fernando made his public profession during this period.
Fernando then consulted a highly respected professor about his situation. He told Fernando after three days of prayer to leave the congregation. He remained with the Redemptorists till 1956. During the Christmas that year, he read the text loud before several witnesses, indicating that his profession would be immutable.
Tenerife.
Fernando had to finally leave the Redemptorists. he established a religious institute, which was to be a painful journey for him.
Fernando, after leaving the Redemptorist house, continued with his professional life. He was sent to the island of Tenerife, in the Canary islands to work actively as a Government employee. He arrived in Tenerife on 6 January 1957. After two years, and much pain and hard work, Fernando founded the Institute. On 29 June 1959, the official statutes were presented to Most Rev. Domingo Pérez Cáceres, the Bishop of the Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="9642457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642457" title="Daniel Pierce Thompson">
Daniel Pierce Thompson

Daniel Pierce Thompson (October 1, 1795–June 6, 1868) was an American author and lawyer who served as Vermont Secretary of State and was New England's most famous novelist prior to Nathaniel Hawthorne.
Early life.
Daniel P. Thompson was born in Charlestown, Massachusetts on October 1, 1795 and moved to Vermont with his family in 1800. He was raised in Berlin, Vermont, graduated from Middlebury College in 1820, studied law, and became an attorney in Montpelier.
Legal and political career.
Thompson was Washington County Register of Probate from 1825 to 1830, and Engrossing Clerk of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1830 to 1833 and 1834 to 1836.
Thompson became active in the Liberty Party and was active in the abolition movement. From 1849 to 1856 he edited the anti-slavery Green Mountain Freeman newspaper.
He was Washington County Probate Judge from 1837 to 1842, and he compiled 1835's "Laws of Vermont". In 1838 he was a founder of the Vermont Historical Society.
He served as Washington County Clerk from 1844 to 1846. From 1853 to 1855 he was Vermont Secretary of State.
He joined the Republican Party at its founding in the 1850s.
Career as author.
Influenced by James Fenimore Cooper and Walter Scott, he wrote historical adventure and romance novels, many of which feature life in Vermont.
In 1835 he authored "May Martin, or the Money Diggers". Its favorable reception established his popularity, and he specialized in Vermont during the Colonial and Revolutionary War eras.
His writings include a satirizing of Anti-Masonry, "The Adventures of Timothy Peacock" (1835); "The Green Mountain Boys" (1840); "Locke Amsden, or the Schoolmaster" (1845); "The Shaker Lovers, and Other Tales" (1848); "Lucy Hosmer, or the Guardian and the Ghost" (1849); "The Rangers, or the Tory's Daughter" (1850); "The Tales of the Green Mountains" (1852); "Gaut Gurley, a Tale of the Umbagog" (1857); "The Doomed Chief, or King Philip" (1860); and "Centeola" (1864).
Thompson also authored 1859's "History of the Town of Montpelier".
New England's most famous novelist of the 1840s and 1850s, Thompson's work was responsible for imprinting the story of Ethan Allen and the Green Mountain Boys in the public's consciousness. His ability to tell action and adventure stories plainly and quickly made his novels popular well into the 1900s, and many of his books are still in print.
Death and burial.
Thompson died in Montpelier on June 6, 1868. He was buried at Green Mount Cemetery in Montpelier.
Family.
He and Eunice Robinson of Troy, Vermont married in 1831 and they had five children—George Robinson (1834-1871); Alma (b. 1837); William P. (b. 1839); Frances (b. 1842); and Daniel Greenleaf (1850-1897).
Thompson was an ancestor of U.S. Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas.

</doc>
<doc id="9642459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642459" title="Haverhill High School">
Haverhill High School

Haverhill High School is an American high school in Haverhill, Massachusetts. It enrolls about 2,200 students in grades 9 through 12. The school offers a variety of Advanced Placement classes, a wide range of clubs, a number of varsity and junior varsity sports, as well as a program entitled the "Classical Academy". The Classical Academy is a school-within-a-school program and has a prescribed curriculum. It offers a rigorous curriculum consisting of entirely honors and AP classes. The Classical Academy is currently underway in its fifth year, and will be offered to future students via a test. The school also offers other services. The campus includes the Charles C. White Swimming Pool, the Manuel Epstein Library Media Center HHS/LMC and the Veterans' Memorial Skating Rink. At the school's entrance is a replica of one of the famous statues by Michelangelo in Tomb of Leorenzo De' Medici, affectionately nicknamed "The Thinker".
Haverhill High Mission Statement
"The Mission of Haverhill High School is to produce self-directed learners who read, write, and speak effectively in Standard English and who apply analytical and technological skills to interpret information and problem solve."
Bob Montana, the creator of Archie Comics, based the high school featured in his popular comics, Riverdale High School, on Haverhill High. Even the comic's school newspaper, "The Blue and Gold", indirectly references Haverhill High's student paper, "The Brown and Gold". The high school in the comics is based on Haverhill High's old building, which has since become Haverhill City Hall. Haverhill High School relocated to 137 Monument Street. 
Athletics.
High School's mascot is Michelangelo's "The Thinker"("Il Penseroso") but is commonly mistaken for Auguste Rodin's "The Thinker." 
The athletic teams are called the "Hillies," which is short for "Hilltoppers" - the cannons on the top of hills to defend against infidels during war periods.
The school colors are brown and gold.
There are 18 varsity level sports at the school: Field Hockey, Cross Country (recently ranked one of the best teams in the state), Golf, Swimming, Football, Basketball, Soccer, Volleyball, Football and Basketball Cheerleading, Indoor Track, Outdoor Track, Skiing, Wrestling, Ice Hockey, Baseball, Softball, Tennis, and Lacrosse.
Haverhill's Swimming coach is Mr. George Nigro.
Haverhill High school engages in a biannual dodgeball tournament. This year's Autumn tournament victor was The Kings whose name had to be shortened due to obscenities. 
Haverhill High competes in the Merrimack Valley Conference and is a member of the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association (MIAA)
Clubs and activities.
There are about 35 teams, clubs and activities in which students can participate. Of which is included the "Haverhill Robotics Team", which recently came in First Place in the USA in the Zero Robotics Competition run by NASA and MIT. The club features both middle schoolers, and high schoolers, who do not have to be a part of the Haverhill Public Schools, in fact, many members attend Whittier Regional Vocational Technical High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9642466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642466" title="Japanese gunboat Hozu">
Japanese gunboat Hozu

On August 13, 1937 "Hozu" and other IJN ships bombarded Chinese positions at Shanghai. On December 13 "Hozu" and other ships engaged Chinese positions at Xiaguan and attacked Chinese boats and rafts on the Yangtze River. On December 5, 1944 "Hozu" and the gunboat "Hira" ran aground near Anking. They were subsequently bombed by Chinese aircraft, "Hira" was damaged and "Hozu" was sunk. The wreck was scrapped 1945

</doc>
<doc id="9642468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642468" title="Police Integrity Commission">
Police Integrity Commission

The Police Integrity Commission, a statutory corporation of the New South Wales Government, is responsible for the prevention, detection, and investigation of alleged serious misconduct in the Police Force in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
The Commission was established on 1 July 1996 pursuant to the following the Wood Royal Commission into the New South Wales Police Service.
The Commission is led by a Commissioner, presently Bruce James QC. The Commission previously reported to the Minister for Police and Emergency Services, but since 2011 it has reported to the Premier. An independent Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission provides oversight of the operational functions of the Commission.
History.
The Commission was set up following a recommendation by the Royal Commission into the New South Wales Police Service. That recommendation, among others, led to a radical transformation of the police service in New South Wales. The Commission can be seen as the successor to the Royal Commission, although the Commission's powers and duties are far more extensive than those granted to the Royal Commission.
The Commission only looks into serious police misconduct and can refuse to investigate. There is no other body or Commission that looks into police misconduct except for the NSW Ombudsman. However, the Ombudsman, as a matter of procedure, will refer any complaints made about police or unsatisfactory police investigations back to the area command or the investigating officer.
Constitution.
The Commission is established under the . The act sets out the principal functions of the Commission. They include:
The Commission employs a variety of experienced staff including lawyers, accountants, police, investigators and analysts. Where police officers are employed, they are employed from overseas or interstate.
The Commission has extensive powers to summons witnesses and require the production of documents by third parties in relation to an investigation. The Commissioner may issue a warrant for the arrest of a witness who does not appear in answer to a summons. The Commissioner may direct that a prisoner be brought out of prison to be examined. The Commission may also issue search warrants to search and seize property.
Hearings.
The Commission may conduct public or private hearings depending on the nature of the allegations. A hearing may be partly heard in private and partly in public.
The Commissioner has the discretion to allow persons to appear and take part in a hearing. There is no automatic right of appearance.
Similarly, the Commissioner may allow a person to be legally represented. Generally, the Commission must give a person giving evidence the opportunity to be legally represented.
Address.
St James Centre
Level 3, 111 Elizabeth Street, SYDNEY NSW 2000
Telephone: (02) 9321 6700
Fax: (02) 9321 6799
Postal Address: 
GPO BOX 3880, SYDNEY NSW 2001
Parliamentary Joint Committee.
The Committee on the Ombudsman, the Police Integrity Commission and the Crime Commission is a current joint statutory committee (established 4 Dec 1990, re-established 22 June 2011) that has a statutory oversight over the Commission. This includes monitoring and reviewing the exercise by the Commission and the Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission of their functions. The committee may report to both Houses of Parliament on any of those matters raised. The committee also examines each annual report and other report of the Commission and of the Inspector and report to both Houses of Parliament on any matter arising out those reports. The committee may also examine trends and changes in police corruption, and practices and methods relating to police corruption, and report to both Houses of Parliament any changes which the Joint Committee thinks desirable to the functions, structures and procedures of the Commission and the Inspector. Lastly, the committee may inquire into any question in connection with its functions which is referred to it by both Houses of Parliament, and report to both Houses on that question.
The members of the committee as at 30 December 2013 were:
Inspector of the commission.
The act provides for the appointment of an inspector of the Commission. The inspector is an independent person of the Commission has the authority to investigate complaints against the Commission. For further information, see the Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="9642489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642489" title="Buenos Aires Vice Versa">
Buenos Aires Vice Versa

Buenos Aires Vice Versa () is an 1991 Argentine and Dutch dramatic film, written and directed by Alejandro Agresti. The film was produced by Alejandro Agresti and Axel Harding, and co-produced by Emjay Rechsteiner.
The picture deals with the alienation felt by the children who survived the Argentine military dictatorship of the 1970s.
Plot.
Opening Title Graphic:As the film begins a message appears and reminds the audience that approximately 30,000 people died during the Dirty War due to the military dictatorship's reign during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
The story is then dedicated to the surviving children of the murdered. Two such children, now adults are the main characters. One, Daniela (Vera Fogwill), now has her degree in film and is having trouble finding work. She's hired by an older couple, living in recluse, to film Buenos Aires for them. She goes out and documents the city. Yet, her customers are upset as they don't remember the Buenos Aires Daniela has filmed. She then shoots a reel of tourist-type shots. The other, Damián, played by Nicolás Pauls, works in a low-rent motel who discovers the real story about his parents during the dictatorship.
The story is largely episodic, mashing together more than 6 different story lines.
Background.
The film is based on the aftermath of the real political events that took place in Argentina after Jorge Rafael Videla's reactionary military "junta" assumed power on March 24, 1976. During the junta's rule: the parliament was suspended, unions, political parties and provincial governments were banned, and in what became known as the Dirty War between 9,000 and 30,000 people deemed left-wing "subversives" disappeared from society.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Mar del Plata Film Festival in November 1996. It opened wide in Argentina on September 18, 1997.
The film was screened at various film festivals, including: the 1996 Cannes Film Festival, France; the Contemporary Latin American Film Series at UCLA, Los Angeles; the Oslo Film Festival, Norway; the Havana Film Festival, Cuba; and others.
Critical reception.
Film critic Karen Jaehne praised the film, and wrote, "The film tells you enough about each character to raise your sympathy and not enough to let us see any possible resolution of the dilemma of loneliness. It's an intelligent film that observes mannerisms and social behavior in a way that makes you nod and say, yes, that's how it is...It builds toward a very powerful ending that reminds us of all urban disaster, but the problem that has made Buenos Aires a metropolitan orphanage is undeniable. "Buenos Aires - Vice Versa" is a wise film - worth watching and will undoubtedly make it to a festival near you."
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9642500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642500" title="Japanese gunboat Futami">
Japanese gunboat Futami


</doc>
<doc id="9642516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642516" title="Jaideep Mehrotra">
Jaideep Mehrotra

Jaideep Mehrotra (born 1954, Mumbai, India) is an Indian artist. He did his schooling from Mayo College, Ajmer Starting his artistic career at a young age of 13, Mehrotra works across mediums like Oils, acrylics, cast resin sculptures, giclee prints, site specific installations and video art. Having had no formal training in art, Jaideep's style has been developed as a concatenation from introspection and exploration.
Mehrotra's works maneuver away from conforming to the orthodox approaches. His paintings combine an aesthetic relation between various layers from which emerges a culmination which is rich in visual portrayal and intense in intellectual ideology.
Works.
Pioneer of the digital medium in India as an art form, Mehrotra has continually pushed the conceptual thresholds of his visual language in order to integrate different elements in his works - the historical with the contemporary, the traditional with the modern.
Jaideep held his first solo exhibition in 1967 at the age of 13. The creative quest of not confining to parameters, has driven him to experiment with different mediums & subjects, both within and without the two dimensional. This foray has led him to sculpture, using fabric and resin and the digital domain of installations, web based art, Giclée, audio-visual depiction and short films.
Influences.
In his youth, Jaideep was influenced by surrealist artists such as Salvador Dalí & Bikash Bhattacharjee. As an adult, the content of his work embraces both social commentary and arcane phenomenon. Paintings about life as perceived by society, or an enigma of sorts. People’s relationship with their emotions and the interactivity with what surrounds them.

</doc>
<doc id="9642517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642517" title="Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum">
Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum

The Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum, subsequently the Weston State Hospital, was a Kirkbride psychiatric hospital that operated from 1864 until 1994 by the government of the U.S. state of West Virginia, in the city of Weston. Built by architect Richard Andrews, it was constructed from 1858- 1881. Originally designed to hold 250 people, it became overcrowded in the 1950s with 2,400 patients. It was forcibly closed in 1994 due to changes in treatments of patients. The first to be committed was a female housekeeper. The hospital was bought by Joe Jordan in 2007, and partly opened to tours and other money raising events for its restoration. The hospital's main building is one of the largest hand-cut stone masonry buildings in the United States, and, is the second largest hand-cut sandstone building in the World, with the only bigger one being The Kremlin. As Weston Hospital Main Building, was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1990.
History.
The hospital was authorized by the Virginia General Assembly in the early 1850s as the Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum. Following consultations with Thomas Story Kirkbride, then-superintendent of the Pennsylvania Hospital for the Insane, a building in the Kirkbride Plan was designed in the Gothic Revival and Tudor Revival styles by Richard Snowden Andrews (1830–1903), an architect from Baltimore whose other commissions included the Maryland Governor's residence in Annapolis and the south wing of the U.S. Treasury building in Washington. Construction on the site, along the West Fork River opposite downtown Weston, began in late 1858. Work was initially conducted by prison laborers; a local newspaper in November of that year noted "seven convict negroes" as the first arrivals for work on the project. Skilled stonemasons were later brought in from Germany and Ireland.
Construction was interrupted by the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861. Following its secession from the United States, the government of Virginia demanded the return of the hospital's unused construction funds for its defense; before this could occur, the 7th Ohio Volunteer Infantry seized the money from a local bank, delivering it to Wheeling, where it was put toward the establishment of the Reorganized Government of Virginia, which sided with the northern states during the war. The Reorganized Government appropriated money to resume construction in 1862; following the admission of West Virginia as a U.S. state in 1863, the hospital was renamed the West Virginia Hospital for the Insane. The first patients were admitted in October 1864, but construction continued into 1881. The 200-foot (61 m) central clock tower was completed in 1871, and separate rooms for black people were completed in 1873. The hospital was intended to be self-sufficient, and a farm, dairy, waterworks, and cemetery were located on its grounds, which ultimately reached in area. A gas well was drilled on the grounds in 1902. Its name was again changed to Weston State Hospital in 1913.
Originally designed to house 250 patients in solitude, the hospital held 717 patients by 1880; 1,661 in 1938; over 1,800 in 1949; and, at its peak, 2,600 in the 1950s in overcrowded conditions. A 1938 report by a survey committee organized by a group of North American medical organizations found that the hospital housed "epileptics, alcoholics, drug addicts and non-educable mental defectives" among its population. A series of reports by "The Charleston Gazette" in 1949 found poor sanitation and insufficient furniture, lighting, and heating in much of the complex, while one wing, which had been rebuilt using Works Progress Administration funds following a 1935 fire started by a patient, was comparatively luxurious.
By the 1980s, the hospital had a reduced population due to changes in the treatment of mental illness. Those patients that could not be controlled were often locked in cages. In 1986, then-Governor Arch Moore announced plans to build a new psychiatric facility elsewhere in the state and convert the Weston hospital to a prison. Ultimately the new facility, the William R. Sharpe Jr. Hospital, was built in Weston and the old Weston State Hospital was simply closed, in May 1994. The building and its grounds have since been mostly vacant, aside from local events such as fairs, church revivals, and tours. In 1999, all four floors of the interior of the building were damaged by several city and county police officers playing paintball, three of whom were dismissed over the incident.
Efforts toward adaptive reuse of the building have included proposals to convert the building into a Civil War Museum and a hotel and golf course complex. A non-profit 501(c)3 organization, the Weston Hospital Revitalization Committee, was formed in 2000 for the purpose of aiding in preservation of the building and finding appropriate tenants. Three small museums devoted to military history, toys, and mental health were opened on the first floor of the building in 2004, but were soon forced to close due to fire code violations.
The hospital was auctioned by the West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources on August 29, 2007. Joe Jordan, an asbestos demolition contractor from Morgantown, was the high bidder and paid $1.5 million for the building. Bidding started at $500,000. Joe Jordan has also begun maintenance projects on the former hospital grounds. In October 2007,a Fall Fest was held at the Weston State Hospital. Guided daytime tours were offered as well as a haunted hospital tour at night, a haunted hayride and a treasure hunt starting on the hospital front porch. Family hayrides, arts and crafts and local music were also offered. 
The owners are now offering historic tours and daytime paranormal tours 6-days-a-week, Ghost Tours on Friday nights, and Ghost Hunts (which last all night) on Saturday nights.
Televised paranormal investigations.
Being a reportedly haunted location, the asylum was featured on paranormal television programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9642533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642533" title="Dating Stephy">
Dating Stephy

Dating Stephy is an album by Stephy Tang, and was released on February 14, 2007 in three different versions. It was released in conjunction with Valentine's Day in order to match the theme of the album. At the same time, the song "Qi Xi" also resembles the Chinese equivalent of this day of love and romance. Stephy herself filled in the lyrics for two pieces, "Waiting for you" and "Enduring Love". In Cantonese, the meaning of Light Bulb is the presence of a third party in a romantic moment. Stephy expressed that she sang this song because she felt this way, as she have not entered a relationship with anyone since entering the music industry.
The tracks on the album are:

</doc>
<doc id="9642536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642536" title="Coloring Stephy">
Coloring Stephy

Coloring Stephy is an album by Stephy Tang, and it was released on August 5, 2005. It has three versions, featuring the color blue, red and green.
The tracks on the album are:

</doc>
<doc id="9642547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642547" title="Mad Dog Rassitano">
Mad Dog Rassitano

Mad Dog Rassitano is a Marvel Comics fictional character that first appeared in "The Mighty Thor" #426 (1990). Mad Dog was created by Pittsburgh artist Ron Frenz.
First incarnation.
Mad Dog was part of a human SWAT team, named , that dealt with super-powered criminals. The long-haired, wise-cracking Mad Dog specialized in all sorts of firearms and heavy weaponry.
Second incarnation.
Mad Dog returns in "Amazing Spider-Girl" #4. In this Marvel alternate future title, Mad Dog is completely shaven and now a bounty hunter with his own TV show.
Mad Dog now uses various super weaponry, ostensibly taken from the super-villains he brings to justice – though he has revealed to Spider-Girl that they are only replicas of the villains' weapons, made for the publicity.

</doc>
<doc id="9642550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642550" title="Utility monster">
Utility monster

The utility monster is a thought experiment in the study of ethics created by philosopher Robert Nozick in 1974 as a criticism of utilitarianism. 
The thought experiment.
A hypothetical being is proposed who receives much more utility from each unit of a resource he consumes than anyone else does. For instance, eating a cookie might bring only one unit of pleasure to an ordinary person but could bring 100 units of pleasure to a utility monster. If the utility monster can get so much pleasure from each unit of resources, it follows from utilitarianism that the distribution of resources should acknowledge this. If the utility monster existed, it would justify the mistreatment and perhaps annihilation of everyone else, according to the doctrine of utilitarianism.
This thought experiment attempts to show that utilitarianism is not actually egalitarian, even though it appears to be at first glance.
There is no way of aggregating utility which can circumvent the conclusion that all units should be given to a utility monster, because every different system has a monster and defeating one utility monster creates another. For example, in Rawls' maximin or difference principle, maximin sets a group's aggregate utility as that of the being with least utility. Thus, giving units to the utility monster fails to change the group's utility unless the utility monster has the least utility. Even if the utility monster has the least utility, maximin would only prefer allocating units to the monster until it catches up with the member that has next-to-least utility. This would defeat the "happy" utility monster of average utility. But if the person who has the least utility gains only a tiny amount of utility from each unit of resources, they may never catch up with the next person, so they can similarly consume all of the resources in the world. It can be shown that all consequentialist systems based on maximizing a global function are subject to utility monsters.
Commentary by Nozick.
In his words:
Social implications.
Capitalist economics.
The utility monster has been identified directly with capitalism, and particularly the neoliberal doctrine that free market relations are the best way to constitute society. The discipline of economics is related because it identifies "utility" as a quantity that can be optimized across human beings. According to critics, these ways of thinking produce decisions that are selfish, shortsighted, and destructive to the many while benefiting the few.
Free speech.
The utility monster has been invoked in debates about free speech. Advocates for laws against hate speech, flag-burning and blasphemy have been accused of becoming utility monsters in order to increase society's willingness to support their policies. 
Population.
The utility monster has been invoked in debates about population. , even if expanding population decreases average happiness. Opposite reasoning yields the "repugnant conclusion" that the world would be better off with one extremely happy person. Parfit suggests that Nozick's utility monster is unrealistic because one being could not experience more utility than millions of other beings put together. The implication being a more common sense continuous scale of happiness change, from great to nil, based on scarcity of units: the happiness increasing from an additional unit of resource only inversely proportional to the existing pool of units.

</doc>
<doc id="9642553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642553" title="Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission">
Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission

The Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission is a statutory position which oversees the Police Integrity Commission in New South Wales, a state of Australia.
The principal functions of the inspector are to:
to the legality or propriety of its activities.
The Hon M D Ireland QC was appointed as the first inspector on 12 June 2002. 
On 1 September 2005 the Hon James Wood QC was appointed as the inspector.

</doc>
<doc id="9642560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642560" title="Dutchman (play)">
Dutchman (play)

Dutchman is a play written by African-American playwright Amiri Baraka. It played at the Cherry Lane Theatre in Greenwich Village, New York, in March 1964 and won an Obie Award. Made into a film in 1967, "Dutchman" was the last play produced by Baraka under his birth name, LeRoi Jones. At the time, Baraka was in the process of divorcing his Jewish wife and embracing Black Nationalism. The play may be described as a political allegory depicting black, white relations during the time Baraka wrote it.
The play was revived in 2007 at the Cherry Lane Theatre starring Dulé Hill, and in 2013 was restaged by Rashid Johnson at the Russian and Turkish Baths in the East Village.
Plot.
The action focuses almost exclusively on Lula, a white woman, and Clay, a black male, who both ride the subway in New York City. Clay's name is symbolic of the malleability of black identity and black manhood. It is also symbolic of integrationist and assimilationist ideologies within the contemporary black civil rights movement. Lula boards the train eating an apple, an allusion to the Biblical Eve. The characters engage in a long, flirtatious conversation throughout the train ride.
Lula sits down next to Clay. She accuses him of staring at her buttocks. She ignores his denials and uses stereotypes to correctly guess where he lives, where he is going, what Clay's friend, Warren, looks and talks like. Lula guesses that Clay tried to get his own sister to have sex with him when he was ten. Clay is shocked by her apparent knowledge of his past and says that she must be a friend of Warren. 
Lula is glad that Clay is so easy to manipulate and puts her hand on his leg. She feeds him apples. She tells Clay to invite her out to the party he is going to. At this point, it is unclear whether Clay is really going to a party, but he tells her he really is. Lula vaguely alludes to having sex with Clay at her "apartment" after the "party." We don't know if these are real or conveniently made-up by Lula. 
Clay is gladdened by Lula's apparent liking for him and maintains a hopeful attitude to having sex together. However, he does not push his hope onto her and waits for Lula to make the offer first. 
Lula is angered by Clay's not falling for her manipulative tactics. She switches strategies and mocks Clay's Anglo-American speech, his college education and his three-button suit. She derides his being black and passive. She dances mockingly in an R&B style and tells Clay to join her and "do the nasty. Rub bellies". 
Clay, who does not respond initially, eventually grabs her and throws her down. Clay accuses Lula of knowing nothing but "luxury." He slaps her twice and tells her to leave him alone. 
Clay launches into a monologue. Clay suggests that whites let black people dance "black" dances and make "black" music. He explains that these segregatory actions assuage black Americans' anger towards whites and distracts them from accessing the "white man's intellectual legacy." Clay states that if black people stopped trying to heal their pain through dance, music, civic participation, religion, or focusing on moving upwards in American society, and became coldly rational like white people, black people would just kill all the whites and be done with racism in America. Clay says that if he were to take Lula's words to heart, he should just kill all the white people he meets. 
Although Clay says all this, he deeply rejects this plan of action. He states that he does not want to kill and that he prefers to be ignorant of the problem. He says he would rather choose to pretend to be ignorant of racism, not try to get rid of it by fighting with whites. 
Once Clay makes his confession, Lula changes strategies again. Clay makes as if to leave, but Lula coolly, rationally, stabs him twice to the heart. She directs all the other passengers, blacks and whites, in the train car to throw his body out and get out at the next stop. 
The play ends with Lula looking towards another young black man who has just boarded the now mostly empty train car. The elderly black train conductor steps into the compartment and tips Lula his hat.

</doc>
<doc id="9642561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642561" title="Bob Willson">
Bob Willson

Bob Willson (born 1928) was a host of programs on CBC Television in Winnipeg and Toronto.
His broadcasting career started at the age of 18 at CFGP Grande Prairie, Alberta.
In 1947 he moved to CKUA Edmonton.
He started with CBC in 1949 at CBW Winnipeg, and was part of the on-air staff reporting on the "Winnipeg Flood of 1950".
When CBWT started broadcasting in May 1954, he co-hosted the current affairs interview program "Spotlight" with Bruce Marsh.
In April, 1959, Bob moved to Toronto where he hosted a teen program on CBLT, "Talk of the Town".
He was the Executive Producer for radio coverage of the 1988 Olympics for CBC.

</doc>
<doc id="9642568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642568" title="Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary">
Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary

Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary, (CWS), is located 18 km north of Marayoor on SH 17 in the Marayoor and Kanthalloor Panchayats of Devikulam Taluk in the Idukki district of Kerala state in South India. It is one of twelve Wildlife Sanctuaries among the Protected areas of Kerala.
It is under the jurisdiction of and contiguous with Eravikulam National Park to the south. Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary is to the north and Kodaikanal Wildlife Sanctuary is to the east. It forms an integral part of the block of protected forests straddling the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border in the Annamalai Hills. The Western Ghats, Anamalai Sub-Cluster, including all of Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary, is under consideration by the UNESCO World Heritage Committee for selection as a World Heritage Site.
Geography.
CWS is located between latitude 10º15' - 10º21' N and Longitude 77º5' - 77º16' E.
The Munnar – Udumalpet road SH 17 passes through the Sanctuary for 16 km and divides it into nearly equal portions. Average annual rainfall is only 500 mm, spread over about 48 days, because it is in the rain shadow region of the southern Western Ghats.
The altitude ranges from at east end of the Chinnar River to at Kumarikal Malai peak. Other major peaks in the sanctuary are Nandala Malai , Kottakombu malai (), Vellaikal malai () and Viriyoottu malai . In contrast, Anamudi peak , located away in the adjacent Eravikulam National Park, is the highest peak in South India.
The Chinnar River and Pambar rivers are the major perennial water resources in the sanctuary. The Chinnar originates near Kumarikal Malai, follows the interstate boundary along the northwest edge of the sanctuary for 18 km and becomes the Amaravati River in Tamil Nadu.
The Pambar River originates in the Anaimudi Hills and is joined by seasonal rivulets and a few perennial streams originating from sholas in the upper reaches. It traverses the Turner’s Valley in Eravikulam National Park and flows down into the Sanctuary through the Taliar Valley between Kanthalloor and Marayoor Villages and eastwards through the sanctuary. It joins the Chinnar river at Koottar. The spectacular Thoovanam water falls lie deep within the Sanctuary on the Pambar River. This breathtaking cascade is a major tourist attraction. The Chinnar, Pambar, Kabani and Bhavani are the only rivers of the 44 in Kerala that flow eastwards.
Settlements and crops.
There are 11 tribal settlements inside the Chinnar WLS, each is well demarcated by temporary stone walls. The main inhabitants are Muthuvas and Pulayars. Cultivation of maize, ragi and lemongrass is practiced in the settlements. The Mudhuvas carry out small scale ganja cultivation for their religious purposes.
Fauna.
34 species of Mammals live here, including many Panthers and Spotted deer, 50 -60 Indian Elephants, Gaur, Tigers, Sambar Deer, Common langur, Bonnet Macaque, Hanuman monkey, threatened Nilgiri Tahr, vulnerable Rusty-spotted Cats and about 240 of the only vulnerable Grizzled Giant Squirrels in Kerala. 245 species of birds including Yellow-throated Bulbuls. 52 species of reptiles including 29 species of snakes, Indian Star Tortoise and the largest population of vulnerable Mugger Crocodiles in Kerala live in the Sanctuary. Most common of the 42 species of fishes observed in the Chinnar and Pambar rivers are Garra mullya minnows, River-carp baril, Giant Danio and the endangered hill stream game fish Deccan Mahseer. 22 amphibian species live in the Sanctuary. There are 156 species of butterflies.
Flora.
There are 965 species of flowering plants in the sanctuary
Ecoregions of the sanctuary comprise mostly grassland and wet grasslands vegetation and some South Western Ghats montane rain forests and high shola at the higher western elevations. South Western Ghats moist deciduous forestss at mid elevations give way to dry deciduous forests and thorny scrub forests in the lower dryer eastern edges of the valley. The major Xerophyticspecies in the throny scrub forests are Acacia arabica, Acacia leucofolia, Acacia concinna, Prosporis juliflora, and Opuntia stricta.
The Marayoor Sandalwood forest is located here.,
Major attractions include:
Grizzled Giant Squirrel: The riverine forests along with Chinnar and Pambar support a large number of highly endangered Grizzled Giant Squirrels. The sanctuary plays host to the second largest population of Grizzled Giant Squirrels in the world.
Thoovanam Waterfalls: Deep within the sanctuary, the spectacular Thoovanam waterfall is located. The river Pambar flows eastwards through the sanctuary and plummets down from a great height on the river Chinnar. Wildlife Department permit tourists to visit the falls as part of wildlife tourism.
Watch Tower: Standing on the lofty watchtower, one can have a panoramic view of the entire park and the wildlife beauties, adjoining jungles in the neighbouring state of Tamil Nadu and also the magnificent mountains far away.
Things to DO.
Tourists can enjoy the natural walk along the Chinnar and Pamber river banks. They can also find the grizzled giant squirrel. 
This is an amazing place for the trekkers also. They can enjoy the scenic beauty of the nature by moving towards Thooyanam Waterfalls. Tourists can enjoy camping here.
Regional Cooperation.
Contiguous protected areas like Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary and Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary will benefit from Regional cooperation. Senior officials of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (India), Principal Chief Conservators of Forests of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, together with other senior forest officials of these states and the Union Territory of Pondicherry, met at Thiruvananthapuram on November 3 and 4, 2006 and resolved several mutual issues concerning conservation and protection of forests and wildlife of the region.
This formalization of interstate cooperation on protected areas administration will improve effectiveness in the areas of daily staff communication including common wireless frequencies, joint enforcement action, boundary survey and demarcation, management of cross border resources like Biosphere Reserves, National Parks, Tiger reserves and Wildlife Sanctuaries, technology, staff and intelligence sharing and coordinated communication with the Govt. of India. A regular conference of the Forest Ministers and forest officials of the southern states are held once a year, in rotation in each State.
Visitor information.
Eco-tourism is promoted and organized jointly by the Forest Department and the Eco Development Committees (EDCs) of the local tribal communities, the objective is to empower latter and involve them in the conservation of the forest ecosystem.
Trek paths most commonly used are the Chinnar – Chullipetty and Chinnar – Koottar. Trekking to the Dolmens, the megalithic burial sites of tribal communities in Alampatti, can be arranged. Daytime sighting of crocodiles and boars is possible while hiking along the riverside. The trail will also take you to the enchanting Thoovanam falls and to the watchtower in Jellimalai. 
The lofty Chinnar Watch Tower has a panoramic view of the entire sanctuary, and beyond to the jungles of Tamil Nadu to the east and the majestic hills of the Western Ghats in all directions. The watch tower is accessible to the public with the permission of the forest department. The watchtower is a 20-minute walk from the Chinnar check post. A fee of Rs. 15 per person is collected at the tower. A Forest guard and tourist guide accompanies visitors. The guide charges Rs. 100 a day.
Accommodations are available in three suites at the Forest guesthouse for Rs. 400 per room without food. Treetop machans, arranged by the Forest Department, cost Rs. 1,000 for an overnight stay for two. Camping overnight in tribal huts at Vasyappara gives opportunities to sight elephants, peacocks, langur, deer and the giant squirrel. Camping at the Vasyappara huts cost Rs. 2,000 (including dinner, night stay and breakfast). The Forest Department also arranges accommodation at log houses in Churlipatti. Dormitory facilities are also available at Chinnar.
However visitiors must be warned that there are no means of buying anything to eat or drink at chinnar except the odd pack of milk biscuits and a few bottles of water.
Contact: The Wildlife Warden, Munnar division, Munnar-685612. Ph: 04865-231587; Email: emppmunnar@sify.com
or: The Wildlife Warden, Idukki Wildlife Division, Idukki, Vellapara, Painavu P.O, Kerala-686 603, phone: 0486-232271
or: The Assistant Wildlife Warden, Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary, Marayoor P.O. via, Munnar, Idukki District, Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="9642570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642570" title="Weston Hospital">
Weston Hospital

Weston Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9642590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642590" title="Bourbon Red">
Bourbon Red

The Bourbon Red is a breed of domestic turkey named for its unique reddish plumage and for Bourbon County, Kentucky. The breed standard indicates mature Bourbon Red toms (males) weigh , and mature hens (females) weigh . The breed standard indicates the Bourbon Red should weigh for toms and for hens at slaughter age (28 weeks). These standard weights were published with anticipation of the potential of the Bourbon Red and when the breed was at its prime. Though there are efforts to restore and accomplish the Bourbon Red standard, today these weights are realized by few breeders and growers. Bourbon Reds have been unrefined for too long due to the lack of selective breeding to preserve the breed. However, Mature Turkeys in a breeding flock will exhibit an intense fluctuate ~30% from these published weights due to their relentless, extensive and highly instinctive breeding season with their lowest weights typically being recorded in July.
The breed's feathers are a dark base color, with white primaries in the tail characterized by a soft red band and white flight feathers; both the tail and wings feature chestnut coverts. The standard allows for a total of 30% red feathers in the tail before the bird is disqualified.
In the past, the breed has alternatively been called Kentucky Reds and Bourbon Butternuts. The bird originated in Kentucky and Pennsylvania in the late 19th century, and was created by crossing Buff, Standard Bronze, and White Holland Turkeys. It was first recognized as a turkey variety by the American Poultry Association in 1909. 
Bourbon Reds were selectively bred for utility traits as a meat bird, and was an important variety in the turkey industry throughout the 1930s and 1940s. Like most turkey breeds, it declined after the commercial adoption of the Broad Breasted White. Populations began to recover in the early 21st century, and today it is one of the most popular heritage turkey breeds in the U.S. Despite its relative popularity as a heritage breed, it is still listed as "watch" by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, entailing that there are fewer than 5000 breeding birds in the U.S.. The Bourbon Red is also included in Slow Food USA's Ark of Taste, a catalog of heritage American foods in danger of extinction.

</doc>
<doc id="9642591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642591" title="Glutaredoxin">
Glutaredoxin

Glutaredoxins are small redox enzymes of approximately one hundred amino-acid residues that use glutathione as a cofactor. Glutaredoxins are oxidized by substrates, and reduced non-enzymatically by glutathione. In contrast to thioredoxins, which are reduced by thioredoxin reductase, no oxidoreductase exists that specifically reduces glutaredoxins. Instead, glutaredoxins are reduced by the oxidation of glutathione. Oxidized glutathione is then regenerated by glutathione reductase. Together these components compose the glutathione system.
Like thioredoxin, which functions in a similar way, glutaredoxin possesses an active centre disulfide bond. It exists in either a reduced or an oxidized form where the two cysteine residues are linked in an intramolecular disulfide bond. Glutaredoxins function as electron carriers in the glutathione-dependent synthesis of deoxyribonucleotides by the enzyme ribonucleotide reductase. Moreover, GRX act in antioxidant defence by reducing dehydroascorbate, peroxiredoxins, and methionine sulfoxide reductase. Beside their function in antioxidant defence, bacterial and plant GRX were shown to bind iron-sulfur clusters and to deliver the cluster to enzymes on demand. 
GRXs in viruses.
Glutaredoxin has been sequenced in a variety of species. On the basis of extensive sequence similarity, it has been proposed that "Vaccinia virus" protein O2L is, it seems, a glutaredoxin. "Bacteriophage T4" thioredoxin seems to be evolution-related. In position 5 of the pattern T4, thioredoxin has Val instead of Pro.
GRXs in plants.
Approximately 30 GRX isoforms are described in the model plant "Arabidopsis thaliana" and 48 in Oryza sativa L. According to their redox-active centre, they are subgrouped in six classes of the CSY[C/S]-, CGFS-, CC-type and 3 groups with additional domain of unknown function. The CC-type GRXs are only found in higher plants. In Arabidopsis GRXs are involved in flower development and Salicylic acid signalling.
Human proteins containing this domain.
GLRX; GLRX2; GLRX3; GLRX5; PTGES2

</doc>
<doc id="9642594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642594" title="Just Say the Word">
Just Say the Word

Just Say The Word is Josh Kelley's third album, his first on his own independent label, Threshold Records. To date there has been three different releases with different tracks.
Track listing.
Both US iTunes versions remove the track "Mississippi River Girl", replacing it with "Talking in Circles", but placed before "Fools Like Me" instead of after. Different bonus tracks are featured on each release. The album was subsequently deleted from the US iTunes Store.

</doc>
<doc id="9642595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642595" title="Briz-M">
Briz-M

The Briz-M ( meaning "Breeze-M") and Briz-KM are Russian orbit insertion upper stages manufactured by Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center and used on the Proton-M rocket or Rokot, one of Russia's smaller launchers.
Briz-M Characteristics.
The Briz-M upper stage is designed for injecting large payloads into a low, medium-height or high Geosynchronous orbit. The main engine can be restarted 8 times in flight and allows precision placement of the spacecraft into orbit. Orbital lifetime of the Briz-M is limited by available onboard battery power and is currently 24 hours. The total time of the standard Proton/Briz-M mission profile from lift-off to spacecraft separation is approximately 9.3 hours. A Proton launch vehicle with a Briz-M upper stage can also inject payloads to Earth escape trajectories.
One of system's design goals has been to keep overall dimensions as small as possible. Briz-M takes much less space on board the launch vehicle compared to its predecessor, the Block D upper stage, leaving freed volume for the cargo. A Proton with a Briz-M can place a 4,385 kg satellite, such as an A2100AX, into a target orbit with an apogee of 35,786 km, a perigee of 7,030 km, and an inclination of 17.3°. Maximum lift capability of the Briz-M stage is 5,645 kg to geosynchronous transfer orbit with a 1,500 m/s residual velocity to GSO. A tandem launch of multiple spacecraft is also supported, with the ability to inject the spacecraft into different orbits.
Briz-M is a twin upper stage consisting of a core module (using Briz-KM as the baseline) and a jettisonable add-on doughnut tank surrounding the core. It is powered by a pump-fed gimballed main engine, the 14D30.
Briz-KM Variant.
The Briz-KM is a single-piece structure with a conical tank compartment and the engine located in a recess in the fuel tank. The Briz-KM is used as a third stage of the Rockot launch vehicles.
History.
Briz-M completed its maiden flight in May 2000, when it is delivered the Gorizont communications satellite into orbit. 
It is planned to use Briz-M with the A3 and A5 versions of the future Angara rocket family.

</doc>
<doc id="9642628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642628" title="The Clouds Above">
The Clouds Above

The Clouds Above is a graphic novel by Jordan Crane, recounting the adventures of a boy named Simon and cat named Jack. The pair skip school one day to avoid a nasty teacher and wander onto the roof. The staircase that they discover leads them above the clouds. They meet friendly pink clouds, dangerous storm clouds, and a flock of yellow birds. Their adventure is fast-paced, suitable for readers of many ages.
"The Clouds Above" appeared originally as a weekly webcomic, under the name "Cloud Country." This series was a precursor to the final book, with some pages omitted and others only black and white drawings. Crane even went as far as changing his name to "Jane d'Rancor" on these early strips. The series ran from April 2003 to January 2004. The eventual hardcover edition of the completed work was released in September 2005 by Fantagraphics comics.
"The Clouds Above" was received positively by the world of graphic novels. "The New Yorker" Magazine said of the work: "Crane’s drawings are clean, yet full of nuance; his writing is playful and sharp. The artistry is in the detail." "Publishers Weekly" said that "The book is a joy to look at - Crane’s loose, gliding lines burst with character, and his compositional gifts make every panel worth contemplating on its own."

</doc>
<doc id="9642630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642630" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guatemala">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guatemala

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guatemala (erected 18 December 1534, as the Diocese of Guatemala) is a metropolitan diocese, responsible for the suffragan Dioceses of Escuintla, Jalapa, Santa Rosa de Lima, Verapaz, Cobán and Zacapa y Santo Cristo de Esquipulas. It was elevated on 16 December 1743. The current Metropolitan Archbishop of Guatemala is Oscar Julio Vian Morales, S.D.B.; he was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on Monday, October 4, 2010 to replace Cardinal Rodolfo Quezada Toruno, who had reached the age of 75 at which bishops submit their resignations to the Pope.

</doc>
<doc id="9642643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642643" title="Laser radial keratotomy">
Laser radial keratotomy

Laser Radial Keratotomy is Radial Keratotomy performed with the aid of a Laser. Laser Radio Keratotomy was practiced before the now-common Lasik.

</doc>
<doc id="9642649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642649" title="Soundtrack Recordings from the Film Jimi Hendrix">
Soundtrack Recordings from the Film Jimi Hendrix

Soundtrack Recordings from the Film Jimi Hendrix is the soundtrack to the 1973 documentary film, "Jimi Hendrix" and the second live album by him. The double album was released by Reprise Records in July 1973. It contains the full-length live performances from the film and some clips from interviews (though not necessarily from the film). The album peaked at No. 89 on the "Billboard" album chart, which generated concern at Reprise Records that repackaging old material would no longer satisfy the fans of Jimi Hendrix. The album has not been released on compact disc.
Film.
The documentary (or rockumentary) was made in 1973 by Joe Boyd, John Head and Gary Weis for Warner Bros. The film contains concert footage from 1967 to 1970, including material from and the Monterey Pop Festival. The film also includes interviews with Hendrix' contemporaries, family and friends. The estate of Jimi Hendrix authorized the 1973 film to be re-released on video and DVD in 1999, and a special edition DVD was released 2005.
LP track listing.
"Songs by Jimi Hendrix unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="9642667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642667" title="Forever (Bobby Brown album)">
Forever (Bobby Brown album)

Forever is the fourth studio album by American singer Bobby Brown. The album's only single, "Feelin' Inside", failed to impact the charts. The album was recorded after Brown left New Edition's "Home Again" tour in 1997. The album was originally titled "Bobby II", and was supposed to be produced by such luminaries as Teddy Riley, Sean Combs, R. Kelly, Tim & Bob and Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="9642683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642683" title="San Diego Natural History Museum">
San Diego Natural History Museum

The San Diego Natural History Museum is a museum located in Balboa Park in San Diego, California. It was founded in 1874 as the San Diego Society of Natural History. It is the third oldest scientific institution west of the Mississippi and the oldest in Southern California. The present location of the museum was dedicated on January 14, 1933. A major addition to the museum was dedicated in April 2001, doubling exhibit space.
History.
First fifty years.
Founded in 1874, the San Diego Society of Natural History is the oldest scientific institution in southern California, and the third oldest west of the Mississippi. In its initial years, the Society was the region's primary source of scientific culture, serving a small but growing community eager for information about its natural resources. Early society members established a weather station, petitioned to create Torrey Pines State Reserve, and garnered support for the San Diego Zoological Society.
In June 1912, the Society met for the first time in its new quarters in the Hotel Cecil, recently built on 6th Avenue in San Diego. Later that same month exhibits created by Frank and Kate Stephens were installed in a single room and adjoining alcove, and were open to the public several afternoons each week. The Society had opened its first museum.
In 1917, the Society purchased a vacant Balboa Park building from the 1915 Panama-California Exposition. Here the Society moved its growing collections and library to create the San Diego Natural History Museum. The Board defined its commitment "to educate and help people know and love nature" and began a variety of educational programs, many of them using specimens from museum collections in city and county schools.
The museum occupied three different buildings in Balboa Park before celebrating its 50th anniversary. Community leaders recognized the need for a permanent museum of adequate size. San Diego's leading architect, William Templeton Johnson, was commissioned by the Society of Natural History to design its new museum building on Balboa Park's East Prado. Johnson had earned his reputation with his design of the Fine Arts Gallery (now the San Diego Museum of Art) and the downtown San Diego Trust & Savings Bank, among other buildings. The society moved into its permanent building in 1933.
World War II.
The Society was notified on March 5, 1943, that the United States Navy wished to take over the Natural History Museum for hospital use at once, becoming the infectious diseases ward. Some renovation took place in the facility, including the addition of an elevator designed to handle hospital gurneys and a nurses' station between floors. Both features remain in use today. The U.S. Navy takeover of the museum building for the duration of World War II resulted in damage to the collections, exhibits, and the building itself. The main library and its librarian were moved to San Diego State College; the rest of the treasured and fragile exhibits were hastily packed, crated and moved into a total of 32 separate places. Exhibits too large to be moved were stuffed into the north wing on the main floor. 
A major renovation commenced once staff was allowed to reoccupy the building. Forced to look at all collections and exhibits by this rehabilitation process, the board adopted a firm policy to restrict collections to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. The museum continued its steady growth with post-war San Diego, despite periods of financial stress. The American Alliance of Museums accredited the Museum in 1974.
Present building.
The construction of the permanent headquarters was made possible through a grant of $125,000 from Ellen Browning Scripps, and by public subscription. However, the full amount needed for the building could not be raised in the Depression years. Only the first unit of the building, at the south end of the lot, and one wing extending toward the north, could be built. The north and east exterior facades were left plain as temporary walls slated for future expansion, and remained so for 60 years. The $175,000 Natural History Museum building was formally dedicated on January 14, 1933.
In April 2001, new construction more than doubled the size of the old building, from of usable space to approximately . The expansion provided new space for the Museum's research, educational, and administrative activities. Architects for the expansion were Dick Bundy and David Thompson. With the addition of the new wing to the Museum, areas for permanent exhibitions, such as "Fossil Mysteries", were created along with five new exhibition halls. Also added was a state-of-the-art theater with a 56' screen and a Dolby Digital 3D projector. However, the new museum got rid of the popular old "mine" with minerals, gems, and fluorescent rocks that were on display until around 2000. 
From June 29, 2007, to January 6, 2008, a collection of the Dead Sea Scrolls were on display to the public – ten of them for the first time ever. The attendance was nearly 400,000, which was a record for any exhibit at the museum. 
In December 2009, the San Diego Natural History Museum was awarded Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for Existing Buildings: Operations & Maintenance (LEED-EB: O&M) Certification, becoming one of the oldest privately owned institutions to achieve the award.

</doc>
<doc id="9642695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642695" title="Roger-Pol Droit">
Roger-Pol Droit

Roger-Pol Droit (born 1949) is a French academic and philosopher. Alumnus of the École normale supérieure de Saint-Cloud, he has written numerous books, most notably "101 Experiments in the Philosophy of Everyday Life", which has been translated into twenty-two languages. For 25 years, he has studied the way the East is seen in Western philosophy. 

</doc>
<doc id="9642698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642698" title="Peoples (store)">
Peoples (store)

Peoples is a defunct chain of department stores located in the Puget Sound area of Washington. 
The company was founded in 1888 in downtown Tacoma. The flagship store opened in 1895 at the corner of Pacific and 11th Street, which was the main intersection of downtown at the time. The store was expanded to the south in 1957. 
Peoples first expanded in the early 1940s by operating a chain of appliance stores called "Electric City" in many Puget Sound cities. Many of these stores would later be expanded to include apparel and would be rebranded under the Peoples name. 
By 1948 there were twelve stores in the Peoples chain. By 1968, the chain had consolidated its 12 small stores into seven larger regional stores. The new stores anchored several malls as well as stand-alone locations in downtown areas. 
The company was shut down by its parent company, Mercantile Stores, in 1984. The flagship Tacoma store was remodeled and renamed Puget Sound Plaza and currently houses offices and a Key Bank branch.

</doc>
<doc id="9642712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642712" title="Perfluorodecalin">
Perfluorodecalin

Perfluorodecalin () is a fluorocarbon, a derivative of decalin in which all of the hydrogen atoms are replaced by fluorine atoms. It is chemically and biologically inert, and stable up to 400°C. Several applications make use of its ability to dissolve gases.
Manufacture.
Commercially, perfluorodecalin is manufactured by fluorination with cobalt(III) fluoride (the Fowler process). The preferred starting material is tetralin, having fewer hydrogens than decalin itself (and so requiring less fluorine), and a liquid, unlike naphthalene (so readily handled). For most applications, several steps of purification are required after reaction.
Isomers.
Perfluorodecalin exhibits cis-trans isomerism, as the tertiary fluorines atoms on the bridge carbon atoms can be either on the same side as each other (cis-isomer) or on opposite sides (trans-isomer). Both isomers are chemically and biologically inert, and are very similar in their physical properties. The most notable difference is in the melting point, which is -3.6°C for the cis-isomer, +18°C for the trans-isomer, and -6.7°C for a 50/50 mixture.
Medical applications.
Of all the perfluorocarbons, perfluorodecalin has probably seen the most interest in medical applications. Most applications utilize its ability to dissolve large amounts of oxygen (100 ml of perfluorodecalin at 25°C will dissolve 49 ml of oxygen at STP).
Perfluorodecalin was an ingredient in Fluosol, an artificial blood product developed by Green Cross Corporation in the 1980s. It is also being studied for use in liquid breathing. Perfluorodecalin can be applied topically, to provide extra oxygen to a specific location, to accelerate wound healing. Organs and tissues can be stored for longer in oxygenated perfluorodecalin; the "two-layer method" uses perfluorodecalin and UW solution to preserve tissue for pancreas transplants.
Other applications.
Due to its gas carrying capacity, perfluorodecalin has been used to enhance oxygen delivery during cell culture. Perfluorodecalin has also been shown to dramatically enhance " in vivo " microscopy resolution of airspace-containing tissues such as mesophyll. Mounting leaves in perfluorodecalin significantly improves the optical qualities of the leaf, thereby enabling high-resolution imaging over twofold deeper into the mesophyll, compared with using water. The physiological impact of mounting the specimen in perfluorodecalin is also minimal compared to water.
This compound is sometimes used to dissolve teflon.

</doc>
<doc id="9642719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642719" title="David Cunningham (bishop)">
David Cunningham (bishop)

David Cunningham (c. 1540–1600) was a 16th-century Scottish prelate and diplomat. He was the first Bishop of Aberdeen fully independent of the Roman Catholic Church. His predecessor, William Gordon began as a Roman Catholic bishop, but accepted the Church of Scotland's authority.
Born around 1540, he graduated in the early 1560s as Master of Arts from St Leonard's College, St Andrews. Cunningham also studied Civil Law in France, at the University of Paris and the University of Bourges.
He became a Protestant sometime before 1562, when he was made minister of Lanark; he held this position until 1570, when he took over Lesmahagow, moving to Cadder in 1572 and then to Lenzie in 1574. Additionally, on 22 March 1572, Cunningham became Provost of Bothwell Collegiate Church.
After the appointment of Patrick Adamson as Archbishop of St Andrews in December 1576, Cunningham replaced Adamson as the chaplain of James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton, Regent of Scotland. With access to such high level magnate patronage, on either 5 October or 5 November 1577, Cunningham was elected as Bishop of Aberdeen, receiving consecration on 11 November. In this year, too, he became Chancellor of King's College, Aberdeen.
Cunningham would eventually enjoy a good relationship with the king, but his association with Regent Morton initially made him suspect. The death of his patron, Morton, in 1581, put his position under pressure, and he was forced to flee into the west for a little time. He was also under pressure from the a large section of the Scottish church, which was becoming more hostile to episcopacy; in 1586, the General Assembly accused him of adultery, a charge which the king cleared him of in 1587.
He became a trusted servant of the king, James VI of Scotland, and it was Cunningham who was chosen to baptise the king's son, Prince Henry, on 30 August 1594. Cunningham helped negotiate reconciliation between the king and the devoutly Catholic George Gordon, 6th Earl of Huntly, and in 1598 was sent to Denmark and Germany to promote King James' claims to the throne of the Kingdom of England.
Cunningham died on 30 August 1600, at Aberdeen.

</doc>
<doc id="9642725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642725" title="Pathein Airport">
Pathein Airport

Pathein Airport is an airport in Pathein, Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="9642726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642726" title="The Lineup (TV series)">
The Lineup (TV series)

The Lineup is an American police drama which aired on CBS radio from 1950 to 1953 and on CBS television from 1954 to 1960.
Syndicated reruns of the series were broadcast under the title San Francisco Beat.
Synopsis.
The radio version depicted the investigations of Lieutenant Ben Guthrie (played by Bill Johnstone, one of several actors to play The Shadow on radio) and Sergeant Matt Greb (played by Wally Maher until his death on December 27, 1951), later replaced by Sergeant Pete Carger (played by Jack Moyles), detectives in the police force of an unnamed "great American city."
The television version was set specifically in San Francisco and was produced with the cooperation of the San Francisco Police Department, which received a credit at the close of each episode. It starred Warner Anderson as Guthrie and Tom Tully as Grebb, who was now an inspector instead of a sergeant because at the time the series was made there was no such rank as sergeant in the Bureau of Inspectors, SFPD's investigative division, and a full inspector was the closest equivalent to the generic detective sergeant the character had been on radio. The TV version, a CBS Television Production, was filmed on location, using Desilu's production facilities. In the final season, the show expanded to an hour, and the Grebb character was replaced by a number of younger officers.
Film version.
The film "The Lineup", based on the series, was released in 1958 by Columbia Pictures, with Eli Wallach in the starring role. It was directed by Don Siegel, who had also directed "The Paisley Gang", pilot episode of the television series.

</doc>
<doc id="9642729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642729" title="Alberto Carrasquilla Barrera">
Alberto Carrasquilla Barrera

Alberto Carrasquilla Barrera (Born April 24, 1959) is a Colombian economist who served as Minister of Finance and Public Credit under the government of President Álvaro Uribe.

</doc>
<doc id="9642731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642731" title="Frederick Renner">
Frederick Renner

Frederich Emil Renner (1821-1893) was a doctor who dispensed medical advice to the team working on the Australian Overland Telegraph Line in the Northern Territory of Australia. His practice extended from Port Augusta to the Roper River, a distance of approximately 2600 kilometers.
The town of Renner Springs, Northern Territory, was named after him when the workers passed through the springs in 1872. In 1877, Dr. Renner saw a flock of birds while working on the Telegraph Line and found that the birds were drawn to the area by the natural springs. 
Personal life.
Frederich Emil Renner was born on in Jena, Germany 14 October 1821. and died on 30 January 1893. He was married to Annie Buchanan Davie. They had 8 children. Their 4th child was named Frederick August Renner who married Mary Agnes Muir in Albany, WA on 30 October 1889. Mary Muir was a member of the Muir family, which arrived in Western Australia in 1844.
Frederich Renner's father was Theobald Renner (b. Bremen 1779, d. Jena 1850) a professor for veterinary medicine in Jena, Germany. His greatgrandfather was Caspar Friedrich Renner an administration servant and poet in Bremen, Germany. 
Frederich Renner was registered on 18 July 1848 as one of the earliest doctors to appear in the Medical Register of South Australia. Dr Renner qualified at the University of Jena. He worked as a doctor at Wentworth, NSW from 1857 until the floods in 1870. In 1870 he returned to Adelaide where he was appointed medical officer to the Overland Telegraph construction parties.
Diaries.
In the early 1980s, Jose Petrick, a well-known historian in the Alice Springs area, was awarded a government grant to transcribe the diaries of Dr. Renner. The diaries were published in 1983 as "The Renner Diaries".

</doc>
<doc id="9642744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642744" title="Gweagal">
Gweagal

The Gweagal (also spelt Gwiyagal) are a clan of the Tharawal (or Dharawal) tribe of Indigenous Australians, who are traditional custodians of the southern geographic areas of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The Gweagal lived on the southern shores of Botany Bay (Kurnell Peninsula). The tribe territory, although not clearly defined, spanned the areas between the Cooks and Georges River, south to the Port Hacking estuary and westwards towards Liverpool. They were the northernmost tribe of the Dharawal nation.
Culture.
The Gweagal were known as the "Fire Clan". A tribe consisted of approximately 20 to 50 people who lived in their own territory amongst social and economic units having strong ties to land and sacred sites. They had no written language and each tribe had its own dialect, they also knew how to light fires long before the arrival of Europeans. They were often seen by early settlers to be naked but with minimal clothing that consisted of a woven hair sash in which they used to carry tools and weapons and sometimes the optional possum-skin coat for the winter season. They wore resin in their hair that gave it a mop-like appearance and used native animal hide to make fur coats and ceremonial attire. Tool makers chose to grind axes close to pools or streams, as the water was used as a lubricant for grinding and sharpening. The stone that was used was mainly igneous or metamorphic rock, and only one of the ends was ground to a blade. Axe grinding grooves used in for this purpose can be found near a stream between River Road and Salt Pan Creek at Revesby Heights. A former Australian Museum anthropologist (name withheld) dated the grooves to be around 3000 years old. In 1961 a notice was erected describing the site.
The Gweagal Aborigines were the guardians of the sacred white clay pits in their territory. Members of the tribe walked hundreds of miles to collect the clay, it was considered sacred amongst the indigenous locals and had many uses. They used it to line the base of their canoes so they could light fires, and also as a white body paint, (as witnessed by Captain James Cook). Colour was added to the clay using berries, which produced a brightly coloured paint that was used in ceremonies. It was also eaten as a medicine, an antacid. Geebungs and other local berries were mixed in the clay and it was eaten as a dietary supplement with zinc.
Aboriginal rock shelters.
Caves in the form of over hanging rock shelters were an important part of the Aboriginal lifestyle, they had no modern dwellings in which to live so they often used caves or overhanging rocks as dwelling places and for burial sites. In Kurnell there is a cave known as the skeleton cave that was used to accommodate victims of the smallpox outbreak in 1789. Many indigenous people died in the cave and their skeletons still remain there. There is another cave in an undisclosed location somewhere in the Sutherland Shire area that contains human remains. In the Royal National Park some of the caves were used as burial sites. In other parts of the Sutherland Shire, Aborigines were trapped (permanently) whilst sheltering from heavy rain in the caves. Cave-ins trapped an unknown number of people. One of these sites is in Turriel Point. 
Caves and shelters are located in various places along the George's River, which over the years have eroded into the sandstone cliffs. There is a large cave located in Peakhurst with its ceiling blackened from smoke. There are caves located around Evatt Park, Lugarno with oyster shells ground into the cave floor. The walls of the cave were adorned with carvings that were destroyed unintentionally by a scout group that tried to restore them. A cave has also been discovered near a Baptist church in Lugarno, and another near Margaret Crescent, Lugarno (now destroyed by development), it was found to contain ochre and a spear head on the floor of the cave when it was excavated. Another cave exists on Mickey's Point, Padstow, which was named after a local aborigine.
They often decorated their caves and rock shelters with paintings, drawings and etchings using white, red and other colored earth, clay or charcoal. In winter they shared body heat in the shelter and used fire to keep warm.
Food source.
The territory of the Gwiyagal had much to offer. The Georges River provided fish (a very important part of the diet of Sydney aborigines), and oysters. Various small creeks, most of which are now covered drains, provided fresh water. Men and women fished in canoes or from the shore using barbed spears and fishing lines with hooks that were crafted from crescent-shaped pieces of shell. Waterfowl could be caught in the swamplands (Towra Point), and the variety of soils supported a variety of edible and medicinal plants. Birds and their eggs, possums, wallabies and goannas were also a part of their staple diet. The Australian Aborigine was a hunter and food collector and regardless of the abundance of fish and other food stuffs in their heavily timbered waterways, he took only what was necessary for his immediate needs. The abundant food source meant that these natives were less nomadic than those of Outback Australia. The various middens, rock carvings and paintings in the area confirm this.
Middens.
Middens have been found all the way along tidal sections of the Georges River where shells, fish bones, and other waste products have been thrown into heaps. This gives evidence of where Aborigines camped for long periods, and are found where oysters, fresh water, and strategic views come together. Middens have been found in Oatley, and Oatley Point was known as a feasting ground. In Lugarno a midden is still existent and may be found in Lime Kiln Bay. Other existing middens have been located in the Moons, and around Evatt Park.
First contact with Europeans.
The Gweagal Aborigines made first contact (hostile) with James Cook and other Europeans, occupying the area which is now 'Captain Cooks Landing Place Reserve’, Kurnell, on the shores of Botany Bay. It was in this place that the crew of Captain Cook’s first voyage tried to make contact with the indigenous people of Australia. For eight days between late April and early May 1770, Cook’s ship the 'Endeavour' was anchored in the bay. This would have been the first encounter the Gweagal people would have had with foreign visitors from the sea in a vessel larger than a canoe. Their reaction to Cook and his crew, was in ways consistent with what is known about the behaviour seen by indigenous people in other parts of the country when, without warning, newcomers came upon their land. This included yelling at and remonstrating with the strangers as well as showing signs of aggression, intimidation, strength and weaponry. 
Sir Donald Joseph Banks stated that some of the Aborigines withdrew into the bushes as the Endeavour came near. Several warriors remained on the rocks, "threatening and menacing with their pikes and swords". When Cook and his crewmen tried to land, two of the tribesmen stood on the rocks, warning them off with spears and sticks. After about 15 minutes there was an exchange of musket fire and spears. One shot wounded a local man in the leg, no harm came upon Cook's crew. The Aboriginal spears were ineffective against the more advanced weapon technology of the British. The sailors then proceeded to walk onto the beach and up to an encampment. Both Cook and Banks tried, with great difficulty, to make contact with the local people but without success due to the Aborigines avoiding contact after the first encounter, they simply went about their daily affairs seeming to ignore the strangers; they fished from canoes, cooked shellfish on the shore, walked along the beach, but at the same time, watched Cook’s crew with caution. There were a few cases where, Gweagal men tried to approach members of Cook’s expedition, before shying away. In all of their responses, the locals sought to deal with them (newcomers) in a way that would allow them “to affirm their rights to their land and their resources and defuse any potential conflict or hostility.
Artefacts from Cook's and Banks' encounter.
In 1770, after returning to England from their voyage in the South Pacific, James Cook and Joseph Banks brought with them a large collection of flora and fauna, along with cultural artifacts from their most recent venture. The find included a collection of roughly fifty Australian Aboriginal spears that were owned by the Gweagal people.
Sir Donald Joseph Banks was convinced the spears were abandoned (on the shores of Kurnell) and "thought it no improper measure to take with them all the lances which they could find, somewhere between 40 or 50".
Four of those spears - the only material reminders of the first meeting between Aborigines and Englishmen on the east coast still exist: two bone-tipped three-pronged spears, one bone-tipped four-pronged spear and a shaft with a single hardwood head. Cook gave the spears to his patron, John Montagu, First Lord of the Admiralty and Fourth Earl of Sandwich, who then gave them, to his "alma mater" Trinity College. Archaeologists quote them as being priceless, as the spears are among the few remaining artefacts that can be traced back to Cook's first voyage. Although the spears remain in the ownership of Trinity, they are now on display at the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology of Cambridge University in England.

</doc>
<doc id="9642775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642775" title="Dockerty Cup">
Dockerty Cup

The Dockerty Cup (also occasionally spelled as "Docherty" Cup) is a football (soccer) competition held between clubs in Victoria, Australia. It is named after Harry Dockerty, a former president of the Victorian Soccer Federation. It has been in recess since 1996, except for the year 2004. Victorian clubs from all divisions were eligible to participate, except for the years 1977 to 1984, when Victorian teams participating in the National Soccer League were not allowed to enter.
A Victorian cup competition was reintroduced in 2011, known as the Mirabella Cup due to naming rights sponsorship, with a new trophy. That arrangement lasted only one season, with the competition being named the Statewide Knockout Cup in 2012 and 2013. However in both years, the winner was awarded with the Dockerty Cup trophy.
The 2014 Dockerty Cup is also a qualifying completion for the 2014 FFA Cup. 
Winners.
References : 

</doc>
<doc id="9642776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642776" title="Chambers Street (Manhattan)">
Chambers Street (Manhattan)

__notoc__
Chambers Street is a two-way street in the New York City borough of Manhattan. It runs from River Terrace, Battery Park City, in the west, past PS 234 (the Independence School) and Stuyvesant High School to 1 Centre Street, the Manhattan Municipal Building, to the east. In the early 20th century the street continued through that building's archway. Between Broadway and Centre Street, Chambers Street forms the northern boundary of the grounds surrounding New York City Hall and the Tweed Courthouse. Opposite the Tweed Courthouse sits the New York Surrogate's Court for Manhattan. 280 Broadway the Marble Palace, lies west of there, on the north side of Chambers. Beginning in 2010, Chambers Street was fully reconstructed.
Chambers Street is named for John Chambers, an important parishioner at Trinity Church in Manhattan.
The New York City Subway has stations at three places on Chambers:
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9642779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642779" title="De La Salle Caringbah Junior Rugby League Football Club">
De La Salle Caringbah Junior Rugby League Football Club

De La Salle Caringbah Junior Rugby League Football Club (or De La Salle as they are more commonly known) is a junior and amateur rugby league football club based in Caringbah and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League.
The De La Salle club currently field teams from Under 6 age groups all the way up to A Grade and is easily the most successful club in the Sutherland Shire in terms of having first grade footballers; in 2006 they won the A-Grade competition.
2007 De La Salle Results.
The Under 10a's had a good win over the Yarrawarrah Tigers in the Grand Final 18 - 12 with a come from behind win with two outstanding tries from the man of the match #8. At Half Time Yarrawarrah were leading 12-6 then out of nowhere the #8 brought his team to an amazing victory winning their 2nd consecutive title
The Under 12a's Defeated Yarrawarrah Tigers 18 - 12 
The Under 14a's defeated Cronulla Caringbah to win the Premiership with a rare & hard fought win over Cronulla Caringbah 14 - 12 with De La's winger Andrew Monty scoring 2 brilliant team tries from an excellent play. Outstanding performances from #13,#8,#3,#5 and #7. The 14 A's finished 2nd in the season. They narrowly went down to Cronulla Caringbah 24-20 in the major Semi at Sutherland with outstanding performances from #8 & #13 from De La and C.C Player of the game #3. In the Final De La came back to win the match from behind 12-0 to win the match 20-16 with a spectacular goal kick from the #10.
See the Grand Final Photos U 14A's Grand Final Photos U 14A's
See the Grand Final Photos U 10A's *Grand Final Photos U 10A's 

</doc>
<doc id="9642792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642792" title="Thomas Cockburn-Campbell">
Thomas Cockburn-Campbell

Sir Thomas Cockburn-Campbell, 4th Baronet (18 April 1845 – 27 September 1892) was an English-born journalist and politician in Australia.
__NOTOC__
Early life.
Cockburn-Campbell was born in Exeter, the second son of Sir Alexander Thomas Cockburn-Campbell, second Baronet, and his wife, Grace, daughter of Joseph Spence. He was educated in England and at Heidelberg and travelled in Europe. 
Cockburn-Campbell left England for Queensland, Australia in 1864 where he worked with Augustus Gregory as a chainman and later with other surveyors. In the late 1860s he went to Western Australia and took up farming; his father was resident magistrate at Albany, Western Australia. In 1871 he succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his elder brother Alexander Cockburn-Campbell.
Political career.
In 1873 Cockburn-Campbell was nominated a member of the old Western Australian Legislative Council and became chairman of committees. He was for some time editor of the "West Australian" but retired in 1887 due to ill health and was succeeded by John Winthrop Hackett. In 1890 he was appointed one of the delegates sent to London to give information and assistance in connexion with the passing of the Western Australian constitution bill. He also gave evidence before the Colonization Committee of the House of Commons. In December 1890 Campbell became a member of the new Legislative Council and was elected its first president. He died at Perth on 27 September 1892. He married in 1870 Lucy Anne, daughter of Arthur Trimmer, who survived him with two sons and four daughters.
Music.
Sir Thomas composed a waltz "The Fair Maid of Perth" (1890) dedicated to Miss Margaret Brockman (Mrs P.A.Hope), published in London. 

</doc>
<doc id="9642793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642793" title="Chantry Island (Ontario)">
Chantry Island (Ontario)

Chantry Island is a small, island in Lake Huron, south of the mouth of the Saugeen River and approximately a mile off the shores of the town of Southampton, Ontario. The island is one the Canadian Wildlife Service's migratory bird sanctuaries, designated in 1957, and home to gulls and great blue herons, as well as being an important migratory stop for birds traveling to northern nesting sites.
It is the location of one of the six Imperial Towers, early lighthouses built by the Canadian government. The Chantry Light was built in 1858 and is still in use today. Tours to the lighthouse have been a popular addition to the local tourist attractions.
Both island and lighthouse are standard inclusions in paintings and photographs of the sunsets off Southampton’s beaches.

</doc>
<doc id="9642795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642795" title="Anne Chrétien Louis de Hell">
Anne Chrétien Louis de Hell

Anne Chrétien Louis de Hell, (25 August 1783–1864), was a French admiral and the governor from May 1838 to October 1841 of the "Isle de Bourbon" in the Indian Ocean - now known as the French overseas department of Réunion.
History.
Early career.
Born in the Alsace as a promising young nobleman, in Oberkirch (now Germany), he received his first military commission as a sub-lieutenant at the age of six (not totally unheard of at the time) and was sent by his family to a friend at Brest during the upheavals of the French Revolution. There, it was considered that it would be safest - and best for his education as a young officer - to send him on a warship. In this position as a junior officer, he apparently conducted himself well, and historians of the time as well as family documents praise his skill, intelligence and charisma. After rising up to rear admiral rank during the wars of the First Empire, he became commander of the "École Navale" (naval academy) at Brest (a mostly administrative post, as all actual training occurred at sea), before being named governor of the Isle de Bourbon.
Isle de Bourbon.
During his short tenure on Reunion, one of his main challenges was to smooth the difficulties associated with the slave emancipation pushed forward by the French homeland. As a slave-based plantation-society, there was considerable resistance from the local landholder class, though de Hell apparently enjoyed some success in his transition work. At the time of his departure, he had the admiration of much of the local populace, a favor he apparently returned. He is known to have been especially impressed with the Cirque de Salazie. The Reunion village of Hell-Bourg is named after him, as is Hell-Ville on Nosy-Be, Madagaskar (there is also a gastropod named after him, "Strombus hellii", discovered by Kiener in 1843).
Return to France.
Returning to France, he received the post of the "Préfet Maritime de Cherbourg". Later on, he was elected the Strasbourg member of the "Chambre des députés" and finally "Président du conseil général" (roughly analogous to provincial governor) of Bas-Rhin. In 1847, he was named to lead the "Direction générale des cartes et plans de la marine" (naval cartography office). He died in 1864 at the age of 81 at his ancestral castle near Oberkirch, and even though over 20 years had gone by since his governorship, Réunion records note that a large number of locals turned out to mourn him.

</doc>
<doc id="9642802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642802" title="Navy Expeditionary Combat Command">
Navy Expeditionary Combat Command

The Navy Expeditionary Combat Command Or Navy Aerial Combat Force Is a shock/storm trooper infantry team they usually operate in strengths of 3 platoons their main job is to strike the enemy in the strongest location and extract as quickly as possible they have had high praise by their commanders and president Obama and former president Bush for their service in Afghanistan and Iraq NECC also includes logistic support for the USMC and us navy NECC is a subordinate command of the us navy and serves to function as the backbone of the us navy using blitzkrieg tactics to attack the enemy in multiple locations they are essentially the navy equivalent of the US Army's air cavalry they also serve as a medivac and riverine warfare unit
Also the they provide logistics such as dental medical and accounting for the us navy and navy
Purpose.
NECC aligns disparate expeditionary capabilities to clearly articulate consistent and coordinated expeditionary practices, procedures and requirements in the joint battlespace. NECC integrates all warfighting requirements for expeditionary combat and combat support elements, consolidating and realigning the Navy’s expeditionary forces under a single command to improve fleet readiness. NECC’s enterprise approach intends to improve efficiencies and effectiveness through economies of scale.
The us navy aerial combat force or NACF Is an elite shock trooper unit assigned with making lightning raids on enemy forces serving the same function as the us army's air cavalry it's the navy's only non special forces infantry division it also doubles as a medivac
NECC changed how the U.S. Navy organizes, trains and equips its forces to meet the Maritime Security Operations and Joint contingency operations requirements. NECC is not a standalone or combat force, but rather a protection force that fills the gaps in the joint warfare arena and complements capabilities of foreign military partners. As an asset to operational commanders, NECC is designed to provide an array of capabilities that are unique to the expeditionary maritime environment as opposed to the blue water and land warfare environments.
NECC seamlessly operates with the other services and coalition partners to provide cooperative assistance as requested. This redistribution of support places naval forces where they are needed the most and establishes new capabilities in support of Maritime Security Operations.
Individual training and qualifications.
Members of most NECC Commands are generally expected to seek qualification for the Enlisted Expeditionary Warfare Specialist Insignia unless they belong to specialized communities which require them to qualify for the Seabee Combat Warfare Badge, Navy Diving Badge or Navy Explosive Ordnance Disposal Badge.
Component commands of the NECC.
NECC component commands include:
NECC in Iraq.
The United States Navy Riverine Squadrons of the United States Navy are elements of the NECC that have taken active part in the land operations in support of the Army and USMC units. According to the Navy: “The Navy’s Riverine force focuses on conducting Maritime Security Operations and Theater Security Cooperation in a riverine area of operations or other suitable area. The force is capable of combating enemy riverine forces by applying fires directly, or by coordinating supporting fires. It will share battle space with the other Services in an effort to close the seams in Doctrine, Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures, and Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance.”
As of 2008, three riverine squadrons are active in the Navy, all under the command of Riverine Group 1, located in Norfolk, Virginia. Riverine Squadron 1 (RIVRON 1) deployed to Iraq in April 2007 and was relieved by Riverine Squadron 2 (RIVRON 2) in October 2007 . The navy aerial combat force was also in charge of engaging Iraqi special forces and performed multiple raids on the presidential palace in Baghdad Riverine Squadron 3 (RIVRON 3) was established in July 2007 and will presumably relieve RIVRON 2 in Iraq when their deployment is completed.
Other similar Navy/Marine Corps entities.
Conventional United States Marine Corps and US Navy entities:
Unconventional Naval Special Warfare entities:
United States Coast Guard entities:

</doc>
<doc id="9642816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642816" title="Dawei Airport">
Dawei Airport

Dawei Airport is an airport serving Dawei (formerly known as Tavoy), a city in the Tanintharyi Division in southeastern Burma.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 16/34 with a concrete surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9642820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642820" title="Bruce LM-5000 Pairs">
Bruce LM-5000 Pairs

The David Bruce LM-5000 Pairs bridge event is held at the Summer American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) North American Bridge Championship. It is open to all players who have earned Life Master status up to 5,000 masterpoints.
The event is held at the same time as the Von Zedtwitz Life Master Pairs (open to all Life Masters) and the
Young LM-1500 Pairs event.
The trophy is named in honor of David Bruce, the first player to achieve Life Master status in the ACBL.
Sources.
List of previous winners, Page 5
2009 winners, Page 1

</doc>
<doc id="9642827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642827" title="Edward Cole">
Edward Cole

Edward Cole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9642838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642838" title="Jean Laigret">
Jean Laigret

Jean Laigret (17 August 1893 - 11 March 1966) was a French biologist born in Blois. 
He was a student of the '"École principale du service de Santé de la Marine" at Bordeaux, and during World War I served in the infantry. In 1915 he sustained war wounds, receiving the "Croix de Guerre". In 1919 he defended his doctoral thesis with "Contribution à la prophylaxie de la syphilis". From 1921 to 1923 he worked in a hospital at Brazzaville, Middle Congo, subsequently becoming an assistant at the Pasteur Institute in Brazzaville. Here he worked on a treatment for trypanosomiasis by testing orsanine and suramine that was developed by chemist Ernest Fourneau (1872-1949).
In 1927 he was appointed head of the laboratory at the Pasteur Institute in Saigon, and soon afterwards was transferred to Dakar, where he was promoted to medical officer of hygiene (1928). The following year he became director of the laboratory in Bamako, returning to France in 1930, where he was appointed instructor of microbiology classes at the Institut Pasteur. 
In 1932 he became head of the laboratory at the Pasteur Institute in Tunis. Here he conducted tests on a vaccine against yellow fever, using a vaccine produced from the brains of mice that were infected with the yellow fever virus. In 1934, while based in Dakar, he administered the yellow fever vaccine to the populace on a large scale basis. The vaccine used in West Africa was deemed successful, its primary negative being reports of benign febrile reactions. 
In 1935-37 he taught classes at Faculty of Medicine of Paris. In 1941 he is dismissed by the Vichy government, subsequently becoming a lecturer at the Faculty of Medicine of Algiers, replacing Ernest Pinoy (1873-1948). In 1945 he returned to the Pasteur Institute in Tunis, later serving as a professor of bacteriology and hygiene at the University of Strasbourg (1950-1960).

</doc>
<doc id="9642846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642846" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán () is a metropolitan archdiocese in Guatemala. It was erected on 27 July 1921 as the Diocese of Quetzaltenango, Los Altos, and elevated and renamed to Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán on 13 February 1996. The archdiocese is responsible for the suffragan dioceses of Huehuetenango, Quiché, San Marcos, Sololá-Chimaltenango and Suchitepéquez-Retalhuleu. It was vacant see (sede vacante) until named Mario Alberto Molina Palma at July 14, 2011; having been headed until Monday, October 4, 2010, by Archbishop Oscar Julio Vian Morales, who was then named by Pope Benedict XVI to succeed Cardinal Quezada as Metropolitan Archbishop of Guatemala.
The Archdiocese covers the departments of Quetzaltenango and Totonicapán. It has 28 parishes, 29 diocesan priests, 24 religious priests, 57 friars and 118 nuns. The archdiocese's main cathedral is the Catedral del Espíritu Santo, originally built in 1535 in Quetzaltenango, Its co-cathedral, Catedral de San Miguel Arcángel, is located in the city of Totonicapán.

</doc>
<doc id="9642859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642859" title="Heho Airport">
Heho Airport

Heho Airport (; is an airport serving Heho, a town in Kalaw Township, Taunggyi District, Shan State, Burma. It is the main airport serving Inle Lake, one of the top tourist destinations of Burma.
History.
The airport served as an airbase both for the Allies and the Japanese during World War II. The airbase was heavily bombed by the Allies. Evidence of aircraft bunker revetments and bomb craters can still be seen on the southern end of the airfield, especially noticeable from the air.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring . The original airport had a runway length of 5500 feet. It was recently expanded to accommodate jet aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="9642879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642879" title="Coal Banks Trail">
Coal Banks Trail

Coal Banks Trail is a 30-kilometre multipurpose recreational path in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada. It connects all of the city's major urban parks, all three geographical areas, and many smaller parks. While 
primarily a community recreation opportunity, the trail is also used for community events, such as the Terry Fox Run and the Moonlight Run.
The city's Parks and Recreation department maintains the city-wide system, which was designed to connect the Oldman River valley with other areas of the city, including Pavan Park in the north and Henderson Park in the east. The system now reaches Highways 4 and 5 in the south and a loop in West Lethbridge (including University Drive and McMaster Blvd).
History.
Named after the original settlement in the river valley, most of the original trail was built between 1984–1987 as part of the city's Urban Parks Project. The 7km expansion around West Lethbridge was completed in 1996.
In the late 1980s, repeated floods of the Oldman River washed out a causeway section near the Lethbridge Country Club golf course. Unable to obtain approval from the federal government to rebuild the section, Lethbridge City Council decided to build a link to 4 St and Scenic Drive South in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9642880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642880" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Escuintla">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Escuintla

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Escuintla (erected 28 July 1994, as the Territorial Prelature of Escuintla) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala. It was elevated on 28 July 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9642883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642883" title="Stratton's Independence Mine and Mill">
Stratton's Independence Mine and Mill

Stratton's Independence Mine and Mill is a historic gold mining site near Victor, Colorado on the south slope of Battle Mountain. Between late 1893 and April 1899, approximately 200,000 ounces (5670 kg) of gold was removed from the Independence Mine. 
History.
In the spring of 1891 W. S. Stratton persuaded Leslie Popejoy to grubstake him in the Cripple Creek District in return for half the profits. Stratton staked two claims on the south slope of Battle Mountain on July 4, 1891. He called the two claims the Independence and the Washington in honor of the holiday. Stratton quickly sold his house and two lots, one in Denver and one in Colorado Springs, so that he could buy out Popejoy's share. His reason: some assays from the Independence lode showed a value of $380 per ton gold. 
One boulder from the Independence mine brought $60,000, which Stratton used to sink a chute. In doing so he tapped directly into a rich vein. 
The next year, in 1892, Stratton also hit gold in the Washington mine. 
Stratton became the Cripple Creek District's first millionaire.
When Cripple Creek miners went on strike in 1894, Stratton's Independence mine and the Portland mine came to an agreement with them, against the wishes of other mine owners. 
Stratton had incorporated the Portland company and was its first president and largest stockholder.
Stratton developed a theory that the gold veins in the Cripple Creek District converged at a great depth, roughly in the shape of a goblet. This theory did not pan out, however.
The mining companies became concerned about ore theft, and in 1897 they began hiring the services of Pinkerton agents.
In 1900 Stratton sold the Independence mine to the Venture Corporation of London for $10 million. The Venture Corporation incorporated the property as "Stratton's Independence Ltd." and sold shares on the London stock exchange. The ore reserves were discovered to be less than previously thought in late 1900, and the share price crashed. Venture Corporation sued Stratton, claiming that the mine had been salted. Stratton died in 1902, but his estate defeated the lawsuit.
In May 1900, two Western Federation of Miners (WFM) union representatives checked for union membership cards at the Independence mine. Approximately a hundred miners belonged to the union, and six or eight did not. One of the union representatives talked to the miners, who echoed the union rep's view that they would prefer not to work alongside non-union workers. Mine Superintendent Summers talked the non-union men into joining the union in order to promote harmony in the workforce.
In September 1900, the Independence mine was the first mine in the District to introduce a new stripping order requiring all underground workers to undress in one room of a change house and walk into another room in the nude while a guard observed. This was to take place at start and end of each shift. The new rule was implemented to prevent high grading (theft of gold ore) by the mine workers. 
Five hundred miners met at Victor's Armory Hall, and they decided that while they would help stop ore thieves, they refused to work under the stripping rule. A compromise was reached which allowed the miners to strip to their undergarments. But the miners were unhappy. After the new practice was in place for about a month, a Pinkerton searched the miners at the end of a shift. No ore was found, and the miners walked out. 
Three days later Independence mine manager A.H. Shipman met with the WFM Executive Board. He ultimately agreed to abolish the Pinkerton guard system, to appoint a guard for the change rooms from candidates the union proposed, and to accept a closed shop. Under the agreement, any miner suspected of high-grading could be searched by a fellow union member in the presence of a watchman. Shipman also announced that he would support membership in the WFM by miners in return for the union's help in stopping the practice of high grading.
In 1902 the miners at the Independence mine bought diamond rings for Shipman, who had negotiated the closed shop, for Superintendent Sam Lobb, and for Assistant Manager R.J. Grant. The miners and the managers enjoyed a "little smoking session" at Shipman's home after the presentation.
Colorado Labor Wars.
In 1903 there was a major strike by the Western Federation of Miners. Many miners throughout the Cripple Creek District walked out of any mines that were shipping ore to the mills at Colorado City, in order to support a strike by the mill workers there. 
Cage mishap kills fifteen.
On the night of January 26, 1904, non-union replacement workers were coming off shift in the Independence Mine when the cage that they were riding in had a serious mishap. The cage was drawn into the sheave wheel at the top of the shaft. The cable that supported the cage was severed, and the cage fell. Fifteen miners fell into the shaft, 1500 feet deep.
The investigation focused on safety arrangements, and the qualifications of the hoisting engineer. One miner, James Bullock, survived the accident. His testimony to the coroner's jury describes the disaster:
. . . We kept going right along but it kept slipping; we would go a little ways and then we would slip again; then he took us about six feet above the collar of the shaft, then he lowered us back down.
Q. Did he stop six feet above the shaft?
A. He stopped just for a second or two; then he lowered us and it must have gotten beyond his control, for we dropped about sixty or seventy feet, we were going pretty. We said to each other we are all gone. Then he raised us up about ten feet; then he stopped us and it slipped back again, and we went to the sheave wheel as fast as we could go. When I was going up there, I began to crouch to save myself from the hard blow. I seen a piece of timber about one foot wide, and I grabbed hold and held myself up there and pretty soon the cage dropped and I began to holler for a ladder to get down.
The hoisting engineer's testimony is also quite descriptive of the incident:
I tried several times, but that time the cage was at the collar of the shaft. I immediately reversed the engine and sent the cage back 100 feet. I again tried the brakes, reversed the engine, and brought the cage back to the surface. The brake was still stuck; I could not move it. I again reversed the engine and sent the cage back about the same distance and stepped over to the other side and took hold of the other brake, and it was in the same condition. The second time the cage came to the surface, I called three times for the shift boss, for God's sake come and help me put on the brakes. In the meantime, I was reversing the engine backwards and forwards. Mr. MacDonald came and two other men with him. I said come up and help me put on the brakes, and then I discovered the hood of the cage above the collar of the shaft. I immediately reversed the engine, but it was too late.
The coroner's jury found the brakes had been inspected six hours before the accident, and the brakes were working after the accident. The coroner's jury questioned another hoisting engineer from the Stratton Mine about the qualifications of the engineer operating the hoist. They learned that "the employer had taken the man's word – nothing more – as to his qualifications. The engineer involved in the fatal accident, however, had been recommended by a former employer."
The coroner's report stated that the engineer had lost control because of management's negligence, having failed to properly install a safety device to prevent overwinding. Also, the braking system consisting of disk brakes on the hoisting engine had been detached. 
The Western Federation of Miners echoed the coroner's charge of mismanagement. Although the property was at that time guarded by soldiers and enclosed by the main militia encampment, providing no access to union members, management accused the union of tampering with the machinery. 
One hundred and sixty-eight non-union men reportedly quit the Independence Mine because of the incident. 
Just a few months later, after several violent incidents occurred in the district, the WFM was driven out by force of arms in a struggle that came to be called the Colorado Labor Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="9642888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642888" title="Healed and sealed">
Healed and sealed

Healed and Sealed is a magic trick that was invented by the Swedish magician Anders Moden in 1997. The effect was popularised by Australian magician Tim Ellis when performed during his 2002 global lecture tour with Sue-Anne Webster. The television rights were bought by David Blaine in 2002 and performed on his TV show Vertigo. The Illusion is presented by showing a discarded soda can or opening, pouring out the drink and crushing the can then having the dents in the can pop out and the hole in the top reseal. The magician then opens the can and pours out the drink.
Method.
The hole on the top of the can isn't really there, it is a piece of paper that you cut to put there to fit the hole when it really is open. Then you poke a hole in the back of the can and let about 1/3 of the soda out of the can. Squeeze the can to make it look dented. cover the hole in the back of the can and shake it. The pressure will make it pop out. Then you move your hand over the hole to make it look like your resealing it. You're really taking the paper off. Then you open it and pour it out.

</doc>
<doc id="9642898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642898" title="Young LM-1500 Pairs">
Young LM-1500 Pairs

The Sally Young LM-1500 Pairs bridge event is held at the Summer American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) North American Bridge Championship. It is open to all players who have earned Life Master status up to 1,500 masterpoints.
The event is held at the same time as the Von Zedtwitz Life Master Pairs (open to all Life Masters) and the
Bruce LM-5000 Pairs event.
The trophy is named in honor of Sally Young (1906-1970), the first woman to achieve Life Master status in the ACBL (and #17 overall).
Sources.
List of previous winners, Page 5
2009 winners, Page 1

</doc>
<doc id="9642904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642904" title="The Loft (Sirius XM)">
The Loft (Sirius XM)

The Loft is a music channel on Sirius XM Satellite Radio, broadcasting on Sirius channel 30 (previously 29), XM channel 30 (previously 50) and Dish Network channel 6030(previously 29) until Sirius XM's Jam On took the spot. Until February 9, 2010, it was heard on DirecTV channel 836. It features a format of eclectic adult album alternative music, occasionally branching off into more freeform music and talk programming.
Until November 12, 2008, it broadcast an acoustic rock format. The Loft changed formats to what sounded like the now-defunct SIRIUS Disorder and Fine Tuning by that time, with the acoustic rock format broadcast on its sister channel, The Coffee House.
Mike Marrone is the channel's programming director and primary on-air voice. Franny Thomas and Meg Griffin are also heard regularly.
Programming.
Featured programs on the channel include:
"The Loft Sessions" - a series of live performances recorded at XM's studio facilities. 
"From the Living Room to the Loft" - music and interviews from the Living Room club in New York.
"Your Roots Are Showing" - featuring modern roots rock.
"Vin Scelsa's Idiot's Delight" - a freeform program hosted by longtime New York radio personality Scelsa.
"Kick Out the Jams" - a show combining music and politics and hosted by writer and critic Dave Marsh.
"Lou Reed's New York Shuffle" - a freeform show hosted by veteran rocker Reed.
"David Johansen's Mansion of Fun" - a freeform show hosted by musician and actor Johansen.
"Disorder" - a freeform show hosted by Meg Griffin.
"American Roots Radio with Bernie Taupin" - roots music show hosted by the songwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="9642921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642921" title="Kalaymyo Airport">
Kalaymyo Airport

Kalaymyo Airport is an international airport serving Kalaymyo (a.k.a. Kalay or Kalemyo), a town in the Sagaing Division of Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="9642935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642935" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalapa (Guatemala)">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalapa (Guatemala)

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Jalapa (erected 10 March 1951) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="9642944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642944" title="Kawthaung Airport">
Kawthaung Airport

Kawthaung Airport (; ) is an airport in Kawthaung, Burma. The airport has a very small terminal with no gates. The airport has an 1800 x 50 meter runway.

</doc>
<doc id="9642948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642948" title="Images of Middle-Earth">
Images of Middle-Earth

Images from the Middle Earth was an international Tolkien art exhibition conceived and curated by Davide Martini (Martini is now art director at Greisinger Museum) that started in Italy including more than 170 artworks.
The exhibition was first held in August 2002 at the Agolanti Fortress, Riccione, visited by 8,000 people. It continued on to: 
The exhibition was eventually reconceived and enriched with new important acquisitions (over 70 new artworks) on occasion of the following dates:
In 2005, the exhibition was held at the Musei di San Domenico in Imola, Italy from 3 June to 3 July.
Notes.
Images from the Middle Earth has been recognized as the most important exhibition of fantasy art ever realized.

</doc>
<doc id="9642963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642963" title="George James Coates">
George James Coates

George James Coates (8 August 1869 – 27 July 1930) was an Australian artist.
__NOTOC__
Early life.
Coates was born in Emerald Hill (now South Melbourne, Victoria), the son of John Coates, an artist-lithographer of English stock, and his wife Elizabeth, a daughter of Ephraim Irwin who came from Ireland. George Coates was educated at St James Grammar School, then at the age of 15 was apprenticed to a firm of glass-stainers, Messrs. Ferguson and Urie. He attended the North Melbourne school of design and then joined the evening classes at the National Gallery of Victoria Art School in Melbourne under Frederick McCubbin. He could not, however, attend continuously. His father had died when he was eight years old and the boy was sometimes unable to afford the comparatively low fees. Though not tall he was beautifully formed, an excellent swimmer and a first-rate amateur boxer. Lionel Lindsay tells the story of how a trainer had suggested that he should give up art and take up a "man's work".
Art career.
At the national gallery classes Coates won first prizes for drawing and for painting from the nude, and before the conclusion of his course opened a life class. Among the students associated with him were the Lindsay brothers, Max Meldrum and George Bell, all destined to become well known as artists. In 1896 he won the Melbourne national gallery travelling scholarship, and in 1897 went to Europe as did also a fellow competitor, Miss Dora Meeson, whom he was afterwards to marry. Coates entered Julien's classes and always felt that he had been fortunate in spending his student days in Paris at such a good period of French art, while Pierre Puvis de Chavannes, Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Edgar Degas and Jean-Paul Laurens were still living. He met Miss Meeson again in Paris and they became engaged, but as his only income came from his scholarship their marriage had to be postponed. In 1900 Coates left Paris and took a studio in London. He obtained employment in supplying drawings for the "Historian's History of the World", but after that ceased there was great difficulty in selling black and white work and portrait commissions were scarce. On 23 July 1903 Coates and Miss Meeson were married, her father having agreed to make the young couple an allowance of £100 a year. Augustus John owned a studio which he let to them at £50 a year, and a long struggle to obtain recognition followed. One early success was a portrait of Miss Jessica Strubelle, which gained an honourable mention at the salon of 1910 and is now in the Bendigo gallery; but Coates did not really come into notice until the 1912 Royal Academy exhibition where he had three important canvases hung, "Arthur Walker and his brother Harold", now at Melbourne, Christine Silver", and "Mother and Child" now in the Adelaide gallery. The success of these pictures led to some commissions and the financial position became easier. The exhibition of the painting of the Walker brothers in 1913 at the Société Nationale des Beaux Arts led to his being elected an associate of that society, and full membership followed some years later. In 1913 Mrs Coates brought some of their pictures to Australia which were exhibited in Melbourne and Adelaide. However, Coates fell ill, and his wife had to abandon a proposed exhibition of his work at Sydney and returned with him to Europe where a holiday in Italy soon restored his health.
World War I and late life.
When World War I came, Coates joined the Territorial R.A.M.C. and worked as a ward orderly. He was promoted to be a sergeant and given charge of the recreation room. In April 1919 he became an official war artist to the Australian government, and made several paintings of war scenes. But he had felt the strain of the war very much, and in April 1919 was officially discharged as "no longer physically fit for war service". He, however, was able to go on with his paintings of war subjects. In 1921 he revisited Australia, exhibitions were held at the principal cities, and several pictures were sold. Returning to England in 1922 busy years of painting followed, but his health was often not good. He died suddenly on 27 July 1930.
Artistic summary.
Coates was primarily a portrait painter, but when opportunity offered he could manage a subject painting with great ability showing beautiful feeling for rhythm and composition. His painting was usually low toned without losing luminosity, and the drawing was always excellent. He is represented in the Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, Perth, Bendigo, Ballarat, Geelong and Castlemaine art galleries, and at the Australian war museum, Canberra. Some examples of his work are also in English galleries and at the Canadian war museum. He was survived by his wife Dora Meeson Coates, a capable artist, who is also represented in Australian galleries. How much his wife meant to Coates may be gathered from the statement made by a friend that "he was utterly unhappy separated from her".

</doc>
<doc id="9642964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642964" title="Pi Epsilon">
Pi Epsilon

Pi Epsilon is an environmental sciences Honor Society open to both graduate and undergraduate students as well as professionals and scientists working in the field. Pi Epsilon was founded at Wright State University by the Environmental Sciences PhD student body in October, 2003. The purpose of Pi Epsilon is to promote the study of environmental sciences through recognition of exemplary scholarly and professional
activity. Environmental science is understood to be the study of our environment and all stressors acting on it; chemical, physical, and biological. The Society seeks to promote interdisciplinary studies, and interactions between industry and academia to further the study of environmental science.
As a new honor society, Pi Epsilon currently has two chapters and is in the process of expanding to several more universities throughout the United States. The two current chapters are the Alpha Chapter located at Wright State University in Ohio and the Beta Chapter located at the University of Virginia.
Membership requirements.
Lifetime membership is open to undergraduate and graduate students in the environmental and natural sciences who meet the following requirements:

</doc>
<doc id="9642968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642968" title="Ashina Helu">
Ashina Helu

Ishbara Qaghan (Old Turkic: , Ϊšbara qaγan, 沙缽略可汗/沙钵略可汗, Pinyin: shābōlüè kěhàn, Wade-Giles: sha-po-lüeh k'o-han, personal name Ashina Helu (阿史那賀魯/阿史那贺鲁, āshǐnà hèlǔ, a-shih-na ho-lu) (before 620—658) was a khan of the Western Turkic Khaganate. Before being a khagan, he was nicknamed Hallıg ("elevated"). He had served the interests of China's Tang Dynasty as a general prior to 651, but broke away from Tang in 651 and declared himself khan. Emperor Gaozong of Tang sent the general Su Dingfang, who commanded a campaign against him in 657, and Su defeated and captured him at the Battle of Irtysh River. Emperor Gaozong spared him, and he lived out his days at the Tang capital Chang'an.

</doc>
<doc id="9642989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9642989" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Lima">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Lima

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Lima (erected 27 April 1996) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="9643006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643006" title="Vic Thorp">
Vic Thorp

Victor Charles Thorp (25 October 1890–1 October 1941) was an Australian rules footballer for the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League between 1910 and 1925.
Nicknamed "Flippa", Thorp was the first true champion player to emerge at Richmond after their admission to the VFL in 1908. A natural defender who showed great judgement, superior ball skills and fierce concentration, Thorp was considered the best player in the game at his position, full back. His battles with Collingwood forward Dick Lee were a highlight of the era. Thorp was one of many great players who grew up in the shadow of the Tigers' Punt Road Oval and served the club loyally for many years, thus influencing the development of the parochial culture of the Richmond club.
Formative years.
As a child, Thorp attended the Yarra Park School (now defunct), just a few hundred metres to the north of Punt Road Oval and played his early football there. After leaving school in 1907, he joined Beverley, a club in the Metropolitan Football Association. At this time, the VFL didn't conduct a reserves competition, so district clubs (such as Beverley) acted as a "de facto" reserves teams. Also non-existent was any form of zoning, so Thorp was free to accept an invitation to trial with St Kilda. The Saints made one of the great errors in rejecting Thorp, who went to Richmond in 1910. In its early seasons in the VFL, Richmond frantically turned over dozens of players looking for a combination that could compete with the best in the competition. It would prove a long, drawn out process. While most failed and disappeared quickly, the Tigers knew immediately they had a find in the nineteen-year-old with the swarthy complexion.
In his debut season, Thorp walked straight into the team and played all eighteen games. As a full back, he impressed with his fine judgement when going for the ball. He instinctively knew when to play from behind and when to position himself in front, when to mark and when to spoil and read the play so well he never seemed to be caught out of position. Although only of average height (178 cm), Thorp was very solidly built at 83 kg and his kicking skills stood out. Charged with the duty of kicking in after the opposition had scored a behind, Thorp regularly thrilled the crowd with glorious long drop kicks to clear the Tigers' defensive area.
The War era.
When numbers were first used on players' guernseys in 1912, Thorp received the number 5. By the outbreak of World War I he was a veteran of five seasons, during which he had missed just four matches. Although considered one of the best defenders in the game, Thorp had not yet been chosen for Victoria when state matches went into recess because of the war. Perhaps Thorp's failure to win representative honours was influenced by the mediocre performances of his team. Despite producing a number of brilliant individuals, the best of whom was Thorp, the club couldn't create a synergy between its off-field and on-field personnel, and constantly turned over its leadership positions and endured several take-overs at committee level.
Unlike many of his teammates, Thorp decided against enlistment for the war. In 1916, the VFL competition was reduced to just four clubs, but still played a finals series. Richmond decided to compete and were guaranteed a place in the finals for the first time, and went on to an unlucky semi final loss to Carlton by three points. For some unexplained reason, Thorp played in this match under the alias of R Sharp. For many years, the VFL statistics showed R Sharp as one of the few footballers to make his debut in a final, until it was discovered that Thorp was Sharp.
In another truncated season, Thorp won Richmond's best player award for the first time in 1917, but the Tigers finished the season last of the six teams. The following year was little better for the team, but at least the war finally ended on 11 November and football could look forward to a return to normal.
Success at last.
With the appointment of ex-Carlton premiership coach Norm Clark and many of the Tigers' best players returning from military service in Europe, 1919 proved to be the turning point for Richmond. Thorp was in career-best form, gaining life membership of the club and representing Victoria for the first time when interstate fixtures were resumed. The team made the Grand Final, to the surprise of many, only to lose to Collingwood. In the following year, Richmond stirred the rivalry with the Magpies by appointing ex-Collingwood skipper Dan Minogue as playing coach. After winning the minor premiership, Richmond went on to defeat Collingwood for the flag. With Dick Lee injured and unable to take his place in the Magpies side, Thorp was able to easily blanket his replacement, Harry Curtis, and contribute significantly to the result.
Richmond followed up with a second flag in 1921. At the business end of the season, Thorp dominated the semi final thrashing of Geelong and was instrumental in two upset victories over Carlton by winning his duels with the Blues' captain Gordon Green. The team slipped backwards in 1922-23, due to retirements and transfers, but a highlight came on 22 June 1922, when in a match at Fitzroy, Vic Thorp became the first Tiger to play 200 VFL games. 
Richmond returned to finals action in 1924, when Thorp won the Richmond best and fairest for the second time. The Tigers won their last final, against Essendon, but didn't win the premiership as the Grand Final was abolished and a round robin tournament played in its stead. This controversial system was never used again to decide the premiership, which was little consolation to the disenfranchised Richmond players.
Retirement and after.
After the belated start to his representative career, Thorp had racked up an amazing fourteen appearances in the Big V in only six years. Heading into the 1925 season aged 34, Thorp played every week and then decided to retire, still on top of his game. In sixteen seasons, he had missed just ten matches, with his worst injury a broken wrist that cost him three games in 1914. Overall, it was a tribute to his sportsmanship and integrity as a player. During his career he had played a major part in the Tigers' rise from mediocrity to the dizzy heights of winning successive premierships that cemented their place as one of the powerhouses of the competition. Thorp appeared in every big game and final the Tigers played, and was always a steady influence when the chips were down. Unfortunately for the Tigers, they couldn't find an adequate replacement for him until the early 1930s, by which time they had lost a succession of Grand Finals when the weakness at full back was often exposed. 
Thorp was elected to the Richmond committee in 1927, after a brief sojourn at the VFA club Prahran, where he ironically played as a forward and led the club's goalkicking. Thorp remained a stalwart of Richmond all his life, running a tea merchant business in the suburb and serving as committeeman until 1935. He also wrote regular articles for Melbourne's "Sporting Globe". When Thorp died in 1941, aged only 50, he was still Richmond's games played record holder.
AFL Team of the Century and Aboriginality.
In 1996, Thorp was elected as an inaugural member of the Australian Football Hall of Fame, the only Richmond player of the pre-World War I era to receive the honour. There is a case for Thorp to have won the full back position in the AFL's team of the century, chosen at the same time. But it would have to have been a decision based on second-hand sources, as he finished playing before any of the judges were born, and no film exists of him in action. It is not surprising that he lost out to Carlton's Steve Silvagni. Similarly, Jack Regan, the star Collingwood full back of the 1930s, was also overlooked.
It has been speculated in modern times that Thorp was aboriginal. Thorp had a noticeably dark complexion, but there is no evidence extant that he identified as aboriginal, which could possibly be due to the racist attitudes of the era. Colin Tatz, academia's authority on aboriginal sportspeople, has listed Thorp as "possibly" an aborigine. If one day Thorp is found to be of aboriginal heritage, then many modern AFL records would need revision (such as the first indigenous player to achieve 200 games), and he would be recorded as the most successful indigenous player during the first 100 years of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9643013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643013" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Verapaz, Cobán">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Verapaz, Cobán

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Verapaz, Cobán (erected 27 July 1921, as the Vicariate Apostolic of Verapaz and Petén) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala. It was elevated and renamed on 14 January 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="9643016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643016" title="Menai Roosters">
Menai Roosters

The Menai Roosters Rugby League Football Club (also known as Menai District) is both a junior and senior amateur rugby league football club that was formed in 1984 and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League. The club is based out of Akuna Oval at Bangor where its clubhouse and headquarters are located and usually draws the large majority of its junior players from Menai and the surrounding suburbs of Bangor, Illawong, Alfords Point and Barden Ridge.
The Menai club currently field teams from Under 6 age groups all the way up to A Grade.

</doc>
<doc id="9643033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643033" title="Japanese gunboat Kotaka">
Japanese gunboat Kotaka


</doc>
<doc id="9643034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643034" title="Jared Colinger">
Jared Colinger

Jared Colinger is a songwriter and musician based in Tennessee. He has recorded with Frank Lenz, Josh Dooley (of Map), Jason Martin (of Starflyer 59) and Ronnie Martin (of Joy Electric). Originally in Eastern Tennessee he moved to the west coast in early 2007 to tour more and continue his recording. From 2004 through 2007 he was marketed, distributed and managed by ALLALOM Music.
He announced on his Myspace in January 2008 that he was moving back to Tennessee and has broken ties with ALLALOM Music to pursue things independently. A year later in early 2009, Colinger adopted the collective band name, The Enigmatic Foe, after one of his songs.
Discography.
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="9643075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643075" title="Kengtung Airport">
Kengtung Airport

Kengtung Airport is an airport in Kengtung, Burma .

</doc>
<doc id="9643083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643083" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Zacapa y Santo Cristo de Esquipulas">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Zacapa y Santo Cristo de Esquipulas

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zacapa y Santo Cristo de Esquipulas (erected 10 March 1951, as the Diocese of Zacapa) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala. It was joined with the Territorial Prelature of Santo Cristo de Esquipulas and renamed on 24 June 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="9643085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643085" title="Walter Hyatt">
Walter Hyatt

Walter Hyatt (October 25, 1949 - May 11, 1996) American singer and songwriter. His band, known as Uncle Walt's Band, was involved in the alternative music scene in Austin, Texas, from its inception and is credited by many with being the Godfather of Americana Music or the Original Americana Artist, never easily pegged into any one musical genre or format of commercial music styles.
Early life.
Born in Spartanburg, South Carolina, Walter Hyatt was exposed to different styles of music at an early age, including styles favored by his parents and the multifaceted nature of pop radio of the time. He started playing the guitar at age 13, using a Mel Bay chord book to learn all the music chords, and formed his first band in his mid-teen years. Walter attended Wofford College for two years but left before graduation to pursue his music career.
http://spartanburgmusictrail.com/musicians/walter-hyatt/
Music career.
At age 20, Hyatt formed Uncle Walt's Band with Champ Hood and David Ball, two of his fellow Spartanburg citizens. They moved to Nashville, Tennessee, in 1972, where they caught the attention of Willis Alan Ramsey, a famous and revered Texas singer and songwriter. Luring them to his studio, Ramsey would become the band's first noted fan.
The band returned to the Carolinas in 1974, recording "Blame It On The Bossanova," their first record, at Charlotte, North Carolina's Arthur Smith Studios.
A year later, Uncle Walt's Band split up, with Hyatt returning to Nashville and forming a new band, "The Contenders", with Champ Hood and Nashville musicians Steve Runkle, Tommy Goldsmith, and drummer Jimbeau Walsh.
In 1978, Uncle Walt's Band played a reunion gig in Austin, and the success that followed kept the band together in subsequent years. That success wasn't limited to the South, however. Uncle Walt's Band gained a cult following around the world, ranging from the University of California - Berkeley to Moscow University in Russia. UWB released three more albums on what is now considered Austin, Texas's original Indy labels, Lespedeza Record Company: "An American in Texas", "Uncle Walt's Band Recorded Live", and "Six * Twenty Six * Seventy Nine".
In 1987, Hyatt returned to Nashville with his wife, Heidi Hyatt, and there he embarked on a solo career. The work that resulted from this career move, while artistically fruitful and critically acclaimed, was never a commercial success. In 1990, Hyatt became the first vocalist for MCA's Master Series label. His first solo album from this label titled, "King Tears", was produced by Lyle Lovett, who was a big fan of Uncle Walt's Band in his college days at Texas A&M University. Lovett would later offer Hyatt the opening-act slot during his own music tours. In 1993, Hyatt released his second solo album, "Music Town", on the Sugar Hill label.
Hyatt's "Some Unfinished Business, Volume One" was released January 22, 2008 to rave reviews. Taken from the last songs Hyatt recorded before his death, "Volume One" brings artists and musicians together to add the finishing touches to Uncle Walt's extraordinary music. Producer Michael Killen, working with Heidi Hyatt, assembled a who's who of Nashville musicians to accomplish this task. Killen scoured tape after tape left behind by Walter to find the best performance of each song. Together with Nashville engineer Nick Sparks, the two prepared each track for overdubbing. Killen envisioned three CD's of Walter's songs. A country album, an R&B rock album, and a jazz/ballad flavored album. Enough tracks were recorded for all three. The songs on "Some Unfinished Business, Volume One" - 2008, and "Some Unfinished Business, Volume Two" - 2010, represent these distinct Walter Hyatt styles.
Death.
Following a gig in Key West with the King Tears Band, Hyatt was killed in the crash of ValuJet Flight 592 on May 11, 1996. Walter Hyatt was 47. He is survived by his wife Heidi and their two children, Taylor and Rose Evelyn, also Walter's daughter Haley.
Tributes.
In 1997, an episode of the PBS show Austin City Limits featured a tribute to Hyatt put together by Lyle Lovett and various musicians who have had associations with him. Among the performers were Junior Brown, Shawn Colvin, Allison Moorer, Marcia Ball, David Halley, Willis Alan Ramsey, Jimmie Dale Gilmore, Lyle Lovett, and his Uncle Walt's Band bandmates, Champ Hood and David Ball. Most who knew Walter would attest to his sincere interest in his music, and his kindness and gentle personality.
In 2008, the Austin Music Awards put together a tribute to Walter. Lyle Lovett and David Ball were joined by Champ Hood's son, singer and fiddle player Warren Hood, as well as Champ Hood's nephew, singer and guitarist Marshall Hood of The Belleville Outfit.
In the song "That's Right (You're Not From Texas)" from the 1996 album "The Road To Ensenada", Lyle Lovett pays tribute to Walter Hyatt and Uncle Walt's band when he sings, "Now David's on the radio/ And Old Champ's still on the guitar/ And Uncle Walt he's home with Heidi / Lying in her loving arms."

</doc>
<doc id="9643090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643090" title="Kuzhi paniyaram">
Kuzhi paniyaram

The Kuzhi paniyaram (Tamil: Kuzhi paniyaram)ಪಡ್ಡು-Paddu (Kannada) Guntha Ponganalu (Telugu) is a Tamil dish made by steaming batter — traditionally made from pulses (specifically black lentils) and rice using a mould. The batter used is the same as that for idli and dosa. Kuzhi paniyarams can be made sweet or spicy. The spicy version has sautéed onions and green chillies mixed with the batter.
Kuzhi paniyarams used to be made for eating on long distance trips without the use of a refrigerator.
Cooking devices.
A kuzhi paniyaram pan usually comes with 7 holes. Special "chokka" (colloquialism for "shirt") Kuzhi paniyarams are usually sweet and are doughnut shaped. The pan for sweet "chokka paniyaram" comes with just three holes (for three pieces). Each of the 3 holes have one post each to create the hole for the doughnut shape. Turning the second side for cooking and ensuring the doughnut shape properly needs more practice.
Alternate names.
Kuzhi paniyaram is known by various names in Southern India, including "paddu", "appe", "guliappa", "gulittu", "gundponglu", "ponganalu", and "gunta pongadalu".
References.
Sweet version of Paniyaram from Karnataka

</doc>
<doc id="9643099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643099" title="Khamti Airport">
Khamti Airport

Khamti Airport , also known as Hkamti Airport, is an airport serving Khamti (Hkamti), a town in the Khamti (Hkamti) District of the Sagaing Division in northwestern Burma.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which measures . The runway was extended in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9643100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643100" title="Chris Hatcher">
Chris Hatcher

Chris Hatcher (born February 18, 1973) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the head coach at Murray State University, a position he has held since the 2010 season. Previously, Hatcher served as the head coach at Valdosta State University from 2000 to 2006 and at Georgia Southern University from 2007 to 2009. His Valdosta State Blazers won the NCAA Division II National Football Championship in 2004. Hatcher played college football as a quarterback at Valdosta State from 1991 to 1994.
Playing career.
A two-time All-American quarterback at Valdosta State University, Hatcher threw for 11,363 yards and 121 touchdowns during his stellar career. During his senior year in 1994, he led the Blazers to their first-ever postseason berth, advancing to the quarterfinals. When his career was completed, Hatcher set 29 VSU passing and total offense records. Among the national records he once set were a 68.5 career completion percentage and streak of 20 straight completions in a game against New Haven.
Hatcher was also successful in the classroom. Twice he received the Gulf South Conference’s Commissioner’s Trophy (which is awarded to the league’s Most Outstanding Student-Athlete). He finished his senior year by winning several national honors including: the NCAA Top Eight Award, the CoSIDA Academic All-America National Player of the Year and a postgraduate scholarship from the National Football Foundation and College Football Hall of Fame. In 1994 he won the Harlon Hill Trophy, awarded to the NCAA Division II National Player of the Year. Hatcher graduated from Valdosta State in 1995.
Coaching career.
Valdosta State.
The winningest coach in Blazers' history, Hatcher was 76–12 at his alma mater. When Hatcher took over as head coach in 2000, he wasted no time molding the Valdosta State program into the "Hatch Attack". In his first year back at VSU, Hatcher took a 4–7 squad the previous year and turned it around to a 10–2 record (8–1 in GSC action) and berth in the Division II playoffs.
His 2001 and 2002 teams posted back-to-back undefeated records during the regular season, part of a Gulf South Conference record 35 straight victories during the regular season.
During the 2004 championship season, the Blazers lost their season-opener before rattling off 14 consecutive victories, capped by a 36–31 victory over Pittsburg State in the title game. Hatcher was named "National Coach of the Year" by the American Football Coaches Association and was the offensive coordinator for the East squad at the Hula Bowl.
In 2005, Valdosta opened the season ranked No. 1 for four straight weeks and saw the season culminate with a sixth-straight NCAA postseason appearance. Despite an 8-2 record in 2006, the 10th-ranked Blazers did not receive an invitation to the playoffs, marking the first time that occurred in the Hatcher era.
2006's team finished sixth nationally in passing offense (283 yards per game), 12th in scoring offense (34.9 ppg) and 19th in total offense (389.9 yards). However, Hatcher’s teams have been successful in all three facets. The 2006 defense ranked 27th nationally in scoring defense (15.7 points allowed) while the special teams ranked third in punt returns (17.3 yards) and blocked seven kicks.
Georgia Southern.
Georgia Southern Director of Athletics Sam Baker announced the hiring of Hatcher as head football coach in January 2007.
"There were a lot of qualified candidates, but Chris Hatcher was someone I felt embodied all we were looking for," said Baker. "Chris has a proven track record as a head coach - capturing the national championship in 2004 and recording an .864 winning percentage during his seven-year tenure at Valdosta State. I looked for a coach who knows how to win and I believe Coach Hatcher can do that at the Division I level. I also wanted to hire a coach with strong recruiting ties in Georgia and Florida. Coach Hatcher knows the area well… Our Athletic Department’s charge was to go out and hire a head coach that will improve on the progress we made off the field, and have that translate to on-the-field success. I think we have that coach in Chris Hatcher."
On November 21, 2009, Georgia Southern Athletic Director, Sam Baker, announced the firing of Hatcher after the 2009 season.
Murray State.
On December 21, 2009, Murray State University Athletic Director, Allen Ward, announced the hiring of Hatcher beginning the 2010 season. In his first year at Murray State Hatcher led the Racers to a 5–3 record in the Ohio Valley Conference (tied for fourth place), and a 6–5 record overall. 2010 was the Racers first winning season since 2004. Went 7-4 in the 2011 season
Personal life.
Hatcher and his wife, Lori, also a graduate of Valdosta State, are the parents of a son, Ty and a daughter, Talley Ann.

</doc>
<doc id="9643114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643114" title="Kyaukpyu Airport">
Kyaukpyu Airport

Kyaukpyu Airport is an airport in Kyaukpyu, Burma . 
The runway of Kyaukpyu Airport was 4,620 feet long and 100 feet wide. It is able to handle Fokker F28 Fellowship jet aircraft used by Myanma Airways. It is planned to extend the runway by 1,000 feet in 2011 and 1,400 feet in next two years. After that it will have a length of 7,000 feet and a width of 100 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="9643121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643121" title="George Schaefer (director)">
George Schaefer (director)

George Louis Schaefer (December 16, 1920 – September 10, 1997) was a American director of television and Broadway theatre, who was active from the 1950s to the 1990s.
Life and career.
Schaefer was born in Wallingford, Connecticut, and lived in Oak Park, Illinois for much of his boyhood and young adulthood. He was the son of Elsie (née Otterbein) and Louis Schaefer, who worked in sales. Schaefer studied stage directing at the Yale School of Drama. He began his directing career while serving in the U.S. Army Special Services during World War II. He directed over 50 plays for the troops. After being discharged, he directed for the Broadway theatre. His first production was of Shakespeare's "Hamlet" starring Maurice Evans. In 1953, Schaefer won a Tony Award his production of "The Teahouse of the August Moon" which he co-produced with Evans. 
During the Golden Age of Television, he directed numerous live TV adaptations of Broadway plays for NBC's "Hallmark Hall of Fame". His first episode for "Hallmark" was an adaptation of his Broadway staging of "Hamlet" starring Evans. In the 1980s, several of his productions for "Hallmark" aired in syndication under the title "George Schaefer Showcase Theatre". His television work garnered him five Emmy wins out of 21 total nominations. He also won four Directors Guild of America Awards out of 17 nominations. He holds the record for the most DGA Award nominations. He also directed five theatrical films but to limited success.
In February 1962, actors who had worked with Schaefer, including Ed Wynn, Ethel Griffies and Boris Karloff, participated in a tribute to him on the late-night talk show "PM East/PM West" that was based in New York and distributed by Westinghouse Broadcasting to a select few cities, none of them in the Deep South. This telecast holds the distinction of being the only episode of "PM East/PM West", which aired five nights a week for more than a year, to survive completely. A videocassette of the 1962 telecast is available for viewing at the UCLA Film and Television Archive. 
From 1979 to 1981, Schaefer was president of the Directors Guild of America. He was as a board member of President Ronald Reagan's National Council on the Arts from 1982 to 1988. In 1985, he was appointed Chairman and later associate Dean at the UCLA School of Theater Film and Television where he stayed until 1991. 
In 1996, he released his autobiography "From Live to Tape to Film: 60 Years of Inconspicuous Directing".
Schaefer continued directing TV movies until his death in 1997. His final TV movie was an adaptation of "Harvey". He was survived by his wife, Mildred, whom he married in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="9643127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643127" title="Bradley effect">
Bradley effect

The Bradley effect, less commonly called the Wilder effect, is a theory proposed to explain observed discrepancies between voter opinion polls and election outcomes in some United States government elections where a white candidate and a non-white candidate run against each other. The theory proposes that some voters will tell pollsters they are undecided or likely to vote for a black candidate, while on election day they vote for the white candidate. It was named after Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley, an African-American who lost the 1982 California governor's race despite being ahead in voter polls going into the elections.
The Bradley effect theory posits that the inaccurate polls were skewed by the phenomenon of social desirability bias. Specifically, some white voters give inaccurate polling responses for fear that, by stating their true preference, they will open themselves to criticism of racial motivation. Members of the public may feel under pressure to provide an answer that is deemed to be more publicly acceptable, or 'politically correct'. The reluctance to give accurate polling answers has sometimes extended to post-election exit polls as well. The race of the pollster conducting the interview may factor into voters' answers.
Some analysts have dismissed the theory of the Bradley effect, or argued that it may have existed in past elections, but not in more recent ones, such as when Barack Obama was elected and reelected President of the United States in 2008 and 2012 respectively. Others believe that it is a persistent phenomenon.
Similar effects have been posited in other contexts, notably the Shy Tory Factor and spiral of silence.
Origin.
In 1982, Tom Bradley, the long-time mayor of Los Angeles, California, ran as the Democratic Party's candidate for Governor of California against Republican candidate George Deukmejian, who is white (of Armenian descent). Most polls in the final days before the election showed Bradley with a significant lead. Based on exit polls, a number of media outlets projected Bradley as the winner and early editions of the next day's "San Francisco Chronicle" featured a headline proclaiming "Bradley Win Projected." However, despite winning a majority of the votes cast on election day, Bradley narrowly lost the overall race once absentee ballots were included. Post-election research indicated that a smaller percentage of white voters actually voted for Bradley than polls had predicted, and that previously undecided voters had voted for Deukmejian in statistically anomalous numbers.
A month prior to the election, Bill Roberts, Deukmejian's campaign manager, predicted that white voters would break for his candidate. He told reporters that he expected Deukmejian to receive approximately 5 percent more votes than polling numbers indicated because white voters were giving inaccurate polling responses to conceal the appearance of racial prejudice. Deukmejian disavowed Roberts's comments, and Roberts resigned his post as campaign manager.
Some news sources and columnists have attributed the theory's origin to Charles Henry, a professor of African-American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley. Henry researched the election in its aftermath and, in a 1983 study, reached the controversial conclusion that race was the most likely factor in Bradley's defeat. However, one critic of the Bradley effect theory has charged that Mervin Field of The Field Poll had already offered the theory as explanation for his poll's errors, suggesting it (without providing supporting data for the claim) on the day after the election. Ken Khachigian, a senior strategist and day-to-day tactician in Deukmejian's 1982 campaign, has noted that Field's final pre-election poll was badly timed, since it was taken over the weekend, and most late polls failed to register a surge in support for Deukmejian in the campaign's final two weeks. In addition, the exit polling failed to consider absentee balloting in an election which saw an "unprecedented wave of absentee voters" organized on Deukmejian's behalf. In short, Khachigian argues, the "Bradley effect" was simply an attempt to come up with an excuse for what was really the result of flawed opinion polling practices.
1983 to 1992.
Other races which have been cited as possible demonstrations of the Bradley effect include the 1983 race for Mayor of Chicago, the 1988 Democratic primary race in Wisconsin for President of the United States, and the 1989 race for Mayor of New York City.
The 1983 race in Chicago featured a black candidate, Harold Washington, running against white candidate, Bernard Epton. More so than the California governor's race the year before, the Washington-Epton matchup evinced strong and overt racial overtones throughout the campaign. Two polls conducted approximately two weeks before the election showed Washington with a 14-point lead in the race. A third conducted just three days before the election confirmed Washington continuing to hold a lead of 14 points. But in the election's final results, Washington won by less than four points.
In the 1988 Democratic presidential primary in Wisconsin, pre-election polls pegged black candidate Jesse Jackson—at the time, a legitimate challenger to white candidate and frontrunner Michael Dukakis—as likely to receive approximately one-third of the white vote. Ultimately, however, Jackson carried only about one quarter of that vote, with the discrepancy in the heavily white state contributing to a large margin of victory for Dukakis over the second-place Jackson.
In the 1989 race for Mayor of New York, a poll conducted just over a week before the election showed black candidate David Dinkins holding an 18-point lead over white candidate Rudy Giuliani. Four days before the election, a new poll showed that lead to have shrunk, but still standing at 14 points. On the day of the election, Dinkins prevailed by only two points.
Similar voter behavior was noted in the 1989 race for Governor of Virginia between Democrat L. Douglas Wilder, an African-American, and Republican Marshall Coleman, a Caucasian candidate. In that race, Wilder prevailed, but by less than half of one percent, when pre-election poll numbers showed him on average with 9 percent lead. The discrepancy was attributed to white voters telling pollsters that they were undecided when they actually voted for Marshall Coleman.
After the 1989 Virginia gubernatorial election, the Bradley effect was sometimes called the Wilder effect. Both terms are still used; and less commonly, the term "Dinkins effect" is also used.
Also sometimes mentioned are:
Possible diminished effects.
Analyses of recent elections suggest that there may be some evidence of a diminution in the 'Bradley Effect'. However at this stage such evidence is too limited to confirm a trend.
2003 Louisiana gubernatorial election.
A few analysts, such as political commentator and "The Weekly Standard" editor Fred Barnes, attributed the four-point loss by Indian-American candidate Bobby Jindal in the 2003 Louisiana gubernatorial runoff election to the Bradley effect. In making his argument, Barnes mentioned polls that had shown Jindal with a lead. Others, such as "National Review" contributor Rod Dreher, countered that later polls taken just before the election correctly showed that lead to have evaporated, and reported the candidates to be statistically tied. In 2007, Jindal ran again, this time securing an easy victory, with his final vote total remaining in line with or stronger than the predictions of the polls conducted shortly before the election.
2006 Senate races.
In 2006, there was speculation that the Bradley effect might appear in the Tennessee race for United States Senator between Harold Ford, Jr. and white candidate Bob Corker. Ford lost by a slim margin, but an examination of exit polling data indicated that the percentage of white voters who voted for him remained close to the percentage that indicated they would do so in polls conducted prior to the election. Several other 2006 biracial contests saw pre-election polls predict their respective elections' final results with similar accuracy.
In the race for United States Senator from Maryland, black Republican candidate Michael Steele lost by a wider margin than predicted by late polls. However, those polls correctly predicted Steele's numbers, with the discrepancy in his margin of defeat resulting from their underestimating the numbers for his white Democratic opponent, then longtime Representative Ben Cardin. Those same polls also underestimated the Democratic candidate in the state's race for governor—a race in which both candidates were white.
The overall accuracy of the polling data from the 2006 elections was cited, both by those who argue that the Bradley effect has diminished in American politics, and those who doubt its existence in the first place. When asked about the issue in 2007, Douglas Wilder indicated that while he believed there was still a need for black candidates to be wary of polls, he felt that voters were displaying "more openness" in their polling responses and becoming "less resistant" to giving an accurate answer than was the case at the time of his gubernatorial election. When asked about the possibility of seeing a Bradley effect in 2008, Joe Trippi, who had been a deputy campaign manager for Tom Bradley in 1982, offered a similar assessment, saying, "The country has come a hell of a long way. I think it's a mistake to think that there'll be any kind of big surprise like there was in the Bradley campaign in 1982. But I also think it'd be a mistake to say, 'It's all gone.'"
Exit polling.
Inaccurate polling statistics attributed to the Bradley effect are not limited to pre-election polls. In the initial hours after voting concluded in the Bradley-Deukmejian race in 1982, similarly inaccurate exit polls led some news organizations to project Bradley to have won.
Republican pollster V. Lance Tarrance, Jr. argues that the exit polls were wrong because Bradley actually won on election day turnout, but lost the absentee vote.
Exit polls in the Wilder-Coleman race in 1989 also proved inaccurate in their projection of a ten-point win for Wilder, despite those same exit polls accurately predicting other statewide races. In 2006, a ballot measure in Michigan to end affirmative action generated exit poll numbers showing the race to be too close to call. Ultimately, the measure passed by a wide margin.
Causes.
The causes of the polling errors are debated, but pollsters generally believe that perceived societal pressures have led some white voters to be less than forthcoming in their poll responses. These voters supposedly have harbored a concern that declaring their support for a white candidate over a non-white candidate will create a perception that the voter is racially prejudiced. During the 1988 Jackson presidential campaign, Murray Edelman, a veteran election poll analyst for news organizations and a former president of the American Association for Public Opinion Research, found the race of the pollster conducting the interview to be a factor in the discrepancy. Edelman's research showed white voters to be more likely to indicate support for Jackson when asked by a black interviewer than when asked by a white interviewer.
Andrew Kohut, who was the president of the Gallup Organization during the 1989 Dinkins/Giuliani race and later president of the Pew Research Center, which conducted research into the phenomenon, has suggested that the discrepancies may arise, not from white participants giving false answers, but rather from white voters who have negative opinions of blacks being less likely to participate in polling at all than white voters who do not share such negative sentiments with regard to blacks.
While there is widespread belief in a racial component as at least a partial explanation for the polling inaccuracies in the elections in question, it is not universally accepted that this is the primary factor. Peter Brodnitz, a pollster and contributor to the newsletter "The Polling Report", worked on the 2006 campaign of black U.S. Senate candidate Harold Ford, Jr., and contrary to Edelman's findings in 1988, Brodnitz indicated that he did not find the race of the interviewer to be a factor in voter responses in pre-election polls. Brodnitz suggested that late-deciding voters tend to have moderate-to-conservative political opinions and that this may account in part for last-minute decision-makers breaking largely away from black candidates, who have generally been more liberal than their white opponents in the elections in question. Another prominent skeptic of the Bradley effect is Gary Langer, the director of polling for ABC News. Langer has described the Bradley effect as "a theory in search of data." He has argued that inconsistency of its appearance, particularly in more recent elections, casts doubt upon its validity as a theory."'The argument of a specific Bradley effect,' insisted Langer, 'still looks to me to like a theory in search of data ... I don't see why this effect would be limited, before now, to a handful of elections 15 to 25 years ago. And I don't know how to understand its absence in so many other black-white races – five and governors' races in 2006 alone, as I note – in which pre-election polling was dead on.'
'Newton's Law of Gravity doesn't just work on Thursdays,' Langer said. 'You want an effect to be clearly established as an effect through analysis of empirical data, and maybe in more than one election. And to call it an effect you want it to be a consistent effect, or to explain its inconsistency'".</ref>
Of all of the races presented as possible examples of the Bradley effect theory, perhaps the one most fiercely rebutted by the theory's critics is the 1982 Bradley/Deukmejian contest itself. People involved with both campaigns, as well as those involved with the inaccurate polls have refuted the significance of the Bradley effect in determining that election's outcome. Former "Los Angeles Times" reporter Joe Mathews said that he talked to more than a dozen people who played significant roles in either the Bradley or Deukmejian campaign and that only two felt there was a significant race-based component to the polling failures. Mark DiCamillo, Director of The Field Poll, which was among those that had shown Bradley with a strong lead, has not ruled out the possibility of a Bradley effect as a minor factor, but also said that the organization's own internal examination after that election identified other possible factors that may have contributed to their error, including a shift in voter preference after the final pre-election polls and a high profile ballot initiative in the same election, a Republican absentee ballot program and a low minority turnout, each of which may have caused pre-election polls to inaccurately predict which respondents were likely voters.
Prominent Republican pollster V. Lance Tarrance, Jr. flatly denies that the Bradley effect occurred during that election, echoing the absentee ballot factor cited by DiCamillo. Tarrance also reports that his own firm's pre-election polls done for the Deukmejian campaign showed the race as having closed from a wide lead for Bradley one month prior to the election down to a statistical dead heat by the day of the election. While acknowledging that some news sources projected a Bradley victory based upon Field Poll exit polls which were also inaccurate, he counters that at the same time, other news sources were able to correctly predict Deukmejian's victory by using other exit polls that were more accurate. Tarrance claims that The Field Poll speculated, without supplying supporting data, in offering the Bradley effect theory as an explanation for why its polling had failed, and he attributes the emergence of the Bradley effect theory to media outlets focusing on this, while ignoring that there were other conflicting polls which had been correct all along.
Sal Russo, a consultant for Deukmejian in the race has said that another private pollster working for the campaign, Lawrence Research, also accurately captured the late surge in favor of Deukmejian, polling as late as the night before the election. According to Russo, that firm's prediction after its final poll was an extremely narrow victory for Deukmejian. He asserts that the failure of pre-election polls such as The Field Poll arose, largely because they stopped polling too soon, and that the failure of the exit polls was due to their inability to account for absentee ballots.
Blair Levin, a staffer on the Bradley campaign in 1982 said that as he reviewed early returns at a Bradley hotel on election night, he saw that Deukmejian would probably win. In those early returns, he had taken particular note of the high number of absentee ballots, as well as a higher-than-expected turnout in California's Central Valley by conservative voters who had been mobilized to defeat the handgun ballot initiative mentioned by DiCamillo. According to Levin, even as he heard the "victory" celebration going on among Bradley supporters downstairs, those returns had led him to the conclusion that Bradley was likely to lose. John Phillips, the primary sponsor of the controversial gun control proposition, said that he felt as though he, rather than polling inaccuracies, was the primary target of the blame assigned by those present at the Bradley hotel that night. Nelson Rising, Bradley's campaign chair, spoke of having warned Bradley long before any polling concerns arose that endorsing the ballot initiative would ultimately doom his campaign. Rejecting the idea that the Bradley effect theory was a factor in the outcome, Rising said, “If there is such an effect, it shouldn’t be named for Bradley, or associated with him in any way.”
In 2008, several political analysts discussing the Bradley effect referred to a study authored by Daniel J. Hopkins, a post-doctoral fellow in Harvard University's Department of Government, which sought to determine whether the Bradley effect theory was valid, and whether an analogous phenomenon might be observed in races between a female candidate and a male candidate. Hopkins analyzed data from 133 elections between 1989 and 2006, compared the results of those elections to the corresponding pre-election poll numbers, and considered some of the alternate explanations which have been offered for any discrepancies therein. The study concluded finally that the Bradley effect was a real phenomenon, amounting to a median gap of 3.1 percentage points before 1996, but that it was likely not the sole factor in those discrepancies, and further that it had ceased to manifest itself at all by 1996. The study also suggested a connection between the Bradley effect and the level of racial rhetoric exhibited in the discussion of the political issues of the day. It asserted that the timing of the disappearance of the Bradley effect coincided with that of a decrease in such rhetoric in American politics over such potentially racially-charged issues as crime and welfare. The study found no evidence of a corresponding effect based upon gender – in fact, female Senate candidates received on average 1.2 percentage points more votes than polls had predicted.
2008 United States presidential election.
The 2008 presidential campaign of Barack Obama, a black United States Senator, brought a heightened level of scrutiny to the Bradley effect, as observers searched for signs of the effect in comparing Obama's polling numbers to the actual election results during the Democratic primary elections. After a victorious showing in the Iowa caucuses, where votes were cast publicly, polls predicted that Obama would also capture the New Hampshire Democratic primary election by a large margin over Hillary Clinton, a white senator. However, Clinton defeated Obama by three points in the New Hampshire race, where ballots were cast secretly, immediately initiating suggestions by some analysts that the Bradley effect may have been at work. Other analysts cast doubt on this hypothesis, saying that the polls underestimated Clinton rather than overestimated Obama. Clinton may have also benefited from the primacy effect in the New Hampshire primary as she was listed ahead of Obama on every New Hampshire ballot.
After the Super Tuesday elections of February 5, 2008, political science researchers from the University of Washington found trends suggesting the possibility that with regard to Obama, the effect's presence or absence may be dependent on the percentage of the electorate that is black. The researchers noted that to that point in the election season, opinion polls taken just prior to an election tended to overestimate Obama in states with a black population below eight percent, to track him within the polls' margins of error in states with a black population between ten and twenty percent, and to underestimate him in states with a black population exceeding twenty-five percent. The first finding suggested the possibility of the Bradley effect, while the last finding suggested the possibility of a "reverse" Bradley effect in which black voters might have been reluctant to declare to pollsters their support for Obama or are underpolled. For example, many general election polls in North Carolina and Virginia assume that black voters will be 15% to 20% of each state's electorate; they were around a quarter of each state's electorate in 2004. This high support effect has been attributed to high black voter turnout in those states' primaries. Blacks supported Obama by margins often exceeding 97%. With only one exception, each state which had opinion polls incorrectly predict the outcome of the Democratic contest, had polls which accurately predicted the outcome of the state's Republican contest (which featured only white candidates).
Alternatively, Douglas Wilder has suggested that a 'reverse Bradley effect' may be possible because some Republicans may not openly say they will vote for a black candidate, but may do so on election day. The "Fishtown Effect" is a scenario where prejudiced or racist white voters cast their vote for a black candidate solely on economic concerns. Fishtown, a mostly-white and economically depressed neighborhood in Philadelphia, voted 81% for Obama in the 2008 election. Alternatively, writer Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez suggested another plausible factor is something called the "Huxtable effect", where the positive image of the respectable African American character, Cliff Huxtable, a respected middle class pediatrician and father on the 1980s landmark television series, "The Cosby Show", made young voters who grew up with that series' initial run comfortable with the idea of an African American man being a viable Presidential candidate, which enhanced Obama's election chances with that population. Others have called it the "Palmer effect" on the theory that David Palmer, a fictional president played by Dennis Haysbert during the second and third seasons of the hit drama "24", showed viewers that an African-American man can be a strong Commander-in Chief.
This election was widely scrutinized as analysts tried to definitively determine whether the Bradley effect is still a significant factor in the political sphere. An inspection of the discrepancy between pre-election polls and Obama's ultimate support reveals significant bivariate support for the hypothesized "reverse Bradley effect." On average, Obama received three percentage points more support in the primaries and caucuses than he did during polling; however, he also had a strong ground campaign, and many polls do not question voters with only cell phones, who are predominantly young.
Obama went on to win the election with 53% of the popular vote and a large electoral college victory.
Following the 2008 presidential election, a number of news sources reported that the result confirmed the absence of a 'Bradley Effect' in view of the close correlation between the pre-election polls and the actual share of the popular vote.
However, it has been suggested that such assumptions based on the overall share of the vote are too simplistic because they ignore the fact that underlying factors can be contradictory and hence masked in overall voting figures. For instance, it has been suggested that an extant Bradley Effect was masked by the unusually high turnout amongst African Americans and other Democratic leaning voter groups under the unique circumstances of the 2008 election (i.e. the first serious bid for President by an African-American candidate).

</doc>
<doc id="9643132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643132" title="Peter Blackburn">
Peter Blackburn

Peter Blackburn was a Scottish scholar and prelate. Born in Glasgow, he became a lecturer in Philosophy at the University of Glasgow.
On 2 September 1600, King James VI of Scotland provided him as Bishop of Aberdeen, attaching to the appointment a seat in the Parliament of Scotland - an innovation which was denounced by Charles Ferme. Another part of the controversy was that no new bishop had been appointed since 1585, and Blackburn's provision, along with those of David Lindsay to the bishopric of Ross and George Gledstanes' provision to the bishopric of Caithness, broke this lull.
He died on 14 June 1616, at Aberdeen.

</doc>
<doc id="9643138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643138" title="Lashio Airport">
Lashio Airport

Lashio Airport is an airport in Lashio, Burma. it is near the headquarters of Northeast Military Command. Passengers have to walk from airport building to entrance of airport compound. There is no X ray equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="9643154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643154" title="Loikaw Airport">
Loikaw Airport

Loikaw Airport is an airport in Loikaw, Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="9643162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643162" title="Banka Banka Station">
Banka Banka Station

Banka Banka Station is a location in the Northern Territory of Australia, 100 kilometres north of Tennant Creek along the Stuart Highway. The historic cattle station was the first operational pastoral lease in this region, and a supply camp during World War II, providing meat, eggs, fruits and vegetables. It was occupied and run by the Ward family and is still the site of a mudbrick homestead.
Historical significance.
Ward family.
Philip and Mary Alice Ward bought Banka Banka Station in 1941. Mary supervised the development of an extensive garden at the station. The homestead was a regular stopping place for travellers. In 1945, Philip Ward was among the first to truck cattle by road. After her husband's death in 1959, Mary ran the station. Due to her efforts, a government school for Aborigines openened at Banka Banka in 1961. She was known as "The Missus of Banka Banka." In 1970, suffering ill health, she sold Banka Banka and moved to Adelaide, where she died two years later.
Mudbrick homestead.
The Banka Banka mudbrick homestead is a single story, rectangular building with a pitched roof consisting of a timber roof frame and corrugated metal roof sheeting, mudbrick walls, concrete floors, surrounded by a veranda supported by concrete posts. The building consists of three rooms. The homestead, which was partly reconstructed in 2001, is of architectural interest for its extensive use of mudbrick. It represents an unusual construction material and technique for pastoral homesteads of this era.
Modern Amenities.
Banka Banka Station operates as a campground. There is a scenic walk through native flora to a bush watering hole. A licensed bar is available in the historic mud homestead.

</doc>
<doc id="9643186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643186" title="Magway Airport">
Magway Airport

Magway Airport is an airport in Magway, Burma .

</doc>
<doc id="9643201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643201" title="Samir Brikho">
Samir Brikho

Samir Yacoub Brikho (born 3 May 1958), is Chief Executive of AMEC, one of the UK's largest consultancy, engineering, project management and construction management businesses.
Biography.
Born in Beirut in 1958, Brikho is Lebanese by birth but his family later moved to Sweden where he holds citizenship. Brikho holds a Master of Science degree in Thermal Technology from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, Sweden. He is also a graduate of the Young Managers Programme at INSEAD and the Senior Executive Programme at Stanford University.
Brikho held various senior management positions at Asea and ABB Power Generation between 1983 and 2000, ultimately becoming a Senior Vice President & Global Managing Director, Steam Turbines & Generators, ABB Kraftwerke AG in Germany. In 2000 he moved to Alstom where he was Chief International Operations Officer and Senior Vice-President, and CEO of Alstom Kraftwerke in Germany.
In 2003 he became Chief Executive of ABB Lummus Global and in 2005 he became a member of the Group Executive Committee of ABB Ltd, Head of the Power Systems Division at ABB Group.
He took up his present appointment as Chief Executive of AMEC in October 2006.
Awards and commendations.
On 16 October 2009, Brikho was presented with the Medal of Honour for Industrial Service by South Korean President Myung-bak Lee for his contributions to enhance economic competitiveness in Korea through successful completion of the Incheon Bridge project.
In February 2010, Prime Minister Gordon Brown appointed Brikho as a UK Business Ambassador to support the Government in promoting the UK's excellence internationally. He was again appointed a UK Business Ambassador under David Cameron's coalition government in November 2010.
In July 2013 Mr Brikho was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering.
Other affiliations.
Brikho is a non-executive director of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken. He was chairman of the Offshore Europe 2011 Conference, the largest upstream oil and gas event outside North America. He is a member of the Advisory Board of Stena AB. Mr Brikho is the co-chair of the UK-UAE CEO Forum.
He is a founding member of the "Palestine International Business Forum", a body formed to promote trade and business relations between Israeli and Palestinian private sectors and the International business community. Samir is also a director of the United Kingdom-Japan 21st Century Group, a member of the advisory board of LIFE Lebanon and a member of the advisory board of the School of Oriental and African Studies. Brikho was chair of the UK Energy Excellence Strategy Board, from May 2008 to May 2010, which was tasked by the UK Government with demonstrating the UK's world-leading position in energy. Brikho was also the 2009 Chair of the World Economic Forum's Engineering and Construction Board. Further, Brikho is Chairman and co-founder of the StepChange Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="9643224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643224" title="Engadine Dragons">
Engadine Dragons

The Engadine Dragons Junior Rugby League Football Club is a junior and amateur rugby league football club that was formed in 1958 and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League. The club is based out of Engadine in the Sutherland Shire where its headquarters are located and usually draws on the large majority of its junior players from that suburb and neighbouring suburb, Woronora Heights.
The Engadine Dragons club currently field teams from Under 6 age groups all the way up to A Grade and is one of the most successful modern clubs in the CSDRFL/CSDJRFL producing several international players including Mat Rogers, Mark McGaw and Robbie Kearns.

</doc>
<doc id="9643246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643246" title="...From the Pagan Vastlands">
...From the Pagan Vastlands

...From the Pagan Vastlands is the third demo by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was recorded at the "Warrior Studio" in December 1993 and released in February 1994 by Pagan Records.
A song titled "From the Pagan Vastlands" appeared on their debut album, Sventevith (Storming Near the Baltic). Frontman, Darski was 17 at the time of its recording and release.
Track listing.
All music by Nergal except "Deathcrush"; lyrics of tracks 1, 4, 5 by Nergal; lyrics of tracks 2, 3, 6 by Baal

</doc>
<doc id="9643253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643253" title="Tahereh Saffarzadeh">
Tahereh Saffarzadeh

Tahereh Saffarzadeh (, 1936 in Sirjan, Kerman Province, Iran – October 25, 2008 in Tehran, Iran) was an Iranian poet, writer, translator and prominent university professor.
Biography.
Studies.
She received her BA in English language and literature in 1960. Several years later she left Iran for England and then to the United States. Upon being accepted as a member of International Writing Program, she also enrolled for M. F. A program which is essentially designed so as to enable the writers, the poets, the painters etc., to teach their respective fields of art both in practical workshops and theoretical courses, at university level. For her degree she studied major contemporary world literature with a special focus on practical literary criticism and translation workshops.
Works.
Saffarzadeh has so far published fourteen volumes of poems and she is also the author of ten books on the principles of translation regarding literary, scientific and Qur'anic texts respectively.
In regards to effectiveness of science of translation, Saffarzadeh has presented several theories of which "the Scientific Progression via Translation" has been regarded the most notable one. In the book "Translating the Fundamental Meanings of the Holy Qur'an" (1999) which is a genuine research on the English and Persian Translations of Qur'an, she has succeeded in finding the main flaws and shortcomings; and by depiction of those defects she has introduced a new gate of approach in finding equivalents in the domain of translation of the Qur'an the effect of which has appeared as this remarkable conceptual translation. She's published her bilingual translation of Qur'an in Persian and English 2001, which is the first bilingual translation of Qur'an.
Prominent woman of Islamic world.
She was chosen by "Organization of Afro-Asian Writers" in 2005 and According to Egypt's "Culture and Information Minister" Muhammad Majdi Marjan who heads the Organization:
The letter reads in part, "In a bid to commemorate the leading and elite women of letters we have chosen the internationally renowned Iranian poetess Tahereh Saffarzadeh, with whose long history of struggles the entire Islamic Ummah is familiar, as the leading woman in the Islamic world and at the international scene of 2005."
According to Organization of Afro-Asian Writers:
Tahereh Saffarzadeh the great Iranian committed poetess and writer is an exalted example for the muslim believing women, that all muslims honour her status and due to her political fighting background, and her profound knowledge, this year she was elected to be celebrated by this organization.
References.
http://zamaaneh.com/news/2008/10/post_6780.html
http://atiban.com/article.aspx?id=3164

</doc>
<doc id="9643264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643264" title="CBS Television Distribution">
CBS Television Distribution

CBS Television Distribution (CTD) is an American television distribution company, formed from the merger of CBS Corporation's two domestic television distribution arms CBS Paramount Domestic Television and King World Productions, including its home entertainment arm CBS Home Entertainment. The division, the main distribution arm of CBS Paramount Network Television (now CBS Television Studios) and of the CBS television network, was formed on September 26, 2006 by CBS Corporation and was headed by Roger King, the CEO of King World until his death in 2007.
The company handles distribution rights to acquired series, mini-series, and made-for-TV films from the Paramount Television libraries (such as those of Desilu Productions, Paramount Television, Viacom Productions and Enterprises, Republic Pictures Television, Big Ticket Entertainment, Spelling Television, and Worldvision Enterprises), and series, mini-series, and made-for-TV films from the CBS television libraries (such as those by CBS Productions, King World Productions, the majority of those by Group W Productions, and its own first-run broadcast syndication and off-network television series). CBS also handles the TV rights to much of its own theatrical films. The company formerly distributed the film libraries from Paramount Pictures and Republic Pictures, among others. The company is also responsible for international television distribution rights to series by Rysher Entertainment including certain HBO series through its CBS Studios International division.
This would mark the sixth distribution name for CBS as CBS Television Film Sales was the first (1952–1958), CBS Films, Inc. was the second (1958–1967), CBS Enterprises was the third (1968–1971), Eyemark Entertainment was the fourth (1995–2000), and CBS Paramount Domestic Television was the fifth (2006–2007).
From 2006-2008, CTD distributed the DreamWorks Television and DreamWorks Pictures libraries in conjunction with Tribune Entertainment, after Viacom's acquisition of DreamWorks in February 2006, but before the studio was spun off. These distribution rights are now held by Disney-ABC Domestic Television (for live-action TV series and post-9/2005 live-action films) and Trifecta Entertainment & Media (for earlier live-action films and all animated productions).
Until May 2009, CTD distributed the Paramount Pictures library on television. By then, CBS also dropped the name "Paramount" from television for good, renaming CBS Paramount Television to CBS Television Studios. Paramount has also joined up with Trifecta. However, CTD continues to distribute films currently copyrighted by CBS (or a subdivision thereof), including those films from Cinema Center Films and CBS Theatrical Films, along with a few select entries to which CBS bought ancillary rights in later years, such as "My Fair Lady".
The current moniker for CTD's overseas distribution arm is CBS Studios International (since 2009). Its predecessors were CBS Broadcast International and CBS Paramount International Television.
In 2012, CBS Television Distribution ceased to be a corporate entity, becoming a division of CBS Studios, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9643268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643268" title="Japanese gunboat Atami">
Japanese gunboat Atami


</doc>
<doc id="9643278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643278" title="Hapoel Galil Elyon">
Hapoel Galil Elyon

Hapoel Galil-Elyon () was an Israeli basketball club. The team represented the north-east region of the country – the Upper Galilee, and the Israeli settlements in the Golan Heights. In June 2008 the club was merged with Hapoel Gilboa (who had previously been merged with Hapoel Afula, who regained their independence) to form a new club, Hapoel Gilboa Galil Elyon.
History.
In 1992–93 the club, then coached by Pini Gershon – became the first club based outside Tel Aviv to have won the Israeli Championship, ending Maccabi Tel Aviv's 23-year winning streak. They also won the State Cup twice, in 1988 and 1992.
Between 1990 and the club's merger in 2008, several of the Israel's most successful basketball players have come through the club, including Nadav Henefeld, Oded Kattash, Doron Sheffer, Gur Shelef, Lior Eliyahu and Sharon Sasson, earning the team the nickname ""the Israeli basketball college"".
Roster.
Head Coach:

</doc>
<doc id="9643317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643317" title="Desiree Horton">
Desiree Horton

Desiree Tyler Horton (born May 18, 1971), nicknamed "Chopper Chick," is a helicopter pilot and television personality based in Los Angeles, California. She is one of the few female helicopter pilots/on-camera reporters in Los Angeles television history.
Career.
Horton began to fly at age 19, shortly after graduation from North Hollywood High School in North Hollywood, California, a suburb of Los Angeles. She worked two jobs (at a car dealership and a pharmacy) for two and a half years to pay for her training. She explained, "I could only afford to take lessons once a week or once every other week as I made the money to pay for them." She also washed local pilot/reporter Scott Reiff's helicopter in exchange for flying hours. At one point, Horton was a stuntwoman, riding horses for films.
She earned her pilot's license at 21, and since then has flown traffic watch, tours, frost control, charter, wildland firefighting, police operations, aerial construction, bank runs, medical and organ transport. She has also ferried helicopters across the U. S.
From 2001 to 2005, Horton flew and reported for KABC 7 in Los Angeles. She was with KTLA 5 in Los Angeles from April 2005 to October 2005, flying their helicopter and reporting traffic and breaking news for the "KTLA Morning News".
"Los Angeles" magazine says, "The most memorable and unfortunate event Horton ever covered was in 2002, when five-year-old Samantha Runnion was kidnapped from her home in Stanton and murdered. 'I hate to bring this up, but I was the first one on the scene when they discovered her body in the mountains. The police hadn't covered her up yet, and with my 1,000-millimeter zoom lens I could see everything.'"
"Los Angeles" magazine's claim is debatable since on October 29, 2006, while flying for KNBC 4, Horton had to report the deaths of four of her fellow United States Forest Service firefighters (a fifth would later succumb to his injuries) in the arson-caused Esperanza Fire. The next day, Horton herself would be fighting that fire from the air.
Horton now divides her time among several jobs: In the summer, she fights fires by helicopter for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection and the U. S. Forest Service. Only about twenty women are certified by the USFS to do this. Horton derives great satisfaction from fighting fires because she's saving people's property and maybe even their lives. She says it also provides an additional enjoyment that comes from making full use of a chopper's unique capabilities. She was featured in the August 2007 issue of "Wildland Firefighter" magazine, in an article detailing her flying career.
In the winter, she reports breaking news in the evening and at night for KCBS 2 and KCAL 9 in Los Angeles. She has also flown a helicopter for the city of Corona, California Police Department.
Horton, who is on the board of directors of the Professional Helicopter Pilots Association (PHPA), has over 7,400 hours (August 2008) in rotorcraft and says her dream is to work for the Los Angeles County Fire Department.
She has been featured in articles in "Private Pilot", "Air Beat", "Pilot Magazine", "Pacific Flyer", and the "LA 411" directory. With regard to Horton, "LA 411" said: "A young woman with a breezy nature, youthful looks and bright smile, it's often assumed a movie set that she can't possibly be there to fly an aircraft. In fact, she's been yelled at for simply going near the helicopter."
Horton says, "I've even been told sometimes when they see me walking toward the helicopter, ‘Hey girl get away from the helicopter!'"
The May 1, 2009 edition of the Smithsonian Institution's publication "Air & Space/Smithsonian" identifies Horton as "a specialized breed of aviator has evolved, one adapted to the medium of live television" since the invention of the Telecopter.
She has also appeared as a model in both the Harley-Davidson motorcycle catalog and the Harley-Davidson clothing catalog. Horton and her helicopter have appeared on camera in several films including "American Icarus" (2002), "Showtime" (2002), and "One Six Right" (2005). Horton has also worked on a number of motion pictures where the helicopter served as an aerial camera platform. She is one of just a handful of female SAG/AFTRA chopper pilots.
In 2008, Horton was set to star in her own television series "Sky Racers" on "truTV" (formerly "Court TV"). The show, which never left the development stage, was to put viewers inside the cockpit with Horton covering breaking news in the Los Angeles area. In August 2008, Horton was flying and filming scenes in Maui, Hawaii for another "truTV" show, "Maui Chopper", to debut on December 10, 2008. In March 2010, Horton represented Heli-Barbie in a commercial made for Mattel, Inc.'s Barbie doll. In November 2011, she was studying to get her license as an emergency medical technician (EMT).
As of 2012, Desiree splits her time between flying news in Los Angeles for KCAL/KCBS as a pilot/reporter and working her second season on an exclusive use fire contract as a highly trained rappel pilot in Region 6 in Oregon flying a Bell 205A1++.
Horton has her own company, Horizon Helicopters, Inc., in Studio City, California, for production jobs.
Popularity with viewers.
When KTLA replaced Horton late in 2005, popular media-tracking weblog "Innocent Bystander" said it subsequently received so many "hits" from people searching the Internet for Horton that it had to post an online warning saying it might be forced to shut down for a few days. This had never happened before. Due to KTLA's distribution via satellite as a "superstation," viewers from as far as Canada wrote to complain that Horton was no longer on the "Morning News".
Horton maintains a blog, "The Adventures of Chopper Chick!", so her fans can keep up with her activities and ask her questions. She set up the blog after learning there were so many people asking about her on the Internet. "I didn't realize how many fans I had and how many people cared me until I was gone KTLA," she said.
Personal life.
Horton, who is single, was born and raised in North Hollywood, California. She is very close to her mom. Her KTLA bio stated: "One of the most cherished people in her life is her mother."

</doc>
<doc id="9643323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643323" title="Japanese gunboat Seta">
Japanese gunboat Seta


</doc>
<doc id="9643333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643333" title="Just Drifting">
Just Drifting

Just Drifting is a single by Psychic TV for their album "Force The Hand Of Chance". It was on 7" and 12" vinyl.
The B-side run-out groove reads: BREAKTHROUGH IN THE GREY ROOM.
Personnel.
Some Bizarre Records / Warner *Music performers: Alex Fergusson, Peter Christopherson
7" vinyl notes.
Some Bizzare Label "This is a Zuccarelli Holophonic TM recording made with the assistance of Mike King. This system gives 360 degree sound or Three Dimensional sound. For best effect place speakers opposite each other and sit in the middle, or use headphones. Close your eyes, play quite loud and try and read the pictures. Walk through the rooms of The Temple Ov Psychick Youth."
"If you sit with fear, a star too far, almost lost in this storm of Life. A blazing ghost can become the host, and you breakthrough to the room of dreams."
12" vinyl notes.
"Ov Power - A method to be used by the Individual to break through to their deeper consciousness, where fantasies, ambitions and real wishes reside, the place where all dreams meet."
Track listing.
7" vinyl.
Side A:
Side B:
12" vinyl.
Side A:
Side B:

</doc>
<doc id="9643358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643358" title="Enyo ocypete">
Enyo ocypete

Enyo ocypete is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found from the southern United States, through Central America to Venezuela, Brazil, Peru, Bolivia, Paraguay and northern Argentina.
The wingspan is 60 mm. Adults are on wing year round in the tropics, southern Florida and Louisiana. They are on wing from August to November in the northern part of the range.
The larvae probably feed on "Vitus tiliifolia" and other Vitaceae and Dilleniaceae species, such as "Vitis", "Cissus rhombifolia" and "Ampelopsis", "Tetracera volubilis", "Curatella americana", "Tetracera hydrophila" and "Doliocarpus multiflorus". "Ludwigia" of the Onagraceae family might also be a host plant. 

</doc>
<doc id="9643369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643369" title="Japanese gunboat Toba">
Japanese gunboat Toba


</doc>
<doc id="9643442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643442" title="Japanese gunboat Hira">
Japanese gunboat Hira

On 13 December 1937, "Hira" and other IJN ships engaged Chinese positions at Xiaguan, China and attacked Chinese boats and rafts on the Yangtze River. On 17 August 1944 "Hira" was damaged by US 14th Air Force aircraft at Kiukiang, China. On 26 November 1944 "Hira" and the gunboat "Hozu" ran aground near Anking, China. Chinese aircraft subsequently bombed and sunk "Hozu" and severely damaged "Hira". "Hira" was scrapped in July 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9643483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643483" title="Mawlamyaing Airport">
Mawlamyaing Airport

Mawlamyaing Airport is an airport in Mawlamyaing, Burma .
External links.
Mawlamyine Airport

</doc>
<doc id="9643503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643503" title="Tom Peloso">
Tom Peloso

Tom Peloso, the son of Peter and Maureen Peloso, is an American musician. He is a current active member of the indie rock band Modest Mouse. Peloso plays on the Modest Mouse album "Good News for People Who Love Bad News" and plays various supporting roles on the album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank", released in March 2007. Peloso has appeared with the band live on many occasions, including an episode of Saturday Night Live in 2005. Before joining Modest Mouse, Peloso was a founding member of the Charlottesville based Bluegrass group The Hackensaw Boys, playing upright bass and fiddle. Two of his songs, "Hobo" and "Sweet Petunia", appear on their album "Look Out!" On Mar 1, 2009 Tom Peloso released a digital EP "selections from: The Last Saturday of the Year" containing 4 new tracks recorded in fall 2008 at Monkeyclaus studio.

</doc>
<doc id="9643504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643504" title="Japanese minelayer Yaeyama">
Japanese minelayer Yaeyama

Building.
The Imperial Japanese Navy budget for Fiscal 1927 include a small minelayer for coastal and river service to complement its larger minelayers, the former cruisers , and . "Yaeyama" was launched by the Kure Naval Arsenal in Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan on October 15, 1931, and was commissioned into service on August 31, 1932.
Operational history.
On completion, "Yaeyama" was assigned to the Sasebo Naval District. In August 1937, following the Marco Polo Bridge Incident and the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War, "Yaeyama" was assigned as flagship for Admiral Umataro Tanimoto’s 11th Gunboat Division, at Shanghai and was responsible for patrols on the Yangzi River. "Yaeyama" covered the landing of Japanese Special Naval Landing Forces (SNLF) reinforcements in the Battle of Shanghai, and participated in the evacuation of 20,000 Japanese civilians and non-combatants from the city back to Japan. She was then placed on the reserve list on December 1, 1937.
"Yaeyama" was reactivated on May 25, 1938 and assisted in covering the landings of more Japanese troops in Tianjin and along the Yangzi River in July. She was then assigned to Amoy from September 26, 1939 until her transfer to Palau on December 1, 1941.
At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, "Yaeyama" was assigned to “Operation M” (the invasion of the southern Philippines) deploying from Palau to mine the Surigao Strait. On January 3, 1942, she became flagship for Admiral Rokuzo Sugiyama’s Third Southern Expeditionary Fleet and covered landings at Subic Bay, and was based at Manila from July 1942 under the overall command of the Southwest Area Fleet.
"Yaeyama" was refit as an anti-submarine convoy escort ship in December 1943, with all minelaying rails removed and replaced by 36 depth charges, and was reassigned to the First Southern Expeditionary Fleet. She escorted a convoy of transports from Manila to Singapore in January 1944, and a convoy from Manila to Halmahera Island in May 1944.
On the early morning of September 24, 1944 "Yaeyama" was sunk by air attack by 96 Grumman F6F Hellcat and 24 Curtiss SB2C Helldiver aircraft from the carriers and and the light carrier while anchored in Coron Bay, Busuanga Island, off Palawan Island in the Philippines. . Most of the crew survived, including her commanding officer, Captain Michizo Tsutsumi.
"Yaeyama" was removed from the navy list on November 10, 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9643531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643531" title="1900 Republican National Convention">
1900 Republican National Convention

The 1900 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States was held June 19 to June 21 in the Exposition Auditorium, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Exposition Auditorium was located south of the University of Pennsylvania, and the later Convention Hall was constructed along the building's east wall. It was demolished in 2006. 
Each state was allotted two delegates per electoral vote, and territories were granted from two to six delegates. Altogether, there were 926 delegates and an equal number of alternates. 
Mark Hanna opened the convention. He proposed that Senator Edward O. Wolcott of Colorado serve as temporary chairman. The purpose of Wolcott's selection was to show that the party had overcome its divisiveness of 1896, in which the Colorado delegation walked out of the Republican convention. Senator Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts served as the convention's permanent chairman. 
President William McKinley was unanimously nominated for reelection. No candidate ran against him, although Admiral George Dewey considered a run. Governor Theodore Roosevelt of New York, who was himself a delegate, was nominated for Vice President by a vote of 925 to 1 abstention, with his vote alone abstaining.
State Delegates.
<categorytree mode="all" hideroot="on">State Delegates to the 1900 Republican National Convention</categorytree>
The 1900 Republican National Convention included a historic first for the Republican Party: Mrs. William Henry Jones of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Mrs. J. B. West of Lewiston, Idaho served as alternate delegates.
Speakers.
The 1900 convention had fewer speakers than a modern convention typically has due to lack of TV and even radio at this time. There were however the following speakers:
June 21.
Another major difference was that there were not as many people who spoke at a convention when they were the nominee back then, instead having nominating speeches given by others, for instance, neither Roosevelt nor Fairbanks spoke. In 1900, in a non-typical speech, Theodore Roosevelt spoke, although this was only in order to nominate William McKinley. These are some of the things that varied between them but they followed similar general rules.
Platform.
The Republican party supported the current administration's actions in the Philippines, while the Democratic party promoted "anti-imperialism".

</doc>
<doc id="9643594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643594" title="List of Shakugan no Shana light novels">
List of Shakugan no Shana light novels

"Shakugan no Shana" is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with accompanying illustrations drawn by Noizi Ito. The series follows Yuji Sakai, an ordinary Japanese high school boy who inadvertently becomes involved in a perpetual war between forces of balance and imbalance in existence. In the process, he befriends the title character: a fighter for the balancing force, whom he takes to calling "Shana". The series covers 26 novels published between November 9, 2002 and November 10, 2012 under ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint. Viz Media once published the first two volumes in English, although the rights to the series have been dropped, thus leaving them out of print.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9643604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643604" title="Monghsat Airport">
Monghsat Airport

Monghsat Airport is an airport in Monghsat, Burma .

</doc>
<doc id="9643623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643623" title="List of mammals of New England">
List of mammals of New England

There are 7 orders, 17 families, 40 genera, and 60 species represented among the Mammals of New England. If extirpated, coastal, introduced, and accidental species are included these numbers increase to 8 orders, 26 families, 67 genera, and 105 species. The region includes the U.S. states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island.
The makeup and distribution of the mammals in New England are largely the result of the Last Glacial Maximum when the Laurentide ice sheet covered virtually the entire region. Recolonization of the area appears to have occurred from one or a few southern glacial refugia. This is in contrast to the multiple glacial refugia present throughout the American West (Stone and Cook, 2000). As a consequence of both the recent uninhabitability and the few sources of recolonization, species diversity for some taxa in parts of New England are lower than in similar areas in other parts of North America. Chipmunks and ground squirrels are exemplars of this situation. New England has one species of each, but numerous locations west of the Rocky Mountains host several species (Hall, 1981).
Habitat varies throughout the region. Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont, in the north of the region, have a humid continental short summer climate, with cooler summers and long, cold winters. Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, in the south, have a humid continental long summer climate, with hot summers and cold winters. The average rainfall for most of the region is from 1,000 to 1,500 mm (40 to 60 in) a year, although the northern parts of Vermont and Maine see slightly less, from 500 to 1,000 mm (20 to 40 in). Snowfall can often exceed 2,500 mm (100 in) annually (New England Climate Initiative, 2006). Most mammals in this region exhibit specializations for dealing with the sometimes harsh winter conditions.
A comprehensive listing of all species found in the region follows.

</doc>
<doc id="9643624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643624" title="Belkin (surname)">
Belkin (surname)

Belkin (), or Belkina (feminine; Белкина), Hebrew:
בלקין is a common Russian and Jewish surname, which is derived from the Russian word "belka" meaning squirrel (in case of the Russian surname) and the Jewish given name Beylke (in case of the Jewish surname). It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9643675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643675" title="Myeik Airport">
Myeik Airport

Myeik Airport is an airport in Myeik, Burma .

</doc>
<doc id="9643676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643676" title="Phyllis Munday">
Phyllis Munday

Phyllis B Munday, CM (née James) (1894 – 1990) was a Canadian mountaineer, explorer, naturalist and humanitarian, famed for being the first woman to reach the summit of Mount Robson (with Annette Buck) in 1924, and with her husband Don for discovering Mount Waddington, and exploring the area around it via the Franklin River and the Homathko River. Awarded the Order of Canada in 1972 for her work with the Girl Guides of Canada and St. John's Ambulance as well as for her mountaineering career.
Mount Munday is named after Don and Phyllis Munday, and Baby Munday Peak is named for their daughter Edith
Early life.
Phyllis was born in Sri Lanka, moved to the British Columbia interior in 1901, and then to Vancouver in 1907.
In 1912 she climbed Grouse Mountain with her Girl Guide company.
In 1915, at 21, Phyllis joined the British Columbia Mountaineering Club and began going on club trips to such places as Mount Seymour, The Lions, Mount Tantalus and Mount Garibaldi.
Meeting Don.
Phyllis met her future husband in 1918. While on a mountaineering trip an incident occurred which, in Don's words, "lends itself readily to being given a romantic aspect." Don lost his footing on a glacial moraine, and was in danger of slipping into a crevasse. Phyllis jumped to help him restore his balance, and in so doing lost hers. Don managed to grab and steady her until she could regain her feet.
They married in February 1920, spending their honeymoon in a cabin on Dam Mountain near Vancouver. Their daughter, Edith was born in 1921, and at 11 weeks she was carried to the top of Crown Mountain.
From 1923 to 1926 the Mundays lived in a tent, and then a cabin on Grouse Mountain where Don worked cutting a trail from Lonsdale Avenue in North Vancouver, British Columbia to the summit, while Phyllis ran the Alpine Lodge, serving hot drinks and meals to hikers.
Exploration of the Waddington Range.
In 1925, while on a trip to Mount Arrowsmith, Vancouver Island, Don and Phyllis Munday spotted what they believed to be a peak taller than Mount Robson, the then accepted tallest peak entirely within British Columbia. In the words of Don Munday
"The compass showed the alluring peak stood along a line passing a little east of Bute Inlet and perhaps 150 miles away, where blank spaces on the map left ample room for many nameless mountains." While there is some debate as to whether the peak they saw was indeed Mount Waddington (in fact, Don Munday himself observed that the feat is impossible), they almost certainly saw a peak in the Waddington Range, and this led the Mundays to explore that area, and discover the mountain in fact.
Over the next decade, the Munday's mounted several expeditions into the area in an attempt to climb it. Known to them as "The Mystery Mountain", in 1927 the height was measured at 13,260 feet (by triangulation), and the Canadian Geographic Board gave it the name Mount Waddington after Alfred Waddington who was a proponent of a railway through the Homathko River valley. They reached the lower summit in 1928, deeming the main summit too risky.

</doc>
<doc id="9643702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643702" title="Myitkyina Airport">
Myitkyina Airport

Myitkyina Airport is an airport in Myitkyina, Burma .
History.
Built before World War II as Myitkyina Airfield, the airfield was captured by the Imperial Japanese Army on 8 May 1942 during the Japanese conquest of Burma. During the occupation, it was used by the Japanese Air Force as a fighter base, attacking Allied aircraft flying "the Hump" transport supply missions between India and China.
The airfield was attacked on numerous missions by Tenth Air Force and Royal Air Force fighter and bombers until it was captured by Merrill's Marauders (officially named the 6th Ranger Battalion-5307th Composite Unit (provisional)) on 17 May 1944, but fighting continued in Myitkyina town until August 1944.
Once in Allied hands, the 3d Combat Cargo Group moved in with C-47 Skytrains and used Myitkyina as a combat resupply airfield, air-dropping pallets of supplies and ammunition to the advancing Allied forces on the ground. In January 1945, the 80th Fighter Group flew P-47 Thunderbolts from the field until 24 May 1945. The 1st Combat Cargo Group then moved in with C-47s and remained until August when elements of the 4th Combat Cargo Group replaced them. The 4th CCG operated supply and passenger flights between the airfield and China until December 1945 when American forces pulled out of the area at the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="9643717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643717" title="Kapolei High School">
Kapolei High School

Kapolei High School, located in Kapolei community in the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii, United States, on the Island of Oahu, is a public high school. It is a part of the Hawaii Department of Education.
On July 24, 2000 Kapolei opened with first year students. In the 2006-2007 school year, Kapolei High School had over 2,300 students in grades 9-12. Its mascot is the Hurricanes, and the school colors are teal, black and silver. The school's football field has been used as the practice field for the Pro Bowl.
Publication.
On April 29, 2011, the first issue of the Kapolei Chronicle was released in a 4-page format.

</doc>
<doc id="9643731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643731" title="1991 430 km of Suzuka">
1991 430 km of Suzuka

The 1991 430 km of Suzuka was the opening round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Suzuka Circuit, Japan. It took place on April 14, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - #16 Repsol Brun Motorsport was disqualified for using more than its allowed usage of fuel.

</doc>
<doc id="9643750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643750" title="F.B. McFarren">
F.B. McFarren

Frederick Bruce McFarren (born October 25, 1889, date of death unknown) was born in Toronto. His father was in the wholesale flour and grain business, purchasing the output of several mills and selling under his own brand name.
Biography.
One of the best known figures in Canada's clay brick industry, McFarren began his career on May 23, 1904 in Corticelli's silk firm tying up parcels. Staying with Corticelli's for 3 years he then went on the road for Mussen's construction equipment. Then in 1912 became a purchasing agent for McKenzie, Mann and Company working on the Mount Royal tunnel in Montreal.
In 1914 McFarren was approached by a syndicate that had the idea of starting a brick company. He then began to build the old Interprovincial Brick Company in Cheltenham on March 1, 1914. Five months later the first brick came out of the kiln, a record in those days.
McFarren operated the Interprovincial Brick Company for 14 years, commencing in 1914, with the exception of part of 1915 and all of 1916 which was spent in the Canadian military service as a junior officer with the 3rd. Battalion, C.E.F., at Ypres, and the 1st. Canadian Trench Mortar Battery on the Somme. He was invalided home from the military after Christmas of 1916, and while in and out of hospital, resumed management of the company.
In 1928, control of his brick company was acquired by Cooksville Brick. Later in 1954 it came into the hands of E.P. Taylor interests and then became part of the Domtar chain, but McFarren remained in management until at least 1955, when he oversaw the conversion of his plant from coal fuel to natural gas. .
In April 1929 McFarren purchased the Streetsville brick plant, renaming to McFarren Brick, just prior to the Great Depression. With times difficult and a drop in demand for bricks of about 90% by 1932. McFarren constructed an entirely new plant. At the time was modern and efficient and kept up to date. It replaced to a large extent human muscle with automatic machinery.
F. B. McFarren Memorial Park in Streetsville is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9643752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643752" title="Poets House">
Poets House

Poets House is a national literary center and poetry library based in New York City. With more than 60,000 volumes of poetry, the library is the premier independent poetry library in the United States. It is free and open to the public. 
Founded in 1985 by the late Stanley Kunitz, two-time poet laureate of the United States, and arts administrator Elizabeth Kray, Poets House contains virtually all poetry books published in the U.S. since 1990, plus many that are long out of print dating to the early 20th Century. It also contains literary journals and chapbooks (small, self-published books of poetry), and many audiotapes, videotapes, CDs, and DVDs of poetry readings from the mid-twentieth century through today. Visitors to Poets House can hear the voices of Walt Whitman, E. E. Cummings, William Carlos Williams, Sylvia Plath and hundreds of other poets. 
Every year, Poets House hosts the Poets House Showcase, which gathers and displays every book of poetry published in the United States in the preceding year. Poets House also curates and presents hundreds of readings, lectures, panels, symposiums and performances each year. 
In 1996, the literary newspaper "Poetry Flash" called Poets House "The House That Holds A Country," a reference to its dedication to being a caretaker of the nation's poetic heritage. 
In 2005, it was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation, which was made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In 2009, Poets House moved from its longstanding location in SoHo to an eco-friendly "green" building at Ten River Terrace in Lower Manhattan's Battery Park City. With a long-term lease (until 2069) awarded by the Battery Park City Authority, Poets House has a permanent home for its collection. 
This new home for Poets House, with interiors designed by architect Louise Braverman, is on two floors covering with a large children's room, an exhibition space, a reading room and library, and a program hall that opens onto an extension of Teardrop Park. With views of the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty, the new Poets House is bordered by Nelson A Rockefeller Park and is in walking distance of numerous subway and bus lines as well as the Port Authority Ferry Terminal at the World Financial Center. A public grand opening of the new facility took place on September 25 and 26 of 2009. 
"For nearly 25 years Poets House has been an anchor for poets and poetry lovers," noted Robin Pogrebin in the "New York Times".
Poets House is free and open to the public. Library hours are Tuesday-Friday, 11am to 7pm, and Saturdays, 11am to 6pm. The Children's Room is open 11am to 3pm.

</doc>
<doc id="9643757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643757" title="Aquinas Holy Family Colts">
Aquinas Holy Family Colts

The Aquinas Holy Family Colts Football Club is a junior and amateur rugby league football club that was formed in 1992 and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League; the club was formed in conjunction with both the Holy Family junior school and Aquinas College after they entered teams in the Cronulla Sutherland Schoolboys Knockout Competition. The club is based out of Illawong where its headquarters are located.
The Aquinas Holy Family Colts club currently field teams from Under 6 age groups all the way up to under A Reserves and draws the vast majority of its players from both the Aquinas College and Holy Family schools as well as the surrounding areas such as Illawong, Bangor and Menai often having to compete with local rivals the Menai Roosters.

</doc>
<doc id="9643760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643760" title="Solar Ray">
Solar Ray

SOLAR RAY Hirasawa best recycling album Recycled by P-MODEL kernel is a 2001 remix album by Susumu Hirasawa.
The recycling concept is present in the album in various ways. It reuses old Susumu Hirasawa songs from previous albums, remixes them in the reutilised energetic Technopop feel (or kernel) of P-MODEL (specifically, the "Defrosted" lineup that made "P-MODEL" & "big body") mixed with Hirasawa's Symphonic Electronica style. The album is part of the "Hirasawa Energy Works" project, where Hirasawa would produce music using renewable energy sources; the recording studio was powered by solar power, a renewable energy source and the title can refer to either the method Hirasawa used to power his studio or it reutilises the name of a song from Hirasawa's debut, whose remix opens this album. The solar power was gathered with fans and production started July 2, 2001. In August 15, Hirasawa released free MP3 samples of the "Solar Ray" and "Philosopher's Propeller-1" remixes; in September 15, he released more samples, this time from the "Aurora", "Gemini" and "Virtual Rabbit" remixes. The cover art is designed to be featureless when seen under the naked eye, but would show detail when held to sunlight. In November 11, Hirasawa performed the "Hirasawa Energy Works - Solar Live LIVE SOLAR RAY" show at the Tsukuba Science City Garden; it was an open air concert and Hirasawa's equipment was powered by natural energy; the show was released as "LIVE SOLAR RAY" in September 24, 2002 on DVD and in VHS on November 10.
Surplus Power.
During the production of the "Hirasawa Energy Works" project, a surge of surplus power happened; during this surge, Hirasawa recorded: "D", an instrumental version of "Electric Light Bathing" from the "SIREN" album ("D" is short for "Denkōyoku", the romaji spelling of the song's title); "Audio File to Honor the Hunter", an alternate mix of the "Solar Ray" remix, with a speech in place of the standard mix's vocals and "LOOP The Sound Track β1", a composition originally intended to be included in the "Sim City" album that was left unfinished by Hirasawa; it was lated re-utilised as the soundtrack for the short film "loop", conceived as a looping presentation, this short was intended to be viewed in passing in a large, open public space; it contains time lapse and real time footage supporting alternative energy concepts; the graphics are the animated extension of a cover design for Hemispheres that was inspired by the "Hirasawa Energy Works" project. The short was made by twenty2product, a motion graphics and interactive design company that had previously worked with Hirasawa on the short film "densha"; they later collaborated when Hirasawa did: The soundtracks to twenty2's intro sequence for the International Designers Network's second iteration of the "IdN My Favorite Conference" conference and twenty2's trade show loop featuring Adobe Expert Support; twenty2product also did motion graphics work for Hirasawa's "Interactive Live Show 2003 LIMBO-54" and "INTERACTIVE LIVE SHOW 2006 「LIVE Byakkoya」" tours.
Live Solar Ray.
Hirasawa Energy Works_Solar Live - LIVE SOLAR RAY is a recording of the first "Hirasawa Energy Works_Solar Live - LIVE SOLAR RAY" show, performing in the rain, Hirasawa used only instruments powered by alternative power sources, such as the "Graviton", a large Sampler powered by kinetic energy through Hirasawa spinning a wheel attached to it. Besides playing songs from the "SOLAR RAY" album, Hirasawa also performed songs from his solo albums, although they were in the original styles instead of the P-MODEL style.
Track listing.
In the second and last show of the "Hirasawa Energy Works_Solar Live - LIVE SOLAR RAY" tour, Hirasawa also performed "FGG" (from "The Ghost in Science"), "Nurse Cafe" (from "SIREN"), , (from "TECHNIQUE OF RELIEF"), , (from "Philosopher's Propeller") and .

</doc>
<doc id="9643777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643777" title="IMDS">
IMDS

IMDS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9643781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643781" title="Pakokku Airport">
Pakokku Airport

Pakokku Airport is an airport in Pakokku, Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="9643797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643797" title="Putao Airport">
Putao Airport

Putao Airport is an airport in Putao, Burma. The airport was originally part of Fort Hertz, which served as an isolated British outpost during the Burma Campaign in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9643812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643812" title="Carol Whitaker">
Carol Whitaker

Carol Whitaker (born June 30, 1982 in Saint John, New Brunswick as Carol Webb) is a Canadian curler. She currently plays third position for Sandy Comeau.
Webb played in three straight Canadian Junior Curling Championships from 2001 to 2003, all for different provinces. In 2001 she played third for Sylvie Robichaud on Team New Brunswick She was then asked to be the fifth on the Prince Edward Island team that went on to win the World Juniors. In 2002, she played second for Suzanne Gaudet on Team Prince Edward Island. This team won the Junior championship that year and followed it up with a bronze medal at the World Junior Curling Championships. In 2003 she played third for Jennifer Guzzwell on Team Newfoundland and Labrador.
After juniors, Whitaker played in New Brunswick with Kathy Floyd and then with Sandy Comeau. In 2006, she was reunited with the Suzanne Gaudet team in Prince Edward Island. This team, which was the same as the National junior championship winning team in 2002 won the Prince Edward Island provincial championship in 2007 winning them the right to represent the province at the 2007 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. 2007 would mark Whitaker's first Hearts.
After Whitaker's second trip to the Scotties in two years and posting an impressive 83% she is returning to New Brunswick. Despite the excellent showing at the Scotties her team went a lackluster 3-8. 
In 2008, Whitaker left the Gaudet team, and PEI to curl second for Rebecca Atkinson in New Brunswick. She joined up with Comeau once again in 2011. 
Carol married Patrick Whitaker in October 2009 to become Carol Whitaker.

</doc>
<doc id="9643876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643876" title="Sittwe Airport">
Sittwe Airport

Sittwe Airport is an airport in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Burma. 
It started as a military used arifield in World War II. It was handed over to Department of Civil Aviation by International Aero Limited Company on 24 July 1947. It was upgraded to 6,000 feet long and 140 feet wide gravel mixed asphalt runway in 1960. The airport building was extended to 220 feet by 60 feet from 120 feet by 60 feet and it was opened on 22 March 2002. 4 feet thick asphalt concrete layer was placed on the 6000x150 feet runway, the 525x75 feet taxiway and the 600x300 feet apron and opened on 20 May 2009 for use of F-28 jets. It is equipped with HF, VHF, NDB, Night Landing Facilities such as airfield lighting, approach light and remote control air ground machines. It admits over 90,000 passengers in 2010-11 and it is expected to accommodate 150,000 passengers for arrival and departure yearly.

</doc>
<doc id="9643913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643913" title="Tachilek Airport">
Tachilek Airport

Tachilek Airport or Tachileik Airport is an airport serving Tachilek (Tachileik), a town in the Shan State of eastern Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="9643934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643934" title="Thandwe Airport">
Thandwe Airport

Thandwe Airport is an airport serving Thandwe, a town in the Rakhine State of Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="9643956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643956" title="Tijuana Beer">
Tijuana Beer

Tijuana Beer (Cerveza Tijuana) also known as TJ Beer, is located in the city of Tijuana, and is one of the handful of Mexican microbrewies. Founded in 2000, the master brewer is a third generation master brewer from the Czech Republic who produces all lagers.
Accolades.
Cerveza Tijuana's beers were given the "thumbs up" by both Michael Jackson and Charlie Papazian, two world renowned beer critics. Cerveza Tijuana is also mentioned in Papazian's most recent book.

</doc>
<doc id="9643962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643962" title="Stock demands">
Stock demands

Stock demands - the demand a customer has for a certain product or products. The demand is influenced by price, availability and position of the product in relation to the consumer.

</doc>
<doc id="9643963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9643963" title="Dakota (cigarette)">
Dakota (cigarette)

Dakota was a brand of cigarettes introduced by R.J. Reynolds Tobacco (RJR) in 1990. Their marketing was targeted towards young blue-collar "virile females", in an attempt to displace the Marlboro brand without diluting Reynolds' dominant Camel brand's appeal to males.
After test-marketing in Houston, Tucson, Phoenix, and Nashville didn't yield the desired results,
the brand was withdrawn.
Prior to the marketing campaign, its details were leaked to the Washington Post. In spite of the manufacturer's denial to have specifically targeted young females, this revelation sparked widespread discussion of targeted advertising in general in the media.

</doc>
<doc id="9644000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644000" title="Stock mix">
Stock mix

Stock mix - is the combination of products a company sells or manufactures. The stock mix is determined by the demand for certain products and the profitability of those products.

</doc>
<doc id="9644044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644044" title="Giulio Gaudini">
Giulio Gaudini

Giulio Gaudini (28 September 1904 – 6 January 1948) was an Italian foil and sabre fencer. He competed at the 1924, 1928, 1932 and 1936 Olympics and won three gold, four silver, and two bronze medals. He was the flag bearer for Italy at the 1936 Games. At the world championships, he earned 17 medals between 1929 and 1938. He died of cancer, aged 43.

</doc>
<doc id="9644046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644046" title="Gymea Gorillas">
Gymea Gorillas

The Gymea Gorillas Junior Rugby League Football Club is a junior and senior amateur rugby league football club that is based in the Sydney suburb of Gymea and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League. The club is based out of Gymea where its headquarters are located and usually draws on the large majority of its junior players from that suburb and the surrounding areas of Kirrawee, Sutherland, Grays Point, Sylvania and Kareela.
The Gymea Gorillas club currently fields teams from Under 6 age groups all the way up to A Grade and has produced several international players including former Australian captain Greg Pierce. Currently Gymea Gorillas club fields 35 teams, equalling with De La Salle JRLFC for the most teams within the CSDRFL Area.
At the end of 2006 Gymea Gorillas JRLFC was awarded with both the junior and senior club of the year within the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League. As the 2006 season proved to be very successful for Gymea Gorillas JRLFC in the senior grades; attaining both the Under 16's and Under 21's Premierships.
The 2007 season saw further success for the club with it taking out the A Grade premiership over Como Jannali
2012 sees the club enter its 50th year,a record of 39 teams represent the club this season from ages 6 thru to A grade.
Up The G

</doc>
<doc id="9644048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644048" title="Noah Bells">
Noah Bells

"Noah Bells" is the common name given to a distinct type of bell hand-manufactured in India by ancient and inherited traditions. Some monasteries in India are credited with manufacturing Noah Bells for hundreds of years. The profits from the selling of authentic Noah Bells are used to finance the activities of the particular monastery which fashioned them.
These bells are popular among collectors because of their intricate resonances and also because of the mystique that surrounds them. One tale proclaims that these bells are divinely imbued with the power to ward off demons.
Maharani Imports was the first company to import these bells about 40 years ago. The founders, Bonny Karstadt and Ratilal Shah named them after their son Noah Shah. It has become the common name to describe these particularly shaped handmade copper shepard bells. They are often used in gardens for decoration in America.

</doc>
<doc id="9644050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644050" title="Crash Landing (Jimi Hendrix album)">
Crash Landing (Jimi Hendrix album)

Crash Landing is a posthumous compilation album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix. It was released in March and August 1975 in the United States and the United Kingdom respectively. It was was the first Hendrix album to be produced by Alan Douglas.
Background.
Before Hendrix died in 1970, he was in the final stages of preparing what he intended to be a double studio LP, tentatively titled "First Ray of the New Rising Sun". Most of the tracks intended for this LP were spread out over three posthumous single LP releases: "The Cry of Love" (1971), "Rainbow Bridge" (1971), and "War Heroes" (1972). In the case of the last two of these LP's, a demo track, a live track, and unreleased studio tracks were used to fill out the releases. In late 1973, his International label prepared to issue an LP titled "Loose Ends" which contained eight tracks, six of which were generally regarded as incomplete or substandard (the only two "finished" tracks on this release were "The Stars That Play with Laughing Sam's Dice", a heavily re-mixed stereo version of the B-side which had been released in the original mono mix on the 1968 European and Japanese versions of the "Smash Hits", and a cover of Bob Dylan's "The Drifter's Escape", both of which would ultimately be re-released on the "South Saturn Delta" CD in 1997). "Loose Ends" was not released in the USA by Reprise because they considered the quality of the tracks to be subpar.
Hendrix had amassed a lot of time in the studio in 1969 and 1970, resulting in a substantial amount of songs, some close to completion, that were available for potential release. After the death of Hendrix' manager in 1973, Alan Douglas was hired to evaluate hundreds of hours of remaining material that was not used on earlier posthumous albums. "Peace In Mississippi," "Somewhere," and "Stone Free" were recorded with the original Jimi Hendrix Experience line up, the rest material used on "Crash Landing" consisted of recordings Hendrix originally made with Billy Cox on bass and either Mitch Mitchell or Buddy Miles on drums and on one occasion by Rocky Isaacs.
Controversy.
"Crash Landing" was the first release produced by Douglas, and immediately caused controversy. The liner notes of the album indicated that Douglas used several session musicians, none of whom had ever even met Hendrix, to re-record or overdub guitar, bass, drums, and percussion on the album, erasing the contributions of the original musicians and changing the feel of the songs (Hendrix' vocals and guitar contributions were retained). This was evidently done to give a finish to songs that were works in progress or may have been recorded as demos. Douglas also added female backing vocals to the title track. The album peaked at #5 in the U.S. and #35 in the UK, the highest chart positions since "The Cry of Love".
Track listing.
"Captain Coconut is actually a composite of three separate pieces of music that had nothing to do with each other. Engineer John Jansen was going through the Hendrix catalogue to find music to be used in the film "Rainbow Bridge". He merged these three pieces of music together, and it was put into the vaults, until Alan Douglas came upon it in 1975 and named it "Captain Coconut" for use on this release. It is not called "MLK", those were just three stray markings on the original tape box".
Other appearances of songs.
Three versions of songs on "Crash Landing" had appeared on previous Hendrix albums. "Message to Love" and "With the Power" were on the original "Band of Gypsys" album recorded at the Fillmore East (the latter was listed under the title "Power to Love"), released in 1970. "Come Down Hard On Me" originally appeared on "Loose Ends" in 1974, and the version on "Crash Landing" is a wiped, overdubbed, edited version.
The original recording of "Message to Love" that was used as the basis for the "Crash Landing" version can be found on the ' box set. "Somewhere" without the Douglas era-overdubs can be found on the "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" box set from 2000. The title track, "Crash Landing" was released in 2013 on the album "People, Hell and Angels" with the original players from 1969 reinstated. "Come Down Hard On Me" can be found with the original musicians reinstated on "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" box set. "Peace in Mississippi" was released on the compilation "Voodoo Soup" in 1995, in a longer version. However the complete original version was not released until being featured as the b-side to the "Valleys Of Neptune" single in 2010. It was also later issued on the 2013 reissue of "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" box set. The original, longer studio version of "With the Power", entitled "Power of Soul", is found on the b-side of the "Somewhere" single from 2013. "Stone Free Again" appears under the title "Stone Free" with all original musicians restored on the "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" box set from 2000. Finally, the "New Rising Sun" segment of "Captain Coconut" is available in an edited form on "Voodoo Soup", and in its full length form on the ' box set, whereas the full length "MLK" segment can be heard in full on the "Ezy Rider/MLK Jam" found on the "Burning Desire" compilation.
Musicians.
Added in 1975:

</doc>
<doc id="9644064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644064" title="Robert Salmon">
Robert Salmon

Robert Salmon (1775–) was a maritime artist, active in both England and America. Salmon completed nearly 1,000 paintings, all save one of maritime scenes or seascapes. He is widely considered the Father of American Luminism.
Early life in England.
Salmon was born in Whitehaven, Cumberland, England in October or November, 1775 as Robert Salomon; he was christened on 5 November 1775 in Whitehaven. His father, Francis Salomon, was a jeweler. The young Salmon clearly studied the work of Dutch marine painters of the 17th century, the Italian painters of "vedute", and the work of Claude Lorrain, but little else is known of his early training. His earliest known works, "Two Armed Merchantmen Leaving Whitehaven Harbor" and "The ‘Estridge’ Off Dover" are dated 1800; the first work he exhibited at the Royal Academy was in 1802.
Salmon settled in the busy seaport of Liverpool in 1806 and changed his name from Salomon to Salmon. Many of his marine paintings from this early period survive, and are housed in the National Maritime Museum in London. His ship portraits indicate he had a familiarity with sailing ships and an intimate knowledge of how they worked. These portraits tend to follow his traditional practice of showing the same vessel in at least two positions on the same canvas. In April, 1811 he moved from the Liverpool area to Greenock, Scotland and then back to Liverpool in October 1822. In 1826 he returned to Greenock, then he left for London in 1827, and shortly thereafter he went to Southhampton, North Shields and Liverpool.
Along with many other young artists, Salmon believed that his artistic future lay in the United States. Before his departure in 1828, the artist executed his only extant portrait, "Portrait of the Corsair, John Paul Jones", a work very much a part of the Romantic ethos of his time. He assumed his "likeness" of Paul Jones would form a bond with the viewers in his future home. He could not know, having never been to America, that the memory of America's greatest naval hero had effectively vanished in the public mind before the painting was completed.
Emigration to America and life in Boston.
In 1828, Salmon left Europe for the United States on the packet ship, "New York", arriving on New Years Day, 1829 and staying until 1840. Living in a small hut on Marine Railway Wharf overlooking Boston Harbor, Salmon prospered as a marine painter, accepting commissions to paint ship portraits. During the growth of Boston Harbor in the first half of the century, Salmon painted between 300-400 paintings of the Harbor, in the style of 17th century Dutch genre painting. He was thought to be an eccentric, solitary and irascible man.
Salmon soon became one of the most prominent Boston seascape painters. During the ensuing years, he divided his time between painting and working in the lithographic studio of William S. Pendleton, where he encountered William Bradford and Fitz Hugh Lane. This contact between Lane and Salmon was of great importance to Lane, and became evident in his marine views. 
During his lifetime, Salmon's work was very popular, and was collected by Bostonians Samuel Cabot, Robert Bennett Forbes, and John Newmarch Cushing.
Later years.
Salmon left Boston in 1842 and for many years was believed to have died shortly after his leaving there. Instead, he returned to Europe and went to Italy. A number of Italian views attributed to him have survived, the latest of which is dated 1845, the year of his last documented work. The actual date of his death remains uncertain.
Robert Salmon's works can be found at the U.S. Naval Academy; Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; National Maritime Museum, Greenwich; Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool; New Britain Museum of American Art, Connecticut; Yale Center for British Art, New Haven, Connecticut; Mariners Museum, Newport News, Virginia; William A. Farnsworth Art Museum, Rockland, Maine; Peabody Essex Museum of Salem; Shelburne Museum, Vermont; and the Worcester Art Museum, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="9644081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644081" title="Amjad Ali Noon">
Amjad Ali Noon

Malik Amjad Ali Noon, born on 17 June 1954 in Lahore province Punjab, is a Pakistani politician.
Family.
His father Malik Anwer Ali Noon mostly lived in their hometown village Ali Pur Noon. The Noon family has 27 villages in Bhalwal Tehsil: Nurpur Noon, Sultan Pur Noon and Sardar Pur Noon, among others. Malik Feroz Khan Noon ex-Prime Minister of Pakistan was also a prominent member of the Noon family.
Education.
Noon got his early education from the prestigious Aitchison College and his Bachelors from the FC College Lahore. He has studied the Law and has attended in his capacity as a member of the District Government, the National Institute of Public Administration (NIPA), Lahore, and the National Defence University, Islamabad.
Political career.
At the age of 34, Noon was the youngest High Commissioner of Pakistan to Kenya. He was also Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Pakistan to Rwanda, Ethiopia and Uganda under the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) government of Benazir Bhutto (1989–90). He was also the permanent representative at the United Nations Environmental Programme (UNEP) and HABITAT (World Shelter Programme). Noon also as the distinction of serving as the youngest member of the Majlis-e-Shoora (the Federal Council, Government of Pakistan) under the government of General Zia-ul-Haq.
He also served as Chairman of State Cement Corporation of Pakistan Limited from 1994 to 1998 in PPP government . He has also served as Chief Executive, Cement Research & Development Institute Lahore; Director, Board of Expert Advisory Cell; Director Board National Fertilizer Corporation; Chairman of the Finance Committee of Pak-Arab Fertilizer, as well as Member, Board of Governors, Aitchison College, Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) and Syndicate of the University of Sargodha.
Noon served as the Zila Nazim Sargodha (District Governor) after a record highest mandate in the 2001 elections. His political affiliations have been with the Pakistan Peoples Party. He later also remained Chairman of the Prime Minister's Inspection Commission of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9644095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644095" title="William Gordon (Bishop of Aberdeen)">
William Gordon (Bishop of Aberdeen)

William Gordon (died 1577) was a 16th-century Scottish noble and prelate, the last of the pre-Reformation bishops of Aberdeen owing allegiance to the Roman Catholic Church.
Born in Aberdeenshire, he was the son of Janet Stewart, the daughter of John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl, and her husband Alexander Gordon, 3rd Earl of Huntly. As a youth, Gordon studied at the University of Aberdeen, the University of Paris and the University of Angers, graduating in Civil law and Canon Law.
His high aristocratic birth and educational record brought him to the attention of King James V of Scotland, who in 1537 wrote to Pope Paul III, requesting that the latter reserve benefices for Gordon. He had in fact been Archdeacon of Caithness, briefly in 1529. William Gordon was Chancellor of the diocese of Moray between 1540 and 1546, and for a short time Archdeacon of Dunblane in 1545. In either March or April 1545, Mary of Guise, the mother of Mary, Queen of Scots, wrote to the Pope requesting that Gordon be made coadjutor (designated successor) to Bishop William Stewart of Aberdeen, as the latter was suffering from bad health. Stewart in fact died on 10 April, and with the support of Governor Châtellerault, Gordon was provided to the see on 17 May, receiving consecration in either late December 1545 or early January of the following year.
In the first few years of his episcopate, Gordon made a determined, unsuccessful effort to stamp out the growth of Presbyterianism.
In 1549 the Scottish provincial council convened to reform the Scottish church. Bishop Gordon was, arguably, part of the problem, as he had fathered eight children by an unmarried woman named Janet Knowles whom he supported with episcopal revenues. In 1560 the Scottish Church broke its ties to Rome, banned Mass and established an independent Scottish Church. Gordon was not an enthusiastic supporter of the latter and after the return of Mary, Queen of Scots - a Roman Catholic - to Scotland and her takeover of the kingdom, he assumed a low profile and the Queen issued a decree of protection to the University of Aberdeen, of which Gordon was chancellor; Gordon's nephew, moreover, was the staunchly Catholic George Gordon, 4th Earl of Huntly.
After the downfall of Mary, Queen of Scots, in 1567, Bishop Gordon appears to have accepted the authority of the Church of Scotland since he retained his see until his death on 6 August 1577. He died at Old Aberdeen, in the Bishop's Palace, and was buried in St Machar's Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9644100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644100" title="Snow White (1987 film)">
Snow White (1987 film)

Snow White is a 1987 American musical/fantasy film based on the classic fairytale and released as part of the "Cannon Movie Tales" series. The film was released straight to video. In August 2005 it was released on Region 1 DVD by MGM.
Plot.
The film opens with a handsome young Prince traveling in the woods with his men. The Prince discovers a beautiful young woman, Snow White, lying in a glass coffin, seemingly dead. The seven dwarfs arrive and tell the Prince Snow White's story through flashback.
A handsome and courageous King and his fair Queen rule their kingdom well. While sewing one winter's day, the Queen pricks her finger with her needle and blood falls on the snow outside her windowsill. The King declares that they will have a child with lips as red as a rose, hair as black as ebony and skin as white as snow. After some time, the good Queen gives birth to a daughter, Snow White, but dies shortly after her child is born.
The King remarries, but the new queen (Diana Rigg) is evil and jealous of Snow White (Nicola Stapleton). When the King and Snow White leave for a hunt, the Evil Queen asks her hunter to take Snow White away and kill her. The hunter succeeds in taking Snow White from her father but is unable to harm her. He lets Snow White flee into the forest, and there she discovers a cottage belonging to seven kindly dwarfs - Iddy, Biddy, Kiddy, Diddy, Fiddy, Giddy and Liddy - who allow her to stay with him. The King is told that Snow White has been eaten by wild animals, and he dies in battle.
Many happy years pass and Snow White (Sarah Patterson) grows into a lovely young woman. When the Evil Queen asks her mirror who the fairest is, she is told that Snow White, who is alive in the forest, is the fairest of them all. The Evil Queen then decides to get rid of the girl herself, trying to kill Snow White three times. First, disguised as a gypsy woman, she gives Snow White a bodice and ties her up so tightly that the girl collapses unconscious, but the dwarfs cut her out of the bodice. Then, the Queen, disguised as an Asian comb seller, pushes a poisoned comb into Snow White's hair, but the dwarfs revive her by removing the comb. The third time, the Evil Queen prepares a poisoned apple and disguises herself as an old peasant woman. Snow White resists at first, until the Evil Queen cuts the apple in half so they may share it. Snow White eats the poisoned half of the apple and falls to the floor. The dwarfs are unable to revive her, and place her inside a glass coffin.
The film returns to the present, where the dwarfs have allowed the Prince to take Snow White away. While the Prince and his men are transporting her, the coffin accidentally falls off the wagon, forcing the piece of poisoned apple from Snow White's throat, and she awakens. The Prince is enchanted by Snow White and asks her to marry him, and she accepts.
Invitations are sent out to every kingdom for their wedding, and the Evil Queen receives one as well. The Evil Queen is told by her magic mirror that the Prince's bride is the fairest in the land. She smashes her mirror in a fit of rage, which causes her to age rapidly. The Evil Queen rushes to the church and is shocked to see Snow White as the bride. The Evil Queen, now an old hag, limps out of the church and disintegrates into ashes. Snow White and the Prince are married and live happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="9644131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644131" title="Rob Rubick">
Rob Rubick

Robin (Rob) James Rubick is a former NFL Tight End for the Detroit Lions. He attended Grand Valley State. He was drafted in the 1982 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions in the twelfth round.
As an NFL player Rubick played in 88 games, had 4 touchdowns (3 receiving, 1 rushing), 44 receptions, and 1 carry.
From 1999 to 2007, he served as the Detroit Lions studio analyst on the "Detroit Sports Report", and later on "Lions Live", on Fox Sports Detroit. Rubick was the radio color commentator for EMU football on WEMU from 2004-10. After leaving professional football, Rubick received Masters' Degrees from Eastern Michigan University and Marygrove College and currently works as a teacher at Lapeer West High School in Lapeer, Michigan. In 2010, he became the color commentator for preseason games on the Detroit Lions Television Network.

</doc>
<doc id="9644145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644145" title="Ahirudin Attan">
Ahirudin Attan

Datuk Ahirudin bin Attan, (born December 20, 1961) also known as Rocky Bru, is a Malaysian blogger, journalist and former editor of several New Straits Times Press (NSTP) publications, including the "Business Times", "The Malay Mail" and "The Sunday Mail". He currently runs a blog, dubbed Rocky's Bru, and resides in Kuala Lumpur.
Journalism.
Ahirudin's first foray into journalism was as a journalist for the "Business Times" in 1985, after graduating from "Institut Teknologi MARA" (now "Universiti Teknologi MARA"). In 1992, he served as the group's London correspondent and would later furthered his studies in Cardiff in 1993, taking up a course in Advanced Journalism. Ahirudin was appointed Editor of the "Business Times" in 1997 and remained so until he was appointed Acting Editor of "The Malay Mail" on 16 October 2001. He was further reappointed as the Executive Editor of both the "Malay Mail" and "Sunday Mail" on 1 May 2004, following a restructuring in the paper's news desk.
On 13 February 2006, Ahirudin resigned from his editorial position as the newspaper was revamped to cater to younger readerships. Ahirudin further departed from the New Straits Times Press on May 2006, amid speculation that included a "run-in with the present head honchos in the organization." Ahirudin has worked with the NSTP for 21 years.
Ahirudin was the President of the National Press Club from 2003 to March 31, 2007, succeeded by Mokhtar Hussain, his brother, and remains as its adviser until March 2009. He is also an Editorial Consultant, and columnist.
Blogging.
In May 2006, Ahirudin started Rocky's Bru, a Blogger.com-based blog centered primarily on journalism, mass media and politics.
Ahirudin's blog has garnered sufficient attention by the NSTP that it was blocked from NSTP offices and branches nationwide within two weeks after the blog was formed, and has prompted the group to launch a lawsuit against him, alongside blogger Jeff Ooi, on 11 January 2007, for libel. As of March 2008, the suit is in progress.
On April 6, 2007, Ahirudin was appointed the President of the National Bloggers Alliance, a newly formed group aimed at protecting the rights of Malaysian bloggers and promoting responsible blogging.
Jeff Ooi.
Ahirudin has developed a relatively healthy friendship with Jeff Ooi. However, Ahirudin has stated in a press conference on 23 January 2007 that he has previous engaged Ooi in a "healthy" exchange of words:
"There was name calling (by the blog readers), used his blog space to criticise and I used my column in the "" to respond. Had it gone on and on it would've been a healthy debate."

</doc>
<doc id="9644206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644206" title="Augustin Chantrel">
Augustin Chantrel

Augustin Chantrel (November 11, 1906 – September 4, 1956) was a French former football (soccer) halfback. He played for several local clubs and became a member of the French national team, whom he represented at the 1928 Olympic Games and at the 1930 World Cup.
During his youth, Chantrel played for the "Paris Université Club" (PUC), until Paris team Red Star Olympique brought him to their squad in 1925. He won the "Coupe de France" in 1928 while at Red Star, and stayed at that club until 1929; he then joined CASG Paris, and then had a period at Amiens SC (1933 to 1934), followed by his return to Red Star, where he would stay until the end of his professional career in 1939. For his last season, Chantrel became a player–coach, helping former World Cup rival from Argentina Guillermo Stábile to manage Red Star, and helping the club win the Division 2 championship.
Chantrel was capped 15 times for the French national team, from 1928 to 1933. His international debut took place while he was playing for Red Star, on March 11, 1928, against Switzerland. He participated in the 1928 Olympic tournament, playing in France's only match, a 4-3 loss to Italy in Amsterdam. In 1930, he was selected to the squad that travelled across the Atlantic on board the "Conte Verde" to play in the first ever World Cup tournament in Montevideo. Chantrel appeared in all three of France's matches. During the first half of the first match against Mexico, with the score 1–0 in favour of France, goalkeeper Alex Thépot suffered an injury after a collision with a Mexican player, and was unable to continue playing. Substitutions were not allowed at the time, and Chantrel, a halfback, replaced Thépot in goal from the 24th minute until the end of the match, which France won. Chantrel became the only player in World Cup history to see action as a field player and as a goalkeeper. He is also the only field player ever to replace a goalkeeper after having started the match at a different position. Chantrel's last international match was against Germany on March 19, 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="9644257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644257" title="Jihad Wahl training camp">
Jihad Wahl training camp

The Jihad Wahl training camp was an alleged al Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan.
Prior to 1996, Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri, Mohammed Atef and Yaseen al-Iraqi aided Enaam Arnaout in purchasing AK-47s and mortar rounds from a Pashtun tribesman named Hajjji Ayoub, and they were subsequently delivered in large trucks to the Jawr and Jihad Wahl training camps.
Allegations prepared for Salem Abdul Salem Ghereby's Combatant Status Review Tribunal and first and second annual Administrative Review Board hearings stated he attended the Jihad Wahl camp in 1996:
Hassan Mohammed Ali Bin Attash, also known as Hassan Mohammed Salih Bin Attash. faced allegations during his first and second annual Administrative Review Board hearings that he also attended bomb-making course at the Jiwad Wahl camp, in 1997, when he was about twelve years old.
Ahmed al-Darbi was also accused of attending the same camp.
Abu Jaffar el Masry, Haydar Dosari and Salem el-Masri taught the proper use of explosives at the camp.
In 2007 Mohammed Soliman Barre had his continued detention justified, in part, based on the allegation: ""The detainee was identified as being selected by al Qaida for more advanced training and specialized coursework at the Jihad Wal Camp, courses usually reserved only for sworn al Qaida members."".

</doc>
<doc id="9644277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644277" title="Christian Gottlieb Jöcher">
Christian Gottlieb Jöcher

Christian Gottlieb Jöcher (20 July 1694 – 10 May 1758) was a German academic, librarian and lexicographer.
Jöcher was born in Leipzig, and became professor of history at the University of Leipzig in 1732. From 1742, he was university librarian in the Leipzig University Library, where he began the complete alphabetic catalogue of the collections.
He authored the "Allgemeines Gelehrten-Lexicon" ("General Dictionary of the Learned") in four volumes, published 1733-1751, and was editor of the literary journal "Deutsche Acta Eruditorum" from 1719. He died in Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="9644278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644278" title="List of Orange Bowl broadcasters">
List of Orange Bowl broadcasters

Television network, play-by-play and color commentator for the Orange Bowl from 1953 to the present.
Television.
ESPN will televise the Orange Bowl game from 2011–2014, as part of the cable network's new $500 million broadcast deal with the BCS. This game, along with the Fiesta Bowl, is one of only two bowl games ever to air on all the "big 4" broadcast television networks in the United States.
Spanish.
In 2013, ESPN Deportes will provide the first Spanish U.S. telecast of the Orange Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="9644294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644294" title="List of Ice Age characters">
List of Ice Age characters

This is a list of the characters in the "Ice Age" films, mentioned by a name either presented in the films or in an official material.
The Herd.
Manny.
Manfred "Manny", is a woolly mammoth, in all four "Ice Age" films. He can be serious and emotional, but is otherwise caring and friendly. In the first film, while passing through the icy cave, the herd discovers cave paintings of Manny with his wife and their baby, who were killed by humans; this is an emotional moment for Manny, since he failed to defend them. At the end of the film, Manny and Sid return Roshan to the neanderthals with an injured Diego trailing behind them. He finds love with Ellie in '. In ', he goes literally mad with worry when Ellie is pregnant. At the end of the film, he becomes the proud father of a baby daughter named Peaches. In "", he gets into an argument with his teenage daughter before being pulled away in by the drift with Diego, Sid and Granny. He and the team later encounter a group of pirates lead by Captain Gutt. When the team escaped they destroy the ship and take Shira with them. This enrages the Captain who hunt them down. Later on, he is almost manipulated by sirens.
A running gag for Manny, shown in all four films, is that if a certain character were to refer to him as fat, he would often deny it, saying that "his fur is what makes him look big" and that "it's poofy".
Sid.
Sidney "Sid" is a ground sloth in all four films who is clumsy, annoying, slow moving, fast-talking, unintelligent, unfit, and unattractive member with a good heart, and is voiced with a lateral lisp. Little is known from Sid's life other than that Sid once lived in a tree with other sloths that always wanted to leave Sid behind when the migration occurred, using several different ways to leave him behind. What is clear is that Sid's mother always told him that "bad news is just good news in disguise" prior to abandoning him for good. He accidentally starts a fire in the first film and learns how to do it properly towards the end; he also shows this skill in the second film, where he is worshiped by a tribe of "mini-sloths" who call him "Fire King" and try to sacrifice him. In the third film, he adopts a trio of baby Dinosaurs, and is forcibly taken to the underground dinosaur land by their mother, requiring the others to come and save him. In the fourth film, it is revealed that his full name is Sidney, though this name was also used in a deleted scene of the first film. When he, Diego and Manny are on the ice and are forced up by a water spout, they see a rainbow in the bright blue sky as he told them that "there is a rainbow at the end of every corner."
A mechanical version of Sid appears in "Robots" during the miming scene. 
Sid was built along the form typical of ground sloths, short, brushy tail, clawed hands and feet, a long thin neck, ovular head with bulbous eye on both sides and a pair of buckteeth.Sid’s right front tooth was slightly bigger than the left, similar to his right eye, which was also somewhat bigger than the left, both eyes of which were pale green. Sid’s pelt was dirty and tan, and became brown when the fungus it carried dried out, Sid attributing the state of his pelt to his vegetarian diet, which he said led to a younger-looking pelt. In his films, Sid faints at certain times when he's getting hit - e.g. he faints when he gets hit on the nose by a block of ice and apparently get his tongue stuck to the floor of an ice cave.
Diego.
Diego is a saber-toothed cat found in all four of the films. He is Shira's love interest. He has a somewhat sarcastic personality, although it is not intended as malicious. He was sent by his pack to retrieve the human baby called Roshan; When he found Roshan in Manny and Sid's care, he pretended to lead them to the humans, but instead planned to lead them into an ambush by the pack. However, when Manny saved his life, Diego had a change of heart, telling him about the pack and helping to counterattack. He was seemingly killed by the pack's leader, Soto, but survived and joined Manny and Sid on their travels. In the , he was revealed to suffer from aquaphobia, but he eventually conquered it in order to save Sid, Eddie and Crash. In the third film, he began to fear that he was losing his predatory abilities from being in the "herd" too long, and considered staying in the underground dinosaur world with Buck. He changed his mind after managing to save the labored Ellie from a dinosaur attack. In , another "Smilodon" named Shira joins the group, and Diego feels attracted to her. During the end credits, Diego and Shira are seen nuzzling each other showing that they have now become a couple.
Ellie.
Ellie is a female woolly mammoth, whom Manny, Diego, and Sid meet during their migration to escape the flood in the second movie, "".
It was revealed that when Ellie was young, she was separated from her herd during the ice age. She came across two opossums named Crash and Eddie, along with their mother. She later forgot her origins and thought that she was an opossum.
Initially Manny was overjoyed that he had found another of his kind, but got somewhat dismayed when he realized that Ellie believed that she was an opossum. Nevertheless, he and his herd (or rather, Sid) welcomed Ellie and her brothers to travel with them. During this time, Ellie displayed the mannerisms pertaining to an opossum as well as insisting (despite obvious proof that she was not a possum) and this tested Manny's patience, namely when she claimed that the act of bravery that he had done of fighting off the sea reptile Cretaceous was dumb.
Soon, Manny got his time to be alone with Ellie when he and Ellie went for a walk through a wooded area, where Ellie had a flashback that told her of her past. Upon remembering this, she knew that she was a mammoth. When Manny later implied that they must mate in order to save the mammoths from extinction, she was initially angered, but in time she apologized for overreacting.
Soon, however, this new "herd" reached a horrible obstacle between them and safety from the oncoming flood: a field of geysers, which Manny explained must be crossed, but Ellie would not listen: she and her brothers felt that they must go around. But this proved to be disastrous: as they were trying to reach their destination, some rocks caved down and nearly crushed Ellie and her brothers, but trapped them instead in a sort of cave. Manny rescued Ellie, for the water was flooding into the cave where she was trapped and had nearly drowned Ellie. She and Manny escaped and regrouped with the others, but faced another problem, for the waters were still rising.
After the waters had subsided a herd of mammoths made their way into the valley. Manny thought that because the mammoths had come, that Ellie would not want to remain with him. He was persuaded otherwise by Sid and Diego and confronted Ellie confessing his feelings, saying that he wanted to be together not because they had to be, but because he himself wanted to. Ellie accepted him as her mate. The mammoths trumpet while Manny and Ellie embrace. Manny and Ellie decide to stay with their old friends, taking along Sid, Diego, and the possum brothers.
In "", she and Manny are mates and Ellie is pregnant with their first child. When they find the Dinosaur World under their feet, they have to go in and search for Sid in Lava Falls. When very close to Lava Falls, Ellie goes into labour, and gives birth to Peaches (which was named after the codeword that was for if Ellie went into labor on the trip). When they return to the surface, Ellie introduces Peaches to her new home.
Crash and Eddie.
Crash and Eddie are two twin brother opossums. Adoptive brothers of Ellie, they cared for her and taught her to hang by her tail from a tree branch when she slept, as they did. They are shown to be reckless and danger-loving, courtesy of the fact that they're both very stupid.
They first made their presence known to the opening characters by means of shooting pebbles (or possibly spitballs) through reeds at Sid and Diego, then baiting them so as to humiliate them, but Diego began chasing them, leading both Sid and Diego to Ellie. After much persuasion, Ellie and her brothers joined Manny, Sid, and Diego, though Crash and Eddie spared almost no opportunity in bothering Diego.
As they traveled with Manny and his friends, Ellie grew closer to Manny, putting both Crash and Eddie somewhat closer to Manny and his friends, but creating a short grudge when Manny tried "hitting on" Ellie. They even play dead when crows are nearby. In time, however, they saw behind the petty grudges and worked together with Manny, Sid, and Diego to escape the flood, but left with Ellie when she left Manny and his friends to cross the minefield, as she claimed that it was suicide to cross it. Crash and Eddie joined Ellie in trying to escape the flood, but soon ran into trouble when they were trapped in a cave.
Ellie insisted that they leave her to the point of pushing them outwards from a small crevice, but they promised to return with help, and true to their word, sought out Manny to try and free Ellie. They eventually made their way into a rushing current of water and were almost swept away when a foolish Sid came along to jump into the current, leaving them, in addition to holding onto a branch for dear life against the current of water, trying to hold onto an unconscious Sid. Diego eventually helped when he jumped in and saved them from drowning along with Sid. When Manny had saved Ellie from drowning, they helped Ellie back onto solid ground, but almost drowned when the flood was encroaching.
Eventually however, the waters drained, leaving Crash, Eddie, and all of the others alive. When a herd of mammoths came by (as mammoths were presumed all but extinct), they thought that Ellie would go with them and leave Manny, so they went with her. But as it turned out, Manny and Ellie stayed together because they wanted to, rather than being obligated to, and so they left onwards with Sid and Diego, as well as Crash and Eddie.
In the third film, Crash and Eddie travel with the others to the dinosaur jungle to save Sid from Momma, and both grow to idolize Buck, the one-eyed dinosaur-hunting weasel who helped them find Sid. In the third film, they also mentioned they never liked Sid. This is not true however, due to helping Buck save Sid from his incoming death.
All in all, they are very close and almost inseparable as brothers, as shown in the sequels.
They're not quite identical: Crash has blue eyes and a flatter nose with ridges, and was voiced by Seann William Scott while Eddie has brown eyes and a pointier nose with a brown stripe, and was voiced by Josh Peck. Their mom is Mother Opossum, who first saved Ellie when Crash and Eddie were very small.
In "", Crash and Eddie, along with Buck, ride a pterosaur and save Sid from a lava waterfall.
They reappear in "" in which they have small roles. They partake in the final battle with Gutt's crew fighting Dobson by hopping on his back and having a rodeo, but accidentally let him charge into Manny and, later Shira, knocking them onto the other ship.
Peaches.
Peaches is the daughter of Manny and Ellie, born in the Dinosaur's world whilst they were under attack by a pack of . She appeared close to end of Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs and was named after the code-word that was thought up to say that Ellie was going into labour. Manny also claims that peaches are sweet, round and fuzzy, just like Peaches and Ellie. She looks exactly like her mother, Ellie (which Sid thinks is very lucky). At the end of the film, she returned to the surface with her parents and the rest of the group. She is voiced by Ciara Bravo in ' and Keke Palmer in '.
Peaches appears as a teenager in "". She is self-taught to do some possum moves just like her mother. Shortly after Scrat sets off a domino effect of the continents breaking apart, she is shown sneaking up in the morning going to the falls with Louis, a molehog who is also her best friend. After Manny embarrasses her in front of Ethan, her crush, and the other mammoths by grounding her, she and her father get into a fight, and as a result, when he, Diego, and Sid get separated from them on an iceberg, she feels not only helpless to stop it but also guilty. Later during the events of the film, it is Ethan who shows an interest in her hanging out with him and his friends. As a kind of condition, he suggests for her to leave Louis behind. Convinced he'd start to like her, she readily agrees. The following day, while walking with Ethan and the other mammoths, unbeknownst to them that Louis was looking for her, they begin to question her about her friendship with him. When she claims to have none so as to gain their approval, Louis overhears, also making himself known. Shortly after Louis leaves, Peaches begins to grow tired of the other mammoths' teasing, as immediately afterwards a tremor causes a dangerous moving cloud of dust, and instead of expressing concern they try to convince her that it was fun escaping the blast. Upon calling them out on their stupid behaviour, Ethan and the others carelessly judge her by her family being part possum, causing her to get upset, confront Ethan, then leave. At the end of the movie, she and her herd are, in part, saved by Louis, who bravely challenges Captain Gutt, and distracts him from Peaches by slamming a chunk of ice on his foot. His bravery, as well as Peaches' own heroics in saving her mother, impress Ethan and his friends, who ask to hang out with them instead. Louis casually agrees.
Shira.
Shira appears in ' as part of Gutt's crew, and is Captain Gutt's pawn She is a dazzlingly beautiful, female saber-toothed cat and Diego's lover resembling a snow leopard. She makes her first appearance in ' standing next to Captain Gutt, who is holding Scrat.
Shira first appears when Gutt's crew attacks the herds "ship". Diego is smitten upon his first sight on her as she is the most beautiful creature he has ever seen.
Diego, wanting himself, Manny, Sid, and Granny to get back home, tries to chomp off all the pirates' ropes from their "ship", but is too late as Shira arrives and restrains him, mocking him for his declaration of "I don't fight girls" by pinning him down and saying, "I can see why". After Manny and the others escape by capsizing Gutt's iceberg, Shira is seen in the water, calling out for her crewmates' help; only Flynn is concerned over Shira's whereabouts, but Gutt ignores this and demands his crew to move on forward without her. She is rescued against her will by Manny, and is angered when Diego calls her "Kitty" for calling them a "bad joke" of a herd. She journeyed with the herd to an island. Once there, she attempts to escape, but Diego catches up to her and she is imprisoned in a tree, much to her anger.
That night, Shira is approached by Diego, who learns she left her pack as he once did. Diego tells her that she simply traded one pack for another, and that his herd always has each other's backs, pointing out that Gutt hadn't made any thoughts of planning a search party for her in the first place. The next morning, Shira escapes and finds Gutt making a new ship on the other side of the island. Gutt angrily berates her for not killing the herd, and punishes her by making Squint his new first mate. Gutt then orders Shira to target Diego, declaring that he would have a tiger-skin rug when it ended, he didn't care whose, somewhat proving Diego's point to Shira that Gutt never had his back on anyone, including hers. When the herd enacts their plans to take Gutt's new ship back home, Shira once again tackles Diego, who convinces her to turn against Gutt and come with him. Because of their newfound love, she follows Diego to the ship, but on seeing that Gutt is catching up to them, secretly puts ice in his way. As the herd floats away, Shira tells Diego that she has his back, while both looking at each other longingly as the boat leaves implying they have feelings for each other.
During the return home, Diego realized he had fallen in love with Shira, despite denying it to Manny and Sid. Later, when Gutt is holding Peaches hostage, Shira is seen struggling to get up, implying that Gutt had physically punished Shira for her betrayal. During the fight, she protects Ellie from Squint, mocking the rabbit's "cute little bunny nose". After the defeat of Gutt's crew, Shira joins the herd, sharing a loving look with Diego. She also rests her head on Diego's shoulder during the herd's landing on switchback cove. In the end credits, Shira nuzzles against Diego's side showing that they have now become a couple.
Shira is voiced by Jennifer Lopez in "".
Granny.
Granny is a ground sloth and also Sid's grandmother. She joins the herd after her own family abandons her, calling her "dead weight" to save their own skins before the earthquake (that and to avoid Sid). Despite, how Granny sometimes picks on and berates her grandson, Sid is very happy to have her around. Granny is loud,abrasive,tough,sarcastic,somewhat crazy, as she once thought Gutt was actually being nice to her. Over time she begins to warm up to the group, as Sid asked Granny why their own family abandoned him and Granny, For a moment, Granny sympathetically answers "because they think we're screw-ups and can't do anything right" She even helps out in several attempts to get back home. At the end Granny admits that Sid is lucky to have a real family (his herd) that care so much about him. After that she officially joins the herd. She quickly asks Sid to chew her food, but Sid had fixed her a new set of teeth, a pair of shark teeth that were originally Raz's weapon
but Granny uses them quite well as they are very sharp.
It is shown in the film she had an allegedly imaginary pet named Precious, which showed up at the end and turned out to be real: a giant whale who defeats Gutt's crew (minus Squint) by blasting them away. Precious then helped the group to South America and Granny bid her pet a fond good-bye.
Louis.
Peaches' best friend Louis, is a soft-spoken, somewhat weak, and slightly cute hedgehog, who is always dutifully by her side and eager to help, even if it is to help her get closer to pretty boy Ethan. When Peaches' heart is ultimately broken by Ethan, Louis secretly wishes that she could see that he is the only one who adores her just as she is. Peaches is very oblivious to his crush on her. He tries to be the voice of reason when she is up to some things, because of his soft-spoken demeanor and his somewhat cowardice, Manny alongside Crash and Eddie, have dubbed him "Wiener". Even after having his feelings hurt by Peaches, Louis comes to his friends side when she is held hostage by Gutt. He fends off Gutt long enough for Peaches to escape, impressed by his bravery,Manny even encourages Louis to be more open minded to adventures like Peaches. Ethan and his posse even ask to hang out with him, as they seem to move on in life as friends. The only flaw with Louis' life in Ice Age is, along with "The Brat Pack", he seems to lack parents and other family members that he would live with. It is implied that Louis joined the herd. 
Scrat.
Scrat is an animated species who is obsessed with collecting acorns, constantly putting his life in danger to obtain and defend them. He has his own stories in the film, independent of the main plot, which are parallel with the journeys of the other main characters, causing them to interact with him at times.
The character is enormously successful and Scrat is viewed as a breakout character, the most popular of the franchise. In a special feature in the second film's DVD, his name has been stated to be a mix of the words "squirrel" and "rat", his species allegedly believed to have been a common ancestor of both. In the "Ice Age" DVD commentary, he is referred to as "The Scrat" by directors Chris Wedge and Carlos Saldanha. Scrat is never referred to by name in the films. He is only named in the credits.
Scrat is voiced in all "Ice Age" movies and short films by director Chris Wedge. He directly interacts with the story's main characters on eight occasions, mostly with Sid. In the first film, he attacks Sid when the latter tries to eat his acorn, successfully regaining it. He later meets Manny, Sid, and Diego asking him where the baby's family is and Scrat attempts to tell them about nearby saber-toothed tigers, but Diego kicks Scrat away before he could do so. At the beginning of the second, he accidentally gets his tongue stuck to a glacier he's climbing on while he's trying to rescue his acorn. At the end of the second film, after Scrat created a hole in the valley and released all the melted ice, later attacks Sid for saving his life (when he had already died and gone to paradise and was about to get a giant acorn). In the third film, Scrat is stepped on by Manny and falls onto Sid's head while chasing his acorn. Next, he appears when Sid's "children" are batting a ball around, the ball actually being Scrat. Lastly, while Diego is sleeping, he wakes up when he gets hit with Scrat's acorn. He is then stepped on by Scrat and Scratte chasing after it, much to Diego's confusion. In the fourth film, when Sid prys open a clam, he finds Scrat inside. Sid's grandmother mistakes Scrat for a rat and continuously whacks him with her cane until he falls into the ocean.
Scrat constantly hunts for his acorn either to bury it or eat it, but fate always gets in the way. He invariably ends up in humorous or painful situations: being struck by lightning, pursued by avalanches, and repeatedly knocked unconscious while fighting for his acorn. Yet he never gives up. Scrat generally loses, except when he defeats a school of piranhas and successfully battles Sid for his life
Scrat is the main character in three short films. In the first, "Gone Nutty", he loses his collection of acorns in a catastrophic chain of events. He jams his acorn into a hole in the middle of the collection, which shatters the pile and with it the entire continent - which begins the continental drift.
In the second film, "No Time for Nuts", Scrat finds a time machine left by a time-traveler and visits several historical events. He becomes trapped in a frightening future when oak trees have become extinct, but somehow manages to return to the series' time period.
A third Scrat short, "Scrat's Continental Crack-up", was released in 2010 accompanying the feature "Gulliver's Travels", and later with "Rio" as a promotion for the fourth Ice Age movie "."
Scrat also has a cameo in "Surviving Sid" which was important to the plot.
Scrat is the main character in the . He is also playable in the other two games based on the series.
Scrat also made a cameo appearance in the "Family Guy" episode "Sibling Rivalry" when Peter Griffin said Scrat's nuts were his, as a result, Scrat pounces and attacks Peter as he was going to steal his nuts.
The origin of Scrat is disputed. Cartoon designer Ivy Supersonic claims she created the character in 1999, after seeing a squirrel-rat hybrid in Skidmore College's Case Green. She called her character "Sqrat" and says she presented the idea to 20th Century Fox movie executives. A CNN report by Jeanie Moos of Ivy's discovery was aired in 2000, two years before "Ice Age" went into development. Supersonic claims the studio's own documents actually identified the character in "Ice Age" as "Sqrat", though her creation was not sabre-toothed.
Ivy Supersonic was offered a $300,000 settlement by Fox Studios. She turned it down and subsequently lost in court. The case is currently in appeal (Case # 04401 Court of Appeals, Second Circuit, NYC). She still has hopes of receiving damages for her claimed infringement.
Supersonic did win a partial summary judgement from the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board in a reverse suit, Fox Film Corporation v. Ivy Silberstein (her real name), in which Fox had tried to prevent her from registering the trade mark "SQRAT". [http://ttabvue.uspto.gov/ttabvue/ttabvue-91156005-OPP-21.pdf]
According to Wedge, artist Peter de Seve came up with the design for Scrat after a visit to the Museum of Natural History. Wedge called it "sort of a squirrel based on some lemur."
While initially created as a fictional species for comedic purposes, in 2011 scientists have discovered a mammal quite similar to Scrat. The newly described taxon, "Cronopio dentiacutus" wasn't a true squirrel, nor did it live in the Cenozoic era. Instead it belonged to the dryolestoids, a group of mammals thought to be the ancestors of therians, and it lived nearly 100 million years ago in Patagonia. The precedence of the animated character to the discovery of the real one is an example of what is known as the "Dim Effect".
As of "Epic", Scrat has gone on to become the mascot of Blue Sky Studios and is even featured in their new logo.
"Ice Age".
Roshan.
Roshan, or "Pinky", was the baby that Manny, Sid, and Diego returned to his father.
Roshan is the young son of a human tribe chief. While sleeping one morning, his tribe is attacked by a pack of smilodons. The leader of the pack, Soto, wants Roshan as revenge for Roshan's father Runar killing half the pack and using their skin as clothes and their flesh as food. His mother, Nadia, is able to fend off Diego, whose mission is to retrieve him. However, she is cornered over a waterfall and, in a desperate attempt to save her son, leaps over the waterfall, holding Roshan tightly in her arms. They are both found by Manny and Sid at the riverside. Using what little strength she has left, she gives Roshan to Manny and Sid in hopes that he will be safe with them.
Roshan's prime care-giver is Sid, the only member of the group who initially has any interest in him, Manny being too cynical to care and Diego secretly planning to kill him. Manny, after his previous experience with humans, is reluctant to have anything to do with the baby, but eventually bonds with him. At the end of the movie, Roshan is reunited with his tribe. Runar is particularly happy to learn that the baby has learned to walk during his time with Manny, Sid, and Diego.
Soto.
Soto is the deadly and dangerous leader of a pack of saber-toothed cats. He wants to eat Roshan in vengeance for the murders of several of his pack-mates.
As part of his plan to take Roshan, Soto plans an attack on the human camp so that while he and three other pack members would attack the humans, Diego would slip in, unnoticed, and take Roshan. Diego fails at this task, and Soto is not pleased, telling Diego to bring Roshan to Half-Peak where he would meet with the others. Soto dispatched his fellow pack members Zeke and Oscar to warn Diego to hurry and bring Roshan or not return at all, though was reciprocated with the news that alongside Roshan, Soto would receive a mammoth.
Soto eventually made it with his pack to Half Peak and informed Diego that while he had his doubts, he was pleased that Diego had made it. Soon it would happen that unbeknownst to Soto, Diego was in league with both Manny and Sid, and so Sid would lure Soto and his pack-mates away from both Manny and Roshan with a decoy made of snow.
Soto made his way to the end of the altercation in which he made an attempt to kill Manny, but was stopped by Diego, whom he severely wounded. Thereafter, Manny smacked Soto into a wall of ice, knocking loose a row of icicles, the sharp ice formations falling, and end up killing Soto offscreen.
Zeke.
Zeke is a member of a pack of saber-toothed cats shown in the first film.
He is led by Soto, who is out to seek Roshan and kill him. Zeke is dark-gray and looked mangy, as well as acting the part of a suck up. It is revealed in a deleted scene that he, like the other members of his pack, wanted very much to follow the "walking buffet" south, but Soto would not hear of it. Zeke accompanied Oscar to tell Diego to hurry up and bring back Roshan or not to come back. He soon made it along with the rest of his pack to Half Peak, where he tried to catch Sid and Roshan, but was stopped by Sid who stomped him into a tiny crevice with his hindquarters sticking out. It is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
Oscar.
Oscar is a member of a pack of saber-toothed cats in the first film.
Oscar is shown to doubting Diego's abilities because he slipped up once in bringing Roshan to Soto. In a deleted scene he is seen telling his packmates of his disapproval of Soto's plans to stay and hunt the humans instead of following the migrating herds traveling south. Oscar went along with Zeke to find Diego and warn him to hurry and bring Roshan. Oscar made it with the rest of the pack to Half Peak where he attempted to kill Manny but was defeated along with the others. He is last seen running away after he and Lenny see Soto killed.
Lenny.
Lenny is a member of a pack of saber-toothed cats in the first film.
Lenny, along with the rest of the pack, attacked the human encampment but were fended off by the humans' dogs who fought alongside the humans against the pack sending them off. One of the pack members Diego was expected to steal the baby Roshan from the humans but missed his chance when Roshan's mother Nadia escaped with her child through a waterfall. Angry at Diego's failure the pack leader Soto orders Diego to retrieve Roshan and bring him to Half Peak where the others will be waiting. Soto was later informed by other pack members Zeke and Oscar that Diego will bring Roshan back along with a wooly Mammoth called Manny who has been caring for Roshan along with Sid the sloth.
Lenny met up with Diego along with the other members of the pack at Half Peak where Zeke reminisced the joys of mammoth flesh much to Lenny's displeasure (saying his only lines in the film, "Hey, knock it off. I'm starving!" and "I told you to knock it off!"). He then demanded Zeke to stop talking about food and then tries to hit him but is stopped by Soto who tells him to save energy as mammoths don't go down easily. Soto plans an ambush on Manny so he would be caught by surprise and so he ordered the pack not to attack until they saw Manny but Diego secretly turned on his pack after he had be shown real compassion and caring from Manny and Sid so he tempted Zeke to leap into action and attack. The surprise given away, the pack pursue Sid as he slides down a snowy slope on a piece of bark soon after Lenny and Oscar who had been chasing Sid where impeded by a large log Manny threw at them. Once they recovered they saw that Soto had been killed when he tried to attack Manny and that Diego had intervened Soto's attacks. Soto hit a wall of ice and a number of icicles came down and killed him. Seeing the death of their leader, Lenny and Oscar run off.
Unlike the rest of his pack mates who are all saber-toothed cats, Lenny is a scimitar-toothed cat, a close relative of the saber-toothed cat, stated in the book "Ice Age: The Essential Guide".
Runar.
Runar was the chieftain of a human tribe shown in the first film.
Runar was a leader for a tribe of neanderthals (referred in the film as humans). He was the father of Roshan and husband of Nadia, and cared greatly for his family, all the while leading them and the rest of the tribe as a nomadic group to travel from place to place. In one encampment that his tribe set up, half a pack of saber-toothed tigers was killed and the furs taken as coats and clothing. In vengeance, the leader saber-tooth named Soto decided to plan an attack on Runar's tribe so as to take his son Roshan and kill him in vengeance for those saber-teeth slain in battle by Runar's tribe. The attack almost worked, but Runar's tribe had dire wolves that detected Soto's pack coming and the human tribe did battle with the saber-teeth, with Soto fighting directly with Runar. In the melee, the baby Roshan was taken by his mother from a saber-toothed tiger named Diego, and the hunters successfully warded off the saber-teeth only to find out that his son had disappeared and his wife was gone.
Runar had no choice left but to begin the travel to another camp far off, tracking the treacherous saber-teeth on the way and finding clues as to his son's whereabouts. In time, Runar made it near the settlement and was finally re-united with his son, but not before meeting face-to-face with Manny and Sid, the two animals who returned the child. Runar was on his guard about Manny at first, as he appeared hostile, but quickly came to see that he meant no ill will, simply to return the child.
Runar thanked Manny by giving him the charm bracelet that had once been Roshan's, and with that Runar left the scene with his tribe and his son in tow.
Nadia.
Nadia was the wife of the chief of a neanderthal tribe shown in the first film.
Nadia had a husband, Runar, and a baby son, Roshan. She and her family lived a peaceful life together with their tribe until the day when a pack of saber-toothed tigers invaded their camp to abduct the youngest member, Roshan. Nadia staved off an attack on Roshan long enough to run away quickly from Diego who was pursuing her. Nadia ran with Roshan in her arms until she reached a great waterfall and was cornered. She jumped, holding on tightly to her son all the while; she then ended up on the riverbank below, meeting Manny and Sid, two animals that were passing by. With the last of her strength, Nadia nudged Roshan to these animals in the hopes that they could be entrusted with her son. Seconds after this act, she slipped slowly from the riverbank, disappearing. Her fate remains unknown, although it is heavily implied she drowned.
Dab.
Dab was the head dodo shown in the first film.
The dodos were collecting a stockpile for the winter, and one of them stole the melon that Manny had spotted for Roshan. When Manny, Sid and Diego went to the dodos to get the melon back, they found the dodos on parade. The dodos' stockpile so far consisted only of three melons, including the stolen melon. After Manny pointed this out, the dodos fought to stop Manny, Diego and Sid getting at the melons. In the fight, the first melon fell over a cliff and several dodos, including the flock's "last female", jumped over as well in a suicidal attempt to retrieve it. The second melon bounced into a boiling tar pit, along with three more unfortunate dodos who were trying to stop it falling in. Sid managed to get the last melon, and the remaining dodos also fell off the cliff, a parody as to why they are extinct today. In "Ice Age: The Meltdown", another dodo gets fried while attempting to cross the geyser fields. 
Carl and Frank.
Carl and Frank are two male "Brontops". Carl had thick lips and a thick horn, while Frank had more pointed lips and a thinner horn. They referred to Sid as an overgrown weasel.
The two appeared at the beginning of the film when Sid the sloth was shown stepping on their salad and eating an important part of it, the dandelion. The two animals soon chased after him in the hopes of killing him, but were stopped forcefully by Manny the mammoth, by being hurled through the air. They'd held a powerful grudge against Sid for what he'd done and when they next saw him, he was in the same hot mud pool that they were in and was erroneously referring to them as ladies. Again, Carl and Frank stampeded after the hapless sloth, but were waylaid when they saw that he had already been "killed" by a saber-toothed cat named Diego (which was part of Sid's plan to get them to be fooled into leaving him alone and not trying to kill him off) and gave up their chase post-haste stating that "carnivores have all the fun."
Jennifer and Rachel.
Jennifer and Rachel are two ground sloths from the first film.
The two were shown being sweet-talked by Sid to impress them while he had the baby Roshan in tow. Jennifer admitted that she found some of Sid's qualities to be most attractive, and when Sid left, the two spoke to each other on how, despite his lack of good looks, he was a family-type.
These two female sloths (in a deleted scene from the film) were shown scorning Sid when he was shown to simply be using the baby to mate with them, though Rachel was much more straightforward as she kicked him directly in the groin while calling him ""pig"".
Jennifer was a thickset dark-blue sloth with short curly hair and a medium-sized nose. Rachel was considerably thinner and had light tan fur and a blonde ponytail directly at the top of her head and a smaller nose.
Sylvia.
Sylvia is a female ground sloth who was cut from the first Ice Age film, but can be found in the deleted scenes of the 2-Disc DVD release and "The Classic Storybook" and "The Movie Novel".
Sylvia was shown waylaying Sid into traveling with her, for she was seeking commitment. Sid, not wanting any of this, had her sent off as he managed to put her in the path of some running glyptodonts. Sylvia eventually found him again, though this time, she found him and was still adamant to go migrating with him. Sid agreed and told her that he would leave her for a moments to get turnips so as to stuff their cheeks to migrate, but rather ran off to escape from her without her knowing it, and she followed him to where she found him: in the jaws of Diego, the saber-toothed cat. She did not believe that Sid was truly dead, and sullenly told Diego to "eat him". It is presumed that after that, she left Sid alone. Sylvia had red-colorer fur, red, untidy hair and a small nose.
According to the Ice Age DVD commentaries, the scenes with her were cut because of two reasons. The first reason was for timing purposes; although the scenes with her were funny, they took up a lot of time and didn't focus on the main plot. The second reason was because of Sid's behavior towards her; considering that the creators of the movie were still experimenting with Sid's personality, they found out that Sid was acting a bit mean towards her during these cut scenes and decided to take them out. Also according to these commentaries, there was an alternate ending to the first movie. After Sid and Manny head south and met up with the other animals (they headed south without Diego because in earlier drafts of the movie Diego died and never came back), Sid matured after losing a friend, and when he saw Sylvia, he was nicer to her, and asked her to be his mate.
Even though she was a cut character, she was cut from the movie fairly late. Most of the sequences with her were completely animated and rendered (and usually when it comes to animated films scenes usually get cut in the storyboard phases). Sylvia was also seen in earlier trailers of the movie as well as early ads and posters.
Fast Tony.
An armadillo living in the days of the Ice Age, Fast Tony was a seller trying to give off items such as reeds and bark to other denizens of the Ice Age so as to escape the world's end, which by chance, he predicted and it came true. Fast Tony would give off products in exchange for whatever the other animals would bring by with the help of his ""assistant"", an insipid glyptodon named Stu. He was notoriously amoral with others, even being criticized by Manny for willing to sell off ""his own mother for a grape"". Fast Tony immediately asked if that was an offer, then pretended he had not thought of it for the benefit of the watching animals.
Stu was more Fast Tony's guinea pig to prove their wares' worth, rather than his actual partner and proved more useful dead than alive, as Fast Tony had taken Stu's shell (as Stu had just been killed by Maelstrom and Cretaceous) and shamelessly tried to pawn it off to other animals as a personal ""mobile home"".
Fast Tony was last seen at the end of "" using Stu's shell as a raft.
His name and the fact that he is a con-man may also be a parody on Fat Tony from "The Simpsons" (who shares similar traits).
Stu.
Stu was a "Glyptodon" who was Fast Tony's partner. He seemed to be disliked by Tony due to his stupid personality. He assisted Fast Tony to warn the valley that the dam of ice would burst and helped to demonstrate Fast Tony's snorkel. After the revelation of the flood was proved to be true, Stu took the test snorkel and used it to swim underwater. Shortly after scaring James, a young anteater, Stu was grabbed and pulled underwater by an unknown attacker. As the other animals begin to leave, Fast Tony returns to the pool to get Stu to come along, but Stu's shell is suddenly spat out of the water by the unknown assailant. Fast Tony, after looking at the shell, sees that it makes a great mobile home and runs off after the other animals to try and unload it on someone. Meanwhile, the unknown attackers turn out to be the marine reptiles Cretaceous and Maelstrom. In the ending after the flood, Fast Tony is discovered to have been using the shell as a boat, but he leaves the shell behind as he no longer needs it. 
The Lone Gunslinger.
The Lone Gunslinger is a "Teratornis".
The Gunslinger acts as the voice that warns the other animals of the dangers coming soon due to the valley where they reside flooding up with water. The Lone Gunslinger only warns them of the danger and little else, rather hoping that one or two of the animals leaving will die, furnishing food for him and the other vultures which he is presumably family and friends with.
As he watches all of the creatures in the valley leave to safety, he makes snide remarks with his friends about it, and this escalades to the point of singing a musical number on how much they plotted to eat the other animals.
The Lone Gunslinger was last shown flying over the "boat" full of escaping animals and making snide remarks.
In the storybook version, he and his fellow vultures were shown to have ended up feasting on Cretaceous and Maelstrom.
Cretaceous.
Cretaceous is an "Metriorhynchus".
Cretaceous is shown in the beginning frozen in a great block of ice that was jarred loose when the wall of ice began crumbling. The ice melted, releasing both him and Maelstrom into the lake which was all but abandoned by most animals. When they made it to the ice lake, the first animal that they had encountered and eaten was Stu the glyptodont, leaving behind only his shell. The two sea reptiles then swam further down the series of rivers where they eventually reached Manny's herd as well as Crash, Eddie, and Ellie. Cretaceous made a great lunge at Manny, but was caught on his tusks, only to be flung far off, hitting a piece of ice and falling back into the water.
Later, when the dam broke, the two reptiles went swimming on the wall of water that was slowly approaching towards the escaping masses and pulled down Manny when he was swimming to save Ellie. Manny devised a plan to rid himself of the two sea reptiles, by having them try to chase him, he tricked them into hitting a log that was wedged under a large rock. The plan worked, freeing Ellie, and the boulder falls on Cretaceous and Maelstrom, killing them.
In the storybook version, The Lone Gunslinger and his fellow vultures were shown to have ended up feasting on Cretaceous and Maelstrom. He, along with Maelstrom, are the main antagonists of the second Ice Age film.
Maelstrom.
Maelstrom is a "Globidens".
Maelstrom is shown in the beginning frozen in a great block of ice that was jarred loose when the wall of ice began crumbling. The ice melted, releasing both Cretaceous and him into the lake which was all but abandoned by most animals. When they made it to the ice lake, the first animal that they had encountered and eaten was Stu the glyptodont, leaving behind only his shell. The two sea reptiles then swam further down the series of rivers where they eventually reached Manny's herd as well as Crash, Eddie, and Ellie. Maelstrom intended to eat Sid but could not catch him, as Sid was already escaping with Diego, and had only just escaped Maelstrom as he broke off a massive chunk of ice where the sloth and saber-tooth had stood only moments before.
Later, when the dam broke, the two reptiles went swimming on the wall of water that was slowly approaching towards the escaping masses and pulled down Manny when he was swimming to save Ellie. Manny devised a plan to rid himself of the two sea reptiles, by having them try to chase him, he tricked them into hitting a log that was wedged under a large rock. The plan worked, freeing Ellie and killing Cretaceous and Maelstrom.
In the storybook version, The Lone Gunslinger and his fellow vultures were shown to have ended up feasting on Cretaceous and Maelstrom. He, along with Cretaceous, are the main antagonists of the second Ice Age film.
Piranhas.
The number of pirhana resided in the ice lakes of the waterpark, where they were pursed by flocks of Baptornis and scattered by other animals. The pirhana, however, found potential prey in the form of Scrat that had fall in the lake. The pirhanas bared their teeth and chased Scrat out of the water onto an ice floe, one leaping out of the water and biting him on the paw; this paw was holding his prized acorn. Angry that something had attempted to take his acorn. Scrat seized another pirhana and used it to hit at others, fighting and kicking the fish away, stunning them all. As one attempted to edge back to the water, Scrat stomped on its side, forcing it to release an acorn that is held.
In , a school of pirhana met a baby tyrannosaurus, (one of Momma's babies that had been kidnapped by Sid) and bared their teeth at it. The young tyrannosaur bared his own teeth and frightened the fish off.
Mini Sloths.
A tribe of Mini Sloths are smaller sloths who worship Sid and call him "Fire King". Immediately afterwards, they try to throw him into lava, believing that they can avert the flood by sacrificing him. However, he escapes.
Ashley.
Ashley is a minor beaver character in the second film. In her appearance, she treats Sid like a piñata and appears to be a ringleader among the kids.
"".
Scratte.
Scratte (pronounced "Scrat-tay") is a seductive female saber-toothed flying squirrel that makes her debut in "". She is seen in the second trailer with Scrat battling with her for the acorn by propelling themselves down a gorge to reach the fallen acorn, and succeeding. Scratte is also seen as a love interest for Scrat.
Scratte's personality traits have been shown to be flirtatious, feisty, and intelligent. She is equally determined in catching the acorn and uses her feminine wiles to her advantage. She doesn't, however, seem to be nearly as obsessed with acorns as her male counterpart, as she was shown trying to destroy the acorn at the end of the film out of jealousy. Scratte will often injure and manipulate Scrat in the process of retrieving it. (However, her attraction to him is implied).
In the fourth movie, Scratte appeared again in a cameo role as a siren only then to be dismissed by a disinterested Scrat. Furthermore in the fourth film, tons of her species live on Scratlantis.
Buck.
Buck (weasel)(short for Buckminster, and long for Buh) is a weasel that makes an appearance in "" . He is missing his right eye and wears a leaf as an impromptu eyepatch, as well as having a scar on one of his ears and seems slightly insane (he claims that he woke up one day, married to an ugly pineapple, but he still loved "her", and Manny calls him a "deranged hermit"). According to the official website, Buck is one-eyed and relentless in his hunting for dinosaurs. Buck's archenemy is a large albino "Baryonyx" he calls Rudy, who gouged out Buck's eye and whose tooth he later sharpened into a knife that he carries with him. Buck claims to have sadly been killed by Rudy, but he lived. In fact, Buck is the only inhabitant of the dinosaurs' world who does not fear Rudy in the slightest, though he possesses a deep respect for him. Due to living underground for so long, he has an extensive knowledge of the dangers of the dinosaur world.
Buck first meets Manny, Crash, Eddie, Diego, and Ellie (who he at one point refers to as "preggers") after they descend into the jungle in pursuit of Sid and Momma, and saves them from a dinosaur attack. He has been living in the jungle for quite some time, persistently hunting Rudy to avenge the loss of his eye, and agrees to lead them to Lava Falls, where Momma has taken Sid, and rescues him after taking control of a "Harpactognathus".
After Rudy's potential death, Buck, having lost his purpose in life, decides to join the herd and live on the surface. Upon hearing a distant familiar roar that tells him that Rudy survived the fall, he chooses to stay and causes a cave-in that seals off the path between the surface and the underground jungle, trapping him inside and everyone else on the surface. He and Rudy proceed to continue their battle.
Buck and Rudy make brief cameos in "Scrat's Continental Crack-up" and "" when Scrat falls through the Earth and passes them.
Momma.
Momma was a female "Tyrannosaurus". She took Sid from his herd when he took her eggs from her. She brings Sid to Lava Falls and the two compete to see who can care for her babies better. Sid loses, but is allowed to stay. However, they are separated later and Sid is attacked by Rudy. She is also called Momzilla by Sid.
Momma later returns when Manny, Ellie, Diego, Sid, Crash, Eddie, and Buck are under attack by Rudy and knocks Rudy off a cliff to his apparent death proceeding to bid Sid farewell.
Rudy.
Rudy was a gigantic albino "Baryonyx" who is feared by all the creatures in the valley except Buck and Momma Tyrannosaur. When Buck first arrived in the jungle, he was attacked by Rudy, who scratched him in the right eye, thus poking it out, and very nearly devoured him, but Buck escaped, knocking out one of Rudy's teeth in the process. Rudy appears to have held a grudge ever since, especially since the impact left behind a crack in his mouth which prevented any new teeth from growing. (Note: Rudy is constantly mistaken for a "Spinosaurus", and although he has features of both species, the filmmakers have directly stated he is a "Baryonyx".) Rudy first appears when he attacks Sid and chases him onto a rock floating over Lava Falls, and later attacks Sid and company full force as they are about to exit the jungle. The group quickly proves to be no match for the "Baryonyx", but are saved by Momma, who knocks him off of a cliff. Rudy survives, however, and he and Buck continue their eternal war. Rudy is last seen roaring in frustration as Buck is riding on top of the massive dinosaur laughing, as Rudy runs through the jungle.
Buck and Rudy made a brief cameo in the following film "".
Johnny.
Johnny is a young Aardvark who is swallowed whole and alive by Egbert. Johnny's mother demands that Sid, currently posing as the young dinosaurs' father/mother figure, order the dinosaur to return her son. Johnny was not found just then; instead a young "Gastornis", named Madison, is brought up. But then Manny and Ellie come by. Egbert got scared, and immediately regurgitated Johnny. His mother promptly drags him off. He is referred to by Sid and his mother as "Little Johnny".
Egbert, Yoko, and Shelly.
The baby dinos are three baby Tyrannosaurus from '. There are two boys (Egbert and Yoko), and one girl (Shelly). Sid took them away from their mother, but she came searching for them and took Sid away with them, then she later became friends with Sid at the end of the movie. They are very friendly dinosaurs, but due to being carnivores, they go too far in playing with other animals which eventually winds up with one of them eating a couple of the kids. Despite knowing that Sid isn't their real father, they still loved and care for him to a point of protecting him from their angry mother.
Roger.
Roger is a "Harpactognathus" who was used by Buck, alongside with Crash and Eddie, to go to the Lava Falls to rescue Sid from Rudy. During the attempt, they were attacked by a flock of "Cearadactylus", but they managed to evade them and save Sid in time. After returning to the Plates of Woe, the pterosaur flew away after Buck asked it if it had ever thought of settling down and starting a family. Roger's gender is somewhat unspecified, for the video game adaption refers to it as a female.
Other Dinosaurs.
Other dinosaurs include "Ankylosaurus", "Brachiosaurus", "Kentrosaurus", "Iguanodon", "Troodon", "Pachycephalosaurus", "Triceratops", "Archaeopteryx", "Dilophosaurus" (in the video game only), "Guanlong" and the pterosaurs "Harpactognathus" and "Cearadactylus" (the filmmakers refer to them as "Pterodactyl" and "Pterosaur" respectively).
Captain Gutt.
Gutt is a "Gigantopithecus". He is a self-styled master and pirate captain of the high seas. His name is not based on his stomach but rather due to the long sharpened fingernails that he uses to "gut" his enemies with. He captures Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat and Granny and attempts to make them part of his crew. His friendly demeanor when offering the herd a new life quickly vanishes when Manny refuses so he decides to throw the mammoth and his friends overboard, and he furiously vows to get revenge on them when they destroy his ship and bounty in their escape. Gutt enslaves a population of hyraxes to build a new ship for him, and strips Shira of her rank as first mate when she reveals she did not attack Manny and gives her position to Squint. When the hyraxes appear to do battle apparently backed up by Manny, Gutt leads his crew to battle, only for the hyraxes to be revealed as a distraction while Manny steals his new ship. Enraged, Gutt quickly forges a new ship out of a wall of ice, propelled by his legion of narwhals. Gutt ultimately beats Manny to his home, and takes Ellie, Peaches, and the other animals hostage. Manny turns himself in to free his wife and daughter, but Gutt goes back on his deal, and prepares to kill the family to destroy everything Manny has, as he claims Manny did to him. However, the timely arrival of Louis, Peaches' friend, sparks a fierce battle between the pirates and Manny's herd. Gutt is about to fight Manny with Raz to defeat the mammoth, but Diego fights the ape himself to give Manny a better chance of winning against Raz. Gutt is well at fighting; he chases Diego up a tree on the herd's ship and knocks the saber down with the herd. Gutt has the herd cornered, but his pirates are defeated by Granny's pet whale Precious. Gutt is swift enough to dodge the blasts while Squint, Raz, Flynn, Dobson, Silas and Gupta are washed and knocked onto the side of their ship and into the sea,and the ape leaps away, now not caring for his crew. He is about to kill Ellie when Peaches knocks him onto the back of the ice. But Gutt's fury keeps him going, and leaps at Manny and refuses to let Manny return to his family. A landform rises and catapults an iceberg the two are standing on and he engages in a final battle with Manny. Gutt uses two swords while Manny uses his tusks. Gutt says the sea isn't big enough for the two giants and swings his sword at Manny, barely missing his eye. Manny charges into Gutt, knocking him down, but the ape claws at the mammoth's feet. Then seizing a firm grip, Gutt is strong enough to push the mammoth off him. Manny charges again, but Gutt jumps onto a vine and swings on several others to catch up with the floe and lands there eventually and continues the fight. Gutt pushes Manny onto the front of the floe and takes a log to finish him off, but Manny jumps onto the very back, acting like a seesaw, sending the ape flying forward. Manny catches the log and hits Gutt so hard with so much force he is sent flying rather far away out of sight. He lands in a cave river and cant swim, so he grabs a piece of ice to float on the water with, but notices fins sticking out of the water close to them where he encounters a seductive female of his species. Unfortunately, the female is a siren, and it pulls Gutt into the shell, all that can be heard are crunching sounds and Gutt's screams as he is eaten.
Jeremy Renner who is filming "The Bourne Legacy" was originally set to voice the character, but was replaced by Peter Dinklage. Captain Gutt was initially written as a bear, but designer Peter DeSève had a hard time designing an ursine villain, thus suggesting that he be made a primate which was thought of as more versatile.
Flynn.
Flynn is an elephant seal who makes his first appearance in Scrat's Continental Crack-up - Part 2. Flynn is a 4,000-pound English elephant seal (although in the movie, Flynn appears to be just as big or bigger than Manny, who is considered to be 22,000 pounds) whose lack of intelligence is the source of comic relief throughout the film. When the pirates first encounter Manny's herd, Flynn inadvertently gives them directions to return to the continent, to Gutt's exasperation. The seal then joined the attack on the herd, squashing Sid underneath his bulk. Flynn likes to eat fruit and he calls the song titled "Master of the Seas" a sea shanty. When Manny's herd destroys the ship leaving the pirates to drift at sea, Flynn initially panics at the prospect of drowning, but is reminded by an annoyed Gutt that being a sea creature, he can swim. Flynn worries about Shira when all pirates minus her are present, but Gutt leaves her for dead, and Flynn propels the pirates to land aboard a small raft made of ice.
In the final battle, Flynn and Gupta corner Sid and his Granny, only for the latter to summon her humongous pet whale Precious as back-up, sending the pirates running in fear. Flynn rejoins the battle against Manny, but is defeated when Precious blasts him with water.
Raz.
Raz is a "Procoptodon". The prehistoric Aussie Sheila kangaroo is the crew's resident weapons expert, hiding an arsenal of deadly bone swords in her pouch. She served as the artillery expert on the ship, by using her powerful legs to launch the projectiles at enemies by kicking them, with Dobson's help.
In the final melee against Manny's herd, she battles Manny herself, until she is blasted away by Precious.
Silas.
Silas is a petrel with the feet of a Blue-footed Booby from the south of France, usually scouting out trouble ahead for the pirates. Silas informs Captain Gutt of Manny's herd's presence on the open seas, claiming their raft was a huge bounty ripe for the taking. Silas later attacks Manny personally when the mammoth is escaping the hyrax island, but Manny bats him away with his trunk.
In the final battle, Silas launches Gupta at Manny's face to distract him.
Squint.
Squint is a rabbit. He makes his first appearance in Scrat's Continental Crack-up - Part 2. He is over confident and somewhat psychotic and hates being called adorable, and many times is berated by Gutt and Shira for trying to take authority of the crew. Squint carries a rivalry with Shira, which reaches its climax when Squint becomes Gutt's new first mate after Gutt insults Shira for failing to kill Manny and his herd.
In the final battle, Squint attempts to attack Shira as she is trying to free Ellie, but Shira delays this by mocking Squint of his 'adorable nose', something which agitates him the most allowing Ellie to stomp on him.
Dobson.
Dobson is a prehistoric wild boar, who speaks in growls, oinks, and other pig noises (although he appeared to be singing along with the crew in the "Master of the Seas" musical sequence). He teams up with Raz in firing the cannons, loading them with chunks of ice for Raz to fire with her powerful kangaroo legs, and leaps down onto the heroes's ship and corners Manny alongside her. Dobson later takes part in the final battle, fighting Crash and Eddie rodeo style,and is surprisingly able to charge into Manny and knocking him into the other ship, along with Shira, into a corner. However, just as victory was at hand, Dobson was blasted away with water by Precious along with the rest of the pirate crew.
Gupta.
A Bengali badger, Gupta's fur pattern on his back resembles a skull and crossbones, allowing the crew to use him as their pirate flag. He is shown to be somewhat cowardly, wishing to fly the white colors of his underbelly when the pirate ship was destroyed. In the climax of the film, Gupta initially corners Sid and Granny with Flynn, but is scared off by Granny's pet whale Precious. Gupta later is dropped onto Manny's face by Silas, distracting the mammoth long enough for Dobson to attack him, cornering the herd. However, Gupta and the rest of the shocked crew are blasted away by water from Precious.
Ethan.
Ethan is a teenage woolly mammoth who takes a liking to Peaches, Manny and Ellie's teenage daughter, and becomes her love interest later. He's a thrill loving teenager and is openminded to Peaches being part of his group. He might have even returned her affections. But he is shown to be shallow when he tells Peaches to stop hanging around Louis and implies it would be bad to hang around them. However, when Peaches sees she's hurt her friends feelings and that Ethan and his group don't really use common sense; she decides to leave. Ethan rudely adds its bad enough her family is "half-possum". Peaches becomes angered and leaves them. Ethan, unlike his posse, seems to have some sense as he got the understanding of Peaches' last insults to them and might have felt guilt from hurting her feelings.
After Louis helps save Peaches, Ethan and his group are impressed by his bravery. He calmly asks to hang with him and Peaches, to which Louis kindly accepts.
Steffie.
Steffie is a teenager woolly mammoth who is the first-rate member of the Valley's popular crew, she is the alpha girl. Her friends, Katie and Meghan are always in agreement with her. She will do all that she can to keep any other ladies away from Ethan, which is why she dislikes and insults Peaches so much. She is the sassy leader of the Brat Pack. Although she is rude and unkind, sometimes she can be sweet, especially when she is with Ethan. When Louis and Peaches show their bravery fighting Gutt, she begins to warm up to them. However, it is possible that she only returned respect due to Ethan accepting them.
Katie and Meghan.
Katie and Meghan are teenage woolly mammoths who are one of the first-rate members of the Valley's popular crew. Katie and Meghan are always in agreement with what Steffie said, they seem more like simple followers, doing anything and everything their head honcho, Steffie, does or asks. Katie is likely more important than Meghan for Steffie, as they sometimes leave Meghan alone. Katie plays into the dumb blonde stereotype and is known as the gossip girl of the Brat Pack.
Sid's Family.
Sid gets a surprise with the return of his dysfunctional relatives who ditched him in the first Ice Age - Sid's father Milton, his melodramatic mother Eunice, his brother Marshall, and his hygienically challenged Uncle Fungus, all breeze into the herd just long enough to dump their 80-year-old Granny for Sid to take care of. Whether due to their eccentric behavior or just crazy behavior, the family began leaving the land, believing something was happening. They would be right as the break-up of the Pangaea continent would soon start. Despite how his family abandoned him (more than once), Sid was very enthusiastic to see them and still loved them. Eunice seemed to care for her son as she said she was worried about him when they were "separated". When Sid replies he thought they abandoned him, Marshall replies coldly that they did. Eunice insists they were still worried about him and makes her husband insist they did.
However, when Eunice gets Sid to show Granny around, she quickly shows herself to be as cruel as the rest of his family. As soon as Sid turns away, they leave hastily without looking back in order to evade the moving land mass. Milton adds that Granny was simply "dead weight". Their status afterwards is unknown.
Ariscratle.
Ariscratle is a saber-toothed squirrel that lives on Scratlantis.
His name is a pun on the Greek philosopher Aristotle.
Sirens.
Sirens are a shape-shifting fish-like sea creatures that are hungry for flesh. Sirens usually lay on long rock outcroppings near the ocean where they would try to lure in any creatures that got close by casting images of whatever they found most attractive, be it loved ones, an attractive, potential mate or even items (such as Scrat's prized acorn). Scrat kills the siren when trying to bury it leading the others to pretend to be acorns and chase him. At the end of the film, one lures Captain Gutt over to it by assuming the form of a female Gigantopithecus and the siren pulled him into the shell, presumably devouring him. They are loosely based off the sirens of Greek Mythology.
Precious.
Precious is a 123 foot-long "Livyatan melvillei" with three rows of teeth. Precious was the pet of a ground sloth dubbed Granny, though Granny's family thought her senile for mentioning Precious: indeed, Granny's family, namely Marshall, expressed that she was old and crazy for talking on about her "dead pet". Precious was alive and in the oceans, where the whale grew to an enormous size. Granny, along with her grandson Sid and his friends Manny and Diego, were confronted at cliffs near the ocean by a number of animals that took it upon themselves to be pirates, when Granny called up Precious, who rose up out of the water. Precious then opened her mouth, allowing Granny herself to walk right in, along with Sid, who was disgusted at the smell inside the whale. Later Granny and Sid use her like a submarine to fighting with the Pirates.
Large, even for a whale, Precious was an immense whale and the beloved pet of Granny, who was always seen throwing food into the ocean when she was near it, so that Precious might eat. Precious was loyal to Granny, in so much that Granny could step inside the whale's mouth and commandeer her like a ship.She also has useful blowhole which can deliver a nasty attack to the pirates except Gutt who dodges it. Also she was able to swallow Manny (without eating him) when he going to fall in the sea which is a hint of being overgrown.
Hyraxes.
Hyraxes have only been seen in "Ice Age: Continental Drift".
They are first seen being forced to work as slaves by Captain Gutt, as they are used to load Gutt's treasure onboard and are even used to swab the deck as part of a mop.
Manny, Sid and Diego encounter the hyraxes that didn't get enslaved during a short trek on a deserted island in the jungle. Though somewhat wary of the visitors, the hyraxes quickly warm up to The Sub-Zero Heroes. Manny feels that, if the hyraxes helped them out, they could defeat the pirates; unfortunately, the hyraxes are unable to comprehend common English (though they can speak some) and, because of this, they think that Manny is asking for food. Eventually, Sid is able to (through the use of body language and some weird sounds) get through them with the idea that a team-up is necessary if the other hyraxes are to be freed and the pirates are to be trumped, much to the surprise of Manny and Diego (who is completely shocked of the idea that the hyraxes can only understand body language and weird sounds). The lead hyrax (easily distinguished by his bushy eyebrows, lighter fur coloration, and lower voice tone), who hates Gutt with a passion, rallies his forces and, upon application of war paint, decides to help the herd out, much to the herd's delight.
During the attack on the pirates, the lead hyrax spearheads a cavalry attack (followed by a dive bombing rescue), which turns out to be a diversion used to trick the pirates into leaving the slave hyraxes and their ship unguarded while the herd frees the captives and takes the ship. The enslaved hyraxes take an immense liking to Diego after he frees them, as they cling to him to the point where the sabertooth is wearing an entire coat of them.
As the heroes make their escape on Gutt's new ship, the Hyraxes fashion small ice boats, which they use to sail away from Gutt's tyranny to a new home in South America, taunting the pirates as they leave.
The hyraxes are last seen in South America, where they have made a new home and have even carved a hyrax life-size replica of the Statue of Liberty, welcoming the other animals with open arms.
Pirate rats(Pi-rats).
A number of rats made their homes on the "ship" of Captain Gutt, actually a giant iceberg carved into a seaworthy vessel with Gutt at its helm and a number of other animals as its crew. The rats subsided more or less well off with Gutt on board, though one of them suffered Gutt's annoyance when it was caught mocking his apish movements and thus picked up by the ape and flung off the ship.
Later, once a number of seaborne mammals accidentally broke down Gutt's vessel, the rats abandoned ship, escaping into the waters below, with at least one pushed out forcefully by Scrat, another mammal taken hostage by Gutt.
Giant crab.
The giant crab is a minor character in the fourth film. The Giant crab was seen on board Manny, Diego and Sid's "ship" during a storm. It climbed on it and roared. Sid, commenting on its size (also a gag) said - "Holy Crab!" (though it sounded like he said "Holy Crap!") After trying to escape, Sid was trapped on the edge of the floating land, before attacking, the crab noticed a giant wave heading towards them, Sid, noticing it too, clutched onto the crab's leg in a terrified trance. As soon as the wave was gone, Sid tried to thank the Giant Crab for saving his life, but was horrified to see only its leg remaining and the rest of the body gone, the leg was blown away again by strong winds.
Characters who make their debut in "".
"" is a holiday special that aired in 2011 on FOX and was then released to DVD and Blu-ray.
Prancer.
Prancer is a reindeer character in the special.
Santa Claus.
Santa Claus is a character in the special.
Mini-Sloths.
The mini sloths are characters in the special as elves.
Scrat's Family.
Simon Squirrel.
Simon is the father of Scrat and Scarlett and the husband of Sally.
Sally Squirrel.
Sally Squirrel is the mother of Scrat and Scarlett and the wife of Simon.
Scarlett Squirrel.
Scarlett Squirrel is the daughter of Simon and Sally and Scrat's younger sister.

</doc>
<doc id="9644331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644331" title="Commuter worker">
Commuter worker

Commuter worker is a term used in the United States for residents of Mexico who commute across the Mexico – United States border to work in the United States. The United States Congress has not authorized commuting, but the Supreme Court ruled in the 1970s that the immigration process can be used by Mexicans to obtain jobs in the United States while maintaining residences in Mexico.
A 1992 study by San Diego Dialogue, a research institute at the University of California, San Diego, estimated that there are 40,000 commuter workers in the San Diego area.

</doc>
<doc id="9644350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644350" title="Alcyone (Pleiades)">
Alcyone (Pleiades)

Alcyone (; ) in Greek mythology is the name of one of the Pleiades, daughters of Atlas and Pleione or, more rarely, Aethra. She attracted the attention of the god Poseidon and bore him several children, variously named in the sources: Hyrieus, Lycus, Hyperenor, and Aethusa; Hyperes and Anthas; Glaucus; and Epopeus. There are various etymological interpretations of her name's origin.

</doc>
<doc id="9644351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644351" title="Nissonite">
Nissonite

Nissonite is a very rare copper phosphate mineral with formula: Cu2Mg2(PO4)2(OH)2·5H2O. It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system typically as crusts, tabular crystals, and diamond-shaped crystals. The color is blue-green. It has a light green streak, a Mohs hardness of 2.5 and a specific gravity of 2.73. Cleavage is {100} distinct.
Nissonite was discovered in 1966 and was named after William H. Nisson (1912–1965). It is from Llanada copper mine, near Llanada, San Benito Co., California. 

</doc>
<doc id="9644363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644363" title="Kurnell Stingrays">
Kurnell Stingrays

Kurnell Junior Rugby League Football Club is a junior and senior amateur rugby league football club that was formed in 1991 and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League. The club is based out of Kurnell in Southern Sydney where its headquarters are located.
The Kurnell Stingrays club currently field teams from Under 6 age groups all the way up to A Grade.

</doc>
<doc id="9644388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644388" title="Wolseley Road">
Wolseley Road

Wolseley Road is a road in the Sydney suburb of Point Piper. It is one kilometre long. It starts at New South Head Road and curves around the west side of Point Piper, terminating in a deadend above Lady Martins Beach.
Description.
Wolseley Road is the most expensive residential road/street in Australia and its status stands as Australia's ultimate address, with 16 of the top 100 most expensive houses in Sydney being located on this road.
Property writer Cindy Martin calculated in 2002 that the total value of the properties on the one-kilometre waterfront section of Wolseley Road was worth, in total, A$720 million.
More recently, the Andrew Banks property on Wolseley Road was made an offer of $50 million, which was declined.
Craig-y-Mor, a non-waterfront house on Wolseley Road and Australia's most expensive residential property, was sold in 2008 for $32.4 million. It was previously owned by Rene Rivkin who sold it to businessman Ben Tilley in 2004 for $16.15 million. The house has six bedrooms and a nine-car garage.
Many of Sydney's top businessmen, doctors, barristers and judges reside on Wolseley Road.
Housing styles.
Houses in the area are designed according to the limited availability and price of land, as well as the physical nature of the location. There is considerable variety because every house is unique; in contrast to many Sydney suburbs, there has been no mass development with identical houses. The range of styles goes from Federation Arts and Crafts cottages to multi-storey mansions and some towers of home units.

</doc>
<doc id="9644431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644431" title="Sutherland Loftus United">
Sutherland Loftus United

Sutherland Loftus United Rugby League Football Club is a junior and senior amateur rugby league football club that was formed in 1912 and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League; the junior side of the club was formed in 1963 to coincide with the formation of the CSDJRFL. The club is based out of Sutherland where its headquarters are located and usually draws on the large majority of its junior players from that suburb and the surrounding area of Loftus.
The Sutherland Loftus United club currently field teams from Under 6's age groups all the way up to A Grade.

</doc>
<doc id="9644456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644456" title="Dell IdeaStorm">
Dell IdeaStorm

Dell IdeaStorm is a website launched by Dell on February 16, 2007 to allow Dell "to gauge which ideas are most important and most relevant to" the public.
After registering, users are able to "add" articles, "promote" them, "demote them" and "comment" on them. Articles can also be demoted, and a "vote half life" system is used to stop older ideas which are no longer receiving votes from appearing on the popular ideas page. Dell also modifies the half life vote to prop up ideas which they feel need more exposure, as they did for the poll asking which topics Michael Dell would be more important to cover at the 2007 LinuxWorld conference. As articles are promoted, their score is increased, allowing Dell to rank which suggestions and requests are considered most important by the website's users. A page is maintained to demonstrate how Dell is acting upon the suggestions, the page is only changed when the status of an idea changes to IMPLEMENTED, no information is provided as to which ideas are being acted on till then. The idea process involves much discussion which at time leads to more ideas, yet Dell continues to remove comments (besides comments which are in bad taste) which leads to confusion as the thought process of the comments is left disjointed and nonsensical at times. Voting has come under scrutiny with some members voting with more than one account, which generated the termed "double dippers", Dell has added some measures to help discourage this but is still working on preventing it.
Originally, the most popular suggestions concerned the inclusion of free software and operating systems in a Dell computer system. These suggestions were numerous, but were subsequently merged into a single "article". Due to popular demand, Dell quickly moved to survey customers on their preferred Linux distributions. On May 24, 2007, Dell started selling three computer systems with Ubuntu 7.04 preinstalled. The article requesting Linux systems eventually moved down the list to be replaced by newer ideas, such as a request to sell the Ubuntu systems internationally.
Other popular suggestions include requests for Dell's technical support telephone lines to be based in the USA (and other countries in which Dell computers are sold) and operated by people who speak and understand English well, as opposed to being based outside the USA or operated by foreigners who do not speak and understand English well; and that Dell's website be improved. Various improvements and changes in the style, design, and hardware of Dell's products have also been requested. Current popular suggestions also concern such issues as preinstalled software being optional and reinstallation CDs being provided at no extra cost.
According to Dell Ideastorm's Terms of Services, a posted idea will grant Dell royalty free license to use and implement it without compensation to the originator. Participants should be aware of this before posting any ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="9644472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644472" title="White Crane Films">
White Crane Films

White Crane Films is an independent film production company founded in 1990 in London by filmmakers, Ritu Sarin and Tenzing Sonam. Focusing primarily on Tibet-related subjects, its productions include, "The Reincarnation of Khensur Rinpoche" (1991), "The Trials of Telo Rinpoche" (1993), "A Stranger in My Native Land" (1998), "The Shadow Circus: The CIA in Tibet" (1998), the Tibetan feature film, "Dreaming Lhasa" (2005), and "The Thread of Karma" (2007).
In 2007, Ritu and Tenzing were commissioned by Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary in Vienna to make the single-channel video installation, "Some Questions on the Nature of Your Existence". The video showed at the Mori Art Museum in Tokyo as part of the exhibition, "The Kaleidoscopic Eye: Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary Collection," held from April 5 to July 5, 2009. It was a part of the 2010 Busan Biennale, "Living in Evolution", from 12 September to 20 November 2010.
In March 2009, their feature documentary, "The Dalai Lama: 50 Years After the Fall", was broadcast on France 5 and Nederland 2 (BOS). A personal version of the film was completed in October 2009. That film, "The Sun Behind the Clouds: Tibet's Struggle for Freedom", premiered on 24 October 2009 at the DMZ Korean International Documentary Festival. The music was composed by twice Oscar-winning composer, Gustavo Santaolalla. The film was Executive Produced by Francesca von Habsburg and Lavinia Currier. The film showed at numerous international film festivals, winning several awards, including the Vaclav Havel Award at the One World Film Festival in Prague. 

</doc>
<doc id="9644479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644479" title="Bob Quinn (Australian footballer)">
Bob Quinn (Australian footballer)

Robert Berrima Quinn MM (9 April 1915 – 12 September 2008) was a champion Australian rules footballer with Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and war hero.
Early life.
Quinn was born in Birkenhead, South Australia, the son of Jack Quinn, a leading footballer of the 1890s and 1900s who captained Port Adelaide Football Club in 1904 and 1905 and represented South Australia. Jack Quinn was a Port Adelaide wharf labourer and gave Quinn the middle name "Berrima" in memory of the "SS Berrima", a troop ship that Quinn Snr worked on prior to Bob Quinn's birth.
Quinn was the third of four sons, all of whom were leading footballers of their time: Eldest brother Jack Jnr played for Port Adelaide, second eldest Tom played for Port Adelaide between 1928 and 1930 before his transfer to Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and youngest brother George also played with distinction for Port Adelaide before being killed in action in Egypt in 1942.
Football career.
Quinn made his debut for Port Adelaide in 1933 as a rover and quickly gained a reputation of being one of the leading players in South Australia.
1934.
Quinn impressed observers from early in the season, with one reporting that "Quinn is practically assured of a position in the side as a rover. His displays in both trial games were full of merit.
Port started slowly in the 1934 season, despite a 131 point win over Glenelg Football Club, but improved markedly in the second half of the home and away season, showing a "machine-like" efficiency and winning their last seven games comfortably to finish minor premiers and clear flag favourites.
In the first semi final, Port Adelaide again defeated Glenelg comfortably, this time by 65 points, and had a week's break while Glenelg played Sturt Football Club for the right to play Port in the Grand Final. Glenelg won but Port went into the Grand Final as heavy favourites, with Quinn expected to star.
In the Grand Final, Quinn was prominent from the early stages of the match and was involved in a "battle royale" with Glenelg's star rover Roy Colyer. Although Port Adelaide trailed throughout the match and eventually lost to Glenelg by 21 points, Quinn was close to best on ground, kicking a match high five goals.
1936.
Playing in the 1936 SANFL Grand Final against Sturt Football Club, Port were trailing by five goals at half time but, led by Quinn's "magnificent roving", Port recovered to win by three points. It was Quinn's first senior premiership.
1937.
In 1937, Quinn was runner-up in the Magarey Medal, won the club Best and Fairest and was Port's leading goalkicker with 51 goals in another premiership year. In the Magarey Medal count, Quinn came second behind North Adelaide Football Club's Harold Hawke, polling 36 voyes to Hawke's 37. Generally, the voting Magarey Medal voting is conducted under a 3–2–1 vote system but under a trial, 1937 saw votes awarded under a 5–3–1 system. Had 1937 been conducted under the 3–2–1 system, Quinn would have beaten Hawke 24 votes to 23 to receive what would have been the first of three Magarey Medals.
1938.
In 1938 Quinn was awarded the Magarey Medal for the best player in the SANFL as well as a second Port Best and Fairest award.
Following a match for South Australia against Victoria in Adelaide in early July, Quinn was offered a contract with VFL club Geelong (for which his brother Tom played). Quinn was believed to be prepared to accept the offer if the VFL dropped its residency rule where interstate players were required to stand out of football for twelve months before being allowed to play in the VFL. 
Later in the year, Quinn was reported to have changed his preference of VFL clubs to St Kilda, and was quoted as saying he had "definitely decided to go to Victoria" and that Port Adelaide had agreed not to oppose his transfer.
1939.
Elevated to captain-coach in 1939, Quinn led Port to a premiership in his first year as coach. It was his third as a player.
The start of World War II led many of his leading players to quit football to enlist in the Armed Forces.
War service.
Quinn enlisted in the Australian Army in June 1940 as a Warrant Officer Class 2 (while still serving as captain-coach) and was shipped out to fight in the North African campaign. Showing the same fearlessness that he displayed in football, Warrant Officer Quinn was awarded the Military Medal for bravery at the Siege of Tobruk, when, on 3 August 1941, Quinn took command of the 10th platoon and defied German troops, ignoring the wounds he received during the battle.
Promoted to Lieutenant, Quinn was transferred to the Pacific, and in September 1943 severely injured his knee, arm and face in New Guinea. It was feared that due to these injuries he may never play again. When he did return to football, Quinn wore a leather strap on his arm to protect it.
Return to football.
1944.
Despite his injuries, Quinn returned to Australia and resumed his footballing career, debuting playing 12 games and kicking 28 goals for a combined Port Adelaide/West Torrens side in a reduced SANFL competition due to the war. His return match was the first round of the 1944 season, where Port Adelaide/West Torrens played 1943 premiers North/Norwood at the Adelaide Oval. Quinn was given a standing ovation from the crowd. 
Quinn's injuries and years away from competition meant he was a slower player than in his pre-war career and was forced to change his playing style, running with the ball less and increased his use of handball.
Playing in the second semifinal against Sturt/South Adelaide at Adelaide Oval, Quinn was a leading player when, early in the third quarter, he took a mark and fell heavily, breaking his arm, wrenching his left thumb and badly bruising his hip but still played out the match. There was particular concern about Quinn's broken arm, as the break was just below a severe wound he received in New Guinea.
1945.
The 1945 SANFL season returned to an eight club competition with all clubs competing in their own right and Quinn showed that he lost nothing of his skill and determination, winning a second Magarey Medal with 45 votes, 17 ahead of second place Doug Olds of Norwood Football Club. Additionally, Quinn won a third club Best and Fairest and a second club Leading Goalkicking award, with his 51 goals equalling his 1937 return for most goals in a season. 1945 also saw Haydn Bunton, Sr., one of the greatest Australian rules players of all time, join Port Adelaide for his final season of football. Quinn and Bunton regularly combined during the season to show off their superior skills to the admiring crowds.
1947.
Quinn won a fourth Port Best and Fairest in 1947, his final season. On his retirement, Quinn had played 186 games for Port Adelaide, kicking 386 goals, plus a further 15 games and 26 goals for South Australia (which he captained from 1945–47). 
(Quinn was) "beautifully balanced, a two sided player with great courage, a splendid ground player with a 'daisy cutter' stab pass that made him a legend."
Post-footballing life.
Quinn originally planned to continue as non-playing coach of Port Adelaide but announced his resignation as coach in late March 1948, deciding instead to move to Kadina in South Australia's Yorke Peninsula to become the proprieter of the local hotel and coach local football teams. 
Quinn's involvement with local teams led to his appointment as coach of the Yorke Peninsula Football Association in 1950 and South Australia at the 1953 Adelaide Carnival. Additionally, Quinn played the occasional charity match and in 1950 was forced to take the field for Yorke Peninsula in a match against Yorke Valley Association when his team was a player short. Quinn lasted five minutes before fracturing his pelvis after colliding heavily with an opponent and was forced to spend several weeks in hospital recovering. 
Quinn also became a newspaper columnist for Adelaide newspaper "The Advertiser" and was a guest tipster for rival newspaper "The News". 
Quinn also bought racehorses and had his first win as an owner in April 1954 when 14-1 Baluarte won at Murray Bridge. 
Later in life, Quinn returned to Adelaide and bought the Southwark Hotel, serving as publican there for many years. 
In 2008 Quinn died after a long illness at age 93, preceded by his wife May in 1995. He was survived by four children, eight grandchildren and twelve great-grandchildren.
Tributes.
Quinn was made a life member of the Port Adelaide Football Club in 1944, joint number one ticket holder at Port Adelaide Football Club in 1997, a member of the Port Adelaide Football Club Hall of Fame in 1998, a life member of the SANFL in 2002 and a member of the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996. In addition, when the new Alberton Oval grandstand was built in 1972, it was named the RB Quinn Stand in his honour, as is the Bob Quinn medal, first awarded in 2002 to the best player on ground at the annual SANFL ANZAC Day match. 
Following Quinn's death, fellow Port player and coach John Cahill praised his courage and charisma; "he had a presence, and for someone that achieved so much on and off the field he was so humble and quietly spoken".
Family.
Quinn's wife May represented South Australia in netball while Quinn's son Robert Jnr, played league football for Port Adelaide and South Adelaide Football Club, and son Greg played reserves for Port Adelaide and Adelaide grade cricket as a wicketkeeper. 
Quinn's brother-in-law Charlie "Chilla" Walker was a leading South Australian cricketer.
The South Australian Cricket Association's annual trophy for the best wicketkeeper in the Adelaide grade competition is named after Walker. Greg Quinn won it seven times.

</doc>
<doc id="9644500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644500" title="Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005">
Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005

The Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 (officially listed as "The Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 S.I. 2005 No. 1541") is a statutory instrument, applicable only in England and Wales. The Order places the responsibility on individuals within an organisation to carry out risk assessments to identify, manage and reduce the risk of fire. The Order was made into law on 7 June 2005 and came into force on 1 October 2006.
Guidance for Businesses and Organisation is available in the form of 16 Government Published documents, with general guidance, a 5-Step Checklist and 12 documents pertaining specifically to a particular type of business premises. It does not normally apply to domestic premises.
Guides.
The guides available are

</doc>
<doc id="9644506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644506" title="Nash &amp; Thomson">
Nash &amp; Thomson

Nash & Thompson was a British engineering firm that specialised in the production of hydraulically operated gun turrets for aircraft. The company was also an important manufacturer of hydraulic-powered radar scanners, used on radar systems such as H2S and AI Mark VIII.
History.
Nash & Thompson was established in 1929 at Kingston upon Thames by business partners Archibald Frazer-Nash and E. Grattan Thompson and registered as a limited company in 1936. The company was formed to develop the turrets that Frazer-Nash had originated at his automotive firm, Frazer Nash, and the designs were consequently numbered in a series prefixed with "FN".
The company's major competition in the UK was from Boulton & Paul, which had licensed the designs of the French company S.A.M.M. (Societe d'Application des Machines Motrices). While the FN turrets used hydraulic power produced by the aircraft's engine, the BP designs used individual hydraulic pumps for each turret supplied from the aircraft's 24 volt electrical system.
Products.
Nash & Thompson built a wide range of turrets for aircraft. All were powered hydraulically and carried 0.303 inch (7.7 mm) Vickers K or Browning machine guns, except where noted. Many were built by Parnall Aircraft which took over their patents, patent rights, designs and contracts in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="9644519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644519" title="Making Things with Light">
Making Things with Light

Making Things with Light is the third album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1990 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first album to include bass player Aaron Rubin, replacing former bassist Byron Stomatos. The album's title refers to its cover art, which shows the four band members depicted using a Lite-Brite toy.
The album was compiled from several recording sessions the band had conducted over a two-year period, including a demo tape they had recorded in October 1989 and a studio session in June 1990. The CD version of the album includes numerous bonus tracks from three live performances, as well as a cover of the Shonen Knife song "Flying Jelly Attack" that had originally been released on the compilation "Every Band Has a Shonen Knife Who Loves Them".

</doc>
<doc id="9644538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644538" title="Guild of St Raphael">
Guild of St Raphael

The Guild of St Raphael, founded in 1915, is a Christian organisation dedicated to promoting, supporting and practicing Christ's ministry of healing as an integral part of the life and worship of the Church. Originating from within the Anglican Communion, it has expanded to include members from other Churches and is now ecumenical in outlook. It is also international in scope with over one hundred branches throughout the world. The Guild takes its name from the Book of Tobit, where Saint Raphael is the angel who helps Tobias find his way. 
Origins and History.
Some internet sources [http://www.kheper.net/topics/Hermeticism/Felkin.html] place the founding of the Guild by some of the members of the Stella Matutina, including Robert Felkin. There is little documentary evidence available to support this assertion outside of the book by Francis X. King, (1989), and he asserts that the Guild rapidly became completely separate from any of the practices of Stella Matutina. The available evidence suggests it never was connected.
Recent minutes (published in "Chrism", 2006) show that the driving personalities behind the foundation of the Guild in 1915 were a Miss Caroline Biggs, recorded as Secretary of the newly formed Guild, with the Reverend Canon R. P. Roseveare of St Paul's Deptford, recorded as its first Warden. 
By 1920, under Canon Roseveare's Wardenship, the fourth Annual Report gives the membership as 19 priest members, 26 priest associates, 2 lay members and 248 lay associates. The Guild had already penetrated into Africa, Canada, New Zealand, India and China.
A letter to the Times, published in 1933 by Bishop W.W. Hough, Warden of the Guild, notes that "The movement has grown. There are now over 2,000 lay members, and 300 priest members who are practicing spiritual healing in most of the dioceses in the land."
Works.
Its main emphasis is on the actual practice of the healing ministry through its local branches, and this is where its strength lies. Its members observe a simple rule of prayer, study and work for this ministry. Their aim is always to promote Christ's ministry of healing - looking not just for physical healing, but for the healing of the whole person.
The Guild looks too for the healing of communities and of God's creation itself - taking into account those many social and political factors which cause 'dis-ease' in our broken and divided world.
Prayer for healing is at the heart of the Guild's work, as are the sacraments of healing - anointing and the sacramental act of the laying on of hands. But members make use of other healing actions as well - the ministry of listening and silence, counselling, informal liturgies and simple symbolic actions. The Guild has in the past gained a high profile for its study and recognition of exorcism. In 1960, the Rev. Henry Cooper, Chaplain to the Guild, argued that successful exorcists are people who know something about psychiatry and work well with doctors. They resort to bell, book and candle only when psychiatrists have given up [http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,869837,00.html].
The Guild also engages in extensive theological education and research. In particular through its periodical, "Chrism", mentioned below.
In this and in all its activities the Guild has always stood for the closest co-operation with members of the medical profession and others engaged in the work of healing.
Periodical.
The Guild publishes a half-yearly periodical, "Chrism", in which it endeavours to explore different aspects of the healing scene. Past editions have dealt with diverse topics such as Children and Healing, Touch in a Fearful Society, Animals and Healing, A Theology of Health for Today, M.E. (Chronic Fatigue Syndrome), Dementia, Genetic Engineering and Healing, Alcohol and Substance Abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="9644551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644551" title="Yarrawarrah Tigers">
Yarrawarrah Tigers

The Yarrawarrah Tigers Rugby League Football Club is a junior and senior amateur rugby league football club that is based in the Sydney suburb of Yarrawarrah and competes in the Cronulla-Sutherland District Rugby Football League.
The Yarrawarrah Tigers club currently field teams from the under 6 year age groups up to 17 year olds.
Notable players.
Notable First Grade Players that have played at Yarrawarrah Tigers include:

</doc>
<doc id="9644627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644627" title="Dear Diary (1996 film)">
Dear Diary (1996 film)

Dear Diary was a failed TV pilot, starring Bebe Neuwirth, written and directed by David Frankel and produced by Frankel and Barry Jossen for the new film studio DreamWorks. It was put into limited theatrical release in 1996, and went on to win an Oscar for Live Action Short Film at the 69th Academy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9644634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644634" title="Japan National Route 207">
Japan National Route 207


</doc>
<doc id="9644643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644643" title="Jesse Itzler">
Jesse Itzler

Jesse Itzler is a self-made entrepreneur, philanthropist, former rapper and endurance athlete. In 2008, Itzler was named in the "Crain's New York Business" "40 Under Forty" list of successful entrepreneurs, ESPN's People To Watch, and POV Magazine. He is the Co-Founder of Marquis Jet, 100 Mile Group, a partner in Zico Coconut Water, and ran 100 miles for charity. Mr. Itzler also played on the U.S. Masters Basketball Team in the 2009 Maccabiah Games.
Early life and education.
He was born in Roslyn, New York in 1971. He is the son of Daniel Itzler, an inventor, and Elese Itzler, the president of the Roslyn Board of Education. Itzler obtained a major in justice, law, and society and earned his B.A. in 1990 from American University.
Musical career.
Using the pseudonym "Jesse Jaymes", in 1991 Itzler released his debut album "Thirty Footer in Your Face" on the Delicious Vinyl label. He is a self-described "frat-rap" artist. He also co-wrote songs for Tone Lōc and numerous other artists. His first single "Shake It Like A White Girl" reached as high as 74 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1991 and was featured in the soundtrack of the 2004 movie "White Chicks". The song sampled "I'm Your Boogie Man" by KC & The Sunshine Band. He also wrote the frat-rap anthem "College Girls", of which a music video was produced, and distributed. At the age of 22 he wrote and sang the New York Knicks theme song "Go NY Go" and wrote original songs for more than 50 other pro teams. He also wrote the Emmy Award-winning song "I Love This Game" for the NBA. Itzler co-founded Alphabet City Sports Records with his friend Kenny Dichter, and later sold it to SFX Entertainment.
Singles.
College Girls (Are Easy).
"College Girls", also known as "College Girls Are Easy", is one of two singles released by Itzler under the stage name Jesse Jaymes, along with "Shake It (Like a White Girl)". "College Girls" is the eighth track on the album "Thirty Footer in Your Face", which was released in 1992 by the independent record label Delicious Vinyl. Jesse Jaymes is a self described "frat-rapper".
Entrepreneurship.
In 2001, Itzler teamed up with his friend Kenny Dichter again and co-founded the company Marquis Jet, which leases private jets on a 25-hour basis. As of February 2011, he remains Vice Chairman of Marquis. He also co-founded Alphabet City Sports Records with Dichter. The company was known for mixing classic arena songs with highlights of historical play-by-play calls for many professional sports teams.
Itzler is the co-founder of Sheets energy strips, a dissolvable energy-supplement brand that has made a splash in recent months with its "I Take a Sheet" advertising campaign. He counts LeBron James among his co-founders and vocal artists Drake (entertainer) and Pitbull (entertainer) among his partners.
Philanthropy.
In 2006, Itzler ran 100 miles non-stop for charity. He founded "The 100 Mile Man Foundation", which has raised over $3 million to date for a variety of charitable causes including a new Collel Chabad children's kindergarten in Rishon LeZion, Israel. Most recently the foundation hosted the "City to the Sand" 100 mile bike ride from New York City to The Hamptons. The event raised over $1 million for a variety of charities and inner-city kids. He served on the executive committee of Maccabi USA, dedicated to introducing American Jewish youth to their heritage by sponsoring sports-related programs and sponsors the United States Team to the World Maccabiah Games.
Personal life.
In 2008, Itzler married Sara Blakely, the founder of Spanx undergarment company.
References.
http://www.forbes.com/sites/natalierobehmed/2014/01/14/how-to-pitch-successfully-from-rapper-turned-entrepreneur-jesse-itzler/

</doc>
<doc id="9644681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644681" title="Geometric programming">
Geometric programming

A geometric program (GP) is an optimization problem of the form
In the context of geometric programming (unlike all other disciplines), a monomial is defined as a function formula_6 with formula_7 defined as
where formula_9 and formula_10.
GPs have numerous application, such as components sizing in IC design and parameter estimation via logistic regression in statistics. The maximum likelihood estimator in logistic regression is a GP.
Convex form.
Geometric programs are not (in general) convex optimization problems, but they can be transformed to convex problems by a change of variables and a transformation of the objective and constraint functions. In particular, defining formula_11, the monomial formula_12, where formula_13.
Similarly, if formula_14 is the posynomial
formula_15
then formula_16, where formula_17 and formula_18. After the change of variables, a posynomial becomes a sum of exponentials of affine functions.

</doc>
<doc id="9644686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644686" title="Katherine Jashinski">
Katherine Jashinski

Katherine Jashinski (born 1982) was the first female soldier to refuse duty in American military operations following September 11, 2001. Katherine was born in Milwaukee, WI and enlisted in the Army National Guard as a cook (MOS 92G) in April 2002 signing a six year service contract. She cited a desire to experience military life as a primary reason for enlisting in the Army. In June 2004, she applied for discharge as a conscientious objector. The Army denied her claim a year and a half later. In late 2005 she was ordered to weapons training in preparation for deployment to Afghanistan at which time she refused and was brought up on charges. In court on May 23, 2006, Katherine was acquitted of the more serious charge of missing movement by design, but pleaded guilty to refusal to obey a legal order. She received a bad conduct discharge and was sentenced to 120 days confinement, with credit for 53 days already served (at Fort Benning), and 20 days off for good behavior. Katherine was released from custody on July 9, 2006. She graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="9644694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644694" title="Japan National Route 444">
Japan National Route 444


</doc>
<doc id="9644700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644700" title="My Life in France">
My Life in France

My Life in France is an autobiography by Julia Child, published in 2006. It was compiled by Julia Child and Alex Prud'homme, her husband's grandnephew, during the last eight months of her life, and completed and published by Prud'homme following her death in August 2004.
In her own words, it is a book about the things Julia loved most in her life: her husband, France (her "spiritual homeland"), and the "many pleasures of cooking and eating." It is a collection of linked autobiographical stories, mostly focused on the years between 1948 and 1954, recounting in detail the culinary experiences Julia and her husband, Paul Child, enjoyed while living in Paris, Marseilles, and Provence.
The text is accompanied by black-and-white photographs taken by Paul Child, and research for the book was partially done using family letters, datebooks, photographs, sketches, poems and cards.
"My Life in France" provides a detailed chronology of the process through which Julia Child's name, face, and voice became well known to most Americans.
The book also contains an extremely detailed index cataloging every person, place, ingredient, recipe, topic and event discussed.
Summary.
Part 1.
"La Belle France".
Julia's first descriptions and impressions of Paris, France. Julia reminisces about the Childs' search for an apartment in Paris, Paul's job with the USIA, and their exploration of Paris' restaurants. Julia's sister Dorothy's visits.
Julia excitedly describes the "sole meunière" lunch she savored in Rouen the day of their arrival, and which sparked her obsession with French cuisine, her "epiphany".
Le Cordon Bleu.
Julia signs up for cooking classes at the École du Cordon Bleu, and has many disagreements with the school's owner, Madame Brassart, but her cooking improves. Paul says that "All sorts of "délices" are spouting out of [Julia's] finger ends like sparks out of a pinwheel..."
She makes:
The Childs learn that television is sweeping the States, head to England for Christmas, and Julia recounts her and Paul's family histories, and courtship. Julia attempts (and fails) the Cordon Bleu final exam.
Three Hearty Eaters.
Julia is invited into the exclusive women's eating club The Gourmettes, and takes a trip back home to the United States. Julia retakes the exam at the Cordon Bleu, and passes.
Julia meets two fellow Gourmettes, Simone (Simca) Beck Fischbacher and Louisette Bertholle. They form L'École des Trois Gourmandes, a cooking school focusing on French food and classical techniques.
The three Gourmandes meet celebrated gastronome Curnonsky, and Simca and Louisette ask Julia to help them finish a cookbook of French recipes for an American audience. This cookbook eventually becomes "Mastering the Art of French Cooking".
Paul is promoted to Public Affairs Officer in Marseilles, and the Childs leave Paris.
"Bouillabaisse à la Marseillaise".
Julia and Paul adjust to the "hot noise" of Marseille. Julia continues to research recipes for the cookbook, finds American equivalents for French ingredients, and works on finding a new publisher for the project. Paul and Julia attend the Cannes Film Festival, and come up with the idea of illustrating the making of recipes.
Julia and Paul lived in Marseille for a year before Paul is transferred to Germany as Exhibits Officer.
Part 2.
French Recipes for American Cooks.
Julia works long-distance from Germany on the cookbook, researching chicken, geese and duck, and disagrees with Simca over the cookbook's components. Louisette's contributions to the project wane, and she is made a "consultant".
Paul is called home to Washington D.C., and is interrogated during one of McCarthy's investigations for Communists. He is eventually exonerated, and is transferred back to D.C. and promoted.
Julia begins teaching cooking classes to Washington women, and revises and retypes the cookbook manuscript.
Houghton Mifflin finds their manuscript too lengthy, and they agree to prune the book, making the recipes simpler, shorter, and with an emphasis on how to prepare ahead and reheat. However, even their edits prove to be too much for Houghton Mifflin, and they are encouraged to try their manuscript with a different publisher.
Paul is transferred to Norway as the U.S. Cultural Attaché.
"Mastering the Art".
The manuscript, tentatively titled "French Recipes for American Cooks", is shown to Judith Jones, an editor at Alfred A. Knopf, and Knopf makes an offer to publish the cookbook. Some changes in serving sizes, recipe additions, and a new title, "Mastering the Art of French Cooking", are made.
Paul and Julia leave government service and return to the U.S. as civilians, to a home they purchased in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Julia and Simca proofread, edit, and argue over the soon-to-be-published manuscript. Once published, the cookbook catches on, and Julia and Simca head on a promotional tour, even doing a segment on the Today show.
Julia does a segment on the show "I've Been Reading" on WGBH, which is met with favorable reviews. This segment leads to The French Chef, Julia's cooking show on WGBH, making her a household name.
Julia and Paul take a trip to France and visit Simca in Provence. They rent a plot of land from Simca and her husband, and build "La Pitchoune/La Peetch," or "The Little Thing", a getaway cabin.
Son of "Mastering".
Julia and Simca work on Volume II of "Mastering the Art of French Cooking", and Julia appears on the cover of Time Magazine in 1966. Julia finds working at "La Pitchoune" extremely productive, and she explores the mystery of baking French bread in the home kitchen. Julia finds working with Simca increasingly frustrating, and actually looks forward to returning to the U.S.
"The French Chef" in France.
Julia and the crew of "The French Chef" set out to do an ambitious series on how French food is actually made and sold in France, believing that the footage "...would prove to be an important historical document..." that would archive many of the artisanal skills that were slowly disappearing. Segments were shot in the marketplace, restaurants, and while visiting the local butcher.
"From Julia Child's Kitchen".
Paul and Julia retire to "La Pitchoune" in 1971. After Simca badly maligns the outcome of Volume II, Julia ends their collaboration, though Simca then goes on to write "Simca's Cuisine". Julia began working on "From Julia Child's Kitchen".
Epilogue.
Paul and Julia move back to Cambridge in 1974 after Paul suffers a heart attack. Julia decides to close up "La Peetch" in 1992, after Paul suffers a series of strokes, and is no longer able to share the home with her.

</doc>
<doc id="9644706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644706" title="All About Adam">
All About Adam

All About Adam can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9644715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644715" title="Canon EOS-1D Mark III">
Canon EOS-1D Mark III

The EOS 1D Mark III is a professional 10.1 megapixel digital single lens reflex camera (DSLR) camera body produced by Canon. The EOS 1D Mark III was announced on February 21, 2007 and is the successor of the Canon EOS-1D Mark II N and was first released in May 2007. In late 2009, the camera was succeeded by the Canon EOS-1D Mark IV.
Features.
The camera's image sensor is a CMOS-based integrated circuit with Bayer filters for RGB color detection (Canon calls it "single-plate", in contrast with three-CCD sensors). It has approximately 10.1 million effective pixels. A non-removable optical anti-aliasing filter is located in front of the image sensor, which also vibrates as part of an anti-dust mechanism (similar to the one used in the entry-level Canon EOS 400D).
The shutter is an electronically controlled focal-plane shutter. Its maximum speed is 1/8,000 of one second. The shutter is operated by an electromagnet.
The Mark III is Canon's first professional Digital SLR to include a Live View feature, usually reserved for point-and-shoot cameras. The image is displayed on an electronic screen instead of in the viewfinder alone.
Awards.
The European Imaging and Sound Association (EISA) named the Canon EOS 1D Mark III the "European Professional Camera of the Year 2007-2008".
Problems.
Issues about Mark III cameras were reported throughout the online photographer communities after the camera's retail launch. These relate to SERVO AF mode, to stripes within the picture, cursor navigation failure, "Err 99" messages and sub par low light focus acquisition performance compared to previous models. Canon investigated a few of these issues, and some are believed to be resolved in firmware release 1.1.1, which was released in September 2007.
Most significant of the issues is the autofocus (AF) issue; under certain conditions, (notably warm, bright, sunny days, conditions under which AF usually operates the best) photographer Rob Galbraith has reported poor AF performance. As of October 17, 2007, Canon technical representatives began stating the widely reported auto focus issue is suspected to be caused by an internal submirror assembly that requires replacement on most Cameras with serial numbers between 501001 and 546561 This correction has been made in production models dating to sometime shortly before the announcement of the fix.
As of August 2008, some reviewers have continued to note some level of remaining problems with AF both in the EOS-1D Mark III and EOS-1Ds Mark III even after the hardware and firmware fixes noted by Canon.
On March 3, 2009, Canon announced new firmware and a free AF recalibration for the 1D Mark III. Initial reports from owners who have received their camera back from the AF recalibration seem to be largely positive, although there are still some mixed results.
Firmware.
This latest firmware available for the EOS-1D Mark III is version 1.3.2. The latest upgrades to the firmware for the Canon EOS-1D Mark III can be found on Canon's firmware download page.

</doc>
<doc id="9644720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644720" title="Sarv">
Sarv

Sarv () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9644721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644721" title="Posynomial">
Posynomial

A posynomial, also known as a posinomial in some literature, is a function of the form
where all the coordinates formula_2 and coefficients formula_3 are positive real numbers, and the exponents formula_4 are real numbers. Posynomials are closed under addition, multiplication, and nonnegative scaling.
For example, 
is a posynomial. 
Posynomials are not the same as polynomials in several independent variables. A polynomial's exponents must be non-negative integers, but its independent variables and coefficients can be arbitrary real numbers; on the other hand, a posynomial's exponents can be arbitrary real numbers, but its independent variables and coefficients must be positive real numbers. This terminology was introduced by Richard J. Duffin, Elmor L. Peterson, and Clarence Zener in their seminal book on Geometric programming.

</doc>
<doc id="9644723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644723" title="Jeremy Zuckerman">
Jeremy Zuckerman

Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the TV series "". He studied at Berklee College of Music, Boston, and California Institute of the Arts and has collaborated with musicians such as David Lee Roth.
Music career.
Zuckerman is one half of a music and sound design company in Los Angeles called The Track Team. He started this business with co-founder Benjamin Wynn in 2004, as a result of working on Avatar. In 2010, it was confirmed that Zuckerman and Wynn will be writing the music for ' although they weren't involved in the music production of the 2010 film "The Last Airbender". Together they have also done music for ' (for which he won a Daytime Emmy) and DC Comics shorts. Currently, Zuckerman is scoring "" with Wynn running sound design.
Zuckerman has also written the music for an experimental musical theater adaptation of Orpheus and Euridice.

</doc>
<doc id="9644739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644739" title="Portishead power station">
Portishead power station

Portishead Power Station refers to a series of two coal and oil-fired power stations. They were built in the dock area of Portishead in Somerset, South West England.
The original Portishead power station was built by Bristol Corporation's Electricity Department and it started generating in 1929. It was later expanded and renamed Portishead A Power Station; and Portishead B Power Station opened in the early 1950s. Both power stations were coal-fired; however Portishead B Power Station, as built, had one-third of its boilers oil-fired and two-thirds coal-fired. Both power stations were later converted to fully oil-fired operation.
They closed in the late 1970s and early 1980s respectively. The power station and dock area have since been demolished and cleared. The sites have now been redeveloped: the site of the two power stations is now occupied by housing and the dock has become a marina.
Portishead A power station.
The first Portishead power station was built by Bristol Corporation's Electricity Department, as the Council's earlier power stations, the first at Temple Back, Bristol (opened 1891) and the second at the Feeder Canal, Bristol, became inadequate to meet the demand. Construction work at Portishead Dock started in 1926; and the station began generating electricity in 1929. With the creation of the Central Electricity Board (CEB) in 1926 and the establishment of the 132 kV National Grid, Portishead Power station, when it opened, remained under the day-to-day control of Bristol Corporation; but was also subject to control by the CEB. It supplied power to the national grid; and in 1931 its installed capacity was advertised as being in excess of . In 1937 its original six short chimney stacks were replaced by a high stack.
In 1947, the British Electricity Authority (BEA) was established, with the nationalisation of the UK's electricity supply industry, through the authority of the Electricity Act 1947. The BEA took over the operations of over 600 private power companies and local council electricity power stations to form 14 area boards. Portishead Power Station ceased to be owned by the Bristol Corporation and was now operated by the BEA. Generating capacity at Portishead was increased in 1948 and a second stack was added. By 1949 the station could generate 240 MW of electricity.
After the Second World War, when building work on the new Portishead B Power Station began, the original station was renamed Portishead A.
Portishead B power station.
The BEA started building the Portishead "B" power station in 1949 on part of the site of the Great Western Railway's original Portishead railway station; which was closed on 4 January 1954 and demolished. A replacement railway station was opened some 400 metres nearer the centre of Portishead.
The B power station was built with twelve steam boilers: eight were coal fired and four oil fired. The new power station began generating in 1955; however, in 1954 the British Electricity Authority was replaced by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA). The CEA itself was abolished in 1957 and both power stations came under the control of the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB). They remained under the control of the CEGB until their closure and demolition.
Operations.
The stations took coal from the Somerset coalfield and from the south Wales coalfields. Local Somerset coal was delivered by train along the Portishead branch of the Great Western Railway (GWR). The line had opened on 12 April 1867 as the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway Company; and was extended to the dock on 5 July 1879. After 1966, Lower Writhlington and Kilmersdon pits, in Radstock, were the only remaining pits in the Somerset coalfield; and Portishead power station was their main customer.
Welsh coal was also brought across the Bristol channel from south Wales by a fleet of boats. The Dock Master reported that 2,000 ton (2,000 tonne) per day was imported from South Wales for the A station through Portishead Dock; and that this was expected to increase to about 5,000 ton (5,000 tonne) per day when the B station came into operation.
Condensing water was taken from the Bristol Channel.
Rundown.
The CEGB fully converted the two power stations to burn oil when collieries in the Somerset coalfield closed. The two Radstock pits ceased production in September 1973 and the last train load of coal arrived at the station on 16 November 1973. The price of oil rose steeply in the 1970s (see 1973 oil crisis and 1979 oil crisis) and the two power stations were little used after these events. By this time Hinkley Point A nuclear power station and Hinkley Point B nuclear power station had come into operation, reducing demand for electricity produced from burning coal.
Closure and demolition.
Portishead A Power Station ceased generating electricity on 15 March 1976. By this time its generating capacity had fallen to 96 MW. The first of its two chimneys was demolished in September 1981, followed by the second in August 1982. The B Station closed in 1982. Its two chimneys were demolished in October 1992.
An area between the site of the power stations and Royal Portbury Dock which was used to dump the waste is being turned into a nature reserve known as Portbury Ashlands.

</doc>
<doc id="9644742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644742" title="300D">
300D

300D may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9644753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644753" title="Tim McKay">
Tim McKay

Timothy J. McKay (March 19, 1947 - July 30, 2006) was an environmentalist and executive director of the non-profit Northcoast Environmental Centerin Arcata, California.
McKay was born in Stockton, California and grew up in Benicia, California. He attended Humboldt State University where he served as student body vice-president. 
McKay was instrumental in the 1978 expansion of Redwood National Park and the 2006 acquisition of of new wilderness areas on the North Coast. McKay worked projects for the protection of Northern Spotted Owl, preservation of the Siskiyou Wilderness, developing the Headwaters Forest preserve, opposition to corporate logging, and the Klamath River restoration. 
McKay was posthumously awarded a Resolution of Honor for his lifetime of work from the Humboldt County Board of Supervisors on September 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9644757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644757" title="Haba">
Haba

Haba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9644762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644762" title="Samcheong-dong">
Samcheong-dong

Samcheong-dong is a "dong", neighbourhood of Jongno-gu in Seoul, South Korea. It lies north of Jongno and east of Gyeongbokgung. This hilly neighborhood is characterized by numerous small art galleries, shops, and restaurants. Visitors to the area can see restored hanok, Korean traditional-style houses. The Board of Audit and Inspection of Korea is located here. It is also home to several foreign government offices including the Vietnamese consulate.

</doc>
<doc id="9644790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644790" title="Laura Veccia Vaglieri">
Laura Veccia Vaglieri

Laura Veccia Vaglieri (1893 - 1989) was an Italian orientalist.
A pioneer of Arabic and Islamic studies in Italy, Veccia Vaglieri served as professor at the Naples Eastern University and was the author of books on the historical and institutional analysis of the Arab and Muslim world. Her works include 
and a number of articles on the early Islam. She also contributed several articles to the "Encyclopaedia of Islam".

</doc>
<doc id="9644792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644792" title="Hilbert projection theorem">
Hilbert projection theorem

In mathematics, the Hilbert projection theorem is a famous result of convex analysis that says that for every point formula_1 in a Hilbert space formula_2 and every closed convex formula_3, there exists a unique point formula_4 for which formula_5 is minimized over formula_6. 
This is, in particular, true for any closed subspace formula_7 of formula_2. In that case, a necessary and sufficient condition for formula_9 is that the vector formula_10 be orthogonal to formula_7.
Proof.
Let δ be the distance between "x" and "C", ("y""n") a sequence in "C" such that the distance squared between "x" and "y""n" is below or equal to δ2 + 1/"n". Let "n" and "m" be two integers, then the following equalities are true:
and
We have therefore:
By giving an upper bound to the first two terms of the equality and by noticing that the middle of "y""n" and "y""m" belong to "C" and has therefore a distance greater than or equal to "δ" from "x", one gets :
The last inequality proves that ("y""n") is a Cauchy sequence. Since "C" is complete, the sequence is therefore convergent to a point "y" in "C", whose distance from "x" is minimal.
Let "y"1 and "y"2 be two minimizers. Then:
Since formula_17 belongs to "C", we have formula_18 and therefore
Hence formula_20, which proves unicity.
The condition is sufficient:
Let formula_21 such that formula_22 for all formula_23.
formula_24 which proves that formula_25 is a minimizer.
The condition is necessary:
Let formula_26 be the minimizer. Let formula_23 and formula_28.
is always non-negative. Therefore, formula_30
QED

</doc>
<doc id="9644796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644796" title="Jules-Henri Desfourneaux">
Jules-Henri Desfourneaux

Jules-Henri Desfourneaux (17 December 1877, Bar-le-Duc – 1 October 1951) was the last French executioner to officiate in public. He came from a long line of executioners named Desfourneaux stretching back many hundreds of years
. Like all French executioners since 1792 his method of application of the death penalty was beheading by guillotine.
Desfourneaux was recruited by his predecessor Anatole Deibler and attended his first execution as second assistant in 1909. Following the death of Deibler in 1939 - the latter having died of a heart attack in a Metro station while en route to his 401st execution - he was elected to chief and was in charge of the last public execution in France on June 17, 1939, when he guillotined the five-time murderer Eugène Weidmann.
This execution was also notable as it is one of the few ever filmed, having been shot from a private apartment near the prison.
For reasons unknown, Desfourneaux insisted that Greenwich rather than summertime dawn should be the official hour. This meant that contrary to custom, Weidmann was executed in broad daylight.
This, combined with the public revelry around the jail (cafes were given an all-night licence extension, wine flowed and jazz blared on radios) and the filmed evidence, was largely responsible for the government's decision to hold all future executions behind closed doors.
Desfourneaux was involved in further controversy during World War II when required by the Vichy Government to execute communists and members of the French Resistance, notably Marcel Langer, which led to the resignation of his assistants, André Obrecht, who was his cousin, and the Martin brothers, Georges and Robert. He was also responsible for the first guillotining of women since the late 19th century, including, famously, an abortionist named Marie-Louise Giraud in 1943. He put to death the axe-killer Germaine Godefroy, the last woman executed in France, on April 21, 1949.
Escaping retribution after the war, Desfourneaux increasingly turned to drink, a problem compounded by the suicide of his son. He was rejoined as first assistant in 1945 by Obrecht, who, despite his increasing dislike of Desfourneaux, could see a potential future as chief executioner looming. Further disagreements followed and Obrecht resigned for the second time in 1947.
Desfourneaux continued working until October 1951 when, whilst still in office and almost insane, he died. His eventual successor was Obrecht, who officiated until 1976, one year before the last execution in France; the death penalty was abolished in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9644801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644801" title="Vera Fogwill">
Vera Fogwill

Vera Fogwill (; born 28 November 1972 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film and television actress, film director, and screenplay writer, active in the cinema of Argentina.
She is the daughter of Rodolfo Enrique Fogwill.
Her first film as a director is "Las mantenidas sin sueños" ("Kept and Dreamless") in which Fogwill also plays the leading role, of a drug-addicted mother.
Filmography.
Acting 
Directing
Screenwriter

</doc>
<doc id="9644841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644841" title="HIV/AIDS in Japan">
HIV/AIDS in Japan

HIV/AIDS in Japan has been recognized as a serious health issue in recent years. However, overall awareness amongst the general population of Japan regarding sexually transmitted infections, including HIV/AIDS, remains low.
Case statistics.
News outlets reported in 2006, that the number of new cases reported that year had reached a record high. The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare official figures from 2006 reported that just over half of domestic HIV/AIDS cases were amongst homosexual men, with the remainder transmitted through heterosexual sex, drug abuse, in the womb or via unknown means.
Japan reported 9,953 HIV cases and 4,671 AIDS cases as of August 2008, of which 6,503 HIV and 3,002 AIDS cases were in the Kantō region (which hosts about one third of Japan's population).
In December 2009, the World Health Organization reported the number of HIV cases in Japan to be at least 17,000. This equates to roughly 0.01% of the population of Japan, one of the lowest ratios of reported HIV in the world.
Independent research has suggested that actual infection rates may be much higher, especially amongst the young.
Tainted blood products scandal.
During the 1980s, HIV-tainted blood products were used in Japanese hospitals, particularly for the treatment of hemophiliacs. The estimated figure of hemophiliacs inadvertently infected with HIV through tainted blood is 50%.
In 1989, hemophiliac groups brought up lawsuits against the Ministry of Health and Welfare and several drug companies. Particular controversy centered on centers who continued use of non-heat-treated blood products after heat-treatment methods had been developed to prevent spread of infection.

</doc>
<doc id="9644842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644842" title="Death in Cyprus">
Death in Cyprus

Death in Cyprus (published in 1956) is an M. M. Kaye mystery novel. The story, set on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus, focuses on 21-year-old Amanda Derington who, against her strict uncle Oswin's wishes, decides to have a holiday on the beautiful island. However, whilst on a boat to the island, she witnesses the murder of one of the passengers. But the longer she spends on Cyprus, the more she gets the feeling that she was the intended victim.
Amanda Derington is staying in Egypt with her aunt and uncle; against her guardian's wishes she travels to Cyprus by ferry to see the island. Her aunt arranges for her to stay with an elderly female member of the British expatriate community who turns out to be eccentric, charming and insightful. 
On the ferry Amanda meets Steve for the first time and a murder occurs in which they are both involved. Once on Cyprus Steve and Amanda see a lot of each other despite her thinking him attractive but rude (and knowing he would be completely unacceptable to her guardian) and he saying that her presence was distracting him. Steve appears to be an artist and he can certainly draw but there is some mystery about him. 
Through a series of near death experiences and a couple of misunderstandings, the novel reaches a satisfacotory end with the unmasking of the murderer and the union of Steve and Amanda.

</doc>
<doc id="9644861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9644861" title="2007 Copa Libertadores Second Stage">
2007 Copa Libertadores Second Stage

The Second Stage of the 2007 Copa Libertadores was a group stage.
Format.
Twenty-six teams qualified directly into this round, plus six that advanced from the First Stage. This brings the total number of teams in the Second Stage to 32. The teams were drawn into eight groups of four. The teams in each group will play each other in a double round-robin format, playing the other teams in the group once at home and once away. Teams will be awarded 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss. The following criteria will be used for breaking ties on points:
The top two teams from each group advanced to the Round of 16.

</doc>
