<doc id="9620408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620408" title="Laurence Chisholm Young">
Laurence Chisholm Young

Laurence Chisholm Young (14 July 1905 – 24 December 2000) was an American mathematician known for his contributions to measure theory, the calculus of variations, optimal control theory, and potential theory. He was the son of William Henry Young and Grace Chisholm Young, both prominent mathematicians.
The concept of Young measure is named after him: he also introduced the concept of the generalized curve.

</doc>
<doc id="9620512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620512" title="Love, Saskatchewan">
Love, Saskatchewan

Love is a small village in the province of Saskatchewan, northeast of Prince Albert. 
It is known for its unique name and a special postmark, which is a teddy bear holding a heart.
History.
The village of Love, Saskatchewan got its start in 1934 with the building of a general store by William (Bill) Sears with the assistance of Emery Long. The store was built on the north side of the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks which came through the area in 1929. In 1935 a post office was eatablished in Sear's Store with Mr. Sears as postmaster. 
The first houses were built by Eldon Lamb and Walter and Myrtle Haight and in 1936 Grant and Ray Emery built a general store for Lamb and Earl Johnston who were operating a lumber mill and planer nearby. Since the mill operated all year round, many of the employees built homes (usually little more than shacks) and moved their families to the fledgling community. In the beginning there was no town-site laid out so the homes were built helter‑skelter wherever there was room. 
In 1939 the provincial government offered for sale on the east side of the SW‑16‑52‑15‑W2. Because the homeowners wanted title to their property the Love Development Company was formed to tender a bid on the land. They were successful in their bid of $1200.00 and later that year the town-site was surveyed at a cost of $600.00. Lots were sold at $50.00, $75.00 and $100.00. Anyone who already lived on one of the lots had the option of purchasing it.
In June 1945 the community was granted village status. In July 1945 the first council meeting for the Village of Love was held and it was decided that the village would buy out the Love Development Company and assume all of its assets. 
The village owed its existence to the various lumber mills located in and around its boundaries. The majority of the residents of the village were mill employees and the peak population was approximately 250 souls.
These area lumber mills included Lamb and Johnston, Johnsson Brothers and Ostberg, Bell and Blais, King Brothers, Lamb and Sons Lumber Company, Gunder Thompson and many others. Most of these mills operated at various times throughout the late 1930s, 1940s and into the 1950s until good timber berths became scarce. 
In the early years the village was called Love Siding because of the railroad siding located there and many old-timers still use that term. The siding was provided by the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) for the loading of firewood, pulp, lumber and other forest products. The railroad was also used by the local homesteaders to ship their farm produce to market when the time came that they produced more than could be sold locally.
There are quite a few stories of how the village got its romantic name. The two best known go as follows;
As was previously mentioned Love was a sawmill town and there were many young people in town. One of the railroad workers was heard to remark that every time he came through the town it seemed that the streets were full of young people strolling and holding hands so the community became known as the Siding of Love, or, Love Siding.
In fact the village was named after the conductor of the first train to pass through town. His name was Tom Love.
In its heyday the village was home to 2 general stores, a hotel with a beer parlour (bar), a pool hall, a couple of cafes, an insurance office, a couple of gas stations which included general auto repair and a few other businesses catering to people involved in the lumber industry. 
With the demise of lumbering the village fell on hard times. A United Grain Growers grain elevator had been built in 1947 for the convenience of the farmers in the area. With the building of the large inland grain terminals on the prairies of the Canadian west, the small grain elevators were no longer needed and most, including the one at Love, were demolished. The CPR discontinued service in about 2002 with the closing of the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool elevator at Choiceland.
With farmers no longer coming to town with their grain the last grocery store in Love closed its doors in the late 1990s. Along with the Canada Post outlet, the village has only 3 privately owned business buildings. They are The Love Barn, dealing in antiques and crafts, Jiggers Tavern which started life as the Love Hotel and S&L Service, providing repair services for automobiles and farm machinery.
The population of Love is now below 30 residents but the village is still self‑sustaining. To keep it that way the Love Development Committee was formed and they are working hard to bring in more people and hopefully to provide new business opportunities. The committee's strategy appears to be working as many vacant lots are being sold and new houses are being built.
The village has received some international recognition due to its unique postmark consisting of a teddy bear holding a heart. People from many parts of the world have sent bundles of wedding invitations to the Love post office to be stamped with the romantically oriented post mark and then forwarded to their final destinations.

</doc>
<doc id="9620519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620519" title="Chrysler Pacifica (1999 concept vehicle)">
Chrysler Pacifica (1999 concept vehicle)

The Chrysler Pacifica 1999 concept vehicle, not to be confused with the 2004-2008 Chrysler Pacifica crossover vehicle, was a concept luxury minivan built to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the minivan. The overall design of the Pacifica, based on the NS Platform, was a cross between a minivan and a limousine, with the interior amenities of a private jet. The van was essentially a more luxurious Town & Country (most likely equipped with the 3.8L EGH V6 and AWD), along with an LHS inspired front fascia and a raised roof, which included a skylight and overhead storage bins. It could seat up to six, with four front and rear captain's chairs and fold-out jump seats on each of the rear seats. The 2nd row seats featured power footrests as well. The build quality of the Pacifica appears to be superior to that of the standard Town & Country. Another interesting feature was a golf bag rack in the trunk space that could hold up to four golf bags. The Pacifica minivan was truly a luxurious car, and it and the 2000 Chrysler Citadel concept car, inspired the 2004 crossover vehicle of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="9620533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620533" title="Paul Hughes">
Paul Hughes

Paul Hughes (born 19 April 1976 in Hammersmith) is a retired English footballer who played in midfield.
Hughes began his career with his local side, Chelsea, and started well, scoring on his debut against Derby County with an impressive solo effort. Thereafter, however, his career was stalled by injuries, successive managers' squad rotation policies and the signing of other midfielders like Roberto Di Matteo, Gustavo Poyet and Didier Deschamps.
Over the next three years he only featured in 24 more games for the club, and had loan spells with Stockport County, Crewe Alexandra and Norwich City (where he scored once against Swindon Town). Hughes joined Southampton, then managed by his old Chelsea manager Glenn Hoddle, on a free transfer in the summer of 2000, but left a year later having never played a game for the Saints. Hughes' next club was Luton Town, where he remained until May 2006, making 88 appearances and scoring seven goals for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="9620539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620539" title="Jan Čejvan">
Jan Čejvan

Jan Cejvan (born June 14, 1976 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian figure skater. He is the 1993-2000 Slovenian national champion.
He is an ISU Technical Specialist for Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="9620548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620548" title="Charles Edward Hallé">
Charles Edward Hallé

Charles Edward Hallé (1846–1914), sometimes given as Edward Charles Hallé, was an English painter and gallery manager. 
He was a painter of history scenes, genre scenes, and portraits. He was the son of Sir Charles Halle, the German-born pianist and orchestra conductor, who emigrated to England during the revolution of 1848. His first professors were Richard Doyle and the Carlo Marochetti when he entered the School of the Royal Academy in London. At seventeen years of age he traveled to France and worked with Victor Mottez, a student of Ingres. From France he traveled to Italy. He was attracted to the tradition of Neo-Classicism found in Rome. 
Upon his return to London he exhibited four paintings at the Royal Academy in London in 1866, and then departed for Venice. He studied the techniques of the Venetian Masters and tried to paint in their style. He then returned to England and settled permanently in London. In 1877 with J. Comyns Carr, he assisted Lord Coutts Lindsay in the creation of the Grosvenor Gallery. In 1888 with Burne-Jones, he founded the New Gallery in Regent's Street. He exhibited frequently in these two galleries. His works have been displayed in the museum in Sheffield.
Pre-Raphaelites.
Despite having been born only two years prior to the founding the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, stylistically Hallé was firmly aligned with the aesthetic of that group.
Charles Halle is mentioned very fondly by Isador Duncan in her book titled "My Life' published in 1927, the year of her death. She describes the activities she and Charles enjoyed together in Paris, long strolls, trips to the countryside, gallery tramping and dining. She said, "I danced for him in the forest and he made sketches of me." (see "Americans in Paris: A Literary Anthology", 2004, ISBN 1-931082-56-1 by Adam Gopnik, editor).

</doc>
<doc id="9620554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620554" title="Oxtotitlán">
Oxtotitlán

Oxtotitlán is the name of a natural rock shelter and archaeological site in Chilapa de Álvarez, Mexican state of Guerrero that contains murals linked to the Olmec motifs and iconography. Along with the nearby Juxtlahuaca cave, the Oxtotitlán rock paintings represent the "earliest sophisticated painted art known in Mesoamerica", thus far. Unlike Juxtlahuaca, however, the Oxtotitlán paintings are not deep in a cave system but rather occupy two shallow grottos on a cliff face.
The paintings have been variously dated to perhaps 900 BCE or 800 to 500 BCE. It is not known what group or society painted them. It is also not known how Olmec-influenced art came to be painted hundreds of kilometers (or miles) from the Olmec heartland, although caves are prominent on many Olmec-style monuments, including La Venta Altars 4 and 5.
Description.
The Paintings cover an area of about 200 sq. m. There is restoration work in 10 walls, it is expected to complete scientific investigation and establish the origin of the paints used in the designs.
The best-known samples of Oxtotitlán paintings are those part of the core group. These are two Polychrome murals, one of which represent a sitting character on a mythological Olmec serpent, wearing a mask, according to Grove, could be a representation of an Owl. The other mural of the central group has been severely damaged by time and the environment, making it difficult to identify. Internal murals are monochrome (black and white), or bi-chromos, combining elements of red and black.
Unlike Juxtlahuaca, it is possible that Oxtotitlán contained a housing area, because ceramic materials have been found in the vicinity of the Quiotepec Hill.
Distribution.
The paintings are distributed in three areas with a separate type of painting assigned to each area.
North grotto.
The paintings are smaller, were created using black pigment, and feature animals, humans, and fantastic creatures.
South grotto.
The paintings here, by contrast, are in red and generally feature geometric designs.
Central grotto.
Between the north and south grottos are two large polychrome murals, over the cave entrance.
The Murals.
Mural 1.
This Mural is situated above the mouth to the south grotto, and portrays what is most likely a ruler seated upon a throne similar to La Venta's Altar 4 or 5. The eyes of a primal cave monster, showing Olmec iconic crossed-bars, can be seen on the top edge of the throne (note that the ruler is also wearing a crossed-bars pectoral, perhaps linking him directly with the monster).
The ruler, painted in vibrant reds, greens, and browns, is wearing a bird mask, generally identified as that of an owl, as well as a green-feathered costume. Seated on the throne, his left leg is tucked underneath him while the right dangles down, similar to a pose found on the fragmentary Laguna de los Cerros Monument 9.
Mural 2.
This Mural, at 3 by 2 meters, is even larger than Mural 1 but this exposed painting has been largely worn away over the intervening millennia and is now almost impossible to recognize.
It seems to picture a human in jaguar clothing or otherwise associated with a jaguar.
Also of particular note is the north grotto's "most striking creation", Painting 1-D, which features an ithyphallic man standing behind what appears to be a rearing jaguar. The man is painted in black outline, with a headress. His exaggerated genitals that point to the jaguar have led to speculation that this is a scene of a man copulating with a jaguar.
Preservation and visitation.
In the 30 years following its re-discovery, the site was the object of graffiti and poor maintenance. This was addressed in the 2002 by the restoration work of Sandra Cruz, under the auspices of the National Coordination of Conservation of the Cultural Patrimony, INAH-Churubusco.
Although the paintings can still be viewed, visitors must first register with the local caretakers in the nearby village of Acatlán.

</doc>
<doc id="9620559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620559" title="Monash Whites Football Club">
Monash Whites Football Club

The Monash Whites football team was established in 1964 and is located in Clayton, Victoria, Australia. The club competed under its own name in the Victorian Amateur Football Association up until the 2000 season. From the 2001 season onwards the club has competed as the "thirds" for the Monash Blues Football Club.
Premierships - 1972 (F Reserve), 1975 (F), 1998 (Club XVIII 2).
Club history.
Monash University opened its doors in 1961 and in the University's second year, Monash Blues Football Club entered the Victorian Amateur Football Association (VAFA).
In 1964, the Football Club established a second team, which commenced in the newly created VAFA F Section, a grade that did not require a reserves side. The original team, by then playing in C Section, played as the Monash Blues whilst the new team took the name Monash Whites. After only two seasons the Whites went into a five year hiatus, along with the F Section competition itself.
Monash Blues gained promotion to A Section by 1969 and, "in an effort to expand and field a greater number of teams in order to hold and develop players within the club", the Whites were resurrected by the Monash Blues Football Club in 1971 and returned to F Section.
After early success, both Monash sides struggled in the late 1970s leading to a split at the end of the 1979 season.
The Whites continued as a stand-alone club until 2000 when it again merged with the Monash Blues Football Club, its original partner. The Whites now play as the Monash Blues' Club XVIII side in the Victorian Amateur Football Association.
In its thirty-two years of competition the Monash Whites participated in fourteen senior finals series, finishing fourth on four occasions, third six times, runners-up twice and champions twice.

</doc>
<doc id="9620574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620574" title="Flanger (railroad)">
Flanger (railroad)

A flanger clears the space between the rails, generally of ice and snow. This is important because if allowed to build up, it could seriously impede the motion of the train or even derail it. The flanger blade is lowered below the head of the rail, and so must be raised when the flanger comes to a switch or grade crossing. In regions were flangers are often used signs are posted alongside the tracks to alert the operators of this necessity. There are 2 different blades that go up and down (one that throws snow/ice to the right and one to the left).

</doc>
<doc id="9620578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620578" title="Shin Ji-sang">
Shin Ji-sang

Shin Ji-Sang is the pen name of manhwa artist Shin Su-Mi. Shin collaborated with Geo (real name Min Jung-Hwa) to publish "Chocolat" through Ice Kunion. They also collaborated to create the manhwa called "Very! Very! SWEET!"

</doc>
<doc id="9620592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620592" title="Hotula Khan">
Hotula Khan

Hotula Khan was a Khan of Khamag Mongol and the son of Khabul Khan, and thus great-uncle of the Genghis Khan. He died fighting the Tatars. No Mongol emerged as khan after him until Genghis Khan. His nephew Yesugei only supervised the Khamag Mongols until his death in 1171.

</doc>
<doc id="9620622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620622" title="Japanese people in Russia">
Japanese people in Russia

Japanese people in Russia form a small part of the worldwide community of "Nikkeijin". They count various notable political figures among their number.
Early settlement.
The first Japanese person to settle in Russia is believed to have been Dembei, a fisherman stranded on the Kamchatka Peninsula in 1701 or 1702. Unable to return to his native Ōsaka due to the Tokugawa Shogunate's "sakoku" policy, he was instead taken to Moscow and ordered by Peter the Great to begin teaching the language as soon as possible; he thus became the father of Japanese language education in Russia. Japanese settlement in Russia remained sporadic, confined to the Russian Far East, and also of a largely unofficial character, consisting of fishermen who, like Dembei, landed there by accident and were unable to return to Japan. However, a Japanese trading post is known to have existed on the island of Sakhalin (then claimed by the Qing Dynasty, but controlled by neither Japan, China, nor Russia) as early as 1790.
Opening of Japan.
Following the opening of Japan, Vladivostok would become the focus of settlement for Japanese emigrating to Russia. A branch of the was opened there in 1876. Their numbers grew to 80 people in 1877 and 392 in 1890; women outnumbered men by a factor of 3:2, and many worked as prostitutes. However, their community remained small compared to the more numerous Chinese and Korean communities; an 1897 Russian government survey showed 42,823 Chinese, 26,100 Koreans, but only 2,291 Japanese in the whole of the Primorye area. A large portion of the migration came from villages in northern Kyūshū.
The politics of Japanese-Russian relations had a large influence on the Japanese community and the sources and patterns of Japanese settlement in Russia. The was founded in 1892 to unite various Japanese professional unions; at that point, the Japanese population of the city was estimated at 1,000. It would later be renamed in 1895 as the and again in 1902 as the . They were often suspected by the Russian government of being used as intelligence-gathering tools for Japan, and having contributed to Russia's defeat in the Russo-Japanese War. Though the Japanese residents' association in Vladivostok was officially disbanded in 1912 under pressure from Russia, Japanese government documents show it continued to operate clandestinely until 1920, when most Japanese in Vladivostok returned to Japan. The initial landing of Japanese forces in Vladivostok after the October Revolution was prompted by the April 4, 1918 murder of three Japanese living there, and the Nikolayevsk Incident which occurred in 1920. After the establishment of the Soviet Union, some Japanese communists settled in Russia; for example, Mutsuo Hakamada, the brother of Japanese Communist Party chairman Satomi Hakamada, escaped from Japan in 1938 and went to Russia, where he married a local woman. His daughter Irina later went into politics after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Aftermath of World War II.
Sakhalin.
After the end of the Russo-Japanese War in 1905 with the Treaty of Portsmouth, the southern half of Sakhalin officially became Japanese territory, and was renamed as Karafuto, prompting an influx of Japanese settlers there. Japanese settled in the northern half of Karafuto; after Japan agreed to hand this half back to the Soviet Union, some may have chosen to remain north of the Soviet line of control. However, the majority would remain in Japanese territory until the closing days of World War II, when the whole of Sakhalin came under Soviet control as part of the USSR's invasion of Manchuria; most Japanese fled the advancing Red Army, or returned to Japan after the Soviet takeover, but others, mainly military personnel, were taken to the mainland of Russia and detained in work camps there. Furthermore, roughly 40,000 Korean settlers, despite still holding Japanese nationality, were denied permission by the Soviet Government to transit through Japan to repatriate to their homes in the southern half of the Korean peninsula. They were either told to take North Korean citizenship or take Soviet citizenship. Known as Sakhalin Koreans, they were trapped on the island for almost four decades.
Prisoners of war.
Following Japan's surrender, 575,000 Japanese prisoners of war captured by the Red Army in Manchuria, Karafuto, and Korea were sent to camps in Siberia and the rest of the Soviet Union. According to figures of the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare, 473,000 were repatriated to Japan after the normalisation of Japanese-Soviet relations; 55,000 died in Russia, and another 47,000 remained missing; a Russian report released in 2005 listed the names of 27,000 who had been sent to North Korea to perform forced labour there. Rank was no guarantee of repatriation; one Armenian interviewed by the US Air Force in 1954 claims to have met a Japanese general while living in a camp at Chunoyar, Krasnoyarsk Krai between May 1951 and June 1953. Some continue to return home as late as 2006.
Post-normalisation.
Following the normalisation of Japanese-Soviet relations, a few Japanese went to Russia for commercial, educational, or diplomatic purposes; however, as Vladivostok was closed to foreign settlement until the 1970s, they instead concentrated in Moscow. There is one Japanese-medium school, the Japanese School in Moscow, founded in 1965.
The 2002 Russian census showed 835 people claiming Japanese ethnicity (nationality). 2008 figures from Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs state that 1,607 Japanese nationals reside in Russia.
Education.
The Japanese School in Moscow is a Japanese international day school in Moscow.
There is a part-time Japanese school in Saint Petersburg, the St.Petersburg Japanese Language School, which holds classes at the Anglo American School.

</doc>
<doc id="9620694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620694" title="Sacco e Vanzetti">
Sacco e Vanzetti

Sacco e Vanzetti is an Italian docudrama, made in 1971. It was written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo. The film presents a dramatization of the events surrounding the trial of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti.
The film's soundtrack was composed and conducted by Ennio Morricone.
The song "Here's to You" introduced in this film (sung by Joan Baez), was also included in several later films.
Awards.
Riccardo Cucciolla won the award for Best Actor at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9620697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620697" title="As Darkness Falls">
As Darkness Falls

"As Darkness Falls" is the sixth episode of the first season of the television series "". Written by Robert Bielak and directed by George Mendeluk, it first aired in the United States on February 20, 1995.
Overview.
A woman named Penelope is set to marry a man named Marcus, but the centaur Nemis wishes her for himself and makes a deal with Hera to make her his, but first he has to kill the eternal thorn in Hera's side, Hercules.
Plot synopsis.
The centaur, Nemis enters one of Hera's temples and asks for her help in obtaining Penelope for himself. After a fire erupts on the altar, Nemis sees a club, he sees this as a sign from Hera and asks who he needs to kill. Elsewhere, two centaurs are practicing their archery skills, aided by a woman, Lyla. Nemis comes and gives Lyla some wine and something else to add to it later. He shows the other centaurs the club, telling them he will avenge his brother's death, using the club to kill Hercules.
Meanwhile, Hercules is traveling alone along the road, when he hears Salmoneus call him. He is not too happy to see Salmoneus. The two men travel on to Nespa, where Penelope and her groom prepare for their wedding. As part of the wedding celebrations, Craesus challenges Hercules to a match to see who can throw a javelin the farthest with the most accuracy. Hercules accepts, allowing Craesus to pick the target. He chooses a tree stump off in the distance, throws the javelin, and hits the target. Hercules picks up a javelin, saying it is light and hard to judge distance. He throws it anyway, splitting Craesus' javelin in half and piercing right through the tree stump.
Lyla is watching and appears to be impressed by Hercules' skill. She takes him to see some nice views of Nespa. She tries to seduce him but he tells her, "I don't want to go through life leaving a string of fatherless children behind." She gives him a drink and kisses him, he stops her again and walks off, leaving her behind. As he walks away, she pours the remaining wine into a plant pot, which withers and dies. Later, talking with Salmoneus, Hercules complains about his eyes and that he is not feeling himself. Hercules begins talking with Deric, who complains about the centaurs being placed at tables far away from the rest of the people celebrating the wedding. He asks Hercules if he will join the centaurs, Hercules accepts and tells him that he was trained by a centaur named Ceridian.
Later Deric and Hercules participate in an archery contest, even with his eyes affected Hercules manages to tie with Deric. Afterwards, Deric asks Lyla if she gave Hercules the drink. She says she did and that "Nemis is too crazy to care." Craesus says she would be crazy too if Hercules had killed her twin. Lyla replies that he deserved to die for trying to rape Hercules' wife. Suspicious of Lyla's earlier actions, Hercules questions Penelope about her. She tells Hercules that Lyla has become wilder since hanging out with the centaurs. Hercules says it is not a crime, Penelope says she feels the same, "some are good and some are bad." As they talk, Nemis appears at the celebrations and Hercules reveals to Penelope that he knows Nemis, because he had to kill his brother.
When a fight breaks out, the centaurs seize the chance to cause some more damage. Nemis begins smashing up tables and kidnaps Penelope, while Craesus snatches another woman and kicks Hercules unconscious. When Hercules regains consciousness, he tells Salmoneus that he is blind and that he needs his help. He, Salmoneus, Tyron and Marcus go after the centaurs to rescue the women that were taken. The centaurs chain the women up in a cave, telling them they will have their fun later, and leave to go after Hercules again. Hercules and the other men stand up against the centaurs. Unable to see, Hercules gets Salmoneus to direct him as he shoots arrows at the centaurs. Nemis causes a boulder to fall and Hercules strikes Craesus with an arrow as Tyron saves Marcus from the boulder, is killed in the process.
While Hercules buries Tyron, Deric and Lyla tell Hercules to hide until his sight returns. Deric says that Nemis was not always bad, but life wore him down. In the cave, Penelope tries to get Nemis to let them go, but he denies the two women their freedom. In the woods outside the cave, Salmoneus distracts Nemis so Hercules can save the women. Nemis comes back into the cave, and he and Hercules begins fighting. While they fight, Penelope and the other woman escape. Even blind, Hercules manages to avoid being beaten by Nemis' club. Hercules uses his sword to cause the pot to spill on the fire, putting it out. He tells Nemis with no light, "you have the same problem I do." As the two continue to fight Nemis is impaled by his own club, and falls to the ground wounded. Hercules tries to stop the roof from collapsing on Penelope. Nemis gets up and holds the roof, telling Hercules to save Penelope. Hercules gets Penelope and the other woman and they run out of the cave as it collapses, killing Nemis. Later, Hercules says that Nemis really did love Penelope and Salmoneus says he won lots of money because no one had faith in Hercules against the centaurs. Hercules takes the money and gives it to Marcus and Penelope. Hercules walks off with Salmoneus protesting about his money. 

</doc>
<doc id="9620725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620725" title="Ambaghai">
Ambaghai

Ambaghai Khan was a khan of Khamag Mongol in 1149–1156, one of the great grandsons of Khaidu Khan and the cousin and predecessor of Hotula Khan. During his rule, he was captured by the Tatars under the commands of the Chinese Jin Dynasty in response to the Mongols' growing power.
In 1211 Genghis Khan began the Mongol–Jin Dynasty War, causing the eventual fall of the Jin Dynasty, in sworn revenge for Ambaghai's kidnapping and execution.
Ambaghai was a relative of Yesugei and Genghis Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="9620726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620726" title="Kokshetau Airport">
Kokshetau Airport

Kokshetau Airport is an airport located northeast of Kokshetau, the administrative center of the Akmola Province in northern Kazakhstan. It was formerly known as Kokchetav Trofimovka Airport.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 02/20 with an asphalt/concrete surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9620733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620733" title="Chicago Board of Trade Building">
Chicago Board of Trade Building

The Chicago Board of Trade Building is a skyscraper located in :Chicago, Illinois, United States. It stands at 141 W. Jackson Boulevard at the foot of the LaSalle Street canyon, in the Loop community area in Cook County. Built in 1930 and first designated a Chicago Landmark on May 4, 1977, the building was listed as a National Historic Landmark on June 2, 1978. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 16, 1978. Originally built for the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), it is now the primary trading venue for the derivatives exchange, the CME Group, formed in 2007 by the merger of the CBOT and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. In 2012, the CME Group sold the CBOT Building to a consortium of real estate investors, including GlenStar Properties LLC and USAA Real Estate Company.
The 141 W. Jackson address hosted the former tallest building in Chicago designed by William W. Boyington before the current Holabird & Root structure, which held the same title for over 35 years until being surpassed in 1965 by the Richard J. Daley Center. The current structure is known for its art deco architecture, sculptures and large-scale stone carving, as well as large trading floors. A three-story art deco statue of Ceres, goddess of agriculture (particularly grain), caps the building. The building is a popular sightseeing attraction and location for shooting movies, and its owners and management have won awards for efforts to preserve the building and for office management.
Early history.
Early locations.
On April 3, 1848, the Board of Trade opened for business at 101 South Water Street. When 122 members were added in 1856, it was moved to the corner of South Water and LaSalle Streets. After another temporary relocation west on South Water Street in 1860, the first permanent home was established within the Chamber of Commerce Building on the corner of LaSalle and Washington Streets in 1865. In 1871, the Great Chicago Fire destroyed this building. The exchange temporarily reopened two weeks after the fire in a wooden building known as "the Wigwam" at the intersection of Washington and Market Streets, before reclaiming its home in a new building constructed at the Chamber of Commerce site one year later.
Permanent home.
In 1882 construction began of the CBOT's new home, which opened at the current location on May 1, 1885. The building was designed by William W. Boyington, best known today for his work on the Chicago Water Tower. It faced Jackson Street with feet of frontage, and was built from structural steel and granite taken from the Fox Island quarry near Vinalhaven, Maine. With a rear of enameled brick, it was 10 stories tall and featured a tower tall containing a large clock and bell, topped by a copper weather vane in the shape of a ship. The interiors were finished in mahogany and frescoed. Construction cost $1.8 million (about in terms). With four elevators and a great hall measuring and high decorated by a stained-glass skylight and ornate stone balusters, it was the first commercial building in Chicago to have electric lighting. It was also the first building in the city to exceed in height and at the time was the tallest building in Chicago. The building's formal dedication ceremonies, which were described by a contemporary as "brilliant and imposing", took place on April 29, 1885 and were attended by over four thousand persons including dignitaries from around the world.
The building attracted tourists, visitors, and protesters. The inaugural banquet for the building opening was marched on by a sizable column of Chicago labor activists, under the International Working People's Association banner and led by Albert Parsons, Lucy Parsons, and Lizzie Holmes. "The building, on which two million dollars had been lavished in the midst of an economic depression, was denounced by the anarchists as... the crowning symbol of all that was hateful in the private property system.". The procession were cheered by thousands of spectators. Their access to the Board of Trade was blocked by a phalanx of police, first at Jackson, then at LaSalle, finally coming to within a half-block of the building, "bathed in a sea of electric light only recently installed for the occasion."
Viewing galleries were opened to the public for the first time in honor of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition.
In 1895, the clock tower was removed and the "tallest building in Chicago" record was then held by the tall Masonic Temple Building. Built on caissons surrounded by muck, the trading house was rendered structurally unsound in the 1920s when construction began across the street on the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. The 1885 building was subsequently demolished in 1929, and the exchange temporarily moved to Van Buren and Clark while a new building was constructed at the LaSalle and Jackson site.
The 1885 allegorical architectural sculptures of "Industry" and "Agriculture", two figures of a four-piece set, were removed from the original building and now stand in a nearby pedestrian plaza.
The 1930 building.
Architecture.
In 1925, the Chicago Board of Trade commissioned Holabird & Root to design the current building. The general contractors Hegeman & Harris built it for $11.3 million, although the reported twenty-year mortgage value was $12 million ($12 million in 1925 equates to about in dollars). Clad in gray Indiana limestone, topped with a copper pyramid roof, and standing on a site running east – west on Jackson Boulevard and north – south on LaSalle Street, the tall art deco-styled building opened on June 9, 1930. It serves as the southern border for the skyscrapers hugging LaSalle Street and is taller than surrounding structures for several blocks. The Chicago Board of Trade has operated continuously on its fourth floor since the 1930 opening, dedicating to what was then the world's largest trading floor. The advent of steel frame structural systems allowed completely vertical construction; but as with many skyscrapers of the era, the exterior was designed with multiple setbacks at increasing heights, which served to allow additional light into the ever-deepening concrete valleys in urban cores. At night, the setbacks are upwardly lit by floodlights, further emphasizing the structure's vertical elements. The night illumination design was a common contemporary Chicago architectural theme, seen also in the Wrigley Building, the Jewelers Building, the Palmolive Building, the LaSalle-Wacker Building, and the Tribune Tower. Interior decoration includes polished surfaces throughout, the use of black and white marble, prominent vertical hallway trim, and an open three-story lobby which at the time of opening housed the world's largest light fixture. Though One LaSalle Street had five more floors, the CBOT building was the first in Chicago to exceed a height of . After surpassing the Chicago Temple Building, it was the tallest in Chicago until the Daley Center was completed in 1965. Known for its work on the Brooklyn Bridge, the family-operated factory of John A. Roebling supplied all of the cables used in the building's 23 Otis elevators. Beneath the main trading floor over of telephone and telegraph wires were once hidden. No less than of wires (considered possibly the most direct long-distance wire from any building) once ran from the room. Although the building was commissioned for the Chicago Board of Trade, its first tenant was the Quaker Oats Company, which moved in on May 1, 1930.
Artwork.
Sculptural work by Alvin Meyer, the one-time head of Holabird & Root's sculpture department, is prominent on the building's façade, and represents the trading activities within. On each side of the diameter clock facing LaSalle Street are hooded figures, an Egyptian holding grain and a Native American holding corn. Similar figures are repeated at the uppermost corners of the central tower, just below the sloping roof. About above street level, representations of bulls protrude directly from the limestone cladding on the building's north side and to a lesser degree on the east side, a reference to a bull market.
The central structure is capped by a 6,500 pound, tall aluminum statue by sculptor John H. Storrs of the Roman goddess of grain, Ceres, holding a sheaf of wheat in the left hand and a bag of corn in the right hand, as a nod to the exchange's heritage as a commodities market. This statue was assembled from 40 pieces.
Commissioned in 1930 but removed from the agricultural trading room in 1973 and stored until 1982, John W. Norton's three-story mural of Ceres shown bare-breasted in a field of grain underwent extensive restoration in Spring Grove, Illinois by Louis Pomerantz before being displayed in the atrium of the 1980s addition.
Trading floor.
According to the June 16, 1930 issue of "Time" magazine, visitors carrying ripened wheat heads stared in curiosity at the six-story tall trading room directly above the lobby and behind the large windows below the clock facing LaSalle Street. At the center of the room, "Time" reported on the items being traded in "pits" organized based on commodities type with pits names such as the corn pit, soybean pit or wheat pit. The individual pits are raised octagonal structures where open outcry trading occurs. Steps up the outside of each octagon provide an amphitheater atmosphere, and enable a large number of traders to see each other and communicate during trading hours. With early versions dating back to 1870, this type of trading pit was patented in 1878.
The trading area is surrounded by desks allowing workers to support transactions. In the early days, the desks served as a relay point between the pits and those wishing to buy or sell. When trade orders and information began to be communicated by telegraph, Morse code operators were employed, later replaced by phone operators. In the late 20th century, electric display boards lined the walls of the trading hall and the advent of electronic trading resulted in computers being placed on desktops.
Subsequent additions to the Board of Trade Building moved the agricultural and financial trading floors out of the original trading room and into new spaces in the additions to the building's rear in the 1980s. In 2004 the historic 1930 trading floor, already substantially altered (and unused for more than two years), was demolished and its pits filled with concrete. It was renovated in a modern style and now is leased to a privately owned options trading firm.
Expansion.
In 1980, the owners added a 23-story expansion to the south side of the building. It was topped by an octagonal ornament shaped similarly to the terraced trading pits and was designed in a postmodern style by Helmut Jahn. Colored black and silver, with a sunlit atrium on the 12th floor facing the south wall of the older structure, the annex provided a four-story granite lined agricultural trading floor, then the world's largest at . Even as the Sydney Futures Exchange and other markets were ceasing outcry trading, Mayor Richard M. Daley led the groundbreaking on January 17, 1995, for additional expansion into a five-story building to the east designed by architects Fujikawa Johnson and structural engineers TT-CBM. When opened in 1997, the $175 million structure would add of trading space and for a period again would house the world's largest trading floor. It was nicknamed the "Arboretum" by some in reference to expansion supporter CBOT Chairman Patrick H. Arbor. The expansion included price boards long and supported 12,000 computers, 6,000 voice devices, and 2,000 video devices requiring of cable. Collectively, the trading floors now encompass approximately . The logo of the CBOT represents a trading pit, and appears prominently on stonework facing Clark Street and on street-level barriers at the service entrance on Van Buren Street. The addition has a twelve-story atrium and melds historical and contemporary design with art deco references such as setbacks, central tower, symmetrical projecting wings, pyramidal roof and abstract cascade and scallop lobby design. Between the original and new buildings, where there was formerly a street, a wide street-level walkway connects the plaza on LaSalle Street to Van Buren Street in what would ordinarily be the building's first floor. Passing over the Van Buren Street elevated tracks, a green glass-enclosed steel-frame bridge connects the lower southwest corner of the 23 story addition to the Chicago Board Options Exchange (although this bridge was closed to pedestrian traffic in the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks for security reasons).
Renovation.
In 2005, the building underwent an extensive $20 million renovation directed by Chicago architect Gunny Harboe, whose restoration work included Loop landmarks the Rookery Building and Reliance Building. The project included restoration of the main lobby to emphasize the design features of the art deco era, elevator modernization, façade renovation and cleaning, and the continued renovation of upper floor corridors and hallways. Though impractically small for modern use, mailboxes in the lobby were restored to their original condition to follow the theme of vertical lines found throughout the complex. An improved electrical infrastructure, with ten main feeds from seven different Commonwealth Edison electrical substations, was added in addition to redundant cooling systems and upgraded telecommunications capabilities.
When the old CBOT building was demolished in 1929, two tall gray granite statues of classically styled goddesses (pictured above) were moved from the second floor ledge above the main entrance into the gardens of the 500 acre (2 km²) estate of Arthur W. Cutten, a wheat and cotton speculator who went bankrupt during the Great Depression. One goddess represents agriculture and is shown standing with wheat and leaning on a cornucopia. The other represents industry and appears with the bow of a ship and an anvil.
The statues were found in 1978 near Glen Ellyn, Illinois by the Forest Preserve District of DuPage County, on land acquired from Cutten's estate. After being displayed in a parking lot at Danada Forest Preserve for several years, both were returned to the CBOT building's plaza and rededicated on June 9, 2005.
Later history.
Surroundings.
The LaSalle Street canyon is home to other historic buildings including the Rookery Building, a National Historic Landmark considered to be the oldest standing high-rise. A 1907 renovation included a lobby remodeled by Frank Lloyd Wright in the Prairie School style. The name rookery comes from the previous building on the property which became home to many birds, especially pigeons. The nearby Reliance Building was the first skyscraper to have large plate glass windows comprise the majority of its surface area, and One North LaSalle was for some time one of Chicago's tallest buildings. Both the Reliance Building and One North LaSalle are on the National Register of Historic Places. Since 1853, the governments of Chicago and Cook County have shared three different buildings at the north end of the canyon. The current Chicago City Hall, built in a Classical Revival style, was designed to symbolize the strength, dignity, and vigor of the government. Completed in 2001, an award winning green roof was incorporated into the structure. All of the structures are designated as Chicago Landmarks.
Other nearby buildings of note include the Continental Commercial National Bank, now called 208 South LaSalle Street, which broke records in 1911 as the city's most expensive development, with a cost exceeding $10 million. The Rand-McNally Building that had served as the headquarters of the World's Columbian Exposition was demolished to accommodate the structure. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, at 230 South LaSalle Street, was built in a Greco-Roman style and contained the largest vaults in the world and one of the first building-wide wired communication systems. Both the Federal Reserve Bank and 208 South LaSalle demonstrate the popularity of neoclassical architecture during the late 19th and early 20th centuries and were meant to project a sense of financial security.
One mile (1.6 km) west of Lake Michigan and in the southwest corner of the Loop, the building is near two elevated stations of the Chicago 'L'. The Quincy station is one block to the west and the LaSalle/VanBuren station is between the CBOT and the Chicago Stock Exchange. Additionally, CTA Blue Line service is provided at the Jackson and LaSalle stations, each two blocks away. Union Station stands five blocks to the west on Jackson Boulevard, providing terminal service for Amtrak and select service for Metra. Additional Metra service is provided at the LaSalle Street Station, two blocks due south.
Recent history.
In September 2011, the intersection of LaSalle Street and Jackson Boulevard in front of the building became the headquarters for the Occupy Chicago protest movement. On April 23, 2013, the CME Group sold the north and south towers of the building at 141 W. Jackson Blvd. for $151.5 Million to a joint venture between GlenStar Properties LLC and USAA Real Estate Co. The CME will retain ownership of the smaller east building at 333 S. LaSalle St. CME signed a 15 year lease for the 150,000 square-feet it occupies in the two towers.
Tenants.
The CME Group occupies 33 percent of available space, while financial and trading concerns occupy 54 percent of the three-building complex. In addition to Ceres Restaurant on the first floor of the lobby, other businesses provide banking, insurance, travel services, beauty services, and healthcare. Some business have been in the building for over 40 years, and throughout its history, commodities speculators, such as "Prince of the Pit" Richard Dennis, have maintained offices in the building. In 2007, the U.S. Futures Exchange, a competitor of the CBOT formerly known as Eurex US, announced a move from the Sears Tower into the 14th floor of the CBOT building.
Visitors.
The CBOT building has been the site of a number of visits by dignitaries, including the Prince of Wales in October 1977. In 1991, George H. W. Bush became the first President of the United States to visit the Exchange, where he delivered a speech from the soybean pit regarding the importance of agriculture to the American economy. A visit from former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev followed on May 7, 1992. In 2006, former US President Jimmy Carter and wife Rosalyn toured the CBOT while campaigning for their son Jack's run for a U.S. Senate seat from Nevada. During the 1996 Democratic National Convention, US Vice President Al Gore was hosted at the Exchange's Democratic Senatorial Campaign reception. When US President George W. Bush toured the agricultural trading floor on January 6, 2006, he was hailed from the corn trading pit with "Hook 'em, Horns!", a reference to his adopted home state of Texas. Interest groups such as the Chicago Architecture Foundation provide scheduled tours showcasing the architecture and selected portions of the trading operations.
In popular culture.
Literature<br>
The 1885 building and trading pits were prominently featured in "The Pit", the second novel by Frank Norris in "The Epic of the Wheat" trilogy. Life on the trading floor of the Chicago Board of Trade is detailed in the nonfiction book "Leg the Spread" by Cari Lynn (2004).
Film and television<br>
Trading operations have been used as scenes in movies such as "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", and the streetscape in the LaSalle Street canyon is used in the movies "The Untouchables", "Road to Perdition", and "". In the 2005 film "Batman Begins" the building serves as the headquarters of the fictional Wayne Enterprises, but in the 2008 sequel, "The Dark Knight", Wayne Enterprises was represented by the Richard J. Daley Center. The building itself appears in "The Dark Knight".
While maintaining studios in the building for many years, WCIU-TV broadcast the "Stock Market Observer", a daily seven-hour live business television news program that is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records for the show telecast the most hours. Additionally, the station broadcasts "First Business" with news of the Chicago Board of Trade. Former WVON-AM radio personality Don Cornelius began the popular dance show "Soul Train" in a cramped studio on the 43rd floor in 1970. When Cornelius moved the show to Los Angeles a year later, his assistant, Clinton Ghent took over the local show until it ended in 1976. Prior to "Soul Train", shows filmed in the building were "Kiddie A Go-Go", a dance show aimed at the pre-teen market which premiered in 1965 and "Red Hot and Blues", a teen dance show hosted by local DJ Big Bill Hill which premiered in 1967.
More recently, the building's interior and exterior portrayed the offices of the "Daily Planet" newspaper in the 2013 Superman reboot film, "Man of Steel".
Graphic arts<br>
Although depicted with the tower in a Rand McNally map from 1893, later lithographs of the first 141 Jackson Street location display a red-roofed building without a tower. Memorabilia of the current building is abundant, with postcards of panoramic scenes from LaSalle Street, the clock, and lighted upper decks having been produced for decades. In views from the Museum Campus, the building's crown is framed by the middle floors of the taller Sears Tower in the background. Photographer Andreas Gursky has used the location for still life prints such as 1997's "Chicago Board of Trade, I" and 1999's "Chicago Board of Trade, II". A photograph of the exterior, from the "Museum" series by Thomas Struth, is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. An often-reproduced painting by Leslie Ragan for the New York Central Railroad depicts streamliner locomotives idling at LaSalle Street Station with the Board of Trade Building looming prominently in the background.
At 1211 North LaSalle Street on the city's Near North Side, a 16-story apartment hotel built in 1929 and converted into an apartment building in 1981 was used by muralist Richard Haas for trompe-l'œil murals in homage to Chicago School architecture. One of the building's sides features the Chicago Board of Trade Building, intended as a reflection of the actual building two miles (3 km) south.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="9620749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620749" title="Bedford Autodrome">
Bedford Autodrome

Bedford Autodrome is an autodrome based on the former site of RAE Bedford, in the village of Thurleigh, Bedfordshire. It is owned by former Formula One driver Jonathan Palmer. 
The autodrome.
It is built on the northern section of the former site of the Royal Aerospace Establishment, Bedford airbase and took five years to convert to a track using the latest in track laying techniques to provide a quiet and smooth surface.
It was designed to be driven by high performance road cars and as such has larger than usual run off areas and does not have sections of Armco safety barriers which would potentially damage a car seriously if it left the track. Because the track has no Armco it is not eligible to hold races there or have an area for spectators because of the inability to ensure their safety.
Thurleigh Museum.
Thurleigh Museum is a small museum located within the Bedford Autodrome complex. The museum itself is housed in one of the few remaining buildings on the original airfield, now Bedford Aerodrome, built during World War II. The museum is primarily concerned with World War II and the history of the airfield rather than the village. A collection of artifacts has been assembled to re-create the activities and atmosphere of the airfield and surrounding area during the war years. The museum is supported and funded by the 306th Bombardment Group.
2012 Olympics and Paralympics.
Bedford Autodrome was used as an official training site for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9620822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620822" title="Green Chain (sawmill)">
Green Chain (sawmill)

A green chain is a type of lumber delivery system that can be used in a sawmill. The green chain's purpose is to collect the final product of the mill and move it at a controlled rate to be graded and sorted. In the 19th and early to late 20th century, the green chain was used by people. Men would stand alongside and pull lumber that matches the required dimensions and place it in piles. In short, the workers sorted the lumber. Modern sawmills use automatic systems, such as the lumber dropping through the chain into large slings, where it can be picked up and moved to a staging area to dry. Most likely called the green chain because the lumber is green and has not been seasoned.

</doc>
<doc id="9620823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620823" title="Ataru Nakamura">
Ataru Nakamura

Biography.
Early life.
Born in Tokyo on 28 June 1985, Nakamura began studying music at a young age. She taught herself to play the piano, guitar, and the drums at age ten, and began to write her own songs at the age of thirteen. In 1999, at the age of fourteen, she released an indie label album called "Shouchikubai" as her prize.
2006–early 2007: Switch to Avex Trax and "Ten Made Todoke" era.
In 2006, she switched to a major label, the popular Avex Trax. Her first major label single, "Yogoreta Shitagi", was released on her birthday, and received minor attention. "Yogoreta Shitagi" was written about an ex-boyfriend who was cheating on her and is written from the former boyfriend's point of view. Nakamura called this individual on the telephone to explain that the song she had written about him was to be her debut single.
Her second single, "Tomodachi no Uta", received greater attention, and placed at number 150 on the Oricon charts. However, it was not until Nakamura revealed on the talk-radio program "All Night Nippon" that she was a transsexual and had undergone sex reassignment surgery that she received major attention. Her explanation garnered a lot of media attention, and her single rose to number 9 on the Oricon charts. "Tomodachi no Uta" became the theme song for the popular television drama "Watashi ga Watashi de Aru Tame ni", a primetime television drama about a young transsexual woman. Nakamura even received a small cameo appearance on the program.
Nakamura wrote "Tomodachi no Uta" when she was fourteen years old; notably, it was the first song she ever wrote. She wrote the song to say goodbye to the friends in junior high she would never see again. "Tomodachi no Uta" was featured in an Avex Trax musical titled "Kokoro no Kakera". The soundtrack featured 21 songs chosen from the company's hits over the past two decades.
Her third single, "Watashi no Naka no Ii Onna", entered the Oricon charts at number 39. On the same day "Watashi no Naka no Ii Onna" was released, the song "Chewing Gum" written by Nakamura for the band AAA, debuted on the Oricon chart. Her two songs competed with one another for four weeks.
Her first album, "Ten Made Todoke", was released on 1 January 2007. A month later, she released "Kaze ni Naru", her fourth single. "Kaze ni Naru" was the theme song for the film "Sakebi".
Her song "Kakeashi no Ikizama" was used as the closing theme for the anime series "Reideen".
Late 2007–2008: "Watashi wo Daite Kudasai" era.
Nakamura's fifth single marked the promotion of her second album titled "Watashi wo Daite Kudasai". The album was released on 5 December 2007. "Ringo Uri", the album's first single, premiered on 27 June 2007, and peaked at number 30 on the Oricon charts. The album's second single, "Hadaka Denkyū", premiered on 21 November. "Tori no Mure", the album's third single and her seventh overall, received minor airplay.
2009: "Ashita wa Haremasu You Ni" era.
"Kaze Tachinu" debuted on 9 July 2008. The song was used as the theme song for the live-action film "GeGeGe no Kitaro Sennen Noroi Uta". The single did well and was received much like "Tomodachi no Uta". Nakamura appeared at AP Bank Fes' 08, a musical festival, on 20 July 2008, to promote the single.
Nakamura released "Kotonakare Shugi", a rock song produced by Kameda Seiji, on 17 December 2008.
She wrote a song called "Hare-butai" for Jero, Japan's first black enka singer.
"Ashita wa Haremasu You Ni" was Nakamura's third studio album, released on 25 February 2009 in both standard and deluxe editions, the latter containing a DVD containing various performances and music videos.
2010: "Shōnen Shōjo" era.
In 2010 "Ataru Nakamura" switched her management from Avex Trax to Yamaha Music Communications. She released the single "Iede Shoujo," which debuted at #90 on the Oricon charts and sold 796 copies the first week. On 9/22 her album came out titled "Shōnen Shōjo" it debuted at #65 on the Oricon and sold 2,103 copies the first week. The album was later awarded a Japan Record Award, despite its lack of commercial success.
Personal life.
Nakamura was assigned male at birth but transitioned after struggling with issues of gender identity. This was mentioned in her official biography short during her appearance at the 2007 "Kouhaku Uta Gassen".
Musical style.
Nakamura is notable for the two different styles in which she sings. Her first style is a modern rock/pop sound. Her second style is an enka-inspired sound; thus far her enka-styled ballads have been her largest successes. Her singles have thus far alternated between these two styles.

</doc>
<doc id="9620832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620832" title="Rudy Poeschek">
Rudy Poeschek

Rudolph Leopold "Pot Pie" Poeschek (born September 29, 1966) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the NHL with the New York Rangers, Winnipeg Jets, Tampa Bay Lightning, and St. Louis Blues. He played defence and shot right-handed. 
Poeschek was drafted by the New York Rangers in the 12th round, 238th overall in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. He played for the Kamloops Blazers in the WHL for three years and there he established himself as a tough enforcer willing to drop his gloves with anybody. During the 1987–1988 season Poeschek finally played his first game with the Rangers. The following season he played in 52 games with the Rangers and registered a career high 199 penalty minutes. 
Prior to the 1993–1994 season the Tampa Bay Lightning picked up Poeschek and it was here that he developed his reputation as an enforcer to be reckoned with, dropping his gloves with the likes of Bob Probert and Craig Berube. Poeschek played 4 seasons with the Lightning before being picked up by the St. Louis Blues. He played a full year there along with parts of two other seasons and one more with the Houston Aeros of the IHL before retiring after 2000–2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9620877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620877" title="Melanocytic tumors of uncertain malignant potential">
Melanocytic tumors of uncertain malignant potential

Melanocytic tumors of uncertain malignant potential (MELTUMP) are melanocytic lesions in the dermis that cannot be classified by morphology as either benign naevi (moles) or malignant melanomas because the mass shows features of both.
Several lesion types may be classified as MELTUMPs: these include atypical melanocytic proliferations with features that may overlap with atypical Spitz naevi/tumors, dysplastic naevi, pigmented epithelioid melanocytoma, deep penetrating naevi, congenital neavi, cellular nodules in congenital naevi, possible naevoid melanomas, and cellular blue naevi.
A related category of melanocytic proliferation is "superficial atypical melanocytic proliferations of uncertain significance" (SAMPUS). This category, unlike MELTUMP, which implies as yet undetermined potential for metastases even after complete excision, signifies lesions without metastatic potential at time of excision but with potential to progress upon incomplete excision. The SAMPUS category includes certain atypical junctional melanocytic proliferations and proliferations in both the epidermis and papillary dermis that are not accompanied by intradermal tumorigenic architecture or cell mitosis.

</doc>
<doc id="9620881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620881" title="MV Islander">
MV Islander

The M/V "Islander" was a -long ferry formerly operated by the Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority (SSA). It was built in 1950 by Maryland Drydock Company and was a ferry for the Woods Hole, Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket Steamship Authority, primarily on the Martha's Vineyard run, until March 5, 2007, when it was replaced with the new M/V "Island Home", a new ferry which is both larger and faster than the "Islander". The Islander at its peak was able to transport over 700 passengers and 85 vehicles.
Initially expected to be sold for scrap, the M/V Islander was saved in 2007 when the State of New York made a late $500,000 bid to purchase the vessel for the Governors Island Preservation and Education Corporation (GIPEC) to provide additional ferry service between Manhattan and Governors Island. In an ironic note, one of the current SSA ferries, M/V Governor was formerly in the same service, operated by the U.S. Coast Guard to serve its Governors Island base until 1996 when the base closed and the ferry declared surplus. 
Following a more complete survey GIPEC determined that the ferry had hull damage from running aground and significant deferred maintenance, requiring $6,000,000 in repairs to retain its Coast Guard passenger certification. In February 2009, unable to sell the ferry through New York state property disposal process, the Islander was put up for sale on eBay and sold to a speculator and scrap merchant Don Slovak from Kinderhook, New York for the winning bid of $23,600. 
In August 2009, Slovak sought breach of contract by stating the state's refusal to issue a bill of sale wrecked his chance to sell it, suffering $171,400 in lost profits. Slovak contended that state officials wanted him to sign a "docking agreement." State officials wanted Slovak to assume full liability for, and insure the vessel before tendering a bill of sale and allowing it to be moved. 
In 2010, the ferry was purchased by Donjon Marine Company of New Jersey, and moved to Port Newark for eventual scrapping. 

</doc>
<doc id="9620925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620925" title="T6NL">
T6NL

T6NL is a code for an airplane engine over temperature condition. "T" stands for temperature, the number six refers to stage six, "N" stands for shaft rotation speed in the engine and the "L" stands for low pressure. Stage six refers to the engine temperature and low pressure shaft speed.
T6NL can be caused by many things such as an object being sucked into a jet turbine (such as shrapnel or a bird strike), it can be caused by vibrations in the turbine or by a worn down turbine. In some cases it could be a major flight failure.

</doc>
<doc id="9620929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620929" title="Flirty Birdy">
Flirty Birdy

Flirty Birdy is a 1945 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 21st "Tom and Jerry" short. It was also the first modern era cartoon of the cat and mouse duo and the first "Tom and Jerry" short to be released after "World War II" . It was made and released on September 22, 1945 by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer. The cartoon was directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, and produced by Fred Quimby. The animation was provided by Irven Spence, Kenneth Muse, and Ray Patterson, the music by Scott Bradley, and backgrounds by Robert Gentle.
The cartoon revolves around Tom's effort to regain Jerry from an eagle by dressing up as a female bird.
Plot.
Tom is laying down a trail of cheese for Jerry. Tom traps Jerry in two slices of bread into a sandwich. Before Tom can eat his sandwich, an eagle swoops down and steals the sandwich from Tom's hands. Tom breaks his teeth. The eagle tries to eat the sandwich for himself but Tom steals the sandwich back, replacing it with the plate he used for his sandwich. The eagle breaks the plate. They fight over the sandwich and almost tear Jerry in half. The eagle then hits Tom with his beak and knocks him off the tree. Tom then throws a brick at the eagle but it gets thrown back, hitting Tom. Tom then makes a face and yodels at the eagle. The eagle grabs Tom and throws him back down to the ground. Tom lands near a clothesline with a skirt, some feathers, and some clothespin. This gives Tom an idea.
The eagle goes back to eat his Jerry sandwich. Before he can eat Jerry, a whistle is heard from and Tom has lipstick and a party horn on his face (accompanied by Scott Bradley's "hot" rendition of "St. Louis Blues"). He waves over at the eagle from behind the house chimney. Tom has taken the skirt, and stuck feathers on himself and to look like a (rather unconvincing) female bird making the eagle lovestruck. Even Jerry is incredulous. Tom winks at the eagle and he tries to kiss Tom. Jerry, unties Tom’s dress, but Tom fastens it. The eagle tries to kiss Tom again and Jerry grabs the elastic band of the horn and it brings them together for a kiss. The eagle goes wild and he ends up dropping Jerry. Tom then puts Jerry down his dress. Jerry grabs a pin and sticks it in Tom's rear causing Tom to yowl and jump into the eagle's arms. Tom then runs away with the lovestruck eagle behind him. The eagle again tries to kiss Tom but he ends up pecking the bricks out of the chimney. Tom then gives a flirtatious smile and struts away. This really makes the eagle wild and with Tom hiding around the chimney with a brick in his hand, Tom hits the eagle. But the eagle is still head over heels in love. Tom makes another quick escape by jumping off the roof of the house. The eagle saves him from hitting the ground and continues to try and kiss him. Tom tries to hide and escape in various means, but the lovesick eagle somehow keeps finding him, and Tom keeps losing Jerry in the process.
Tom is later standing behind a makeshift kissing booth that advertises, "Kisses - One Mouse Each!". The eagle goes to the kissing booth, hands over Jerry and puckers up. Tom grabs Jerry and then "smooches" the eagle with a plunger, simulating a giant kiss. But Jerry escapes again. Tom then runs into the eagle who holds out his hands. Tom picks one and the eagle produces a ring box with Jerry sitting in it. Jerry’s tail has been tied in a loop and the eagle places Jerry on Tom’s finger as a marriage proposal. Tom "accepts", then slams the window shutter into the eagle’s face and runs away, but he crashes into the other window shutter. Jerry then grabs a rope and ties it around Tom’s foot. Tom gets up and runs away. Jerry hands the other end of the rope to the eagle and the eagle drags Tom back to him, preventing Tom's escape. As Tom is being dragged to the eagle, Jerry hands Tom a bouquet of flowers and waves goodbye to the happy couple. Soon the eagle is sitting in a tree while Tom is sitting on a nest of eggs and knitting a tiny sweater, preparing for motherhood with no choice but to endure a relationship with the eagle.

</doc>
<doc id="9620974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9620974" title="Fatwood">
Fatwood

Fatwood, also known as "fat lighter," "lighter wood," "rich lighter," "pine knot," "lighter knot," "heart pine" or "lighter'd", is derived from the heartwood of pine trees. This resin-impregnated heartwood becomes hard and rot-resistant. The stump (and tap root) left in the ground after a tree has fallen or has been cut is an excellent source of fatwood. Other locations, such as the joints where limbs intersect the trunk, can also be harvested. Although most resinous pines can produce fatwood, in the southeastern United States the wood is commonly associated with longleaf pine ("Pinus palustris"), which historically was highly valued for its high pitch production.
History.
Fatwood use began in prehistoric times, when humans first started using fire. The commercial use of fatwood from stumps stemmed from its use to make pitch and pine tar. In 1648, a company was formed in Sweden called "Norrländska Tjärkompaniet" (The Wood Tar Company of North Sweden), and was given exclusive export rights by the King of Sweden.
Composition.
Coniferous tree sap is a viscous liquid, that contains terpene, a volatile compound which is a type of hydrocarbon. Over time the evaporation of the terpene changes the state of the sap; it slowly gets thicker until it hardens into resin. New fatwood leaks the sticky sap, while in aged fatwood the sap has hardened and is no longer sticky. At every stage of the aging process, fatwood will burn readily, even when wet.
Natural process.
The science of how fatwood evolves includes complicated study of Archaeology and even Paleontology, among others. The study of decomposition is referred to as taphonomy. When a tree falls or is cut the remains are subject to normal atmospheric conditions and decay. Pine resin is resistant to decay and will begin to solidify. Why one stump might decay and another close by becomes fatwood can be as simple as the acidity of the ground, time of year each tree fell or was cut, and even the condition of the tree while it was living, along with the amount of sap thus resins and terpine in the trees. Certain times of the year (peak growth season) the sap flows more heavily and a tree consumes more carbon dioxide so more is stored in the tree. Decomposition of dead wood releases carbon dioxide back into the atmosphere. When a tree is cut and the sap flows it is referred to as bleeding and is a natural defense of a tree against damage. A bleeding process is common when harvesting sap from a living tree. The resin of a cut or fallen tree begins to harden and this will have a natural effect of sealing the "wound" thus preventing exudation. A fallen tree will be more subject to the environment, because of uninhibited microbial colonization and attacks, as well as natural water leeching, the outer layers will decay and even faster when subjected to insects, resulting in eluviation. A time line may be accelerated in hot weather but a tree stump, becoming a sort of vessel now being sealed by the resin, will not bleed as much and results in a natural preservation. The natural process of decaying leads to chemical decomposition. The heart of a pine tree, including roots and stumps, that have become fatwood is combustible.
Fatwood is scar tissue of a damaged or injured pine tree. A lightning strike will scar a tree sometimes top to bottom without necessarily killing the tree. The result scar of burnt bark will "scar" over with resin. Once hardened, the wood and bark around the area becomes rich with the flammable hardened resin. High winds breaking limbs, or violently twisting the tree, will also open "wound" in the tree bark. Again, resin will harden forming "scar" tissue rich in fatwood. Hard yellowish resin can be found around the wound area. This can then be scraped off and used as a fire starter.
Wood kindling and tinder.
Because of the flammability of terpene, fatwood is prized for use as kindling in starting fires. It lights quickly even when wet, is very wind resistant, and burns hot enough to light larger pieces of wood. A small piece of fatwood can be used many times to create tinder by shaving small curls and using them to light other larger tinder. In Louisiana "fatwood" is known as "rich lighter" and cut slivers are what is referred to as "kindling" because of the abundance. The pitch-soaked wood produces an oily, sooty smoke, and it is recommended that one should not cook on a fire until all the fatwood has completely burned out. The smoke produced by "fatwood" is an excellent bug (especially mosquito) repellent.
Distribution.
There are between 105 and 125 species classified as resinous pine trees around the world. Species usable for fatwood are distributed across a range including Eurasia, where they range from the Canary Islands, Iberian Peninsula and Scotland east to the Russian Far East. From the Philippines, Norway, Finland and Sweden (Scots Pine), and eastern Siberia (Siberian Dwarf Pine), and south to northernmost Africa. From the Himalaya and Southeast Asia, with one species (Sumatran Pine) just crossing the Equator in Sumatra. In North America, they range from 66°N in Canada (Jack Pine), to Central America to 12°N in Nicaragua (Caribbean Pine). The highest diversity in the genus occurs in Mexico and California. In the sub-tropics of the Southern Hemisphere, including Chile, Brazil, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and New Zealand, where the trees are not indigenous but were introduced. Anywhere there is a pine tree or pine stump, there can be fatwood that can be found on top of the ground, but is more concentrated and preserved in stumps.
The United States.
In the United States the pine tree, "Pinus palustris", known as the Longleaf pine, once covered as much as but due to clear cutting was reduced by as much as 95% to 97%. The trees grow very large (up to 150 feet), taking 100 to 150 years to mature and can live up to 500 years. The wood was prized and cutting resulted in many hundreds of thousands of stumps that are very resinous, do not rot, and eventually become fatwood. This ushered in a new industry for many years. There is still a market for the wood, but supplies are less abundant. Due to the length of growing time, the "Pinus taeda", also called the Loblolly pine, replaced it for commercial replanting, with a maturity of only 38 to 45 years.
Industrial uses.
Industrial uses for fatwood include production of turpentine; when fatwood is cooked down in a fire kiln, the heavier resin product that results is tar. The steam that vaporizes from this process is turned into a liquid that becomes turpentine.
Other uses.
Tree resins or by-products are used in many different things to include;
See also.
Sugartown, Louisiana
Beauregard Parish, Louisiana

</doc>
<doc id="9621035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621035" title="Kostanay Airport">
Kostanay Airport

Kostanay Airport (, ) is an airport located southwest of Kostanay, Kazakhstan .
Runways of the airport can accept the following types of airplanes: Tu-134, Tu-154, An-22, Il-86 and some Boeing and Airbus airliners. There are regular and charter flights to many cities in Kazakhstan, many former Soviet republics, Germany, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, and others. These are also ports of entry and customs checkpoints located in the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9621042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621042" title="Baška (Frýdek-Místek District)">
Baška (Frýdek-Místek District)

Baška is a municipality in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located on Ostravice River, about 5 km southeast of Frýdek-Místek. The municipality has a population of 3,398 (2006) and consists of three villages ("Baška", "Hodoňovice" and "Kunčičky u Bašky") merged in 1960. On the northeast edge of Baška there is a shallow water reservoir (max. depth 6 m, area 33 ha) used for recreational purposes (bathing, fishing, caravan site).

</doc>
<doc id="9621055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621055" title="Bob Martin (basketball)">
Bob Martin (basketball)

Robert W. Martin (born October 7, 1969 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American professional basketball player, formerly in the NBA.
Martin, a 7'0" center from the University of Minnesota, played 53 games with the Los Angeles Clippers in 1993-94 and one game in 1994-95, averaging 2.1 points and 2.2 rebounds overall.

</doc>
<doc id="9621056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621056" title="Rahma bint El Hassan">
Rahma bint El Hassan

Princess Rahma bint El Hassan (born 13 August 1969 in Amman, Jordan) is a Jordanian princess. Her father is Prince Hassan bin Talal and her mother is Princess Sarvath El Hassan.
Marriage and children.
In July 1997, she married Alaa Batayneh, the son of Arif El Batayneh, one of Jordan's senators. Her husband is the country's current Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources. They have two children together:
Career.
Princess Rahma's work presently involves education and sports.

</doc>
<doc id="9621061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621061" title="Gândirea">
Gândirea

Gândirea ("The Thinking"), known during its early years as Gândirea Literară - Artistică - Socială ("The Literary - Artistic - Social Thinking"), was a Romanian literary, political and art magazine. 
Overview.
Founded by Cezar Petrescu and D. I. Cucu in the city of Cluj, and first issued on May 1, 1921 as a literary supplement for the Cluj-based "Voinţa", it was originally a modernist and expressionist-influenced journal. During its early existence, it attracted criticism from the traditional cultural establishment for allegedly allowing influences from Germanic Europe to permeate Romanian culture. "Gândirea" moved to Bucharest in October 1922, and, in 1926, its leadership was joined by the nationalist thinker Nichifor Crainic; he became its director and ideological guide in 1928, gradually moving it toward a mystical Orthodox focus — itself occasionally referred to as Gândirism. With just two interruptions in publication (1925 and 1933–34), "Gândirea" became one of the most important cultural magazines of the Romanian interwar period.
A proponent of home-grown traditionalist ideas, it eventually found itself in opposition to "Sburătorul", the modernist magazine headed by literary critic Eugen Lovinescu, as well as to the journal "Viaţa Românească", which stood for the left-wing and agrarian current known as Poporanism. In its later years, "Gândirea" routinely hosted fascist-inspired and antisemitic articles, largely reflecting Crainic's own political views. By then, numerous disputes were taking place between Crainic's supporters and former "Gândirea" collaborators such as literary critic Tudor Vianu and poet Tudor Arghezi. Additional debates were carried between Crainic and the centrist political figures Nicolae Iorga and Constantin Rădulescu-Motru over the nature of nationalism and religion in Romania. The magazine often identified its secularist adversaries with materialism, and occasionally accused modernist figures in Romanian literature of writing pornography.
"Gândirea" was briefly closed down over suspicions that it was supporting the fascist Iron Guard, and, between 1938 and 1944, endorsed the successive dictatorial regimes of the National Renaissance Front, the National Legionary State, and "Conducător" Ion Antonescu. During World War II, it expressed support for Antonescu's antisemitic policies, which Crainic claimed to have inspired. Together with all other publications Crainic was heading, "Gândirea" ceased to be published in 1944, as Romania ended its alliance with the Axis Powers.
Contributors.
Several circles were formed around "Gândirea", bringing together a large part of the period's Romanian intellectuals: Ion Barbu, Vasile Băncilă, Lucian Blaga, Dan Botta, Alexandru Busuioceanu, Mateiu Caragiale, Vasile Ciocâlteu, Oscar Walter Cisek, Anastase Demian, Radu Gyr, N. I. Herescu, Vintilă Horia, Adrian Maniu, Gib Mihăescu, Tiberiu Moşoiu, Ştefan I. Neniţescu, Ovidiu Papadima, Victor Papilian, Ioan Petrovici, Ion Pillat, V. I. Popa, Dragoş Protopopescu, Ion Marin Sadoveanu, Ion Sân-Giorgiu, Zaharia Stancu, Dumitru Stăniloae, Paul Sterian, Francisc Şirato, Al. O. Teodoreanu, Ionel Teodoreanu, Sandu Tudor, Tudor Vianu, Pan M. Vizirescu, Vasile Voiculescu, G. M. Zamfirescu.
Many other intellectuals and artists had their work published in "Gândirea", and some of them were only temporarily associated with the journal. They include Tudor Arghezi, George Călinescu, Şerban Cioculescu, Petre Pandrea, Mircea Eliade, Emil Cioran, Marcel Janco, Ion Vinea, and Mircea Vulcănescu.
History.
Beginnings.
For much of the 1920s, the magazine was a venue for modernist criticism, and involved in theoretical debates over the influence of German- and Austrian-influenced Expressionism on early 20th century culture. "Gândirea"'s early years coincided with the aftermath of World War I and the establishment of Greater Romania, making the magazine one of several newly established Romanian-language periodicals in the formerly Austro-Hungarian region of Transylvania. It has thus been argued that, before moving to Bucharest, the magazine was also involved in promoting a unitary Romanian culture inside the newly acquired province, but this appears to have been one of its secondary goals.
Without producing its own an artistic program, "Gândirea" counted among the few Romanian publications to praise Expressionist culture (its editors often extended the term to non-Expressionists such as Constantin Brâncuși, Max Reinhardt, Alexander Archipenko, and Dmitry Merezhkovsky). This focus on emotion and expression was especially present in essays contributed by Adrian Maniu and Ion Sân-Giorgiu, as well as in Ion Marin Sadoveanu's chronicles about the impact of Gothic traditions on early 20th century literature. The Expressionist trend, accompanied by "Gândirea"'s frequent and sympathetic reviews of Futurism and Dada, caused Crainic (who was only a correspondent at the time), to express his distaste.
Despite hosting a large number of essays on art criticism, and in contrast to the style of avant-garde journals such as "Contimporanul", "Gândirea" rarely featured Expressionist graphics. Notably, in 1924, the editors chose to illustrate an issue with a print by the proto-Expressionist Edvard Munch, commented upon by Tudor Vianu. Nevertheless, later in the same year, painter Francisc Şirato used "Gândirea" as a means to popularize his essays on "Visual Arts in Romania", in which he publicized his break with Expressionist influences and his newfound interest in Romanian specificity in local art and folklore. In parallel, Oskar Walter Cisek's art chronicle (published between 1923 and 1929), gave, overall, equal exposure to all existing modernist trends.
Literature produced by the first of several "Gândirea" circles received criticism from several traditionalist circles, for being one of "sick modernists". Notably, the historian and politician Nicolae Iorga, one of the major cultural figures of his time, cited fears that Romania was becoming "Germanized". He argued that, aside from Crainic's poetry it published, the magazine was copying Germanic ideals originating with the art groups of Munich and Vienna ("["Gândirea" is] the window copy of modernist jargon muttered by Munich only to be responded through other parrotings, insane or charlatanesque, by Vienna").
By that moment, however, the magazine was itself fusing Expressionist influences with traditionalist aesthetic goals, to the point where it had become, according to Lucian Blaga, "a bouquet of centrifugal tendencies". During the 1920s, "Gândirea" hosted polemical articles by the traditionalists and traditionalist-inspired Iorga, Crainic, Cezar Petrescu, and Pamfil Şeicaru. Writing much later, Crainic expressed his opinion that the two visions were only apparently contradictory:
"Expressionism in painting is a German fatality. But from it has migrated towards us as well. [... Have the poetry of Blaga and Adrian Maniu, the theater of Blaga, Maniu, lost their ethnic (and therefore traditional) specificity for having borrowed the expressionist style from wherever?"
Reviewing the emphasis of traditionalism subsequently present in "Gândirea"'s pages, the critic Ovid Crohmălniceanu argued that it was no less an evidence of a new kind of literature. Although the main proponent of traditionalism, Crainic himself remained open to some modernist influences, and translated the innovative works of Rainer Maria Rilke into Romanian.
Early conflicts.
From the late 1920s and over much of its existence, Crainic's press engaged in polemics with modernists of the Eugen Lovinescu school, which at times turned into accusations that Lovinescu was "a petty poser" and "a falsifier of Romanian culture". Crainic and his traditionalist followers rejected Lovinescu's views on local "synchronism" with Western culture. Their attitude in regard to the latter has drawn comparisons with Protochronist messages in Communist Romania, both claiming the superiority and primacy of Romanian culture over its Western counterparts. Although Crainic publicized his thoughts on the matter mainly through his other periodical, "Sfarmă-Piatră", "Gândirea" notably hosted a 1926 article in which he likened the fight against Lovinescu's influence to "a second independence Romania".
During the 1930s, "Gândirea" was at the center of virulent polemics involving, on one side, former contributors such as Tudor Arghezi and Tudor Vianu, and, on the other, those younger journalists who recognized Crainic as their mentor. Initially, this took the form of a "Gândirist" critique of both Modernism and the socialist-inspired current known as Poporanism: in a 1930 article for "Gândirea", Crainic notably indicated his distaste for "the irremediable materialism" he believed to be professed by the rival "Viaţa Românească".
Following this, Vianu, whose political options contrasted with the new trend, chose to discontinue his contributions and joined the staff at "Viaţa Românească"; although Lucian Blaga shared some views with Crainic, he too decided to distance himself from the magazine as early as 1930 (writing to Vianu that he did not consider himself a "disciple of our common friend Nichifor's Orthodoxy").
Crainic's impact.
In December 1931, as the magazine celebrated its first decade, Crainic summed up "Gândirea"'s guidelines, stressing that its commitment to Orthodoxy, the Romanian monarchy and nationalism:
"[...] set apart a person from our generation from a thousand others — are nothing other than absolutely necessary conditions which make possible the true spiritual life. [... This is what our precursors cannot comprehend, a sad generation liquidating a culture that was not theirs and through this was not even cultural."
The "Viaţa Românească" columnist George Călinescu was skeptical of Crainic's politics, and noted his alternation between various nationalist camps. Commenting on "Gândirea"'s choice to support Carol II at the time when he replaced his son Mihai I as king (1930), he likened Crainic to Judas Iscariot:
"is a person incapable of any privation, seeker of pieces of silver and worldly pleasures, great seeker of noisy shindings where pistols are being fired, a cajoler and a careerist, outrageously dedicating "Gândirea" today to HRM Mihai, tomorrow to HRM Carol II, the day after tomorrow to the great apostle of the nation Nicolae Iorga, at any moment when the homage could be tied to the pursuit of a personal interest."
At the time, "Gândirism" owed inspiration to Russian "émigré" authors, both Orthodox traditionalists such as Nikolai Berdyaev and several advocates of the nationalist and mystical Eurasianist trend (Nikolai Trubetzkoy, Pyotr Savitsky, Pyotr Alexeyev, and Ivan Ilyin). Around 1934, Crainic reflected upon the connection his magazine had with other traditionalist cultural institutions, and concluded that his group was fulfilling the legacy of the more secular but equally traditionalist magazine "Sămănătorul" ("Over the land that we have learned to love from "Sămănătorul" we see arching itself the azure tarpaulin of the Orthodox Church. We see this substance of this Church blending in with the ethnic substance.") 
More than a decade later, Călinescu argued that an enduring trait of "Gândirism" (to which he referred as "Orthodoxism") had been a manifest belief in miracles. He believed to have noticed this in the works of "Gândirea" contributors such as Mircea Vulcănescu (in his homage to the deceased painter Sabin Popp, whom he allegedly regarded as "a saint"), Vasile Ciocâlteu ("who asks from God, in one of his poems, the favor to hold hot coals in his hands") and the Athonite pilgrim Sandu Tudor (who believed in "the workings of a mysterious miracle" as explanations for various events).
In his later columns for "Gândirea", Crainic focused on explaining his ideal of ethnocracy in connection with the magazine's overall goals. This involved the denunciation of "foreign elements" and "minority islands", with a specific focus on the Jewish-Romanian community ("Jews make use of an indolent hospitality in order to deprive our kin of its ancient patrimony") and its alleged connections with the political establishment ("In statements, in speeches and in acts of government our democrats have always declared themselves on the side of intruders and the allogeneous"). According to Călinescu, Crainic, unlike the regime in Nazi Germany, was not condoning racism as much as religious antisemitism:
"For reasons of churchly policy, the race factor is averted and takes a stand against [racism in Nazi Germany and those nationalists who advocate the elimination of Christianized Jews and deny them baptism. 'The Church is open to all'. Although it is not said outright, it is understood that a baptized Jew becomes a Romanian, Nation and Religion being correlated notions. [...] "Gândirea" has thus received plenty of rallied, that is to say Orthodoxized, Jews."
In parallel, around 1931, the magazine's approach to philosophy was criticized by the Personalist thinker Constantin Rădulescu-Motru, who deemed it "belletristic"; the traditionalist philosopher Mircea Vulcănescu, although himself only occasionally associated with "Gândirea", defended Crainic's influence in front of the pragmatic conservative "Junimist" tradition arguably represented by Rădulescu-Motru inside the University of Bucharest. Writing in 1937, Crainic celebrated "Gândirea"'s role in making nationalism and Orthodoxy priorities in Romania's intellectual and political life:
"The term 'ethnic' with its meaning of 'ethnic specificity' imprinted in all sorts of expressions of the people, as a mark of its original properties, has been spread for 16 years by the journal "Gândirea". The same thing applies to the terms of autochthonism, traditionalism, Orthodoxy, spirituality and many more which became the shared values of our current nationalist language."
1934 hiatus and recovery.
A scandal erupted in 1934, when the magazine was closed down over Crainic's implication in the trial of Premier Ion G. Duca's assassins, all of them members of the fascist Iron Guard (a movement to which Crainic was close at the time). Instigation of the killing was attributed to, among others, Crainic, who faced trial; "Gândirea", like "Calendarul" (his other major journal), was closed down by the authorities. The editor was eventually acquitted, but "Calendarul" was never allowed to resume print. Instead, Crainic focused his energy on issuing "Sfarmă-Piatră".
Following its reemergence, "Gândirea" was again involved in a debate with Rădulescu-Motru. Among others, the latter contended that the "Gândirist" focus on Orthodoxy clashed with the traditional openness Romanian nationalism (which he referred to as "Romanianism") had towards modernization, equating Crainic's thought with "xenophobia" and "nationalist patter". In response, Crainic accused Rădulescu-Motru of displaying "a Masonic aversion towards Orthodoxy", and of not having grasped the sense of spirituality (to the statement ""Romanianism" is a spirituality coming to justify a realist order", he replied "Any man knows that the word spirituality has a strictly religious meaning"). Later, he defined Rădulescu-Motru's thought as "militant philosophical atheism", and, in a "Gândirea" article of 1937, referred to him as a "philosophic simpleton ["găgăuţ"]".
As early as April 1933, Crainic wrote articles welcoming Adolf Hitler's rise to power in Germany, and began support for corporatist goals. Four years later, he authored a "Gândirea" article in which he praised Benito Mussolini and Italian fascism as the most adequate authoritarian alternative to positivism, materialism, capitalism and socialism alike: 
"is a spiritual political concept manifestations, torn away from the tight circle of positivism and freed from the suffocating prison of materialism, fall into order on the ghostly marrow of history, prolonging themselves into the recess of past centuries and into the anticipations of the coming century. [... A man bears there, under his vast dome-like forehead, our European century: Benito Mussolini. [...] The State created by Mussolini is the exemplary State. [...] Fascism is no longer capitalism, no longer socialism, but an authoritarian adjustment of every factor in production, geared into a social organism where nothing is left to chance. [...] More than any other country, Romania needs such a moral transformation in the depths of its soul [...] the spirit of a new Rome will suggest the shape of history destined to be created by a nationalist Romania."
This coincided with friendly relations between Crainic and the Italian "Comitati d'azione per l'universalità di Roma" (CAUR, the "Fascist International"), first evidenced in 1933-1934, at a time when Mussolini was undecided over the local political movement which was to attract his support. CAUR was planning to advance Crainic money to start a new publication, entirely dedicated to support for the Italian model, but the design was abandoned when Ugo Sola, the Italian ambassador in Bucharest, advised against it (Sola had been refused by the Iron Guard when approaching them with a similar proposal). As CAUR ended its all its relations with the Guard (who opted instead in favor of Nazi backing), it kept its contacts with Crainic and other less revolutionary-minded Romanian politicians — Mihail Manoilescu, Alexandru Averescu, Nicolae Iorga, Alexandru Vaida-Voevod, Octavian Goga and A. C. Cuza. In 1935, Crainic, who had been a vice president of Cuza's National-Christian Defense League, joined the fascist National Christian Party, but split with it after his ethnocratic ideal was dismissed by older party politicians (1937).
Writing in 1938 for his "Porunca Vremii", Crainic argued:
"There exists authority based on love. The latter is Mussolini's authority over his people. It bursts out of the characteristic forces of the creative personality, like fire provoked by exploding bombs. Mussolini does not terrorize, for Mussolini does not kill. Mussolini attracts. [...] All his system is based on the fervent and unanimous adherence of his people."
Late 1930s polemics.
After Emil Cioran published his "The Transfiguration of Romania" in 1937, Crainic reacted to the book's pro-totalitarian but overtly skeptic message, calling it "a bloody, merciless, massacre of today's Romania, without even fear of matricide and sacrilege". To Cioran's support for modernization on a model which owed inspiration to both Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, as well as to his criticism of Romanian traditions, Crainic replied by urging young people in general not to abandon "faith in our kin's rising century". 
In early 1938, Nicolae Iorga, who had by then come into open conflict with the Iron Guard, voiced criticism of "Cuvântul" (a paper associated with the latter political movement), arguing that, despite an emphasis on traditionalism and localism, its ideological guidelines took direct inspiration from the foreign models of Nazism and Italian fascism. The dispute, involving, on the other side, Nae Ionescu, drew echoes in "Gândirea" — also challenged by Vulcănescu's argument that "Gândirea" had failed in their attempt to identify with Orthodoxy, Crainic polemized that "Gândirism" was in fact opposed to all forms of leftist and rightist internationalism (the "internationalist currents dominating our age"). At the time, publications headed by Ionescu and Crainic, despite maintaining separate visions on several core issues, showed equal support for a number of ideas (up to a certain point, Crainic was a direct influence on Ionescu). Iorga and Crainic had come to clash over Crainic's emphasis on religion (in front of Iorga's secularism), his political choices, as well as the few links Crainic still maintained with modernism. 
Similar criticism of Crainic's political influence on "Gândirea" was voiced, in retrospect, by Pamfil Şeicaru (himself connected with the Iron Guard for part of his life). Şeicaru believed that the magazine aimed to adapt the influential ideas of Roman Catholic political activism (the Catholic Action) to an Orthodox environment: "[Crainic's] Orthodoxism was meant to facilitate the establishment of a party similar to the Democatholic ones". He also argued that
"A political-Orthodox movement crystallized inside a party is destined to be a vain attempt, no matter how much talent N. Crainic may have. And a political ambition is not enough in creating a large-scale social movement. Hence the deviation of "Gândirea" magazine from its initial impulse."
The magazine's articles featured accusations that Tudor Arghezi's group, together with others writers, was condoning "pornography", and "Gândirea" sided with Iorga's similar views on Arghezi's work. In this context, Crainic and his collaborators included antisemitic texts in "Gândirea"'s columns. At the time, through the voice of Crainic, the magazine hailed Nazi Germany for having "immediately thrown over the border all Judaic pornographers and even those German writers infected with Judaism", and Fascist Italy for "immediately sanctioning a scabrous short story writer".
1940s.
Eventually, Crainic rallied with King Carol II's National Renaissance Front (FRN) and the authoritarian cabinet of Ion Gigurtu, inspiring the drafting antisemitic legislation, and being appointed to the leadership of the Propaganda Ministry. Despite the violent conflict between Carol and the Iron Guard, he continued to be ambivalent towards the latter, especially after the FRN was confronted with the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia and the Second Vienna Award; Crainic allowed its activists to broadcast their anthem on public radio, carrying on as minister during the World War II Iron Guard government (the National Legionary State). 
In 1941, celebrating twenty years of existence, "Gândirea" hosted Crainic's thoughts on the "Jewish Question" and the new authoritarian and antisemitic regime of Ion Antonescu, which it had come to support:
"Throughout this time [...], Judaism was our most bitter enemy. Not an adversary, but an enemy [...]. Today, Judaism is vanquished. A splendid act of justice has suppressed left-wing publications "Adevărul", "Dimineaţa" and "Lupta". The rest, it was only in 1940 that I could carry out when, as Minister of Propaganda, I extirpated all Jewish daily and weekly publications in Romania. The holy right of speaking in the name of Romanianism belongs now to Romanians exclusively. [...] There shall be no more artistic and cultural ideals where Judaism could dissimulate itself."
Following the recovery of Bessarabia during Operation Barbarossa, "Gândirea" joined the group of magazines that were blaming the territory's original loss on the Bessarabian Jewish community, while Crainic identified past and present Soviet policies with Judeo-Bolshevism.
Disestablishment and legacy.
The magazine ceased publication in 1944, after the August 23 Coup overthrew Antonescu and the Soviet Red Army entered Romania ("see Soviet occupation of Romania"). In May 1945, Crainic was tried "in absentia" by a Communist Party-dominated People's Tribunal, as part of the "fascist journalists' group" (alongside Pamfil Şeicaru, Stelian Popescu, Grigore Manoilescu, and Radu Gyr). He was charged with instigating racial hatred, endorsing the war against the Soviet Union, and helping to keep secret the war crimes of the Antonescu regime. Found guilty, Crainic was sentenced to life imprisonment and hard labor (captured in 1947, he was to serve 15 years in the prisons of Communist Romania).
In a poll of 102 Romanian literary critics conducted in 2001 by the literary magazine "Observator Cultural", the novel "Craii de Curtea-Veche", written by Mateiu Caragiale and published in "Gândirea" in 1926-1927, was chosen "best Romanian novel of the twentieth century".

</doc>
<doc id="9621063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621063" title="Lumber edger">
Lumber edger

A lumber edger is a saw used to straighten and smooth rough lumber or bowed stock by making a cut along the sides of the boards. The result of this process is dimensional lumber.
In a saw mill the edger is next in line from the head saw. The feed and press rollers on the edger are usually powered, passing the lumber through the machine. The length of feed and tables depends upon the lumber produced by the head saw.
Edgers can be categorized as gang or shifting edgers. In gang edgers the saws remain stationary. In a shifting edger the saws can move left or right independently of one another. This allows setting the saws to best maximize the product that can be produced from a particular cant.

</doc>
<doc id="9621096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621096" title="David Williamson (disambiguation)">
David Williamson (disambiguation)

David Williamson (born 1942) is an Australian playwright.
David Williamson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9621104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621104" title="Belgutei">
Belgutei

Belgutei was the son of Yesugei and half-brother to Genghis Khan. He also became general to Genghis Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="9621123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621123" title="Park Hyatt Resort Aviara">
Park Hyatt Resort Aviara

Aviara, in Carlsbad, California, is part of the Park Hyatt chain. Prior to June 21, 2010, it was part of the Toronto-based Four Seasons chain of luxury hotels and resorts.
History.
Completed in 1997, Aviara was designed in Spanish Colonial architecture and set on plateau overlooking the Batiquitos Lagoon and Wildlife Preserve. The resort was constructed with an 18-hole Arnold Palmer-designed golf course and a spa, which was rated a top resort spa by Zagat in 2001 and "Condé Nast Traveler" in 2002.
Amenities.
The Golf Club, designed by Arnold Palmer, was honored with Golf Magazine's 2004 Gold Medal Resorts Award and ranked on Golf Digest's Top 75 Golf Resorts.

</doc>
<doc id="9621193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621193" title="Héctor Anglada">
Héctor Anglada

Héctor Anglada (January 31, 1976 in Villa Carlos Paz, Córdoba Province, Argentina – March 2, 2002 in Burzaco, Buenos Aires, Argentina in a road accident) was a film and television actor.
He worked in the cinema of Argentina.
Awards.
Wins

</doc>
<doc id="9621281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621281" title="Brian Eno discography">
Brian Eno discography

This page contains information related to recordings by English electronic musician, music theorist and record producer Brian Eno.

</doc>
<doc id="9621333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621333" title="Paul-Louis Simond">
Paul-Louis Simond

Paul-Louis Simond was a French physician and biologist whose major contribution to science was his demonstration that the intermediates in the transmission of bubonic plague from rats to humans are the fleas "Xenopsylla cheopis" that dwell on infected rats.
Early Life.
Paul-Louis Simond was born in Beaufort-sur-Gervanne, (Drome, France) on July 30, 1858. From 1878 to 1882 Simond was an assistant in Medical and Biological Sciences at the School of Medicine and Pharmacy in Bordeaux, and he began his medical training there. From 1882 to 1886 he served as director of a leprosarium near Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni, French Guyana, where he contracted an attenuated form of yellow fever. He returned to Bordeaux in 1886 and the following year he received his medical doctorate with a prize-winning thesis on leprosy.
Career.
In 1895 he began work at the Pasteur Institute in Paris and while working in the laboratory of Elie Metchnikoff, he was the first to provide a comprehensive description of the sexual reproductive processes of Coccidia. This work provided experimental support for the theory of evolutionary dimorphism which had been put forward by R. Pfeiffer. 
In 1897, when Alexandre Yersin was transferred by the Pasteur Institute to a post in Vietnam, his position in Bombay was filled by Simond, who was to test the efficacy of an experimental antiserum against the outbreak of plague in that city. The following year, Simond was in Karachi where, despite limited resources, he was able to demonstrate that fleas transmit the bacterium Yersinia pestis, the agent causing bubonic plague, from rat to rat, and from rat to human. His ingenious experiments are described in his report to the Pasteur Institute on the spread of plague ("La propagation de la peste"), which was published in 1898 by Pierre Paul Emile Roux in the "Annales de l'Institut Pasteur". For this work Simond was awarded the Barbier prize from the French Academy of Medicine. His findings were not initially accepted by the scientific community, but were validated later by others and by 1907 his conclusions were accepted as scientific fact.
From 1898 to 1901 Simond served as director of the Pasteur Institute in Saigon organizing a modern vaccine service. From 1901 to 1905 he participated on a mission to study yellow fever in Brazil where he and his colleagues confirmed the results that the U.S. Army Commission led by Walter Reed had just obtained in Cuba. These revealed that the amaril virus is the pathogen present in the blood of patients, and that this virus can be conveyed to humans by the mosquito species, "Stegomyia fasciata" (later renamed "Aedes aegypti"). In 1908-09 he conducted yellow fever research in Martinique. From 1911 to 1913 he served as Director of the Imperial Bacteriology Research Institute in Constantinople.
Simond also had a keen interest in botany; during his stay as a colonial doctor in Indochina from 1914 until 1917, he collected orchids and had a local artist create watercolor paintings of them. He amassed a collection of 226 watercolor paintings of orchids which were presented to the "Phanerogamie" of the "Muséum national d'histoire naturelle" 
Paul-Louis Simond died in Valence (Drôme, France) on March 3, 1947 at the age 88.

</doc>
<doc id="9621397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621397" title="James Henry Gundy">
James Henry Gundy

James Henry Gundy (March 22, 1880 - November 10, 1951) was a Canadian businessman who co-founded Wood Gundy and Company, stockbrokerage in Toronto, Ontario in 1905.
He was born in Harriston, Ontario and at age eighteen moved to Toronto where he was employed by Central Canada Loan and Savings Co., a company started by George Albertus Cox. In 1900 he joined the newly formed stock brokerage firm, Dominion Securities In 1905 he and fellow Dominion Securities employee George Herbert Wood teamed up to go into the municipal and provincial bond underwriting business. They formed Wood Gundy and Company with offices on the corner of King and Yonge streets in downtown Toronto. 
Gundy became a successful and influential member of the Canadian financial community. During World War I, he was Chair of Special Subscriptions Committee - Victory Loans 1911-1918. He served as President of the Investment Dealers Association of Canada 1920-1921, was a Governor of the Investment Bankers' Association of America, and served on the Board of Directors of Canada Cement, Massey-Harris, Simpsons Ltd, Dominion Steel and Coal Company.
James Gundy donated the land for Serena Gundy Park in Toronto, named in his first wife's memory. His son Charles Lake Gundy became President of Wood Gundy and served until his death in 1978.
He died in 1951 and was buried in the Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="9621412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621412" title="Henriette Ivanans">
Henriette Ivanans

Henriette Ivanans (born October 29, 1968 in Toronto, Canada) is an actress. She is of Latvian and Danish heritage; her father is from Riga, and her mother is from Copenhagen. She is a graduate of Ryerson Theatre School in Toronto, Canada which boasts Eric McCormack and David James Elliott as alumni. Henriette appeared for 2 seasons on the hit CBC series Liberty Street as well as making many notable theatre performances in Toronto including The Shaw Festival in Niagara on the Lake. After many years in Canadian and American television work, she moved to Los Angeles and continues to work in television and film, most recently in "JAG", "Strong Medicine", "Star Trek Voyager" and the film "Smother", which stars Diane Keaton, Liv Tyler, and Dax Shepard.

</doc>
<doc id="9621435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621435" title="Ear Falls">
Ear Falls

Ear Falls is a small settlement and township located in Northwestern Ontario, Canada, on the right bank of the English River near the outlet of Lac Seul. It is located along Highway 105, north of Highway 17 and Vermilion Bay, about halfway between Highway 17 and Red Lake, or about northwest of Thunder Bay.
Ear Falls is entirely surrounded by Unorganized Kenora District.
Etymology.
There are different versions of how the settlement was named after the eponymous falls. The following are three versions of the story found in the museum archives:
The early French fur traders' name for the falls was "Portage D'Oreille", or literally speaking, "carrying place of the ear". Upper Ear Falls, about 1.5 miles upstream, was drowned out when the lake level was raised some when the power dam came into operation, and nothing of it remains today except dangerous ripple rapids with a very strong current.
History.
Fur trade (1680–1880).
The beginning of the 17th century marked the arrival of French explorers to Northwestern Ontario and the beginning of the fur trade. The fur trade would remain the predominant business in the North for the next 200 years. The Hudson's Bay Company and the North West Company were rivals for most of the fur trade era. In 1821 both companies united, and posts were set up in the Ear Falls area on Lac Seul and Red Lake. Remains of these posts could be seen along the lakes in the area until the 1920s when the construction of the Lac Seul Dam caused a rise in the water levels and the remnants of the fur trade were covered with water.
The arrival of the railway in the 1880s began the decline of the fur trade. The Hudson's Bay Company shifted the focus of their posts to meet the needs of the new residents in the area: supplies for miners, lumbermen and settlers were sold at posts and stores in the Ear Falls area.
The railway era (1880–1916).
Following the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway between 1870 and 1885, geologist and surveyors mapped Northwestern Ontario. By 1923, the Canadian National Railway was extended through the boundary of West Patricia with two lines: The Grand Trunk Railway and the Canadian Northern Railway. The railway opened the area to the development of timber, fish and mineral resources.
Development of Ear Falls did not occur immediately with the arrival of the railways as the lines were not close to the town, but occurred when the fur trade was altered as a result of the railway. Supplies were brought in and furs were taken out at the closest point to the rail. Warehouses were erected for shipping and receiving at Hudson (near Sioux Lookout). A steamer was placed on Lac Seul to enhance freight operations.
Red Lake and Central Patricia gold developments (1925–present).
The discovery of gold at Red Lake in 1925 initiated a rise in development throughout areas north of the railways. In the following years, thousands of claims were staked from Favorable Lake in the west to Pickle Lake in the east. 
Transportation routes, settlements and power supplies were developed to support the mining industry. It was the success of the gold mines which led to the shaping of the region's transportation, land use and settlements patterns. It was also the Red Lake Gold developments that provided incentive for settlers to locate to Ear Falls. The falls were located on the primary freight route from Hudson to Red Lake.
A generating station was constructed by Ontario Hydro in order to supply power to the mines at Red Lake, which lead to the creation of the Hydro colony at Ear Falls. By the 1930s, Ear Falls had replaced Goldpines as the main settlement in the area. When bush planes became more affordable to transport goods, Ear Falls became the jump off point to Red Lake.
Hydro power development.
During the 1920s, the Federal Government considered proposals to regulate the water in the Winnipeg River. By constructing the dam at the head of Lac Seul, the lake would become a large reservoir, retaining the spring run-off for use by power developments downstream on both the English and Winnipeg River systems. Lower Ear Falls was the selected location for the Lac Seul dam.
The construction of the dam at Ear Falls began in the spring of 1928, but not before camp buildings were constructed along the east side of the river. A coffer dam, two earth dikes, excavation and preparations of the foundations of the dam were also completed before construction began. The pouring of concrete commenced in November and work on the dam continued throughout the winter months.
The conservation dam was an economical means to create a storage basis for power developments in both Ontario and Manitoba. The construction of the dam had a dramatic impact on the lake due to a rise in water levels. Upper Ear Falls was drowned out by the dam, and well known landforms around the lake disappeared under the water level.
Ontario Hydro played an instrumental role in the development of Ear Falls. The company realized that many of its generating stations in Northern Ontario were situated in isolated areas. In order to retain operators for these plants, the company recognized that they would need to supply quality housing, schools, recreation halls, stores, hospitals and other buildings. The company also supplied provisions for water supply, electrical services, sewage disposal and fire protection. In 1937, a colony was constructed at Ear Falls.
Mining and forestry revival (1945–present).
During the Second World War, there was a 50% decline in the gold mining industry in the Patricia District. With the end of the war and the opening of Highway 105 in 1947, the mining industry in the region was renewed. Ear Falls was now linked by road to the Trans-Canada Highway and to Red Lake.
At this time, the Chukuni Lumber Company was operating at Snake Falls. The operation consisted of a saw mill, a small box mill, and about a dozen houses lining the trail that ran through the lumber yards to the saw mill. The children of the workers were bussed to school in Ear Falls. By 1954, plans were made to move the mill operations to Ear Falls. The workers constructed houses north of the highway, along the hydro line. The Chukuni Lumber Company was eventually purchased by the Dryden Paper Company and in the late 1950s it was closed.
In the early 1950s, ore deposits were discovered on Bruce Lake north of Ear Falls. In 1966 Stelco, an iron pelletizing plant, was developed in the area. The Canadian Northern Railway constructed a line to the mine which crossed highway 105 to the south of Ear Falls and the outlet of Lac Seul to the east of the dam. A new town site containing 100 residential units was developed in Ear Falls North of the dam. Today the mine is closed and the rail line has been abandoned.
On May 14, 1998, the Ear Falls Sawmill opened to produce dimensional lumber (Premium, Stud, #3 & Btr, Economy; 2x3, 2x4, 2x6; 6' to 9' length). The sawmill is CSA certified with a capacity of 150MMfbm. The sawmill was built by Avenor Inc. and later sold to Weyerhaeuser, then to Domtar, and is now owned by Eacom Timber Corporation. The sawmill was operational from 1998 to 2009. There were intermittent closures in 2008, and was closed indefinitely in 2009 due to unfavourable market conditions. Eacom has announced a plan to reopen the sawmill with an anticipated start date in mid- to late- 2014.
In 2013, EACOM and the local union, Unifor, signed an 8-year agreement from 2014 to 2022. It is anticipated that once the sawmill is operational it will operate at full capacity. Unifor estimates as many as 125 of its members will have work at the sawmill site and up to 175 more will be employed in log harvesting and hauling operation.
Tourism (1945–present).
The construction of highway 105 helped to introduce tourism to the area, with hunting and fishing camps constructed on lakeshore sites along the highway. It also provided access points to Lac Seul, Cedar River and Chukuni River. Ear Falls is a natural funnel for supplies and services, due to its location between Vermillion Bay and Red Lake and its waterway access points.
A tourist camp was built around the former Hudson's Bay store at Goldpines. Camps were also operated at Little Canada and Snake Falls. Once the Ontario Hydro construction at Manitou Falls was completed and the lumber company had closed, the tourist industry became the economic mainstay of the Ear Falls community. Hunting and fishing have been a popular draw to the area for years, and more recently, eco-tourism has added an additional element to the tourism experience of Ear Falls.
Demographics.
Historic populations:
Services.
Ear Falls offers essential services and shopping for residents and tourists. The municipal water and sewage treatment plants are able to support a population of five times the current population.
Other facilities include a Community Health Centre (built in 2010) and a Municipal Government Building (constructed in 2011).
Education.
Ear Falls has an elementary school and day care service, while older children go to secondary school in Red Lake.
Activities.
Ear Falls tourism is centered on outdoor recreation. It has numerous fishing and hunting camps located throughout the area, catering to both novice and seasoned fishermen alike. Each year during the hunting season, the town draws hundreds of hunters from all over the world.
In the summer months, mountain biking, ATVs and hiking are ways to see the wildlife and experience the outdoors. In the winter months, activities include snowmobiling, snow-shoeing and cross-country skiing.
Every year, the community hosts the annual Trout Forest Music Festival (http://www.troutfest.com).

</doc>
<doc id="9621437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621437" title="Small Constitution of 1947">
Small Constitution of 1947

Small Constitution of 1947 () was a temporary constitution issued by the communist-dominated Sejm (Polish parliament) of 1947-1952. It confirmed the practice of separation of powers and strengthened the Sejm. It was renewed in 1949, 1950 and 1951. It recognized some articles of the previous March Constitution of Poland (1921) and PKWN Manifesto (1944), whereas the Constitution of 1935 was declared null and void as fascist. It was replaced in 1952 by the Constitution of the People's Republic of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9621438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621438" title="List of United States Senators in the 95th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 95th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 95th Congress from January 3, 1977 to January 3, 1979.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1978 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="9621445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621445" title="Kyzylorda Airport">
Kyzylorda Airport

Kyzylorda Airport is an airport located southeast of Kyzylorda (formerly known as Kzyl-Orda), the capital city of the Kyzylorda Province in Kazakhstan.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which measures .

</doc>
<doc id="9621458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621458" title="George Benson (Quaker)">
George Benson (Quaker)

George William Benson (1808–1879) was an American Quaker abolitionist from Connecticut who assisted Prudence Crandall in her education efforts. His father George Benson (Sr.) (1752–1836) was also active in opposing slavery. He was one of the founders of the utopian Northampton Association, and was the brother-in-law of William Lloyd Garrison. Sojourner Truth, who worked for him for a time as a housekeeper, was introduced to Garrisonian abolitionism in his home, which Crandall called an "asylum for the oppressed."

</doc>
<doc id="9621466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621466" title="Bini">
Bini

Bini may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9621474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621474" title="Dermatosis papulosa nigra">
Dermatosis papulosa nigra

Dermatosis papulosa nigra (DPN) is a condition of many small, benign skin lesions on the face, a condition generally presenting on dark-skinned individuals. DPN is extremely common, affecting up to 30% of Blacks in the US. From a histological perspective, DPN resembles seborrheic keratoses. The condition may be cosmetically undesirable to some patients.
They should not be confused for Leser-Trélat sign, a sudden explosion of lesions due to a growing tumor.
Pathophysiology.
The pathophysiology of DPN is unknown. Evidence of family history may suggest a genetic propensity.
Mortality/Morbidity.
DPN is benign and not associated with any mortality or morbidity.
Epidemiology.
DPN affects up to 35% of the African American population in the USA Insufficient data is available on the international frequency of DPN.
Lesions generally emerge during puberty, increasing steadily in number and size as an individual ages.
Blacks with a fair complexion have the lowest frequency of involvement. DPN also occurs among Asians, although the exact incidence is unknown. Females are affected more frequently than males. Dermatosis papulosa nigra generally emerges in adolescence and is rarely in persons younger than 7 years The incidence, size and number of lesions of DPN increases with age.
Treatment.
DPN lesions are benign and no treatment generally is indicated unless lesions are cosmetically undesirable. Surgical options including currettage, cryotherapy and laser therapy are options Scarring, postoperative skin discoloration, scarring or keloid formation are potential complication. Therefore, conservative treatment is advisable.
Prognosis.
DPN is not a premalignant condition nor is it associated with any underlying systemic disease, thus, the progosis for patients is excellent. DPN lesions show no tendency to regress spontaneously, and often increase in size and quantity as an individual ages.

</doc>
<doc id="9621503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621503" title="Rated X-mas">
Rated X-mas

Rated Xmas is a music parody album. The songs on the album are parodies of popular Christmas songs, but with graphic, often sexual, lyrics.
Legal controversy.
In May, 2000, several record labels, including Warner Music Group, sued the album's distributor, Party on Parody Productions, alleging that the album infringed on the copyright of the Christmas songs it spoofs. In December, the case was settled, and all remaining copies of the album were destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="9621574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621574" title="May 1957 Central Plains tornado outbreak sequence">
May 1957 Central Plains tornado outbreak sequence

The May 1957 Central Plains tornado outbreak sequence was a tornado outbreak sequence that took place across the US Central Plains from May 19 to May 21, 1957. The most destructive tornado of the outbreak was rated at F5, the highest level, and is often called the Ruskin Heights tornado. The worst of the damage occurred in the Ruskin Heights area, a suburb and housing development south of Kansas City, Missouri. 57 tornadoes were reported from Colorado to the Mississippi Valley and 59 people were killed during the outbreak, including 44 in the Ruskin Heights tornado.

</doc>
<doc id="9621592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621592" title="Mutthigunj">
Mutthigunj

Mutthigunj is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India

</doc>
<doc id="9621600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621600" title="Bahadurgunj">
Bahadurgunj

Bahadurgunj is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India

</doc>
<doc id="9621655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621655" title="Charles Langford">
Charles Langford

Charles Douglas Langford (December 9, 1922 – February 11, 2007) was an Alabama state senator who represented Rosa Parks in the famous civil rights case of the 1960s. Attorney Langford served in the Alabama Legislature as a State Representative, District 77, Montgomery County, from 1976 to 1983, and as a State Senator, District 26, Montgomery County, from 1983 to 2002. He was the sixth child of Nathan G. and Lucy Brown Langford. Mr. Langford was one of two black lawyers in Montgomery at this time. He was born into a Christian family and was baptized as an infant at St. John’s AME Church.
Early Education.
Mr. Charles Langford completed two years at Tuskegee Institute before being drafted in the US Army during World War II, where he served overseas as a truck driver in the European Theater Operation. Mr. Langford had an honorable discharge from the Army in 1946. Mr. Langford earned his law degree from The Catholic University. He continued his education at Tennessee State University, earning a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business in 1948. He was a partner in the law firm of Gray, Langford, Sapp, McGowan, Gray and Nathanson.
Cases Involved In.
Mr. Langford was also a lawyer who represented civil rights activist Rosa Parks subsequent to her arrest on December 1, 1955 for refusing to give up her seat to a white man on a Montgomery bus. In 1993, representing a group of black legislators, Mr. Langford helped end the flying of a Confederate battle flag from the dome of the State Capitol in Montgomery. In 1964 he represented Arlam Carr in a lawsuit against Montgomery’s Board of Education that led to the desegregation of the city’s public schools.
Later on in life.
In 1953, he was admitted to the Alabama State Bar, and opened his law office on Monroe Street in Montgomery. Langford stayed in Montgomery and continued to represent local African-Americans in civil rights cases. He served five terms in the Senate before retiring in 2002. Survivors include a sister, Mattie Lee Langford. Mr Langford died on February 11, 2007 at his home in Montgomery. He was 84. Mr. Langford died in his sleep, his niece Audrey Anderson told The Associated Press. Mr. Langfords funeral was held on Friday, February 16, 2007 at St. John's African Methodist Episcopal Church. Attorney Langford’s legal career spanned more than fifty years.

</doc>
<doc id="9621656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621656" title="Financial sponsor">
Financial sponsor

A financial sponsor is private equity investment firm, particularly a private equity firm that engages in leveraged buyout transactions.
In addition to bringing capital to an investment, financial sponsors are expected to bring a combination of capital markets expertise, various important contacts, strategies for operational improvement and experience owning leveraged companies. As the owners of the company, financial sponsors rarely manage a company directly and are most active in issues relating to the company's capital structure and balance sheet as well as strategic initiatives including mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and management restructurings. The company's CEO and other senior management maintain responsibility for day-to-day operational issues.
Sponsors and other investors.
Various investor classes look to the financial sponsor to generate value in a company as much as the management or operations of the company. In particular, debt providers are willing to extend credit in the form of bank loans, high-yield debt and mezzanine capital based in part on the reputation of and relationship with the financial sponsor.
Additionally, many companies owned by financial sponsors will raise equity in the public markets through an initial public offering or (IPO) as a means of exiting an investment. Public investors will seek to align their own interests as much as possible with those of the financial sponsor by limiting the financial sponsor's ability to sell shares and managing the use of proceeds from the offering. Various studies have been conducted to evaluate the impact of financial sponsor ownership on the performance of IPOs.

</doc>
<doc id="9621670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621670" title="Emanuel Bunzel">
Emanuel Bunzel

Emanuel Bunzel, born 1828, was an Austrian paleontologist. 
In 1871, he described a skull fragment found in an Austrian coal mine years before by colleagues Ferdinand Stoliczka and Eduard Suess as the type specimen for the dinosaur genus "Struthiosaurus", the first discovered in the region. Another dinosaur he described initially as a species of "Iguanodon" ("I. suessii") has since been reassigned to the genus "Mochlodon".

</doc>
<doc id="9621683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621683" title="Head saw">
Head saw

A head saw, framesaw, gang saw or head rig, is the saw that makes the initial cuts in a log at a sawmill, turning a log into cants, or planks, of wood.
History.
The original powered head saw was composed of long, narrow blades that used an up-and-down motion, a reciprocating saw. Each blade was set at a fixed width meaning each log was cut identically, regardless of flaws. This design was not energy efficient and around 1860 sawmills began to adopt the more efficient circular saw. In the 1870s, the limitation of log size due to the radius of the circular saw was improved with the introduction of the double circular saw- with one blade atop the other. In the 1880s, the band saw was introduced and was able to allow the head saw to handle logs of nearly unlimited size, ideal for the Californian redwoods.
Modern use.
Today, head saws are mostly used for cutting logs 16 to 72 inches in diameter depending upon the type of band mill the saws are mounted on. More optimized machines now cut the smaller diameters since they are far more efficient and can provide greater production.
Dependent upon the log diameter, head saws can cut a log at speeds ranging from 1 to 300 feet per minute. Generally, log carriage speeds are adjustable for optimal performance.
Operation.
A head saw is operated by a head sawyer. The sawyer positions the log to the proper position for the initial cut while sizing up the log determining optimal usage. The offbearer is responsible for removing the cut boards.

</doc>
<doc id="9621685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621685" title="Double criminality">
Double criminality

Double criminality (also known as dual criminality) is a requirement in the extradition law of many countries. It states that a suspect can be extradited from one country to stand trial for breaking a second country's laws "only" when a similar law exists in the extraditing country.
For example, if Country A has no laws against blasphemy, double criminality could prevent a suspect being extradited from Country A to face blasphemy charges in another country.
By country.
In the USA.
Double criminality is a requirement in extradition procedures from the United States of America as extradition is allowed only for offenses alleged as crimes in both jurisdictions.
References.
US Legal Definition: Double Criminality

</doc>
<doc id="9621719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621719" title="Sengseng language">
Sengseng language

Sengseng is an Austronesian language spoken by about 1750 individuals in the southwest interior of West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9621729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621729" title="Shymkent International Airport">
Shymkent International Airport

Shymkent International Airport (, ) is an airport serving Shymkent in South Kazakhstan Province, Kazakhstan.
In 2004, the airport handled 97,000 passengers.
History.
The basis for the airport was an agricultural airbase built in 1932. Since 1933 it started handling passengers and cargo traffic. In 1963 Shymkent airport was relocated to its current place.
After a protocol signed in November 2012 by the governments of Kazakhstan and France, French forces withdrawing from Afghanistan received authorization to use Shymkent Airport. Military hardware arriving on French planes will then be transported by rail to Europe. France has to fund the creation of the infrastructure necessary for the temporary bond storage and the area needed for higher customs control to ensure the transhipment operations in Shymkent Airport. It will also finance the acquisition or the rent of loading vehicles to accelerate wagon loadings, construction of of additional roads with hard coating, protection of freights in the temporary storage and en route on Kazakhstan's railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9621730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621730" title="Struggle for Rome (board game)">
Struggle for Rome (board game)

Catan Histories: Struggle for Rome is a 2006 German-style board game based on the game mechanics of "Settlers of Catan", depicting the fall of the Roman Empire. The game is created by Klaus Teuber, the creator of "Settlers", and is published under license from Catan GmbH by Kosmos in German and Mayfair Games in English. It is the second game in the "Catan Histories" series of board games. Often games produced in different languages by different publishers have slight rule differences between the versions. Catan Histories: Struggle for Rome is no exception.
Gameplay.
At the start of each game, each player is in control of a barbarian tribe situated outside of the Roman Empire. Each player's barbarian tribe consists of a tribe of warriors and a tribe of horsemen. To win, a player must gain ten victory points from sacking and ultimately conquering Roman cities.
The gameboard consists of a hexagonal grid, with cities situated on certain intersections. Like in "Settlers", each hex consists of a terrain type as well as a number token. Unlike "Settlers", there are only four terrain types, of which three terrain types produce resources (of these, one produces one of two different resources). Certain edges between points are denoted with arrows - these have significance in the movement of barbarian tribes. In addition to the gameboard, a supply of coins is also given, providing a supplementary "gold" resource.
At the start of each turn, a player first rolls the dice, and, if a 7 is not rolled, the players collect resources. Like "Settlers", all players collect resources whenever their cities or nomadic tribes are adjacent to a hex with a number token matching the number rolled on the dice. However, unlike "Settlers", in "Struggle for Rome" a player can only gain one resource from any hex, regardless of the number of cities or nomadic tribes that are in its surrounding intersections. If a 7 is rolled, the Roman Legionnaire, the "Struggle for Rome" version of the "Settlers" robber, is moved to any hex on the board, and a player may steal a resource "(or three (two gold in English version)" gold in lieu of a resource) from a player with a city or tribe adjacent. Unlike "Settlers", there is no limit to the number of resource a player have in their possession (except when there are not enough resources to be distributed to all players).
Resource collection is done four times (however, each of the four times must have a different number showing on the dice). After the resources are rolled, each player may, in turn, trade and build, starting with the player on move. Players may trade resources and gold for any agreed-upon price - however all trades must involve the player who is trading and building. Players may use their resources to buy development cards (which may be played any time after purchase, with each card granting different effects) or augment their two tribes by adding warriors, horsemen, or supply wagons.
After trading and building is completed by all players, players may take action with their horseman tribe, and after each player has taken action, do the same with their warrior tribe. A player may choose to take no action, in which they receive 2 gold "(or a resource in the English version). " Each tribe, when nomadic, may choose to move their tribe to any unoccupied intersection on the board - however, moving over edges marked with arrows may cost resources and gold. When a tribe is adjacent to a city, they may attempt to sack the city or conquer it - in either case, the number of horsemen or warriors (whichever is relevant) must exceed the city's defense value (which may vary from 2 for outlying cities and 5 for Rome itself). If a city is sacked, the player may reveal the plunder token that is placed there at the start of the game for their reward (which may also incur losses in warriors or spearmen). If a city is conquered, the plunder token (if still extant) is discarded, and a supply wagon from the tribe and a warrior or horseman (whichever is applicable) is placed at the location of the conquered city, and the tribe in question ceases to be nomadic. A city may only be conquered if the tribe in question has sacked at least one city in three of the five provinces depicted. A tribe with a city may attempt to conquer (never pillage) a nearby city through similar means.
Players earn one victory point for each city, as well as two points if both tribes have established four cities. A player also earns two points if either tribe has plundered a city in every province. Some development cards are worth one victory point, while others, called "Diplomats," allow the players to act as though they had rolled a 7, and give two victory points for the first player to play three of them. The victory points are stolen if another player plays more. The game ends whenever any player has ten victory points, at which point the game is continued until the end of the turn. At this point, the player with the most victory points (the most gold if this is tied) wins.
Terror of the Legions.
Terror of the Legions is a minor expansion for "Struggle for Rome" that can be downloaded from the Catan website: http://www.klausteuber.com/en/download/?SfR_Terror-of-the-Legions.pdf. It introduces a one victory point bonus awarded to players who have conquered three cities with four or five towers each, marked on the board with a special symbol. When this expansion is used, the game is played to 11 points instead of ten.

</doc>
<doc id="9621752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621752" title="Lily Kim">
Lily Kim

Lily Kim (born May 16, 1980) is a Korean-American media personality in Chicago. She is the Managing Partner and Host of Ascene Chicago, the online entertainment guide to the best of Chicago's Asian scene. She is also the Director of Business Development of WRJK-TV Channel 22, the City's newly launched television station. Formerly she worked as the anchor and producer of Asian American Network News (AAN News) from 2005 to 2007.
Education and career.
Kim attended Columbia College in Chicago, Illinois from 2000 to 2003 where she received a bachelors degree in Broadcast Journalism and minored in Psychology. She has also previously worked as the Public Information Specialist for the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County, Production Assistant for Travel Channel and as Lead Anchor and Producer for KBC-TV's Asian American Network News.
In 2006, Kim was specially recognized by the City of Chicago and Mayor Richard M. Daley for Excellent News Coverage on KBC. She was also presented with an Appreciation Award in 2007 by the Filipino community for her coverage of Filipino World War II Veterans seeking reparation. 
Kim is an active member of the Asian American Coalition of Chicago, the American & Asian Association, Chicago Korean Festival Organization, and she was recently named to Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White's Asian American Advisory Council.
Personal life.
Her family lives in the Chicago area. She has a sister, and a nephew named Josiah. Her favorite animal is a monkey, and her favorite flower is the lily.
Kim also has a pretty sweet jump shot

</doc>
<doc id="9621755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621755" title="Karore language">
Karore language

Karore is an Austronesian language spoken by about 550 individuals between the Andru and Johanna Rivers in West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9621772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621772" title="Lithia water">
Lithia water

"Lithia water" is defined as a type of mineral water characterized by the presence of lithium salts (as lithium carbonate or lithium chloride). Natural lithia mineral spring waters are rare and there are few commercially bottled lithia water products. An example of a noncommercial lithia water can be found in Ashland, Oregon's Lithia Park, a very popular tourist attraction because of its lithia water fountain. The water is pumped from a spring to a fountain where thousands of people come to drink the water for its alleged positive health effects. An example of a commercially bottled lithia spring water product is Lithia brand water.
History.
Between the 1880s and World War I, the consumption for bottled lithia mineral water reached gigantic proportions. The most premium of all the mineral water brands were lithia waters because of their highly acclaimed health benefits. One of the first commercially sold lithia waters in the United States was bottled at Lithia Springs, Georgia in 1888. During this era there was such a demand for lithia water that there was a proliferation of bottled lithia water products, however only a few were natural lithia spring waters. Most of the bottled lithia water brands added lithium bicarbonate to spring water and called it lithia water. With the advent of World War I and the formation of the new US government food safety agency, mineral water bottlers were under scrutiny. The new agency posted large fines and penalties against mineral water bottlers for mislabeled, misrepresented, and adulterated products. These government actions and their publicity along with public works that made clean tap water readily accessible caused the American public to lose confidence and interest in bottled mineral water.
Research.
The health benefits of lithia water have been supported by countless testimonials, but no independent scientific research had been conducted on lithia water until the 1980s.
A published researched study in 1992 about trace elements indicated that individuals with heart disease, learning-disabilities, and incarcerated violent criminals were found to have lithium deficiencies (as measured through hair sample analysis).
Research studies measuring the effects of trace levels of lithium, commonly found in lithia waters, have demonstrated neuroprotective abilities, as well as improvements in mood and cognitive function.
In 1949, psychiatrist John Cade discovered the anti-manic effects of lithium ions. This finding led to lithium carbonate to be used to treat mania. Lithium compounds yield positive outcomes as a treatment for manic depressive disease.
Research studies published the British Journal of Psychiatry 2009 found that communities with naturally occurring lithia waters have lower suicide rates, mental hospital admissions, incidences of crimes, and arrests related to drug addictions.
On February 8, 2011, German researchers at Friedrich Schiller University Jena published their findings in the European Journal of Nutrition (Nature Publishing Group) indicating that lithia waters lead to an increased life expectancy in humans and metazoans. The researchers concluded the following: Taken together, these findings indicate that long-term low-dose exposure to lithium may exert anti-aging capabilities and unambiguously decreases mortality in evolutionary distinct species.
A clinical pilot study using ĔDJ lithia water from British Columbia is underway at the University of British Columbia. It will investigate whether daily use of lithia water will improve new brain cell formation (neurogenesis) and reduce neuronal oxidative stress (neuroprotection).

</doc>
<doc id="9621788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621788" title="Jan Romer">
Jan Romer

Jan Romer (1869, Lwow - 1934, Warszawa) was an Austrian and Polish general. Studied in Mödling and joined the Austro-Hungarian Army. During the First World War fought at the battle of Limanowa (1914) and battle of Gorlice (1914), was wounded twice. Later he joined the newly recreated Polish Army. During Polish-Ukrainian War he fought in the liberation of Lwów. In Polish-Soviet War, commanded the Cavalry Division at the Battle of Koziatyn (April 25-April 27, 1920), one of the most spectacular raids of the Polish cavalry, during the Polish advance towards Kiev. His troops fought against the Soviet cavalry elite "Konarmia" of Semyon Budyonny. He commanded the Polish 13th Infantry Division during the Battle of Komarów (August 31, 1920). Respected by Józef Piłsudski, he was among the first group military personas who confirmed the decoration of Virtuti Militari, highest Polish military decoration, restored after the recreation of the Second Polish Republic, and he himself received the Commander's Cross of that award. Held position of Inspector of the Army after the war. Buried in Powązki Cemetery in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="9621794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621794" title="Melissa Noriega">
Melissa Noriega

Melissa Meisgeier Noriega (born October 1, 1954) is a member of the Houston City Council in Houston, Harris County, Texas, holding At-Large Position 3. Noriega is a former educator and civic leader in Houston and Harris County, Texas, as well as a former member of the Texas House of Representatives.
Early life and education.
Melissa Noriega was born to Charles and Connie Meisgeier in Philadelphia, PA, in 1954. Her father is a lifelong educator; her mother is a writer. Her family moved to Houston, Texas in 1957. Noriega grew up in Austin and Houston and graduated from Scarborough High School in the Houston Independent School District.
Noriega attended the University of Houston and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology in 1977. While at the University of Houston, she was president of Phi Mu Fraternity, and vice-president of the Pan-Hellenic Council.
In 1983, Noriega received a Master's of Education degree in Counseling from the University of Houston College of Education.
Educational work.
Noriega was employed with the Houston Independent School District from 1981 to 2007 in various capacities. She began as an administrative assistant for Title I Research and served HISD as Manager of Special Projects and District Initiatives, spending the bulk of her career in Parental Involvement and Community Engagement. She concluded her career at HISD as a manager of Professional Development Services.
Marriage and children.
Melissa Meisgeier married Richard J. "Rick" Noriega on February 14, 1991. She is stepmother to Alex Noriega and mother of Richard J. "Ricky" Noriega, Jr.
Community & Civic Involvement.
Noriega is a past president of the Eastwood Civic Association and served on the executive committee of Parents for Public Schools. She is a Life Member of the University of Houston Alumni and a member of Houston's Christ Church Cathedral.
Tenure in the Texas House of Representatives.
Noriega served as a State Representative for Texas House District 145 in 2004 and 2005 while her husband, State Representative Richard J. "Rick" Noriega, a Lieutenant Colonel in the Texas Army National Guard, served in Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. In 2005, Melissa Noriega left her job with the Houston Independent School District and was formally sworn-in to serve in the 79th Texas Legislature. On January 11, 2005, she became the first person to serve in the Texas Legislature under provisions of an amendment to the Texas Constitution approved by voters in 2003, allowing the designation of another person to hold the full rights and privileges of office while the legislator is on active duty in the military. In addition to serving in the Regular Session of the 79th Texas Legislature, Melissa Noriega also served during two special sessions of the Texas Legislature on Education in 2005. 
While serving in the Texas Legislature, Noriega served on the Defense Affairs and State and Federal Relations Committee, which oversees military operations in Texas as well as Homeland Security. She also served on the Corrections Committee.
She was named Freshman of the Year by the Democratic Caucus and was awarded the first Joe E. Moreno Public Service Award by her colleagues.
Noriega was also instrumental in passing Municipal Wi-Fi legislation during the 79th Legislature.
Candidacy & Election To Houston City Council.
In January, 2007, Noriega launched her campaign for At-Large Position 3 on the Houston City Council, a post which is elected "at large," by a vote of the entire city of Houston. This is the same post vacated by Shelley Sekula Gibbs, who won a Special Election to replace former U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay in November 2006. Sekula Gibbs was required by Texas law to vacate the seat to serve the remainder of DeLay's term even though she lost to Nick Lampson in the general election. 
Prior to 1993, vacancies on the Houston City Council were filled by mayoral appointment until the Texas Legislature changed the state law where special elections are mandated. Mayor Bill White vowed not to hold a special election since the $5 million (the estimated cost of taxpayer money for a special election) should be allocated to city services. Noriega's campaign was the third special election since 1997 where Chris Bell served the remainder of former councilmember John Peavy, who resigned in the wake of an ethics investigation. 
Running on a platform of safer neighborhoods, a healthier environment, and more effective government for Houston, Noriega polled more votes any of 11 other candidates in the May 12, 2007 general election and advanced to a run-off against Roy Morales, a retired military officer. On June 17, 2007, Noriega defeated Morales, garnering more than 55 percent of the vote.
Noriega defeated Morales again in the general election in November 2007, and earned her first two-year term on Houston City Council. 
Melissa Noriega serves as the chair the Public Safety and Homeland Security Committee. This committee considers public safety and law enforcement, including Police, Fire and EMS; Homeland Security and emergency preparedness; and the Houston Emergency Center. 67% of the City's budget goes to public safety.
In addition, Noriega serves on the following committees: Budget and Fiscal Affairs; Flooding and Drainage Issues; Human Services and Technology Access; Regulation, Development and Neighborhood Protection; Transportation, Infrastructure and Aviation; and the Water Resource Management subcommittee.
Council Member Melissa Noriega serves on The Mayor's Complete Count Committee, a grassroots, community-based awareness program focused on the importance of being counted in the 2010 census.
In 2009, Noriega is running unopposed for re-election to Houston City Council.
Awards and honors.
Noriega has won numerous awards and honors including:

</doc>
<doc id="9621811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621811" title="Churn Creek Protected Area">
Churn Creek Protected Area

The Churn Creek Protected Area, is a provincial protected area in British Columbia, Canada. It is a mix of dryland canyon and steppe and adjoining rangeland flanking the canyon of Churn Creek and that stream's confluence with the Fraser River at the northern apex of the Camelsfoot Range. The historic Gang Ranch is just north of the Churn Creek Protected Area. The Empire Valley Ranch ecological preserve was added to the Protected Area in an expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="9621832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621832" title="Silo High School">
Silo High School

Silo High School is a high school in Durant, Oklahoma. It serves 9th through 12th grade. The athletic teams are known as the Rebels. The school colors are red and blue. As of 2006, there are currently 100 students enrolled. The Rebel baseball team currently has 3 Fall State Championships 2006, 2007, and 2010. Also having five Spring State Championships from 2002, 2005, 2008,2009, and 2010.
Academics.
Some of the elective classes are art, athletics, agricultural education, Spanish languages, and keyboarding and computer applications.
Organizations.
Some of the organizations are FBI and CIA.
Athletics.
There is Baseball Basketball, Cheerleading, Cross Country, Golf, Track & Field, Softball.
Demographics.
The student to teacher ratio is 1:17. The school has a contract with Dell. The campus is a new updated facility with new school buses.
Famous alumni.
Although no Silo High School student has risen to National or International fame, a few have managed to become regional celebrities. This includes Dave Hilton (1995), who became a Radio DJ and has worked at KLBC-FM in Durant, OK, KSSU-FM in Durant, OK, KLAK-FM in Denison, TX, KTRX-FM in Ardmore, OK, KYNZ-FM in Ardmore, OK, KKAJ-FM in Ardmore, OK, KVSO-AM in Ardmore, OK, KMKT-FM in Denison, TX and KMAD-FM (known as Mad Rock 102.5) in Denison, TX.

</doc>
<doc id="9621836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621836" title="Acoustically Inclined">
Acoustically Inclined

Acoustically Inclined was a folk music group founded in 1990 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Past members of the band included Luke Doucet. The band released three albums on the Oh Yah! record label.
History.
The band was founded by guitarist Brian Zimmerman, mandolin player Kerry Nettle (performing as Kerry Krishna), and guitarist Frank Donovan. Shortly after inception the band was joined by violist Richard Moody, and bassist Paul James. Performing as an instrumental group, the band began to develop a following. Among audience members was Mira Sahay, who began to sing with the band occasionally until she became an integral part of the group. Barry Mirochnik was soon added as the band's drummer.
The band was signed by Oh Yah! Records in 1990, and began the recording process.
Prior to recording their first release in 1990, Donovan left the group to go back to school. "Are You Inclined?" was well received, prompting performances at Winnipeg's West End Cultural Centre and the main stage of the Winnipeg Folk Festival.
Shortly after the release of "Are you Inclined?", Brian Zimmerman was replaced by Luke Doucet. The band's next recording endeavour, "A Short Subliminal Message" would also be released only on cassette. Guitarist Ron Tomasson, bassist Dave Maurakis and drummer Julie Gravett would join the band for the first digital recording, self-titled "Acoustically Inclined" (released in 1994).
Internal struggles associated with touring and constant changes in membership would prove to be too much for the band, and after the release of their first music video, for "Knot" in 1995, the group dissolved without public announcement.
Despite its relatively short history and having released only three albums, the band was included in an exhibit at the Manitoba Museum (then operating as the Manitoba Museum of Man and Nature) entitled "Get Back: A Celebration of Winnipeg Rock" which ran from 25 November 1995 until 25 February 1996. The band established themselves on the folk, pop, and acid jazz scenes. The group toured Canada and parts of the U.S., appearing at festivals, lounges and pubs to audiences which would prove loyal even after the band's demise.
Post break up.
Luke Doucet received a 2006 Juno Award nomination in the Adult Alternative Album of the Year category.
Brian Zimmerman went on to become a music educator and faculty member at Brandon University (jazz guitar).
Julie Gravett went on to become the drummer for the Wyrd Sisters.
Paul James was the programming engineer and digital editor on A Worm's Life, the 1996 Crash Test Dummies album.
Barry Mirochnik went on to form "Helen", a project with Christine Fellows, and has more recently worked with Martin Tielli, Veda Hille and Neko Case.

</doc>
<doc id="9621840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621840" title="Joseph Tawil">
Joseph Tawil

Archbishop Joseph Tawil (December 25, 1913 - February 17, 1999) was the Melkite Greek Catholic eparch for the United States, teacher and theologian. He is remembered for his participation in the Second Vatican Council, expanding the Melkite Church in the United States, and articulating the unique role of the Eastern Catholic Churches in his 1970 pastoral letter The Courage To Be Ourselves.
Early life.
Joseph Elias Tawil was born in Damascus, Syria, the son of Elias and Malakie (Salman) Tawil. One of nine children in the family, he was raised in an observant Melkite family; his materinal uncles included Paul Salman, the Archbishop of Petra and all Jordan, and Archimandrite Clement Salman. He studied for the priesthood under the White Fathers in St. Anne's Seminary in Jerusalem. He was ordained as priest on July 20, 1936 and assigned to the Patriarchal College (Al Madrassah Al Batryakiyah) in Cairo, Egypt. For seven years he was a teacher and later dean of the institution. In 1943 he became president/headmaster of the college. He was raised to the dignity of archimandrite by Patriarch Maximos IV Sayegh in 1952 and appointed Patriarchal Vicar of Alexandria in 1954 with continued residence in Cairo as head of the college. Tawil continued to lead the Patriarchal College in Cairo until his appointment as Patriarchal Vicar of Damascus on August 29, 1959.
Episcopate.
Damascus and United States.
Tawil was consecrated bishop in Damascus on January 1, 1960. While in this position he attended the Second Vatican Council where, as a representative of the Melkite Church, he worked with Patriarch Maximos IV to further understanding and cooperation between the Church of Rome and the Eastern Orthodox Church. In November 1967 Patriarch Maximos IV was succeeded after his death by Archbishop Tawil's friend and predecessor in the Cairo Patriarchal College, Archbishop George Selim Hakim, a native Egyptian who took the name Maximos V. Archbishop Hakim had been the first Archbishop of Nazareth and all Galilee and had been the guide for Pope Paul VI on his pilgrimage to the Holy Land at the beginning of his reign.
On October 30, 1969, Archbishop Tawil was appointed Apostolic Exarch for the United States by Pope Paul VI, and was installed on March 15, 1970. He succeeded Bishop Justin Najmy, the first Melkite bishop in the United States. Bishop Najmy had died only two years after his installation, and thus the major task of welding an efficient diocese out of the existing parishes scattered over the country fell to Archbishop Tawil. 
Upon arriving in the United States Tawil was fluent in Arabic and French and proficient in Greek and Latin but did not speak English. He quickly learned English and published some of his most influential writings in the language of his new homeland.
The Courage To Be Ourselves.
One of Tawil's first actions was to write the pastoral letter "The Courage to be Ourselves" to strengthen his flock, many of whom were relatively newcomers in this country and surrounded by the far more numerous Latin Catholics. The document, delivered as a Christmas 1970 pastoral letter, reminds Eastern Catholics of their rich traditions and how the Catholic Church benefits from diversity. In it he stated:
Development of the Eparchy of Newton.
Tawil founded the diocesan publication "Sophia" and in 1971 established a diaconate training program, the first in an Eastern Catholic diocese in the United States. He also established a Diocesan Pastoral Council. Later he inaugurated a Diocesan Communications Office, the National Association of Melkite Youth, and a full-time Office of Educational Services. 
On June 28, 1976 Tawil was raised to archbishop. He was installed as eparch of Newton on February 14, 1977. During his tenure as eparch, Tawil founded eight new parishes and five missions. He ordained 26 new priests and 23 deacons. He also played a significant role in the founding a convent for women religious in Danbury, Connecticut. 
Upon reaching retirement age, Archbishop Tawil assumed emeritus status on December 12, 1989, but remained active in church affairs despite the onset of Parkinson's Disease. He was succeeded by Bishop Ignatius Ghattas as Eparch of Newton. Tawil died at Newton-Wellesley Hospital in Massachusetts on February 17, 1999.
Books and Other Publications.
Tawil published several books in both Arabic and English. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="9621847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621847" title="Anatoly Konstantinovich Rozhdestvensky">
Anatoly Konstantinovich Rozhdestvensky

Anatoly Konstantinovich Rozhdestvensky (, 1920–1983) was a Russian paleontologist responsible for naming many dinosaurs, including "Aralosaurus" and "Probactrosaurus".

</doc>
<doc id="9621857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621857" title="Battle of Limanowa">
Battle of Limanowa

The Battle of Limanowa took place from 1 December to 13 December 1914, between the Austro-Hungarian Army and the Russian Army near the town of Limanowa ( south-east of Kraków).
The Austro-Hungarian high command had assumed that the German success would weaken Russian forces in the north and that the Galician front would remain quiet. Both these assumptions were incorrect.
Though the Habsburg 2nd army offensive opened on 16 November and met early success, the Russians proved stronger than expected and their 4th army yielded little ground. Meanwhile, further south the Russian 2nd army advanced across the San river and moved into the Tarnów area by 20 November. Further north, the Habsburg 4th Army, supported by the 47th German Reserve Division, moved onto the offensive in the last days of November.
In fierce battles around the towns of Łapanów and Limanowa, the Russian 3rd army was beaten and forced to retreat east, ending its opportunity to reach Kraków. To avoid being surrounded, the Russian 8th Army also had to retreat, stopping its advance toward the Hungarian plains.
Order of battle.
Russian forces.
Russian Southwestern Front, Commander-in-chief – Nikolai Ivanov

</doc>
<doc id="9621861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621861" title="The Claridge Hotel (Atlantic City)">
The Claridge Hotel (Atlantic City)

The Claridge Hotel is a historic hotel in Atlantic City, New Jersey, opened in 1930. It operated for many years as a casino, known first as "Del Webb's Claridge Hotel and Casino", then the "Claridge Hotel and Casino". The hotel was acquired by Bally's on December 30, 2002. They ran the building as a hotel tower of Bally's Atlantic City, until February, 2014 when the property was acquired by TJM Properties of Clearwater, Florida, who returned the property to a stand-alone hotel. 
Location.
Located between Park Place and Indiana Avenue, with an attached parking structure extending to Ohio Avenue, the Claridge is set off the Boardwalk behind Brighton Park. The Claridge stands next to the site where the Sands Atlantic City used to be located. 
History.
The Claridge Hotel is different from most Atlantic City resorts, since it did not grow out of a modest boarding house. It was the idea of Philadelphia architect John McShain who designed the 24-story, 400-room hotel. Opened in 1930 during The Great Depression, the Claridge became the last of the great hotels built in Atlantic City near the Boardwalk; no new resorts rose in the city until the 1960s when a Howard Johnsons hotel was built along the boardwalk. Due to the hotel’s tall, slick, slender appearance it gained the nickname “The Skyscraper By The Sea".
The Claridge was a successful hotel during the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s. Marilyn Monroe was a special guest there in the 1950s when she was a judge of the annual Miss America Pageant. Despite Atlantic City’s downturn as a premiere vacation resort in the 1960s, the hotel continued to operate and survived into the casino era.
Casino era.
In February 1977, Claridge Associates, a group of Connecticut investors led by F. Francis D'Addario purchased the Claridge Hotel. In 1979 they took on Del E. Webb Corporation as a partner in order to obtain financing. Del Webb was the owner of several Nevada casinos, including The Mint Hotel and Casino in Downtown Las Vegas. The Claridge hotel was expanded with 200 new guest rooms being built. The Claridge had the distinction of being the last of the pre-casino Atlantic City hotels to be refurbished into a casino. New Jersey then Governor Brendan Byrne had been dissatisfied with what he called “Patch and Paint” jobs of the city’s old resorts, this had been done with Resorts Atlantic City, and the Dennis Hotel, which is part of Bally's Atlantic City, and lobbied hard for the old structures to be torn down in favor of new resorts. Del Webb faced a difficult time obtaining a permanent license but finally obtained one in 1982. At that time, Del Webb bought out Claridge Associates' interest in the partnership.
In July 1981 the new casino opened under the name Del Webb’s Claridge Hotel and Casino (the hotel eventually became known as Del Webb’s Claridge and eventually just The Claridge). The London-themed hotel saw success early on with its multi-level casino and 600-seat showroom that featured names like Aretha Franklin, Donny & Marie, Billy Crystal, Penn & Teller, Joan Rivers and The 5th Dimension. As larger casinos were built in the city, the Claridge had a hard time competing as a small casino in a large market. In the 1990s a parking garage was added.
In 2001, Park Place Entertainment purchased the property and a year later formally announced plans to merge operations with Bally's Atlantic City. As a result, the Claridge became a hotel tower for Bally's. In 2009 all of the Claridge's own restaurants ceased operation but a small cafe, "The Corner Cafe", that continues to operate in the Gateway area that connects the Claridge Tower with Bally's.
In 2009, the Claridge's casino floor was rebranded as theRIDGE, a dance club style casino. It features table games with a dance floor and DJ in the center. The Claridge went through a $3 million restoration of all its rooms and a facelift of the outside structure during the summer of 2010 through spring 2011. This also included the outside structure for a total amount of $20 million.
The Ridge closed its gambling and food amenities during the winter of 2012, with Bally's still using the 500 rooms for their guests.
Current status.
On October 29, 2013 Caesars Entertainment issued a statement announcing that the Claridge tower was sold to TJM Properties of Clearwater, Florida. According to the statement, TJM will continue to operate the hotel, and add non-gaming amenities to the property. On February 24, 2014, TJM Properties officially took ownership of the Claridge. The Claridge Hotel reopened in May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9621874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621874" title="Taraz Airport">
Taraz Airport

Taraz Airport , also known as Jambyl Airport is an airport serving Taraz (formerly Jambyl and Aulie-Ata), a city in the Jambyl Province of Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="9621875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621875" title="Swiss Mutual Fund">
Swiss Mutual Fund

The Swiss Mutual Fund or Swisscash is an offshore investment company headquartered in the Commonwealth of Dominica. Despite the inclusion of the word "Swiss" in its name, the Swiss Mutual Fund's board of directors is composed solely of Dominican citizens, and the company does not appear to have any significant ties to Switzerland.
History.
Swiss Mutual Fund originally claimed on its website that it was created after World War II in 1948 by the Cheviot family of France, with operations based in Bern, Switzerland. In 1996, the firm moved to the Commonwealth of Dominica due to changes in financial regulations in Europe. However the Swiss Embassy in Kuala Lumpur has stated the following:
"The Swiss Mutual Fund (1948) and or Swiss Cash are not registered companies in Switzerland. Until proof of the contrary, the Embassy doubts that the remarks about these funds and their historic links to Switzerland as outlined on their original website are genuine. The original website is indeed registered in the USA and the contact telephone number is from New Jersey (USA)."
This information was also corroborated by the Swiss Embassy in Singapore.
On December 13, 2006, Swiss Mutual Fund (1948) S.A. was struck off the Commonwealth of Dominica's Register of International Business Companies.
The current version of the Swiss Mutual Fund website no longer includes any information about the company's history.
At June 2007, the Securities Commission, Malaysia's capital markets regulator, has already taken action against the promoters of Swiss Cash.
The Swisscash website suddenly went offline on August 27 denying members from logging into the website.
According to internet rumours, the website was down due to a "hurricane", and would be back online on 25 August, but it didn't come back on the said date as said. The rumours were repeated with later dates such as 1 September and 15 September, but the website is confirmed to be offline permanently.
Afterward, few similar websites were up. But, no official announcement from Swiss Mutual Fund proved that whether those website are from Swiss Mutual Fund. Those websites only had front page, and could not be login.
On September 17, the Financial Supervision Commission of the Commonwealth of Dominica released a press release which confirms that Swisscash is not a registered or incorporated company and does not have any established business in the island nation.
Criticism.
There have been allegations that the Swiss Mutual Fund is a Pyramid scheme, with victims predominantly in Malaysia. The Central Bank of Malaysia has issued warnings regarding Swiss Mutual Fund's legitimacy, and have advised investors to avoid the company and its subsidiaries. The Monetary Authority of Singapore has placed Swiss Mutual Fund in their Investor Alert List.
Hundreds of millions of US dollars have been lost to this scam by investors throughout the world and little or nothing has been done by governments to trace the trail of the money. It is feared that the money is actually used to fund global terrorist networks, and that terrorist networks have been using investment scams to obtain fund for their operations. Or some governments are behind this.

</doc>
<doc id="9621879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621879" title="Where's Poppa?">
Where's Poppa?

"Where's Poppa? (also titled Going Ape") is a 1970 black comedy film; it is based on the novel by Robert Klane and stars George Segal, Ron Leibman and Ruth Gordon. The plot revolves around the troubled relationship between a lawyer (Segal) and his senile mother (Gordon). The film was directed by Carl Reiner, whose son Rob Reiner had a role in an early performance. Others in the cast are Paul Sorvino, Ron Leibman, Trish Van Devere, Vincent Gardenia and future "Saturday Night Live" star Garrett Morris.
Plot.
His mother, an 87-year-old widow, is ruining Gordon Hocheiser's love life. He resents her so much, Gordon tries to scare her to death by donning a gorilla costume and attacking her in bed, only to end up on the receiving end of her cane.
An attempt is made to persuade Sidney, his brother, to take their mother off Gordon's hands. Sidney has troubles of his own, though, repeatedly getting mugged in Central Park.
Gordon, a lawyer, made a deathbed promise to his father not to place his mother in a rest home. She continues to keep asking where Poppa is. Gordon locates a nurse, Louise, whose patients have a peculiar habit of dying in her care. He hires Louise to be his mother's companion, hoping for the worst, and falls in love with Louise in the process.
Sidney borrows the gorilla costume and wears it home. Rather than scaring off muggers, they force him to attack a woman in the park, who turns out to be an undercover police officer.
At the end of his rope, with Louise unable to stand the mother one minute more and threatening to leave Gordon, he drives to a rest home and drops off his mother at the entrance, telling her Poppa is there. Then he drives away.

</doc>
<doc id="9621893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621893" title="Barry Rubin">
Barry Rubin

Barry M. Rubin (28 January 1950 – February 3, 2014) was an American-born Israeli expert on terrorism and Middle Eastern affairs.
Career.
Rubin was the director of the Global Research in International Affairs (GLORIA) Center, editor of the Middle East Review of International Affairs (MERIA) and a professor at the Interdisciplinary Center (IDC) in Herzliya, Israel. He was also editor of the journal 'Turkish Studies'. His last book, Israel: An Introduction, was published by Yale University Press in 2012. Rubin's later books include The Israel-Arab Reader (seventh edition), The Long War for Freedom: The Arab Struggle for Democracy in the Middle East (Wiley) and The Truth About Syria (Palgrave-Macmillan). He was the editor of the GLORIA center website and of his blog, Rubin Reports. He was also the Middle East editor and a columnist at PJMedia.
Media.
Rubin was a guest on "This Week with David Brinkley", "Nightline", "Face the Nation", "The MacNeil-Lehrer NewsHour", "The Larry King Show", and others on CBS News, CNN, Fox News, and MSNBC. Among the newspapers around the world for which he has written are "La Vanguardia" in Spain, the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" in Germany; "The National Post" and "The Globe and Mail" in Canada; "La Opinión", "Liberal Forum", and "Limes" in Italy; "The Age", "The Australian", "The Sydney Morning Herald", and "The Australian Financial Review" in Australia; "Zaman", "Referans", and "Radikal" in Turkey; and "The Pioneer" in India. Rubin was a frequent contributor to the Middle East column in "The Jerusalem Post".
Personal life.
Rubin was born in Washington DC, United States, and was married to Judith Colp Rubin. Rubin died on February 3, 2014 after an 18-month battle with cancer. He was 64.

</doc>
<doc id="9621901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621901" title="Khuldabad, Allahabad">
Khuldabad, Allahabad

Khuldabad is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="9621910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621910" title="Dhoomangunj">
Dhoomangunj

Dhoomangunj is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="9621918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621918" title="Gerard Cafesjian">
Gerard Cafesjian

Gerard Leon Cafesjian (, 26 April 1925 – 15 September 2013) was a businessman and philanthropist who founded the Cafesjian Family Foundation (CFF), the Cafesjian Museum Foundation (CMF) and the Cafesjian Center for the Arts.
Early years, military service and professional career.
Mr. Cafesjian was born April 26, 1925 in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.  His parents had come to the United States preceding the Armenian Genocide by the Turks. 
After amphibious training, he served as a sailor in WWII aboard J.P. Morgan’s yacht, the Corsair III, built in 1895 and renamed the USS Oceanographer.  The ship did extensive survey work in and around Guadalcanal and other Solomon Islands in 1943 and 1944.  He also served aboard the USS Andres (DE45), a destroyer escort for convoys from the United States to North Africa in late 1944 and 1945. When he returned after the war he married Cleo Thomas, a nurse he met during the war. 
Mr. Cafesjian earned a degree in economics from Cornell University, and a doctorate of jurisprudence from Columbia Law School, both in five and a half years.  He is a member of the New York Bar Association.
He began his career with West Publishing as a legal editor in New York City. He was the first employee in the history of the 100-year-old company to be transferred into the home offices in St. Paul, Minnesota. At West Publishing he rose through the ranks to the position of executive vice president; overseeing sales, marketing, customer service, public relations, all Westlaw office training and development.  At West, he also conceived of and started the West Legal Directory and a well-known program, “Art and the Law”, which earned him and West numerous awards.
Philanthropic projects.
Mr. Cafesjian retired from West Publishing when it was sold to Thomson Publishing in 1996.  As he said publicly, he felt his destiny was to help the country of Armenia, which had gained its independence after hundreds of years of subjugation under various rulers. The time and circumstances and confluence of resources would help him make a difference for the country.  After attending to his family needs, Mr. Cafesjian established the Cafesjian Family Foundation.  Through that Foundation he devoted more than $128 million to various Armenian projects. His investments included the private Armenia and ArmNews television stations, the Cascade financial services group, real estate and a renewable energy company, all eventually sold. Any profits generated were re-invested in Armenia for further development.
In the United States, Mr. Cafesjian helped restore a dismantled historic Carousel for Como Park in St. Paul, Minnesota and founded the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art in Arizona. He also donated to the Armenia Fund USA, the Armenian Assembly of America, the Armenian General Benevolent Union, the Armenian National Committee of America, and others. He is also the owner of the Armenian Reporter, the oldest independent Armenian American publication.
Mr. Cafesjian received accolades and recognition from both the U.S. and Armenia institutions, including the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2000 and COAF Save a Generation Award in 2010.
Cafesjian Center for the Arts in Yerevan.
Mr. Cafesjian completely renovated the Cascade site in downtown Yerevan, Armenia. As of the early 2000s, it was an unfinished and crumbling Soviet structure of epic proportions on a hillside. Following a major reconstruction, the Cascade became the site of the Cafesjian Center for the Arts that opened in 2009. The Museum enjoys a world-class sculpture garden with works by Fernando Botero, Lynn Chadwick, Barry Flannigan, François-Xavier Lalanne and Jaume Plensa, among others. Admission is free and it is now the most prominent meeting place in Armenia. Over one million people have visited the Center since its opening.
Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial in Washington.
From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Cafesjian also assembled a group of properties in Washington, D.C., two blocks from the White House, with the intention to build an Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial. But due to continuing litigation, the project remains unrealized. Although Mr. Cafesjian won the basic lawsuit in January 2011 and was awarded the property, and subsequent motions for new trial were dismissed, the project is still in limbo awaiting the Court to rule on yet another appeal.
Personal life.
Mr. Cafesjian married Cleo Thomas, a nurse he met during WWII, on July 4, 1947, and together they had three children. Cleo Cafesjian died on March 7, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9621920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621920" title="Zhezkazgan Airport">
Zhezkazgan Airport

Zhezkazgan Airport is the international airport in Zhezkazgan, Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="9621922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621922" title="Lukergunj">
Lukergunj

Lukergunj is a neighborhood of Allahabad, India. Built in 1906 initially for the Government Press employees, it is a posh residential area. Lukergunj, well known for its clubbing culture, was once predominantly occupied by British and Anglo Indians. It is situated one kilometer south west from the Allahabad Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="9621927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621927" title="Pride Comes Before a Brawl">
Pride Comes Before a Brawl

"Pride Comes Before a Brawl" is the seventh episode of the first season of the television series "". Written by Steve Roberts and directed by Peter Ellis, it first aired in the United States on February 27, 1995.
Overview.
Iolaus becomes prideful after some initial successes and arrogantly decides to race Hercules to the city of Thrace. The two separate, but then Iolaus finds he has to contend with Nemesis, sent by Hera to kill him for his behavior.
Plot synopsis.
As Hercules and Iolaus travel to Thrace, a young woman is being chased through the woods. Hercules and Iolaus attempt to cross a bridge, but a gang of thugs stops them. Hercules says they can just cross the river further down and walks off, but Iolaus will not let it go and a fight ensues. Hercules returns, fights the gang and they cross the bridge, teasing Iolaus because he always has to rescue him. The woman continues running through the woods, is captured, and later wakes up in a cave. When Hercules and Iolaus come to a fork in the road, they debate over which path will take them to Thrace. Hercules states that he is right because there is a sign pointing the way with Thrace written on it, Iolaus tells him it is clearly a trap. After a brief argument, the two take separate paths to see who will get to Thrace first.
Iolaus sets off on his path determined to beat Hercules to Thrace. Along his path, Hercules meets a ferryman, but the boat has yet to be launched. Hercules convinces the man to let him launch the boat, and he sets off to Thrace. Iolaus finds himself traveling through dark woods, becoming lost he is caught in a trap, and thrown into the same cave where the woman had been left. The woman introduces herself as Lydia. While their captors fight over treasure, Iolaus and Lydia manage to escape, but the men give chase. As Hercules rows his boat toward Thrace, Nemesis, the goddess of retribution appears to Hercules. Nemesis reveals it has been ten years since they last saw each other, and that she is not here for Hercules, but Iolaus instead. She informs Hercules that Iolaus is to be killed because he let his pride get the better of him at the bridge. Hercules asks her to bend the rules for him, but she cannot. Hercules sets off to save Iolaus from being killed by Nemesis.
Iolaus and Lydia continue to escape while being chased by dogs tracking their scent. The men finally catch up with the pair. Working together, they manage to fend off some of the men and run to hide in a nearby cave. While hiding out in the cave a Hydra appears, Hercules runs to help his friend, but Nemesis stops him saying, "Only Iolaus can redeem himself". In the cave, Iolaus fights the Hydra with a torch while Lydia escapes. When one of the men enters the cave, Iolaus briefly fight him and then throwing the torch into the Hydra's pit runs from the cave.
Hercules sees his friend safe and continues onto Thrace. As Lydia and Iolaus arrive in Thrace, Hercules pretends to be asleep as though he had been there a while. When Lydia tells Hercules about what had happened to them, Hercules says he knows Iolaus can handle himself and that he would trust Iolaus with his life. Iolaus put Hercules to the test when he asks to shoot an apple from his head, while blindfolded. Hercules is a little reluctant but agrees to show he does have faith in his friend. As Iolaus prepares to shoot the arrow, Nemesis appears. She causes his shot to miss its target but uses one of her own arrows to shoot the apple. Iolaus thinks he did it, but Hercules thanks Nemesis for doing what she did. She tells Hercules that, "Iolaus earned his reprieve, and swallowed his pride". She asks Hercules if he was prepared to let Iolaus shoot the arrow, Hercules says he had to let Iolaus know that he trusted him. She tells Hercules that Iolaus would not have shot the arrow and risked his friend's life; it was enough for Iolaus that Hercules was willing to let him. Ioalus hears Hercules talking, and asks him who it is, to which Hercules replies, "Iolaus my crazy, irreplaceable friend, you don't wanna know."

</doc>
<doc id="9621940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621940" title="Ontario Highway 105">
Ontario Highway 105

King's Highway 105, commonly referred to as Highway 105, is a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Route description.
Highway 105 begins at a junction with Highway 17 on the west side of Vermillion Bay, approximately east of Kenora and west of Dryden, travelling north. It progresses through a large region of uninhabited lakes, swamplands, forests and rocks for to Ear Falls, with Perrault Falls being the only community between the two. Near Ear Falls, the route meets Highway 804 and Highway 657. Midway between Ear Falls and the northern terminus of the route is Pakwash Provincial Park and the community of Snake River. As Highway 105 approaches Red Lake, it meets Highway 125, which branches north to Balmerton and Cochenour. The highway ends north of Ear Falls in the town of Red Lake at Howey Street, which continues west as Highway 618.
History.
Opening the frontier.
The history of Highway 105 can be traced to the discovery of gold and the opening of mines in the area around Red Lake in 1926. Since the amount of gold in Red Lake was far greater than anyone expected, it was instantly realised that a road link was needed to fully utilize the gold mines, to export the minerals to the rest of the province. Until a road was constructed to Red Lake, the only way to reach the town was via boat, canoe, airplane, or seaplane, and this is how townspeople and miners came to and left from Red Lake and its mines.
A road was not initially considered, due to how remote the town was from most other settlements, despite the very productive gold mines of the area. It would have been very expensive and extremely difficult to build a road through the remote, hilly, forest- and lake-filled area. Even after a road was finally decided, there were several large hurdles to overcome before the province could actually building it: Red Lake and the surrounding mines were in an extremely remote area of the province, and many questioned if a road to a subarctic town was required, especially given the financially turbulent times of the Great Depression.
World War II.
During World War II, the Government of Canada listed certain industries that were "protected" from exemptions, conscriptions of workers, and rationing. Among these, were mining. In 1942, mining was removed from the list of "protected" wartime industries to ration goods, material and people for the war effort while World War II raged in Europe. When the miners were called up to the battlefields to become soldiers, the mines closed up and the need for a road diminished considerably. However, the mines resumed their activity upon World War II's end, producing gold in enormous quantities once more. The Department of Highways quickly constructed a gravel road from Vermilion Bay to Red Lake in the 1940s. It was designated as Highway 105, and the entire length of the road was paved by the early 1960s. Since opening, realignments and straightening of the road has shortened the road to .
Even today, Highway 105 remains one of the most isolated roads in Ontario and one of the most isolated major highways in all of North America. It is advised that travellers fuel up and load supplies in Dryden, Kenora or Red Lake before travelling down this road, as rest stops are few and far between.

</doc>
<doc id="9621946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621946" title="Attarsuiya">
Attarsuiya

Attarsuiya is a locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. Attarsuiya is just 2 KM away from Railway station. Nearby localities are Rani Mandi, Atala & Meerapur. Shivcharan Das Kanahayya Lal (Saraswat Khatri Pathshala) is one of the Most famous school of allahabad. Sadanlal Sanwaldas Khanna girls degere college is adjacent to khatri pathshala and is famous girls degree college. History of Attarsuiya dates back to ancient India. Attarsuiya is named after legendary scholar Atri and his wife Anasuya. 

</doc>
<doc id="9621959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621959" title="151st Air Refueling Wing">
151st Air Refueling Wing

The 151st Air Refueling Wing (124 ARW) is a unit of the Utah Air National Guard, stationed at Salt Lake City Air National Guard Base, Utah. If activated to federal service, the Wing is gained by the United States Air Force Air Mobility Command.
Mission.
The primary mission of the 151st Air Refueling Wing is to provide air refueling support to major commands of the United States Air Force, as well as other U.S. military forces and the military forces of allied nations. Additionally, the unit can support airlift missions. The unit is also tasked with supporting the nuclear strike missions of the Single Integrated Operational Plan.
History.
On 1 July 1958, the Utah Air National Guard 191st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 151st Fighter-Interceptor Group was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 191st FIS becoming the group's flying squadron. Other squadrons assigned into the group were the 151st Headquarters, 151st Material Squadron (Maintenance), 151st Combat Support Squadron, and the 1151st USAF Dispensary. The group was gained by the Air Defense Command (ADC) 29th Air Division.
In 1958, the 151st FIW implemented the ADC Runway Alert Program, in which interceptors of the 191st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron were committed to a five-minute runway alert. Its existing F-86A day interceptors were replaced by the F-86L Sabre Interceptor, a day/night/all-weather aircraft designed to be integrated into the ADC SAGE interceptor direction and control system.
Transport mission.
On 1 April 1961, the 151st was transferred from Air Defense Command to the Military Air Transport Service (MATS), and re-equipped with C-97 Stratofreighter. The 151st Air Transport Group expanded its military airlift role to worldwide mission capabilities. Entering the realm of Southeast Asia and the Vietnam War, the Utah Air National Guard flew its first mission into the Southeast Asia theater combat zone in late 1964, and continued to do so throughout the Vietnam War years. In January 1966, the unit became the 151st Military Airlift Group (151 MAG), under the Military Airlift Command . In 1969, the C-97s were retired and replaced by the C-124C Globemaster II. During the Vietnam War, Utah Air Guard crews flew 6,600 hours of support missions for American forces.
Air Refueling.
The 151st Military Airlift Group was transferred to Strategic Air Command (SAC) on 1 July 1972 and was equipped with second-line KC-97L Stratotankers. In 1978, the squadron received KC-135A Stratotankers; a newer and faster jet tanker. In January 1979 the unit began the 24 hour per day Strategic Air Command (SAC) alert commitment. This commitment would be maintained for the next 12 years until President George Bush ended the SAC Alert Force in 1991.
The 1980s found the squadron involved in many training exercises as well as "real World" flying missions. In 1982 the unit converted to a newer version model aircraft—the KC-135E. In April 1983 the 191st Air Refueling Squadron was involved in the first Pacific Tanker Task Force, with flights to Guam, South Korea and Australia. Spring of 1984 brought a very large "first" for the 1191st Air Refueling Squadron. The unit participated in Coronet Giant, an exercise which entailed a direct flight from the United States to West Germany by 12, A-10 Thunderbolt II attack fighters, refueled along the way by three KC-135's from the 191st The route spanned 3600 miles, and was the largest mission of this type ever undertaken by a guard force.
During Operation Desert Shield, the squadron received orders for a partial activation on 20 December 1990. All aircraft, aircrews and a number of support personnel were dispatched to the newest forward operating base at Cairo West Airport, Egypt on 27–29 December 1990. They became the basis for the 1706th Air Refueling Wing (Provisional). Other unit personnel were mobilized for use as stateside "backfill" (replacing troops sent forward) or sent to overseas destinations.
On 30 April 1999, the 151st ARG was tasked for a Presidential Reserve Call Up due to the crisis in Kosovo. President William Clinton authorized the call up of 33,000 reserve personnel for up to 270 days. The 191st deployed to Europe to support Operation Allied Force.
Global War on Terrorism.
Following the terrorist's attacks on the United States the squadron was tasked to provide aerial refueling support for the countless fighter combat air patrols performed over major U.S. cities. Dubbed Operation Noble Eagle (ONE), the 191st ARS flew their first ONE mission on 12 September 2001. The highest sortie production occurred in November when fighter combat air patrols occurred every four hours over most of the major U.S. cities.
In addition to supporting ONE, the 191st ARS also provided support for Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF), deploying aircraft and personnel to Spain to support combat air operations from late Sep 2001 until the spring of 2002.
At home, local communities see many benefits from the Utah ANG. Many opportunities exist to meet legitimate military training needs while serving the community. Activities include Sub-for-Santa, Blood Drives, highway cleanup, and the 2002 Winter Olympics. The Utah ANG also maintains a state of readiness should Utah need support during an earthquake, flood, civil disturbance, or major disaster, and was involved in assisting evacuees in the aftermath of hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

</doc>
<doc id="9621985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621985" title="Chris Hartcher">
Chris Hartcher

Christopher "Chris" Peter Hartcher MP (born 21 December 1946) is an Australian politician, a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Terrigal as an Independent since 2013 and for the Liberal Party from 2007 to 2013, and has previously represented Gosford between 1988 and 2007. He was the New South Wales Minister for Resources and Energy, Special Minister of State and Minister for the Central Coast in the O'Farrell-Stoner Liberal/National coalitition government from 2011 to 2013.
Early life.
Hartcher was born in North Sydney and was educated at Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview. He received a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Sydney. He then worked as a personal injury and family law solicitor employed by his uncle.
Political career.
Hartcher was elected to represent Gosford for the Liberal Party at the 1988 NSW state election. He was appointed Government Whip in 1991 and served in that role until 1992. On 3 July 1992, Hartcher was appointed to the NSW Cabinet as Minister for the Environment and left the Cabinet with the defeat of the Fahey Government in March 1995.
NSW Opposition.
After the 1995 election, Hartcher was appointed to a number of Shadow Ministerial portfolios spending a combined 7 years as Shadow Minister for Industrial Relations and 4 years as Shadow Attorney General.
On 28 March 2002 he was elected as Deputy Opposition Leader under John Brogden until the 2003 State Election. Former Premier Bob Carr was often Hartcher's political "sparring partner"; a relationship Carr referred to as "good natured fun". Carr nicknamed Hartcher the "The Swamp Fox" – an irreverent reference to US War of Independence guerrilla commander, Francis Marion – to suggest Hartcher would challenge Brogden for leadership of the party.
At the 2003 election Hartcher was challenged in the seat of Gosford by Labor candidate Deborah O'Neill and won by only 272 votes. In 2006, New South Wales Legislative Assembly seats were subject to an electoral redistribution. The seat of Peats was abolished and the majority of the area was redistributed into a newly created seat of Gosford. The majority of the former seat of Gosford was redistributed into the new electoral district of Terrigal. Hartcher was again challenged by O'Neill but was elected Member for Terrigal on 24 March 2007. O'Neill was later elected as the Member for Robertson at the 2010 Federal Election.
In 2010, Hartcher was endorsed as the Liberal Party's candidate for Terrigal ahead of the 2011 election. Hartcher was re-elected as the Member for Terrigal with a swing of 11.1 per cent and won the seat with 74.1 per cent of the vote on a two party preferred basis. His main opponent was Labor's Trevor Drake.
O'Farrell Government.
On 3 April 2011, Hartcher was appointed by Premier Barry O'Farrell to the Cabinet as Minister for Resources and Energy, Special Minister of State and Minister for the Central Coast.
He resigned from Cabinet on 4 December 2013 after the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) raided his office. In February 2014, the ICAC commenced investigating allegations of corrupt conduct. In response to the inquiry, the Liberal partyroom began the process of suspending Hartcher, Chris Spence, and Darren Webber from the parliamentary party, even though they had just renominated for their seats. Before this process began, the three MPs resigned from the Liberal Party to sit as independents.
Personal life.
He is married with three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="9621999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9621999" title="Karnai language">
Karnai language

Karnai ('Barim') is an Austronesian language spoken by about 915 individuals in small villages near Wasu, Morobe Province, on Umboi Island, and near Saidor in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9622028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622028" title="Khongirad">
Khongirad

The Hongirad (Mongolian: Хонгирад/Khonghirad), also known as Qongirat ( ) is a Mongol tribe, one of the major divisions of the Mongols and the Kazakhs. Variations on the name include Onggirat, Ongirat, Qongrat, Khungirat, Kungrad, Qunghrãt, Wangjila (王紀剌), Yongjilie (雍吉烈), and Guangjila (廣吉剌) in Chinese sources and Ongrat or Kungrat in Turkish. Their homeland was located in the vicinity of Lake Hulun in Inner Mongolia and Khalkha River in Mongolia, where they maintained close ties with the ruling dynasties of northern China. Because the various Hongirad clans never united under a single leader, the tribe never rose to great military glory. Their greatest fame comes from being the primary consort clan of the ruling house of Genghis Khan's Mongol empire. Genghis Khan's mother, great grandmother, and first wife were all Hongirads, as were many subsequent Mongol queens and princesses. During the Yuan dynasty they were given the title Lu Wang ("Prince of Lu"), and the Hongirads who migrated west into the territory of modern Uzbekistan and South Kazakhstan Province, became known under the name Kongrat/ Kongyrat, and where many of their descendants still live.
Tribal origin.
The Hongirads are often identified as the descendants of the ancient Wuku/Wugu tribe of Tang Dynasty records. The tribe's own origin myth claims that they were descended from three brothers born of a golden vessel—Jurluq Mergen, Quba Shira, and Tusbu Da'u. The descendants of these brothers formed the Hongirad tribe, but feuds quickly splintered the tribe and gave rise to the off-shoot tribes of the Ikires, Olkhunut, Karanut, Gorlos, and Qongliyuts. Only the descendants of Jurluq Mergen retained the tribal name of Hongirad. One of the most famous Hongirad ancestors was Miser Ulug, an Onggirat Hercules who was super-humanly strong and often slept for days at a time.
Many names of the 12th century's Hongirads and their subtribes have Mongol origin:
Shamanic practices continue in present day Mongol culture.
Relationship with the Mongols: The Legend of Ergune Khun.
According to Mongol legend, two warriors named Kiyan (Khiyad) and Negus (Mongolian: Nokhos, dog or wolf) were defeated in battle and forced to seek shelter in an enclosed valley called Ergune khun ("steep cliffs"). After several generations the descendants of these heroes became too numerous for the valley to support, but no one remembered the way out. A blacksmith came up with a solution—they would create their own way out by melting an exposed iron vein that existed in one of the encircling mountains. Building a massive fire and stoking it with 70 large bellows, the trapped clan did just that and succeeded in creating a passage to the outside world. Once free, the people of Kiyan and Negus went on to create several tribes, including the Mongols and the Hongirads (whose susceptibility to gout was explained by the "fact" that their ancestors were the first to flee Ergene Qun, so they burned their feet on the hot iron).
Hongirad tribe among Kazakh people.
Now, the Hongirad (or Kongyrat or Qongirat in Kazakh language) tribe is one of the big-major tribe of the modern Kazakh people, the population about 500,000 in Kazakhs, belongs to the middle-juz of Kazakh, mostly of them live in south and south-west part of Kazakhstan such as Taraz, Turkestan and Jambyl oblys, also exists with considerable populations among the Kazakh people in China and Afghanistan (see the Hongirad tribe of Kazakh people - from Wikipedia Hongirad introduction in Kazakh language - :kk:Қоңырат).
Consort Tribe.
In addition to having a shared ancestry with the Mongols in general, the Hongirads also shared ancestors with the Mongol royal line, whose originator, Alan Qo'a, was a woman of the Qorlas clan, an offshoot of the Onggirats founded by the legendary Miser Ulug. Down to the 12th century, Mongol rulers such as Qabul Khan and his great-grandson Genghis Khan
were still taking Onggirat wives. Yesugei Ba'adur, the father of Genghis Khan, was not a high ranking Mongol leader, but even he secured himself an Onggirat wife by stealing one from another man. The wives of most rulers of the Yuan Dynasty and Golden Horde were also from the Hongirad. That is why, they held enormous powers behind the courts in both states. They forced the rulers of the Golden Horde to make peace with Kublai in 1280's and convinced Tokhta Khan to accept supremacy of the Great Khan in 1304. The Hongirad under queen Dagi and Temüder, the Minister of the Secretariat, reached their political peak in the Yuan Dynasty, the principal state of 4 khanates, during the reign of Gegeen Khan Shidebala (r.1321-1323). They built Yingchang city in modern Inner Mongolia in 1271.
After the death of the last Yuan emperor, Toghan Temur, who lost his imperial status in China and other Mongol khanates, a body of the Hongirat and Olkhunut (Borte's clan) surrendered to the Ming Dynasty in 1371. Meanwhile, the Hongirat, belonged to the southern Khalkha tumen in modern Inner Mongolia and Olkhunuts lived in modern Khovd Province.
In the 18th century the basins of the Amu Darya and Syr Darya passed under the control of three Uzbek khanates claiming legitimacy in their descent from Genghis Khan. These were, from west to east, the Qongirats based on Khiva in Khwārezm (1717–1920), the Mangits in Bukhara (1753–1920), and the Mings in Kokand (Qǔqon; c. 1710–1876). The Sufi Dynasty (1359–1388) which was founded by the Qongirat elites in Khwārezm ruled their own state under the Jochids and Timur. The Qongirat inaqs became de facto rulers of the Khiva Dynasty in 18th century and their descendants assumed the title of khan themselves in 1804. On 2 February 1920, Khiva's last khan, Sayyid Abdullah, abdicated before its territory was finally incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1924.
Qongirat descendants are part of the Kazakh people, in Middle Juz of the Kazakh nation and the average call themselves "qongirat or kongirat". Descendants found among the people in western parts of Mongolia and the Yugurs in Gansu, China, and little bit in the Karakalpaks and the Uzbegs.

</doc>
<doc id="9622032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622032" title="Osh Airport">
Osh Airport

Osh International Airport (Kyrgyz: Ош эл аралык аэропорту, Russian: Международный аэропорт "Ош" is an airport serving Osh, a city in the Osh province ("oblast") of Kyrgyzstan.
International arrivals with questions concerning their entry into the country may call the border service's Southern Regional Administration at (0 3222) 7-25-25; 2-34-6 or border unit #2011 at (0 3222) 5-55-09; 3-89-38.
In 2012, 835.900 passengers passed through the airport, an increase of 18% over the previous year.
Ground transportation.
Marshrutka route No. 107 serves the airport.
Accident.
On 28 December 2011, Kyrgyzstan Tupolev TU-134A, registration EX-020, operating flight QH3 from Bishkek to Osh, Kyrgyzstan, with 73 passengers and 6 crew suffered a hard landing on Osh's runway 12 resulting in the collapse of the right main gear, right wing separation and the aircraft rolling on its back in fog and low visibility. The aircraft came to a stop on soft ground about 10 meters off the right runway edge. A fuel leak from the left wing led to a fire erupting which was quickly extinguished by airport emergency services. One passenger received serious injuries and 24 people received minor injuries (concussions, bruises), of which 16 were taken to local hospitals. [http://aviation-safety.net/database/record.php?id=20111228-0]

</doc>
<doc id="9622060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622060" title="Sir William Van Horne Elementary School">
Sir William Van Horne Elementary School

Sir William Van Horne Elementary School is a public elementary school in Vancouver, British Columbia part of School District 39 Vancouver. 
Location.
It is located in the Oakridge neighborhood of Vancouver. The school itself is located in the Eric Hamber Secondary catchment area, however students are commonly split up for post secondary education as Van Horne's catchment covers parts of both the Eric Hamber and John Oliver Secondary catchments.
History.
Van Horne was built in 1911, and was named after Sir William Cornelius Van Horne, the general manager of the Canadian Pacific Railway. On May 26, 2011, Van Horne celebrated its centennial.
Architecture.
The main building (built in 1911) was built in a neoclassical style with brick common to many Vancouver Schools built at the turn of the 20th century. The addition of a gymnasium and classrooms were added in later years. In 2003 the VSB began seismic upgrades on the school, including the re-arrangement of classrooms, the addition of new library and computer lab facilities. On the west side of the main building, there are two detached classrooms.
Distance Education.
In 2006, Van Horne was chosen as the host school for the GVDES (Greater Vancouver Distance Education School) Primary Program, but in 2009, the GVDES moved to the nearby high school, John Oliver Secondary School.

</doc>
<doc id="9622068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622068" title="Ink4">
Ink4

INK4 is a tumour suppressor protein. It is associated with several genes, including p16INK4a and p14ARF, and with several other proteins, like HRAS. Lack of this protein has been associated with several types of cancer, including bladder and melanoma. The 'INK4' label is given to three proteins: INK4A and INK4B. These proteins act to inhibit cdk4 and cdk6 upon binding, causing the arrest of the cell cycle in G1.

</doc>
<doc id="9622074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622074" title="Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly">
Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly

Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly was a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones, with music by Alfonso Ferrabosco. It was performed on 3 February 1611 at Whitehall Palace, and published in 1616.
"Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly" proved to be the last masque in which Anne of Denmark, King James I's Queen, performed.
Background.
During the previous six years, the English Court of King James I had established a pattern of staging a major (and expensive) masque in the Christmas season, often on Twelfth Night. James's queen, Anne of Denmark, was a prime mover is these entertainments, and repeatedly performed in them herself, as in the masques of "Blackness" (1605), "Beauty" (1608), and "Queens" (1609). 1611 saw a divergence from this pattern: the major masque of that season was "Oberon, the Faery Prince," which starred Anne's and James's eldest son Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales. Anne got a masque of her own a month later, though it was a more modest affair than previous events; while the bills for earlier masques regularly ran into the thousands of pounds, the total for "Love Freed from Ignorance and Folly" was only £719. (Anne's masque had originally been scheduled for December 1610, and then for Twelfth Night, 6 January 1611; it was postponed twice because of delays in the arrival of the French ambassador, in the wake of the assassination of Henri IV.)
The show.
The masque featured a dozen primary masquers: Anne's ladies in waiting as Daughters of the Morn, with Anne herself as the Queen of the Orient. The anti-masque correspondingly featured twelve Follies or "she-fools." The masque begins with a long conversation between Cupid and a Sphinx; the conceit is that the Sphinx has captured "Love," who must in turn be liberated from this captivity — hence the title. (Cupid's nakedness was simulated with a flesh-colored satin costume.) Cupid is freed by the priests of the Muses, who clue the god to the correct answers to the Sphinx's riddles (which are "Britain" and "King James"). The Queen and Daughters of the Morn also must be released from the Sphinx's imprisonment. Once they are released they appear in a cloud in the sky above their former prison.
Fees.
Both Jonson and Jones received their standard fee of £40 for the masque, though a "dancing master" named Confess who taught the ladies their choreography was paid £50, and his assistant Bohan got £20. Ferrabosco received £20, and musical assistants Robert Johnson and Thomas Lupo earned £5 for arranging the songs for lutes and violins. The five boys who played the Sphinx, Cupid, and the Graces got £2 apiece, but the twelve actors (male) who played the she-fools got only £1 each.
Publication.
The text was published in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616, and was reprinted in the second folio of 1640 and in subsequent Jonson collections.

</doc>
<doc id="9622085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622085" title="Tropical Depression One (1992)">
Tropical Depression One (1992)

Tropical Depression One in June 1992 produced 100-year floods in portions of southwestern Florida. The first tropical depression and second tropical cyclone of the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season, the depression developed on June 25 from a tropical wave. Located in an environment of strong wind shear, much of the convection in the system was located well to the southeast of the poorly defined center of circulation. The depression moved northeastward and made landfall near Tampa, Florida on June 26 shortly before dissipating over land.
The depression, in combination with an upper-level trough to its west, produced heavy rainfall to the east of its path, peaking at 33.43 inches (849 mm) in Cuba and 25 inches (635 mm) in Florida. In Cuba, the rainfall destroyed hundreds of homes and caused two fatalities. In Florida, particularly in Sarasota and Manatee counties, the rainfall caused severe flooding. 4,000 houses were affected, forcing thousands to evacuate. The flooding killed two in the state and was indirectly responsible for a traffic causality. Damage in Florida totaled over $2.6 million (1992 USD, $4 million 2009 USD).
Meteorological history.
A weak tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on June 12. It tracked westward across the tropical Atlantic Ocean with minimal convection, and subsequent to moving through the southern Windward Islands it crossed northern Central America. Convection increased on June 20 as the wave entered the southwestern Caribbean. Under the influence of southeasterly flow from developing Hurricane Celia in the eastern Pacific Ocean and the south-southwesterly flow from a mid- to upper-level trough over the Gulf of Mexico, the area of disturbed weather tracked generally north-northwestward through the Caribbean Sea while spreading across Cuba and southern Florida. On June 24, a mid-level circulation developed near the Yucatán Channel, and shortly thereafter satellite image loops indicated deep convection with some cyclonic rotation near the western tip of Cuba. A reconnaissance aircraft flight was dispatched late on June 24 into the system to determine if it developed into a tropical cyclone, though the flight did not observe evidence of a closed low-level circulation. Subsequent to the flight, satellite imagery indicated a low-level circulation was forming, and on June 25 ship and buoy data confirmed the system developed into Tropical Depression One while located about 235 miles (375 km) west-southwest of Key West, Florida. Operationally, the National Hurricane Center incorrectly classified the system as Tropical Depression Two due to an earlier subtropical storm.
Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression was poorly organized, with much of the convection located well to the southeast of the broad center due to strong upper-level wind shear. The shearing environment was caused by a trough in the Gulf of Mexico and from the outflow from Pacific Hurricane Celia. This was reflected in forecasts, with the National Hurricane Center predicting no significant change in intensity or structure. The depression moved northward before turning to the northeast, and on June 26 the poorly organized system made landfall just north of Tampa, Florida. The low-level circulation dissipated while crossing the Florida peninsula, with the remnants continuing northeastward before being absorbed by a large extratropical cyclone over the western Atlantic.
Impact.
The tropical depression, in combination with the upper-level trough to its west, produced moderate precipitation across Cuba, peaking at 33.43 inches (849 mm). This is the fifth highest known rainfall total from a tropical cyclone in the country. The rainfall primarily affected the provinces of Pinar del Río, Matanzas, and Havana. Two Cuban citizens were killed by the rainfall, with an Arab student reported missing and presumed drowned. The deluge damaged or destroyed hundreds of houses in Pinar del Río and Havana provinces.
In Florida, the depression produced moderate winds near the coast, peaking at 51 mph (82 km/h) in Naples. As in Cuba, the system dropped torrential rainfall, peaking at 25 inches (635 mm) at Arcadia Tower. Large portions of the state reported totals in excess of 10 inches (255 mm) from the depression, with much of Sarasota County receiving over 20 inches (510 mm) of rain. The rainfall was classified as a 100-year flood in Sarasota and Manatee counties, where flooding reached 6 feet (1.8 m) deep in some locations. Officials in Manatee County declared a state of emergency in response to the flooding. There, about 3,000 people were forced to evacuate their homes due to the flooding, some of whom left by boat. The flooding damaged about 50 houses in and around Oneco. Due to the evacuations, no injuries were reported. The reservoir in Manatee County rose to over 39 feet (11.9 m), 4 feet (1.2 m) above normal, which resulted in officials opening floodgates to prevent flooding.
In Sarasota County, the flooding closed several roads and led to many overflown creeks and rivers, including the Horse Creek which crested at 5.8 feet (1.8 m) above flood level. Damage to roads and bridges totaled about $1 million. Due to the flat landscape of the region, the flooding persisted for several days. The depression spawned a tornado in a mobile home park in Nokomis, destroying the roofs of five homes and causing leaks in twelve others. Throughout the area, the passage of the depression left about 45,000 customers without power, primarily due to gusty winds. The outages were fairly short-lived due to power companies calling in extra workers to restore the power. Moderate winds toppled a construction crane at the northern end of the Sunshine Skyway Bridge, closing the bridge for 35 minutes before the crane was removed. In Pinellas County, a man hydroplaned while driving along a flooded roadway; he crashed into a concrete pole and was killed. Severe crop damage to orange trees was reported in association with the flooding. Damage from the depression totaled over $2.6 million (1992 USD, $4 million 2008 USD), with about 4,000 houses affected by the flooding and an additional 70 destroyed. Two people were killed in Florida.
On August 14, about six weeks after the flooding, President George H. W. Bush declared a major disaster area for Charlotte, DeSoto, Manatee, and Sarasota counties. The declaration allowed for the use of federal funding to assist in the aftermath of the system.

</doc>
<doc id="9622096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622096" title="Sador">
Sador

Sador is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium. He was the serving-man of Húrin of Dor-lómin and a friend of his son Túrin Turambar.
In his youth Sador was a woodman, but when in the Battle of Sudden Flame suddenly broke out, he was summoned by Fingolfin the High King of the Noldor. He arrived too late to participate in the battle, but bore back the bier of Hador his lord and later went for a soldier. Sador defended Barad Eithel in the assault of Y.S. 462, but afterwards his "love of battle was sated," and he returned to his work in the forest as a woodwright but accidentally cut off his right foot with an axe.
Sador remained in the service of Húrin as a woodcrafter, making or mending things of little worth that were needed in the house. Túrin called him Labadal which translates into "hopafoot" from Sindarin, one of the languages Tolkien created. Túrin did not call him Labadal in scorn, but in pity, and Sador was not displeased. He would tell Túrin tales of his youth, carve figures of men and beasts and teach such morals as "Give with a free hand, but give only your own."
He was of small account, as he was slow with his tasks and spent much time "on trifles unbidden". Yet the pity that Túrin gave him made Húrin esteem Sador, and he was set to carve a chair for Húrin's hall with the elven knife that Túrin gave him. Sador revered the Elves, but regretted their meeting with Men: "In their light we are dimmed, or we burn with too quick a flame, and the weight of our doom lies the heavier on us."
Sador remained in the house of Morwen after the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, and though the Easterlings had not enslaved him, he regretted that he was unable to join the battle and die a valiant death. After the departure of Túrin and later Morwen he went begging and was often sheltered in the house of Aerin. There he met Túrin returning from Nargothrond, and participated in the rebellion against the Easterlings he had raised. Sador was then mortally wounded and died.
Other versions of the legendarium.
Originally Tolkien conceived Sador as a common man of Dor-lómin, presumably of the Folk of Hador, and this is presented in the narrative of the "Narn i Chîn Húrin". But in a late work a new idea entered, that Sador must be one of the Drúedain and thus serve as an additional "backward link between "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Silmarillion"." Tolkien also proposed that the Drúedain of the household of Húrin followed him from Brethil after his sojourn there, but this would conflict with the story of Sador's late coming to Dagor Bragollach: the battle occurred in Y.S. 455, but Húrin left Brethil in 459. Tolkien also spelt the name as "Sadog", but supposedly this was a slip of memory.

</doc>
<doc id="9622098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622098" title="Ban Huoeisay Airport">
Ban Huoeisay Airport

Ban Huoeisay Airport (, ) is an airport in Ban Houayxay, Laos. Alternative spellings are Ban Houayxay Airport, Ban Houei Sai Airport and Ban Huay Xai Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9622100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622100" title="Riverside Polytechnic High School">
Riverside Polytechnic High School

Riverside Polytechnic High School is a four-year public high school in Riverside, California, United States, and part of the Riverside Unified School District. The current facility, located on Victoria Avenue, was opened in September 1965; the traditions of the school go back to 1887, then known as the Riverside High School, making Riverside Polytechnic the oldest high school in the city.
History.
Riverside Polytechnic High School traces its heritage from 1887,
when the newly formed city of Riverside needed higher education for the community. The first joint elementary and high school's first graduating class in 1890 comprised seven students—four girls and three boys. Eugenie Fuller was its principal. When classes grew too large in 1902, a new co-educational high school building was constructed on Ninth Street between Lemon and Lime Streets, and the original 14th Street building became the Grant School, serving grades 3–8.
In 1910, Riverside High School's enrollment was approximately 500 students, and new facilities were required. In 1911, the genders were separated, creating a Girls High School at the Ninth Street building, and the Polytechnic High School for boys at a newly constructed campus on Terracina Avenue. Fuller continued as principal of the Girls High School, and Mr. J.E. McKown was appointed principal of the Riverside Polytechnic High School.
In 1916, the Polytechnic High School began offering postgraduate classes. The Riverside Junior College District was formed in 1920, and the Riverside Junior College moved out of the high school to an adjacent property.
World War I brought changes to both high school campuses. The earlier enrollment explosion waned as young men joined the armed forces. In 1924, the school board created a junior high school level and consolidated the senior high schools into one co-educational school. A new Applied Arts Building provided Home Economics and "other facilities for the girls." The old Girls High School now served as a Girls Junior High School, while the Boys Junior High School was located at the old Grant School. 1924–25 saw the Junior College and the Senior High School with growing enrollments, and so provided separate administrations for each. There were 202 seniors in 1924.
During World War II, many Poly girls worked with a federal government–sponsored group called the High School Victory Corps.
The girls helped make bandages and other needed items, or worked in essential industries after school. All who took part in these activities were volunteers. In 1944, the Victory Corps was discontinued at Poly.
In the 1950s, there was a tradition that each incoming class at the school would be given an unflattering nickname that would remain with the class until their graduation. For example, the class of 1951 was dubbed the "Geeks" and the class of 1953 was the "Orts".
In 1956, double sessions at Poly were needed until a second high school, Ramona High, could be built. As high school enrollment continued to grow, it was evident that a third high school would be needed in Riverside. In 1960, a new high school, Rubidoux, shared the Poly campus until its campus could be completed in 1961. In 1965, Poly separated from the junior college campus and a site on the corner of Central and Victoria Avenues was built, along with a high school on Third Street and Chicago Avenue, named North High. Both high schools opened their doors in September 1965, with the Victoria site keeping the traditional name of Riverside Polytechnic High School. Since that time, Poly High School classes have taken place on the present site.
Riverside Polytechnic High School is home to one of the original, still active Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) units, established in 1917 and was originally called the Poly High Cadet Corps. It is the oldest JROTC program west of the Mississippi River, and second oldest in the United States. In 1970 it was among the first JROTC units to offer a girls program 
There were 51 young men making up the Class of 1916, known as the "Stags of 1916". There were 18 faculty members. This class was the first to complete the four-year course offered in the new building.
Mascot, Yearbook and School Colors.
Riverside Polytechnic High is a supporter of their mascot, a koala known as Kris Koala. In 1940, the koala appeared on the cover of the yearbook. From then on, the yearbook was called "The Koala". Over the years, the "Koala" portion of Poly High's koala-bear mascot faded to the point that, today, the mascot is referred to as "The Poly Bears". Poly High colors have always been orange and green.
The first yearbook, "The Stag" was published in 1912. In 1918, the title was changed to "Orange and Green" when it became a joint publication for the boys' and girls' schools. In 1940, the title changed again when the mascot was added, to "The Koala".
Music department.
Poly's Vocal Music division has presents 5 choirs at its 4 home concerts. The award-winning Chamber Singers competed in a San Francisco area adjudicated festival in May 2012 and earned a Superior score and was awarded the Best Overall Choir award. Additionally, 2 soloists earned Outstanding Soloist medallions. The Chamber Singers were chosen again to participate in the Disneyland Candlelight Procession and Ceremony in December 2011.
The school's marching band is named the Proud Heritage Band and Color Guard. The band and Color Guard achieved second place in the 2008 SCSBOA Championships Field Tournament. The Winter Drumline won the 2007 American Drum-line Association Southern California Championships, making them the first place high-school Drumline in Southern California.
Poly has the only high school orchestra in the Riverside Unified School District. They received a Superior Score in the 2008 SCSBOA Regional.

</doc>
<doc id="9622106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622106" title="Engels Maps">
Engels Maps

Engels Maps is a map company in the Ohio Valley with particular concentration on the Cincinnati-Dayton Region. It also produces Chamber of Commerce maps. 
Publications.
It has three semi-annual publications that form its foundation:
Their maps are also found in the Cincinnati Bell Yellow Pages and the Dayton WorkBook.
Corporate history.
Engels Maps was founded by Judson Engels in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9622132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622132" title="Humood Sultan">
Humood Sultan

Humood Sultan Mathkoor (born 1956 in Muharraq) is a former Bahraini football goalkeeper. He spent his career at Muharraq Club and was a key member of his team's successes in the 1980s and 1990s.
Career.
Sultan played with the Bahrain national football team in 9 Gulf Cups, from the 1976 tournament in Qatar to the 1994 tournament in UAE.
He won the best Asian goalkeeper award in 1994 and also the best goalkeeper in 3 different Gulf Cups.
He is working now as a football pundit for Al-Kass sports channel in Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="9622141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622141" title="Malasanga language">
Malasanga language

Malasanga or Pano is an Austronesian language spoken by about 900 individuals in two villages on the north coast of Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9622178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622178" title="Tapputi">
Tapputi

Tapputi, also referred to as Tapputi-Belatekallim ("Belatekallim" refers to female overseer of a palace), is considered to be the world’s first chemist, a perfume-maker mentioned in a cuneiform tablet from the second millennium BC in Babylonian Mesopotamia. She used flowers, oil, and calamus along with cyperus, myrrh, and balsam. She added water then distilled and filtered several times. This is also the oldest referenced still. 
She also was an overseer at the Royal Palace, and worked with a researcher named (—)-ninu (the first part of her name has been lost).

</doc>
<doc id="9622182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622182" title="Ontario Highway 125">
Ontario Highway 125

King's Highway 125, commonly referred to as Highway 125, is a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is the second northernmost provincial highway in Ontario, behind Secondary Highway 599. The route connects Highway 105 in Red Lake with Cochenour to the northeast.
Route description.
Highway 125 is long and travels from Highway 105 in Red Lake to the ferry docks in the Cochenour/McKenzie Island area. Beyond Cochenour and Balmertown, unmaintained forestry roads travel northwards to Pikangikum, and link to winter/ice roads that service communities even further north. The only provincially-maintained highway that travels further north is secondary Highway 599 to Pickle Lake.
Despite connecting two nearby communities, the majority of the route is rural in nature; only the final kilometre is within a built-up area.
History.
Highway 125 was first assumed by the Department of Highways in the mid-1950s, connecting Red Lake with its Airport. The road was paved in its entirety by 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9622183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622183" title="45th Judan">
45th Judan

The 45th Judan was held from May 11, 2006 to April 25, 2007. The current sponsor is Sankei Newspapers. The holder is Cho Chikun, and the challenger is Keigo Yamashita for the second time in-a-row. Hideki Komatsu, Norimoto Yoda, Kimio Yamada, Hideo Otake, Koichi Kobayashi, Kim Shushun, Naoki Hane, and Takeshi Sakai qualified through preliminary tournaments. The rest of the players were given spots automatically.

</doc>
<doc id="9622185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622185" title="Hodges–Lehmann estimator">
Hodges–Lehmann estimator

In statistics, the Hodges–Lehmann estimator is a robust and nonparametric estimator of a population's location parameter. For populations that are symmetric about one median, such as the (Gaussian) normal distribution or the Student "t"-distribution, the Hodges–Lehmann estimator is a consistent and median-unbiased estimate of the population median. For non-symmetric populations, the Hodges–Lehmann estimator estimates the "pseudo–median", which is closely related to the population median.
The Hodges–Lehmann estimator was proposed originally for estimating the location parameter of one-dimensional populations, but it has been used for many more purposes. It has been used to estimate the differences between the members of two populations. It has been generalized from univariate populations to multivariate populations, which produce samples of vectors.
It is based on the Wilcoxon signed-rank statistic. In statistical theory, it was an early example of an rank-based estimator, an important class of estimators both in nonparametric statistics and in robust statistics. The Hodges–Lehmann estimator was proposed in 1963 independently by Pranab Kumar Sen and by Joseph Hodges and Erich Lehmann, and so it is also called the "Hodges–Lehmann–Sen estimator".
Definition.
In the simplest case, the "Hodges–Lehmann" statistic estimates the location parameter for a univariate population. Its computation can be described quickly. For a dataset with "n" measurements, its Cartesian product with itself has "n"("n" + 1)/2 pairs, including the pair of each item taken twice. For each such pair, the mean is computed; finally, the median of these "n"("n" + 1)/2 averages is defined to be the Hodges–Lehmann estimator of location.
The Hodges–Lehmann statistic also estimates the difference between two populations. For two sets of data with "m" and "n" observations, their Cartesian product contains "m" × "n" pairs of points (one from each set); each such pair defines one difference of values. The Hodges–Lehmann statistic is the median of the "m" × "n" differences.
Estimating the population median of a symmetric population.
For a population that is symmetric, the Hodges–Lehmann statistic estimates the population's median. It is a robust statistic that has a breakdown point of 0.29, which means that it remains consistent even if nearly 30 percent of the data have been contaminated. This robustness is an important advantage over the sample mean, which has a zero breakdown point, being proportional to any single observation and so liable to being misled by even one outlier. The sample median is even more robust, having a breakdown point of 0.50. The Hodges–Lehmann estimator is much better than the sample mean when estimating mixtures of normal distributions, also.
For symmetric distributions, the Hodges–Lehmann statistic has greater efficiency than does the sample median. For the normal distribution, the Hodges-Lehmann statistic is nearly as efficient as the sample mean. For the Cauchy distribution (Student t-distribution with one degree of freedom), the Hodges-Lehmann is infinitely more efficient than the sample mean, which is not a consistent estimator of the median.
For non-symmetric populations, the Hodges-Lehmann statistic estimates the population's "pseudo-median", a location parameter that is closely related to the median. The difference between the median and pseudo-median is relatively small, and so this distinction is neglected in elementary discussions. Like the spatial median, the pseudo–median is well defined for all distributions of random variables having dimension two or greater; for one-dimensional distributions, there exists some pseudo–median, which need not be unique, however. Like the median, the pseudo–median is defined for even heavy–tailed distributions that lack any (finite) mean.
The one-sample Hodges–Lehmann statistic need not estimate any population mean, which for many distributions does not exist. The two-sample Hodges–Lehmann estimator need not estimate the difference of two means or the difference of two (pseudo-)medians; rather, it estimates the differences between the population of the paired random–variables drawn respectively from the populations.
In general statistics.
The Hodges–Lehmann "univariate" statistics have several generalizations in "multivariate" statistics:

</doc>
<doc id="9622187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622187" title="Truxtun Beale">
Truxtun Beale

Truxtun Beale (March 6, 1856 – June 2, 1936) was an American diplomat.
Biography.
Beale was born in San Francisco to Edward Fitzgerald Beale and Mary Engle Edwards; his siblings were Mary (1852–1925) and Emily (1854-?). He was named for his grandfather Commodore Thomas Truxtun. In 1874 he graduated from the Pennsylvania Military College, and four years later, after studying law at Columbia University, was admitted to the bar. From 1876 to 1877 Beale was secretary to his father the US Ambassador to Austria-Hungary in Vienna. Instead of practicing law, he became manager of his father's Tejon Ranch in California, where he remained for 13 years.
In 1891 he was appointed by President Harrison United States Minister to Persia, and a year later, Minister (afterward Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary) to Greece, Romania, and Serbia, making him ambassador to three countries at once. The years 1894-96 he devoted to travel in Siberia, Central Asia, and Chinese Turkestan. Many articles on international questions were contributed by him to reviews and magazines.
Upon the death of Edward Beale in 1893, Truxtun Beale inherited the Tejon Ranch. By his first wife, Harriet Blaine of Maine (the daughter of James G. Blaine), whom he married in 1894, he had a son, Walker Blaine Beale (1896 - September 18, 1918), a Lieutenant in the United States Army killed in action in France in World War I.
After divorcing Harriet, Truxtun returned to California and began a law practice. Upon the 1903 death of his mother, Beale inherited Decatur House in Washington, D.C. The same year he married his second wife, Marie Oge of San Rafael, California in New York City on April 23. The marriage took place in New York City in order to avoid what a newspaper called “notoriety due to the shooting last year in San Francisco.” The couple initially divided their time between Washington and California, but settled permanently at Decatur House following Beale’s decision in 1912 to sell Tejon Ranch to a syndicate of investors headed by Harry Chandler and Moses Sherman.
Truxtun Beale spent his last years assembling his father’s papers for an official biography and writing about foreign affairs. He died in at his country home near Annapolis, Maryland and is buried in Bruton Parish Churchyard, Williamsburg, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9622200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622200" title="Britto School">
Britto School

Britto School is a school in Adambakkam, Chennai, India.
History.
The school was started by the Holy Trinity Trust, and was originally named the Mount Public School. The principal was Malathi Joel, a non-resident Indian who had previously returned to India to start a school. Joel died in 2010.
The school later changed its name to the Mount Christian Matriculation Higher Secondary School, and achieved numerous awards in basketball. There are three buildings in the school, as well as a playground and a basketball court. 
The school was taken over by Britto's Institution and renamed Britto School.

</doc>
<doc id="9622204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622204" title="Verónica Cura">
Verónica Cura

Verónica Cura is a film producer, production manager, and production designer.
She works in the cinema of Argentina.
Cura has worked with Enrique Piñeyro at Aqua Films, a film production company in Argentina.
Cura owns since 2008 her own Production Company Utopica Cine partnering with Alex Zito.
She teaches Production 101 at the ENERC ("Escuela Nacional de Realización y Experimentación Cinematográfica").

</doc>
<doc id="9622216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622216" title="Daryl Maguire">
Daryl Maguire

Daryl William Maguire MP JP (born 1959), an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Wagga Wagga for the Liberal Party of Australia since 1999. On 30 March 2011, Maguire was appointed to Government Whip in the O'Farrell-Stoner Liberal/National coalition government.
Early years and background.
Maguire has an extensive involvement with local community organisations. He is married with two children. Prior to his election to parliament, Maguire worked as a local store proprietor and franchisee.
Political career.
Elected to represent Wagga Wagga in 1999 following the retirement of long-standing sitting member, Joe Schipp, Maguire has held the seat comfortably whilst in opposition. In 2003, Maguire was elected Opposition Whip and since 2011 is now Government Whip. 
At the 2011 state election, Maguire was challenged by Dr Joe McGirr, a local doctor and Director of the Emergency Department at Wagga Wagga Base Hospital. Maguire suffered a swing against the Liberal Party of 5.5 per cent, although won the seat comfortably with 52.5 per cent of the vote on primary count. In somewhat controversial circumstances, the Electoral Commission of New South Wales chose to distribute preferences between Maguire and the Labor candidate, Glenn Elliott-Rudder, who polled third on primary votes.

</doc>
<doc id="9622222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622222" title="Education in Westchester County">
Education in Westchester County

Westchester County, New York, contains 40 public school districts, 118 private schools and 14 colleges/universities.
Public school districts.
Most school district boundaries do not follow municipal boundaries, but the six city school districts in the county have the same boundaries as their cities.

</doc>
<doc id="9622224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622224" title="Joshua Fisher">
Joshua Fisher

Joshua Fisher (1707 – February 1, 1783) was a prominent Philadelphia merchant involved in transatlantic trade and mapmaking as applied to nautical charts. He made the first
nautical chart of the Delaware River and Delaware Bay, and established the first merchant packet line between London and Philadelphia.
Early years.
Fisher was born in Sussex County, Delaware, into a Quaker family with historic roots, growing up in Lewes, Delaware. His father, Thomas Fisher (1669-1713), and mother, Margery Maud (1671-1770), were both Quakers, as were his grandparents. Margery Maud was step daughter of Dr. Thomas Wynne. His grandfather, John Fisher, came to America aboard the "Welcome" with William Penn. Fisher was enterprising, and taught himself mathematics and mechanics. He married (July 27, 1733) a neighbor's daughter, Sarah Rowland, the granddaughter of Mary Harworth, an eloquent Friends minister who had also arrived on the "Welcome".
Establishing a business.
Fisher settled in Lewes, Delaware, near Cape Henlopen, regularly attending Quaker Meeting. He learned to make hats from animal skins, started a hat-making business, and established an active trade with the local Indians in pelts of beaver and other small animals. He developed a transatlantic trade and sold many pelts to customers in England. In Lewes he opened a large inn and country store, which was frequented by many pilots and ship captains because Lewes was the first port at the mouth of Delaware Bay and a good location to learn about the channel to Philadelphia. Fisher gave the pilots advice about how to navigate Delaware Bay, which was notorious for its many shoals. He was appointed by Thomas Penn to be Deputy Surveyor General of Delaware.
Family farm.
Fisher's father Thomas owned a property that included a farm, and another property at Cool Spring, west of Lewes, that included a farm house constructed
in the Dutch style with a gambrel roof. When his father died in 1713, Fisher inherited the properties, ran them profitably for two decades, and in 1736 sold the Cool Spring property to Rev. James Martin, a pastor of nearby Presbyterian churches, whose descendants held the property for two centuries. In 1980, the Fisher-Martin house was moved to downtown Lewes, where it currently houses the Chamber of Commerce information center.
Move to Philadelphia.
In 1746, Fisher sold his store and house in Lewes and moved with his wife and six children to Philadelphia, at first settling in a house on the north side of Walnut St above Front St. Later he built a house at 110 S. Front St. and moved his family there. He had owned slaves on the family farm outside of Lewes and sold them before the move, but later repurchased them and gave them and their descendants their freedom. Fisher also purchased a country estate north of the city overlooking the Schuylkill River from the east, and built a house there in 1753 called "The Cliffs", after his family's ancestral home in Yorkshire, England. The family often stayed at The Cliffs in the summer, enjoying the nearby river.
Mercantile Business.
Fisher built a warehouse in downtown Philadelphia at the back of the lot at 110 S. Front St where his house stood, and established there a prosperous mercantile business, "Joshua Fisher & Sons" (1762-1783), selling virtually every type of object. Soon after, Fisher established the first packet line of ships to sail regularly between Philadelphia and London, two of the largest cities in the British Empire. Customers were able to order items such as porcelain, silverware, brass pulls for dressers, and every other imaginable type of merchandise from a detailed catalog, and receive their goods within weeks. The business did not advertise much in the local newspapers because it was mainly a wholesale supplier to retail stores. Fisher's descendants still possess well-built Windsor chairs from the packet line.
Map of Delaware Bay.
Fisher continued his interest in the navigation of Delaware Bay, and at night studied navigation. He was encouraged in this endeavor by the pilots and ship captains who continued to need accurate information about the shoals and channels of Delaware Bay. Over the course of 20 years Fisher developed a detailed map of Delaware Bay with help from his brother-in-law, Samuel Rowland, and teacher Thomas Godfrey. The chart was very accurate for the day, showing observations of the exact latitude and longitude, and soundings, information about harbors, stream inlets, shoals, and ship channels. The chart was engraved by James Turner, funded by a group of local merchants and ship owners, and printed in 1756 in Philadelphia by printer John Davis.
Fisher was ordered not to publish the map by the Governor, Robert Hunter Morris, because a war appeared likely with France and he was concerned that the map might fall into enemy hands. Fisher sent out copies of the map anyway and explained
that the map did not show the full way to Philadelphia, and the complexity of the navigation to Philadelphia would deter the enemy. The map was re-engraved in Philadelphia in 1775, duplicated and published in London in 1776, and widely sold and distributed. It remained the standard map for navigation to Philadelphia for almost a century.
Revolutionary War and family.
During the Revolution, much of Fisher's inventory of merchandise was commandeered by the military to support the revolutionary cause, but Fisher was not fully reimbursed for it. In 1779 his son Thomas and a slave worker were taken hostage from Fisher's farm in lower Delaware by the British, and Fisher was obliged to pay a ransom of 100 bullocks. As many Quakers did during the Revolution, he maintained a neutral position with respect to the fledgling country's conflicts, and he and his family suffered as a consequence. In 1777 Fisher's sons were ordered by the authorities to produce their firm's business records but they refused, and since they were Quakers they refused to swear an oath of allegiance. As a consequence sons Thomas, Samuel, Meirs were exiled to Winchester, Virginia along with several other Quakers, and kept under house arrest for a year. Although they were treated somewhat harshly they survived without severe illness, but their brother-in-law Thomas Gilpin and John Hunt died. After evacuation of the British, the group of Quakers were eventually pardoned and allowed to return to Philadelphia by order of George Washington and the Congress.
Fisher's son Samuel continued to show opposition to the revolutionary cause, and in 1779 he and was arrested on the charge of being a Tory on the basis of a letter he sent to his brother Jabez Maud on a ship unable to land in New York Harbor. Samuel exacerbated the situation by not recognizing the authority of the court and was sent to jail for 2 years. Fisher was by then too ill to be taken from his home and the charges against him were dropped. Fisher's sons continued the mercantile business and son Samuel continued the packet line to London, capturing business with catalogs of textiles and
manufactured items, and the family continued to be prosperous. Fisher's great-grandson was Joseph Wharton, a prominent industrialist who founded the Wharton School of Business.
References.
http://links.jstor.org/sici?sici=0084-0416(1964)1%3C188%3ASRF%22OE%3E2.0.CO%3B2-A
http://www.leweschamber.com/history.html

</doc>
<doc id="9622227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622227" title="Oudomsay Airport">
Oudomsay Airport

Oudomsay Airport (or Oudomxay Airport) is an airport in Muang Xay, Laos .

</doc>
<doc id="9622272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622272" title="Myriam Montemayor Cruz">
Myriam Montemayor Cruz

Myriam Montemayor Cruz (born February 8, 1981, Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico), better known as Myriam, is a Mexican recording artist, known for winning the first season of Mexican talent show "La Academia".
Biography.
Myriam grew up in a home with many brothers and sisters. Since she was a child, she dreamed of becoming a singer. 
Her musical career began in Monterrey with musical groups such as Obsesión, Conspiración, Ébano, Liberación and Compass. 
In 2002, she was selected for the Mexican musical reality TV show "La Academia". During this show she sang "Como la Flor", "Mudanzas", "De mi enamorate", "Él me mintió" and other songs. Her charm and personality, as well as her great interpretative talent, propelled her to become one of the most popular persons in the reality show. After 5 months on the show, she was announced the winner at the Season Finale in the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico City.
Myriam signed to EMI Music for 5 years or 5 albums. A week after winning "La Academia", EMI released her first album, a compilation of the themes that Myriam sang in the show. It sold 300,000 copies within two months, topping the Mexican charts and being the first ex-student from "La Academia" to go double Platinum; at this time the album had sold more than half a million copies.
Her second album, "Una Mujer", was led by the single "Sin Ti No Hay Nada". This album also included a song written by Soraya titled "Como Seria" which Myriam later released as a single. The album sold 200,000 copies and reached double platinum status.
At this time, TV Azteca launched their first "Desafio de Estrellas". Myriam ended up winning third place, coming behind Yahir (1st place) and Nadia (2nd place). After the show was over, a special edition of her album was released with studio versions of several of the songs she performed on "Desafio de Estrellas", along with two unreleased songs, including "Amor Secreto", which was later recorded by Paulina Rubio for her album "Pau Latina"; this album again reached platinum status by reaching the top of the Mexican charts.
In March 2004 Myriam performed her first concert in Auditorio Coca-Cola, selling it out. More than 23,000 people attended the concert. In 2004 Myriam returned with another CD which in only two weeks reached gold status, selling more than 70,000 copies. "Hasta El Limite" was the first single from this album, and was Myriam's most successful single. This album included songs written by Leonel from the duo Sin Bandera, from the Italian Tiziano Ferro, and also has a song composed by Estrella and Myriam, "Porque Soy Mujer", which was the second single. Months later the album reached Platinum status.
A year later EMI released a fourth album, a mix of pop, ballads and Tex-Mex. The first single was "Vete de Aqui", which also was the name of the album. "Traicionera", "Fuego y Pasion" "& Paxiao", "Negra Pena" and "Lo Que Siento Es Amor" were also singles. The album sold more than 50,000 copies.
Myriam returned in 2007 with a tribute album to Ana Gabriel, "Simplemente Amigos" (also the name of the first single), which entered the top 10 in the Mexican charts. The album reached triple platinum status by selling 300,000 copies worldwide. The second single was "Mar & Arena".
EMI released a greatest hits album in August 2007 entitled "The Best Of... Myriam", which includes all her singles plus a bonus disc that has the best songs that Myriam sang during "La Academia". All the songs were digitally remastered.
Myriam has received an award from EMI, "The Multiplatinum Range", for the high sales of her albums. This award was also awarded to RBD and Robbie Williams.
On June 2, 2008 Myriam release a new album, "Cambio de Piel", which she said was her best album so far. It is a pop album with notable composers such as Mario Domm and Reyli Barba. Stores in Mexico City, Veracruz, Monterrey and Guadalajara ran out of CDs on the first day of sale.
On September 7, 2008 Myriam first presented her show with Kika Edgar in the "Teatro Metropolitan". In 2008, the composer Armando Manzanero choose her to be part of his new album, "Las Mujeres de Manzanero", where Myriam sang "Regresa a Mi" and, in 2009, went on tour with the Mexican composer and his cast of notable female artists.
In 2009, Myriam also participated in "El Gran Desafio De Estrellas", a reality show competition produced by TV Azteca, where she won 2nd place in the final. During the last episode of this program Myriam made clear her desire to leave TV Azteca.
Throughout 2010, Myriam performed in private concerts around the Mexican Republic, and made appearances on Multimedios Television, with events such as "El Corazon Mas Grande" and "Unidos Somos Nuevo León" (the latter of these an effort relief after a devastating weather event in Nuevo León, Mexico).
In early 2011, Myriam released her 7th full length album titled "Regio Corazon, Alma Mexicana", which placed in Mexico's Top 100 list in Mexico for its first few weeks in the market. Promotion of the album was focused mainly in Monterrey and Mexico City, although Myriam presented herself in television programs, concert events, and radio stations throughout all of Mexico, as well as giving interviews to local (and non local) news.
In late April and May, 2011, Myriam joined the musical production "Jesucristo Superestrella" ("Jesus Christ Superstar"), starring Mexican actor Mauricio Martinez as Jesus, where she played the role of Mary Magdalene while pregnant. Although the season did not last long, the musical was considered to be a hit.
Currently.
Myriam is currently promoting her new album "Regio Corazon, Alma Mexicana" (released in February 2011) which contains grupero, banda, mariachi and norteno music.
She also recorded a duet with Jorge "Coque" Muniz for his CD "Emociones" which is called "La Pareja Ideal", which Marco Antonio Solís and Marisela made famous some years ago.
Myriam announced on March 14, 2011 through a press release and through her Twitter that she was pregnant. She also mentioned that she would still continue promoting her album "Regio Corazon, Alma Mexicana". A couple of months later, in July 2011, Myriam announced that she had given birth to her firstborn son, Frank Alejandro.
Myriam has made known through Twitter that she will soon be back in the music world with a new album, which she made known will be tentatively called "Irracional".
In the mean time, Myriam was invited to serve as a judge on the Mexican musical reality show that witnessed her birth as an artist, "La Academia". Her appearance on the show seems to have mended damaged relationships between the Mexican popstress and the television company "TV Azteca".

</doc>
<doc id="9622293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622293" title="List of orbits">
List of orbits

The following is a list of types of orbits:
Eccentricity classifications.
There are two types of orbits: closed (periodic) orbits, and open (escape) orbits. Circular and elliptical orbits are closed. Parabolic and hyperbolic orbits are open. Radial orbits can be either open or closed.

</doc>
<doc id="9622296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622296" title="Chilaun">
Chilaun

Chilaun () was a general in the Mongol Empire, known as one of Genghis Khan's four valiant warriors. His relatives, specifically his father, helped young Genghis escape from captivity at the hands of the Tayichiuds. His descendants include Chupan. 
His name "Chuluun" means "rock/rocky" in the Mongolian language.

</doc>
<doc id="9622299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622299" title="Black Stone Cherry (album)">
Black Stone Cherry (album)

Black Stone Cherry is the debut album from southern rockers Black Stone Cherry. The album was released on July 18, 2006 through Roadrunner Records. The album has produced three singles: "Lonely Train", "Hell & High Water" and "Rain Wizard".
As of 2008, the album had sold around 110,000 copies.
In pop culture.
The track "Lonely Train" was the official theme song for WWE's The Great American Bash 2006. It was later featured in the WWE video game "WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2007".

</doc>
<doc id="9622310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622310" title="Matachewan, Ontario">
Matachewan, Ontario

Matachewan is a small township in Timiskaming, Northeastern Ontario, Canada, located at the end of Ontario Highway 66 along the Montreal River.
The town's main economy is based on mineral mining, mainly gold mining, with some tourism.
History.
Matachewan began as a trading post of the Hudson's Bay Company, called Fort Matachewan, located about north of the present town site. It consisted only of a large depot and stores, with a church added later on. The local First Nations, who traded their furs here, would camp along the Montreal River but not settle permanently.
The impetus to the town's growth came in the 1920s when mineral deposits, such as gold, copper, and molybdenite, were found in the area. From then on it experienced boom and bust cycles of typical mining towns, depending on the swings in commodity prices, but its economy has gradually shifted to forestry and tourism.
In January 1976, the Improvement District of Matachewan was formed, and in 1995, it was incorporated as a township.
In 2006, a medivac helipad was built to help accommodate the possibility of injuries that may occur at the Young-Davidson mine site. In 2008, an old and worn out wooden bridge over the Montreal River which was built in 1937 was replaced with a new steel-concrete reinforced structure for safety reasons regarding the heavy traffic to/from the mine.
Historic sites.
Matachewan's history traces its roots to the
Economy.
Matachewan's early history included the
Culture.
Matachewan is known for celebrating local cultures every July during the Matachewan Villages Festival event.
Entertainment and attractions.
N/A
Sports teams and tournaments.
Defunct teams.
- Young-Davidson curling club

</doc>
<doc id="9622333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622333" title="Elvis and Anabelle">
Elvis and Anabelle

Elvis and Anabelle is an American romantic drama, directed by Will Geiger. It premiered on March 10, 2007 at the South by Southwest film and music festival in Austin, Texas. Premiered on HBO in September/October 2012. 
Plot.
Groomed by her overly ambitious mother, Anabelle is on the road to winning the Miss Texas Rose title when she dies tragically due to an eating disorder after being crowned on stage. Her death lands her on the embalming table of Elvis Moreau, an embittered young man whose sense of family duty and love for his ailing father keep him from following his dreams. When Anabelle is miraculously resurrected on Elvis' embalming table, the two unexpectedly connect and sparks fly. With the help of each other and Elvis' father, they discover love, freedom and happiness as the real world and their own demons threaten to force them apart.
Critical reception.
The film received a 75% approval on Rotten Tomatoes and Movieline Magazine cited is as being "A dark and dreamy slice of Southern Gothic Romance, having all the hallmarks of a cult film in the making, destined for Gen-Z status." The film was seen as a Blake Lively's "wakeup calling card to Hollywood." and Max Mingella's performance was described as having "the appropriate blend of affected cool, vulnerability and victim mentality for his angsty hero", noting that "Minghella should now be on every director's watch list." 

</doc>
<doc id="9622343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622343" title="Magistrates court (Northern Territory)">
Magistrates court (Northern Territory)

The magistrates' court is the generic name given to a lower court constituted by magistrates and justices of the peace in the Northern Territory, a territory of Australia. There is no actual magistrates court, and the reference to the court is usually a reference to the building. The magistrates court are the first tier in the Northern Territorian court system. The magistrates also have jurisdiction to hear matters in a number of other courts, such as the Juvenile Court, the Family Matters Court, Local Court, Small Claims Court and the Work Health Court.
Constitution.
Magistrates courts can be constituted by a stipendiary magistrate or by justices of the peace. The Administrator of the Northern Territory may appoint stipendiary magistrates under the Magistrates Act (NT). The administrator may also appoint a Chief Stipendiary Magistrate and Deputy Chief Stipendiary Magistrates. A stipendiary magistrate receives payment by way of a salary for performing those duties. 
Justices of the Peace may specifically sit as the Court of Summary Jurisdiction. In certain cases, there must two justices sitting together. In other cases, a justice can sit alone. Justices are an honorary appointment, and so are not paid for their service to the courts.
Types of magistrates' courts.
Criminal cases are dealt with by the Court of Summary Jurisdiction of the Northern Territory. The court is established under the Justices Act (NT). These are the less serious criminal cases. In certain cases, a single justice of the peace may deal with a criminal matter if both the prosecution and the defendant agree. In serious cases (e.g. Murder), the court must commit the person for trial to the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory.
The Local Court of the Northern Territory deals with civil cases. It is established under the Local Courts Act (NT). It can hear debt and damage claims up to a maximum of $100,000. Amounts under $10,000 are heard in the Small Claim Division of the court. The local court has the power to grant adoptions and determine appeals against decisions of certain statutory officers. A magistrate constitutes this court.
The Youth Justice Court is established by the Youth Justice Act (NT). It hears charges against young offenders. A Youth is a person who is under the age of 18 at the time of being charged or appearing before the court
The Community Court of the Northern Territory aims to achieve community involvement in the sentencing process and to broaden the sentencing process .
The Family Matters Court of the Northern Territory is established under the Community Welfare Act (NT). It makes orders in respect of the welfare or guardianship of children considered to be in need of care. The court is constituted by a Magistrate. 
The Work Health Court of the Northern Territory deals with workers' compensation claims. Each Magistrate constitutes the court, and in certain circumstances, a judicial registrar or a registrar may also constitute the court. 
The Alcohol Court of the Northern Territory deals with alcohol dependency that leads to crime to reduce the incidence of crime, help to rehabilitate offenders, and improve health and social amenity.
Magistrates also hold the office of the Coroner. The administrator may also appoint a Territory Coroner under the Coroners Act (NT). Coroners hold inquests into deaths.
All Law in the Northern Territory falls under Commercial Code providing Criminal Acts in Statute Law. Common Law has been unused in the Northern Territory for at least 25 years. Constitutional Law is not valid under the Magistrates Courts of the Northern Territory, all laws are created in Legislation or Commercial Statutes.
Current magistrates.
The current Chief Magistrate is Dr John Lowndes CM.
Stipendiary Magistrates located at Darwin are:
Stipendiary Magistrates located at Alice Springs 
Stipendiary Magistrates located at Katherine 

</doc>
<doc id="9622352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622352" title="Dan Vogel">
Dan Vogel

Daniel Arlon Vogel (born 1955) is the author of a number of books related to early Mormon history. He is a former member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, an atheist, and a skeptic.
Joseph Smith biography.
Vogel was awarded the "Best Book" award in September 2004 by the John Whitmer Historical Association and the "Turner-Bergera Best Biography" award by the Mormon History Association in May 2005 for his biography "".
In this Smith biography, Vogel argues that Joseph Smith was a pious fraud--that he essentially invented his religious claims for what he believed were noble, faith-promoting purposes. Vogel identifies the roots of the pious fraud in the conflict between members of the Smith family, who were divided between the skepticism and universalism of Joseph Smith, Sr. and the more mainstream Protestant faith of Lucy Mack Smith. Vogel interweaves the history of Joseph Smith, Jr. with interpretation of the Book of Mormon, which is read as springing from the young man's psychology and experiences.
Reception.
Vogel's scholarship on the topic has come under fire by Mormon apologists who allege he is biased and critical of Mormon faith claims. He is sometimes also criticised by ex-Mormons and anti-Mormons for not being sufficiently critical of Joseph Smith. Larry Morris praised his efforts to produce the award-winning multi-volume "Early Mormon Documents".
Vogel has also edited volumes skeptical of the possibility of receiving the future through the word of God. 
Many of Dan Vogel's books have been critically reviewed by members of FARMS. For example, in 1991, Mormon religion professor and FARMS apologist Stephen E. Robinson suggested that Vogel's arguments closely resemble those of Korihor, an atheist polemicist from the "Book of Mormon".

</doc>
<doc id="9622384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622384" title="161st Air Refueling Wing">
161st Air Refueling Wing

The 161st Air Refueling Wing (161 ARW) is a unit of the Arizona Air National Guard, stationed at Sky Harbor Air National Guard Base, Phoenix, Arizona. If activated to federal service, the Wing is gained by the United States Air Force Air Mobility Command.
Mission.
The 161st Air Refueling Wing principal mission is air refueling. The wing enhances the Air Force's capability to accomplish its primary missions of Global Reach and Global Power. It also provides aerial refueling support to Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps aircraft as well as aircraft of allied nations. The wing is also capable of transporting litter and ambulatory patients using patient support pallets during aeromedical evacuations.
Units.
The 161st Air Refueling Wing consists of the following units:
History.
On 2 October 1957, the Arizona Air National Guard 197th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 161st Fighter-Interceptor Group was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 197th FIS becoming the group's flying squadron. Other squadrons assigned into the group were the 161st Headquarters, 161st Material Squadron (Maintenance), 161st Combat Support Squadron, and the 161st USAF Dispensary. The new Group was assigned to the 34th Air Division, Air Defense Command,
In 1958 the Group received from ADC the all-weather/day-night F-86L Sabre Interceptor aircraft, and in 1960, the 197th was one of three selected ANG units to receive F-104A Starfighter interceptors from the ADC active-duty interceptor forces. The Copperheads, as a result of the national recognition as one of the best air defense units in the nation, were chosen to fly the new high performance jet fighter.
The 161st FIG was called into active service in November 1961 as the construction of the infamous "Berlin Wall" pushed the world to the brink of war. Within a month after mobilization, 750 personnel and 22 187th FIS F-104 aircraft were in place at Ramstein Air Base, West Germany as the unit took up flying daily air defense patrols at the edge of the Iron Curtain. With world tension easing, the squadron returned home in August 1962.
Transport mission.
With the return to Arizona, the unit was reassigned from ADC to the Military Air Transport Service (MATS) in October 1962. The Mach-2 Starfighters were exchanged for large, 4-engined C-97G Stratofreighters with a mission of worldwide transport of personnel, supplies and equipment. The 197th Air Transport Squadron (later Military Airlift Squadron) flew missions to the Caribbean, Europe, Japan, South Vietnam, Thailand and Australia. During the height of the Vietnam War, the squadron routinely flew trans-Pacific medical evacuation missions from hospitals in South Vietnam, Japan, and the Philippines of wounded servicemen and women to the United States, being designated as an Aeromedical Transport Squadron. In 1969 the Military Airlift Squadron designation was returned and the unit again flew scheduled transport missions for Military Airlift Command (MAC).
Air Refueling.
In 1972, military requirements resulted in a change in mission when the group was reassigned from MAC transport duties to the Strategic Air Command (SAC). Under SAC the group became an Air Refueling unit, being with the air refueling version of the C-97 transport, the KC-97 Stratotanker. Familiarity with the aircraft led to a smooth transition from MAC to the new refueling mission. In 1977, SAC announced that Air National Guard refueling units would begin to upgrade to the military version of the Boeing 707 airliner named the KC-135 Stratotanker. The 197th Air Refueling Squadron has been flying the KC-195 for the past 35 years.
During the 1991 Gulf War, Air National Guard tanker units were quickly called into action. An around-the-clock airlift began to support the buildup to the conflict, Operation Desert Shield. Tankers and crews from the 161st were some of the first to arrive in Saudi Arabia. Elements of the 197th ARS were assigned to the 1709th Air Refueling Wing (Provisional), flying from King Abdul Aziz Air Base, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
From the start and for the duration, tankers servicing the conflict left Phoenix weekly, loaded with maintenance and support technicians who worked in the Saudi Arabian desert up to 45 days, and in some cases more. As the allies prepared to move against Iraq, aircraft crews, maintenance personnel, medics, fire fighters, security forces and food service technicians were dispatched to bases in Europe and the United States. Before the war in the Gulf was concluded more than two-thirds of the force assigned to the 161st Air Refueling Group had served on active duty in some capacity to support the Middle East effort.
In 1994, 1995 and 1997 the unit deployed to Pisa, Italy where our tankers supported NATO operations in Bosnia. 1997 also saw the 161st facing challenges in the United Arab Emirates. The unit was vital to the success of Operation Deny Flight and Operation Southern Watch. October 1, 1995 marked another key change in the unit's long history. The 161st Air Refueling Group was redesignated as the 161st Air Refueling Wing under the USAF Air Mobility Command (AMC). 1996 saw the Copperheads turn 50 years old. The unit celebrated with year round contests and a 50th Anniversary Celebration in December.
The 161st sent about 130 personnel to Operation Northern Watch early in 1999. Based at Incirlik Air Base, Turkey, the unit supported flight operations within the northern no-fly zone over Iraq. Early in the second quarter of 1999, 161st Copperheads were quickly pressed into service over Kosovo for Operation Allied Force. Nearly 200 unit airmen served on active duty for about two months, flying 125 missions to offload almost 2.5 million gallons of fuel. The airmen returned to Phoenix in late June 1999.
Although not directly called as a unit the "Copperheads" played a vital role in support units during Operation Enduring Freedom in 2003. Many Security Forces saw duty overseas directly supporting bases while maintenance and operations personnel were called to support the ongoing operations.
In its 2005 BRAC Recommendations, DoD (the Department of Defense) recommended the distribution of the 117th Air Refueling Wing’s KC-135R aircraft from Birmingham International Airport Air Guard Station (AGS), Alabama and the 161st Air Refueling Wing, Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport AGS (two aircraft) and two other bases. Phoenix Sky Harbor (37) scored higher than Birmingham (63) in military value for the tanker mission. This recommendation would take advantage of available capacity at Phoenix by increasing the air refueling squadron size from eight to ten aircraft, increasing the wing's overall capability. It would also capitalize on the favorable recruiting environment of the greater Phoenix region that could sustain this increased squadron size.

</doc>
<doc id="9622422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622422" title="Caput Draconis">
Caput Draconis

The phrase caput draconis means "dragon's head" or "head of the dragon" in Latin.
Caput Draconis can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9622424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622424" title="Nicholas Sheran Park">
Nicholas Sheran Park

Nicholas Sheran Park is an urban park in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, and is named after one of the city's founders, Nicholas Sheran. The largest park in West Lethbridge, it was conceptualised as a regional park in 1969, and constructed in 1974.
Amenities.
The 43 hectare (106 acre) park includes a man-made lake and has 5.8 km (3.6 mi.) of walking trails, which connect with the Coal Banks Trail. The lake is stocked with trout every year and is a popular fishing spot. Non-motorised boating is allowed in the summer, and ice skating is allowed in the winter, weather permitting.
Another main attraction is the 18-hole disc golf course. Originally built for the 2001 Alberta Seniors Games, the course is available to the public at no charge, on a first come/first serve, walk-on basis.
The park also includes a large playground area, a picnic facility, baseball diamonds, a soccer field and basketball hoops. In addition, the Nicholas Sheran Leisure Centre Pool, the Nicholas Sheran Ice Centre, and the Gyro Spray Ground water park are across the street from the park.

</doc>
<doc id="9622435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622435" title="American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society">
American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society

The American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society split off from the American Anti-Slavery Society in 1840 over a number of issues, including the increasing influence of anarchism (and an unwillingness to participate in the government’s political process), hostility to established religion, and feminism in the latter. Prominent members included the brothers Arthur and Lewis Tappan, Samuel Cornish, and Theodore S. Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="9622440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622440" title="Xieng Khouang Airport">
Xieng Khouang Airport

Xieng Khouang Airport is an airport in Phonsavan, Laos .
Its name is derived from the Xiangkhoang Plateau, which gives name to the Xiangkhouang Province on which it is located.
Airlines and destinations.
Lao Airlines offers 5 times/week in peak season and 4 times/week to Vientiane in low season. 

</doc>
<doc id="9622442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622442" title="29th Utah Senate District">
29th Utah Senate District

The 29th Utah Senate District is located in Washington County and includes Utah House Districts 71, 74, and 75. The current State Senator representing the 29th district is Stephen H. Urquhart. Urquhart was elected to the Utah Senate in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9622450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622450" title="George Brown Darwin Botanic Gardens">
George Brown Darwin Botanic Gardens

The George Brown Darwin Botanic Gardens are botanical gardens located 2 km North of the CBD of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia. The gardens cover 42 hectares and are noted for their collections of north Australian and other tropical species.
History.
The gardens were established on their present site in 1886; this was the third attempt by European settlers of Darwin to establish a site where plants of economic importance could be tested for their suitability in the tropics. Initially the collection of the gardens was focussed on economic gardening and the ornamental plantings. The gardens were severely damaged during Cyclone Tracy in 1974, 89% of all plants were lost. Restoration after the cyclone was led by George Brown, who had worked at the gardens since 1969 and served as curator from 1971 to 1990, and became Lord Mayor of Darwin in 1992 until 2002. The gardens were renamed in 2002 to recognised George Brown's contribution and 32 years service to the development of the gardens.
In 2000 Darwin's historic former Wesleyan Methodist church was moved from Knuckey Street and reconstructed at the Gardens. It is the oldest surviving building in Darwin.
Collection.
The gardens contain a major collection of Northern Australian monsoon flora; these include communities like mangroves, monsoon vine thicket, Tiwi Islands wet forest and those found on the Arnhem Land escarpment. The gardens also has a large collection of native and introduced tropical plants including cycads, palms, "Adansonia", gingers and heliconias.

</doc>
<doc id="9622468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622468" title="Agneepath (1990 film)">
Agneepath (1990 film)

Agneepath (;English:"The Path of Fire") is a 1990 Hindi crime drama film directed by Mukul Anand. It stars Amitabh Bachchan as the main protagonist Vijay Deenanath Chauhan along with Mithun Chakraborty, Madhavi, Neelam Kothari, Rohini Hattangadi and Danny Denzongpa as the antagonist Kancha Cheena. The film was produced by Yash Johar.
The title was taken from a poem of the same name called 'Agneepath' which was penned by Harivansh Rai Bachchan, Amitabh's father, and which is recited at the beginning of the movie and creates a thematic link that continues through the movie, particularly in the climax, both literally and metaphorically.
Although a flop at the box office, Agneepath has grown a strong cult film over the years. Bachchan and Chakraborty received the National Film Award for Best Actor and Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award respectively for their performances. The film was remade in 2012 with the same title, by Johar's son Karan Johar, as a tribute to his father.
Plot.
The film begins with a morally upright and honest Gandhian Schoolmaster, Deenanath Chauhan (Alok Nath), teaching his son, Vijay Deenanath Chauhan about a poem, 'Agneepath', which describes 'The Path of Fire' which a man must cross in his life. This theme becomes an integral part of the story. Master Deenanath is a well-loved person, who wishes to bring education to the Village, Mandwa. However, his wish is not shared by a corrupt jamindar, Dinkar Rao (Goga Kapoor).
One day, as Vijay and his friends play about near Rao's house, a man named Kancha Cheena (Danny Denzongpa) arrives at the house, and Rao hands over some papers to him, which, Rao tells him, are the Title Deeds of all the Villagers' homes. Kancha's plans are revealed then: he wishes to make Mandwa a centre for his drugs trade, as he wishes to rule a place where the laws are lax and is not on the map of India. Dinkar Rao mentions that the schoolmaster is a huge hindrance to their plans, whereupon Cheena tells Rao that he must kill the schoolmaster, or Rao will suffer the consequences. With the aid of the owner of a brothel, Chandabai, Dinkar Rao lures the schoolmaster into the brothel. The villagers assume that the schoolmaster is an immoral hypocrite who solicits prostitution, and they beat him to death. The schoolmaster dies while cradling his son and reciting the poem, "Agneepath".
Vijay's Mother is devastated, and the image of the schoolmaster is so tarnished that 12-year old Vijay had to carry his corpse to the cemetery on a cart. The family leaves for Mumbai to begin life anew. There, Vijay does odd jobs to earn for his family. It is also there that he learns about the harsher truths of life. He burns down a Petrol Pump because the owner of the Pump tried to rape his Mother. Vijay is caught in the act by Inspector Gaitonde, who tries to redeem the boy. He is then hired by four of Kancha's enemies.
Then we see an older Vijay, 36 years old, now a gangster with a drawling, raspy voice and stylish gait, who works for four of Kancha Cheena's enemies, namely Terelin, Shetty, Usman Bhai and another. Vijay slowly eliminates his bosses and works his way up the echelons of crime, becoming a feared and reputed gangster in Mumbai. Then Vijay tries to cut a deal with Kancha, and gradually brings about his Empire's downfall. However, in an action-packed climax sequence, Kancha holds Vijay's wife, Mary, his sister and his mother hostage, and challenges him to a showdown, daring him to cross a rubble-laden, path of fire. In spite of being shot twice, Vijay kills Kancha. In an emotional sequence, Vijay drags his mother to the remains of their old house in the village, now a smoldering pile of brick, reciting "Agneepath". Vijay passes away, with his head on his Mother's lap, culminating in an emotional end, in which Vijay's mother remarks to the end, "My son is not a gangster. He is not a gangster."
Production.
A characteristic feature of the movie was the dark undertones and the grim atmosphere of the film, which was unusual for any of Amitabh Bachchan's films. It was noted that the film was "grim" due to the protagonist, Vijay Chauhan's bloodlust and ferocity. The film utilised a lot of dark distortions in the imagery, which were a common theme in some Gangster Films. Mithun Chakraborty's unique role of Krishnan Iyer was inspired by one of his room mates of his struggling days, before he become a popular film star. In his struggling days Chakraborty used to be room sharing with Devio who used to pay 150 Rupees while Chakraborty Used to pay 75 Rupees. Devio had the a bed while Chakraborty used to sleep on the floor, one specific time Chakraborty used his bed whilst he was at work and when Devio came back he scolded Chakraborty. This incident remained with Chakraborty and he put Devio's character on screen. Tinnu Anand, who played the role of the Village Drunkard, shaved his head to obtain the age difference between him and Amitabh Bachchan. The film was shot extensively in Mumbai in several locations such as Andheri, Goregaon, and Colaba. The locations and the photography drew positive feedback from critics.
Reception.
When released, Agneepath was failure, both at the box office as well as among the critics. "Over the top, inane songs", dialogues "veering towards melodrama" and, more importantly, Amitabh Bachchan's experimentation with his voice did not go well with the masses and the critics alike. Film Trade Analyst Komal Nahta wrote thus about Bachchan's voice, : "But the biggest undoing of the film is Amitabh Bachchan’s voice. He has spoken the dialogue in a different voice (inspired by Marlon Brando in The Godfather) which will not be accepted by the audience. Further the mixing not being clear, his dialogues are incomprehensible at places."
He further wrote that the film lacked a gripping drama, well-set script, and that even the Murder scenes lacked excitement. Satish Naidu in his review noted that the narrative had a slow pace in the last hour. Another fact that worked against the advantage of the film was its weak story. Rediff's review of Agneepath suggested that perhaps, the grim, violent, aggressive and dark portrayal of the underbelly of Mumbai's underworld had worked against the film.
However, the National Award for the best actor being bestowed on Amitabh Bachchan changed the perspective in which the film was appreciated. Over the years, favourable reviews trickling in made Agneepath a cult classic. Currently, Agneepath has been rated 7.5 by on a scale of 10 in the Internet Movie Database by 1,723 users. In review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 90% of 641 user ratings favour the movie. Sanjay Dutt, the actor who plays Kancha Cheena's role in the remake praised the film saying that it was well ahead of its time when asked about the original film-
Satish Naidu commented in his blog that Agneepath's direction, camera work and cinematography "had some serious physicality going for the filmHe further drove home his opinion, describing the betrayal of a certain "undeveloped terrain below" by the jagged, staccato-like movements of the camera work. Further, Mr.Naidu praised the way in which Mukul Anand portrayed Amitabh Bachchan in the film. An interesting aspect of the film was its cinematography, handled by Pravin Bhatt, which has been described as "marvelous" due to the "beautiful scenes shot in Mauritius. It is worth noting that the ship bombing scene was executed well, and that the portrayal of the picturesque scenery of trees and fields in full bloom(in the songs, especially) met with rave reviews. Movie Reviewer Peter Nepstad in his blog, the "Illuminated Lantern" wrote that:
The movie's review in Rediff.com, mentioned that,
It was claimed to be seen by 35 million audience in theatre with over Rs 70 million collections. According to trade website Box Office India, the gross collection of the movie was Rs 10,25,00,000, way below the film's budget of Rs 28,56,00,000. Thus, despite being the fourth top grosser of the year 1990, the movie was a disaster at the box office.
Soundtrack.
Rather unusually, for a Bollywood film of the time, a West African track was used in the film. Guinean singer Mory Kanté's hit Yé ké yé ké appears in the film, but is not on the soundtrack.
Remake.
In an interview with The Times of India, Karan Johar explained that he had the intention of remaking the original Agneepath ever since the film released 22 years ago, because according to him, the failure of the film broke his father's heart. The idea of the remake materialised on the sets of Johar's film My Name Is Khan in which Karan Malhotra was an associate director. Johar told Malhotra his desire to remake the original film and asked him to revisit it again for which he agreed immediately.
Hrithik Roshan played the lead role of Vijay Deenanath Chauhan and Sanjay Dutt plays the role of the main antagonist Kancha Cheena. Priyanka Chopra was the female lead. The character of Krishnan Iyer played by Mithun Chakraborty in the original was removed and Rishi Kapoor played a newly introduced negative character, Rauf Lala. Other members of the cast include Om Puri and Zarina Wahab among others.
Shooting of the film mostly took place in Diu and Mumbai's film city. Originally slated for release on 20 January, Agneepath was postponed by a week to 26 January 2012. Unlike the original, the remake opened to positive responses from critics and the audience. Agneepath collected Rs 217.5 million (US$4.34 million) on the opening day. According to review aggregator Review Gang, professional critics have given the film a rating of 6.5 stars out of 10. The film did fantastic business at the box office and entered in 100 crore club.
The film was also modified and remade in Tamil as Sivasakthi, starring Sathyaraj and Prabhu Ganesan directed by Suresh Krissna.
External links.
Agneepath Movie Review

</doc>
<doc id="9622512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622512" title="Cunningham v. California">
Cunningham v. California

Cunningham v. California, 549 U.S. 270 (2007), held that the rule first announced in "Apprendi v. New Jersey", , applies to California's Determinate Sentencing Law. In California, a judge may choose one of three sentences for a crime—a low, middle, or high term. There must exist specific aggravating factors about the crime before a judge may impose the high term. Under the "Apprendi" rule, as explained in "Blakely v. Washington", , any fact that increases the punishment above that which the judge may impose without that fact must be found by a jury beyond a reasonable doubt. In "People v. Black", the California Supreme Court rejected the argument that under "Blakely", the jury must find the additional facts necessary for the judge to impose the high term under the DSL. In "Cunningham", the U.S. Supreme Court overruled "Black", ruling that "Blakely" applies to California's determinate sentencing scheme.
Facts.
After a jury trial, Cunningham was convicted of continuous sexual abuse of a child in Contra Costa County Superior Court, California. Under California's Determinate Sentencing Law (DSL), the authorized sentences for this crime are either 6, 12, or 16 years. Under the DSL, the judge must conclude first, that there are aggravating facts, and second, that the aggravating facts outweigh any mitigating factors, before imposing the high term. In this case, at a post-trial hearing, the judge found by a preponderance of the evidence that Cunningham's victim was particularly vulnerable and that his conduct was violent, making him a danger to the community. The judge then concluded that this aggravating evidence outweighed the fact that Cunningham had no criminal history, and sentenced Cunningham to the high term of 16 years. The California Court of Appeal affirmed. The California Supreme Court denied review because it had recently held, in "People v. Black", that the DSL was constitutional under "Blakely v. Washington". Cunningham asked the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case, and it agreed to do so.
California's Determinate Sentencing Law.
The primary development in sentencing law that gave rise to this case was the shift away from indeterminate sentencing and toward determinate sentencing. Under an indeterminate sentencing scheme, statutory law provides for a wide range of authorized sentences, such as "five years to life" for burglary. The power to determine the length of time a criminal actually spends in prison rests with a parole board or other prison officials, rather than with the courts. In the 1970s, California replaced its indeterminate sentencing system with a determinate sentencing scheme. In a determinate sentencing scheme, statutory law fixes authorized sentences of discrete lengths, and requires courts rather than prison officials to justify which of those discrete sentences is appropriate in any given case.
California enacted its Determinate Sentencing Law (DSL) in 1977, in the hopes of achieving greater uniformity in sentencing and ensuring that punishment was proportional to crimes. For most crimes, the DSL specifies three authorized sentences—a low term, a middle term, and a high term. The trial judge was required to impose the middle term unless there were aggravating or mitigating circumstances—facts found by the trial judge to exist by a preponderance of the evidence and which must be placed on the record in open court. A group of California judges had come up with a nonexhaustive list of aggravating and mitigating factors; judges were also free to rely on any fact reasonably related to the crime. The DSL also forbade judges to rely on any fact that was already an element of the crime in order to impose the high term.
Majority opinion.
In "Apprendi v. New Jersey", the Court ruled that any fact that increases a defendant's punishment above the statutory maximum punishment must be submitted to a jury and proved beyond a reasonable doubt. In "Blakely v. Washington", the Court ruled that, for purposes of the "Apprendi" rule, the "statutory maximum" is the greatest sentence the judge may impose based solely on the facts found by the jury. "Blakely" and "United States v. Booker", for example, involved sentencing schemes in which the judge was required to impose a sentence within a range determined both by the crime of conviction and additional facts. In those schemes, if the judge chose a sentence above that range, or chose one from a higher range, the facts that allowed the judge to do so had to be submitted to a jury and proved beyond a reasonable doubt.
Under California's DSL, the middle term is the "statutory maximum" sentence for "Blakely" purposes. The DSL required judges to impose the middle term unless aggravating factors were found to exist, and those aggravating factors by definition did not include any element of the crime. Thus, the maximum sentence the judge could impose based solely on the jury's findings was the middle term, not the high term. 
Nevertheless, in "People v. Black", the California Supreme Court held that the DSL survived "Blakely" intact because the DSL merely set forth a sentencing range within which the judge was allowed to exercise his traditional discretion to impose an appropriate sentence. The "Black" court concluded that the DSL was merely a legislative attempt to provide guidance to trial courts in selecting appropriate aggravating factors on which to base a high-term sentence. But this does not justify "shield a sentencing system from the force of" "Blakely". The "Black" court also reasoned that the DSL did not violate "Blakely" because, overall, it reduced sentences vis-à-vis the indeterminate sentencing scheme. Furthermore, the "Black" court noted that under California law, sentencing enhancement, which are distinct from aggravating factors, did have to be proved beyond a reasonable doubt. These two differences, it reasoned, meant that the DSL survived "Blakely". But "Apprendi" set forth a bright-line rule that did not tolerate "trivial" incursions in the name of preserving the "basic" jury-trial right of the criminal defendant.
Nor could the DSL survive because it was functionally indistinguishable from the post-"Booker" sentencing scheme in place for federal crimes. Just as federal judges have discretion to impose a "reasonable" sentence by referring to a set of broad criteria, the "Black" court reasoned, California trial judges have broad discretion to impose a sentence within a predetermined range. But this characterization of the DSL was not accurate, for California had adopted "sentencing triads, three fixed sentences with no ranges between them. Cunningham's sentencing judge had no discretion to select a sentence within the range of 6 to 16 years. Her instruction was to select 12 years, nothing less and nothing more, unless she found facts allowing the imposition of a sentence of 6 or 16 years. Factfinding to elevate a sentence from 12 to 16 years, our decisions make plain, falls within the province of the jury employing a beyond-a-reasonable-doubt standard, not the bailiwick of a judge determining where the preponderance of the evidence lies." The "reasonableness" standard operates within the Sixth Amendment constraint, not as a substitute for it. 
It was up to California to tailor its sentencing scheme to conform with the Court's decision, just as other states had conformed their sentencing schemes to conform with "Apprendi" and "Blakely". Some states allow the jury to make the necessary findings during trial; others do so in a post-trial sentencing hearing; still others "have chosen to permit judges genuinely to exercise broad discretion within a statutory range, which, everyone agrees, encounters no Sixth Amendment shoal."
Dissenting opinion.
Justice Alito saw no difference between the DSL and the post-"Booker" sentencing scheme in place for the federal courts. "Both sentencing schemes grant trial judges considerable discretion in sentencing; both subject the exercise of that discretion to appellate review for "reasonableness;" and both—the California law explicitly, and the federal scheme implicitly—require a sentencing judge to find some factor to justify a sentence above the minimum that could be imposed based solely on the jury's verdict." If the post-"Booker" scheme had won the approval of a majority of the Court, why should the DSL not also garner such a majority?
Alito pointed out that all members of the Court agreed that the indeterminate sentencing scheme in place for federal crimes would satisfy the "Blakely" rule, and that a purely advisory Guidelines system would do so as well. The characteristic that persuaded a majority of the Court to approve the current federal sentencing scheme, consisting of sentencing guidelines ranges from which trial judges were permitted to depart, was the fact that all sentences were subject to appellate review for "reasonableness." All of these systems require trial judges to make factual findings on "some" level of generality. Under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, these findings were somewhat specific; under the indeterminate sentencing scheme, they were not. Yet in both schemes the judge makes findings that allow them to impose an appropriate sentence. 
Similarly, the DSL afforded California trial judges sentencing discretion with respect to the "general objectives of sentencing," which included protecting society, punishment, encouraging the defendant to lead a law-abiding life, deterring the defendant from committing other crimes and deterring others from committing crimes at all, incapacitating the defendant during his incarceration, providing restitution to victims, and promoting uniformity in overall sentences. The sentencing decisions of California trial judges, just as those of federal trial judges, were subject to review for "reasonableness." 
In light of these similarities, Alito concluded that the majority's reasoning was flawed. A California trial judge's decision to impose a high-term sentence was not necessarily a fact-based decision; it could be entirely policy-based, and policy-based decisions have always been left to judges. Because the decision to impose a high-term sentence was not based on "facts", the "Apprendi" rule did not apply to it. Even if they were, Alito felt that "reasonableness" review was a sufficient constraint on the power of trial judges to choose sentences within prescribed ranges. Some sentences, after all, will be found to be unreasonable, and hence unconstitutional, because they will not be sufficiently supported by appropriate facts. If the remedial majority in "Booker" approved this scheme for the federal system, it should also pass constitutional muster when used in California.
Effect of the decision.
Seventh Circuit Chief Judge Frank H. Easterbrook noted in an opinion that an argument that since "Cunningham"'s decision, "district judges no longer may find facts that affect federal
sentences ... has become popular." The Seventh Circuit rejected that argument:
"United States v. Roti" (7th Cir. 2007), Slip op. at 5-6.

</doc>
<doc id="9622517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622517" title="Goesaert v. Cleary">
Goesaert v. Cleary

Goesaert v. Cleary, 335 U.S. 464 (1948), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court upheld a Michigan law which prohibited women from being licensed as a bartender in all cities having a population of 50,000 or more, unless their father or husband owned the establishment. Valentine Goesaert, the plaintiff in this case, challenged the law on the ground that it infringed on the Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection Clause. Speaking for the majority, Justice Felix Frankfurter affirmed the judgment of the Detroit, Michigan district court and upheld the constitutionality of the state law. The state argued that since the profession of bartending could potentially lead to moral and social problems for women, it was within the state's power to bar them from working as bartenders. Only when the owner of the bar was a sufficiently close relative to the women bartender could it be guaranteed that such immorality would not be present. "Craig v. Boren", 429 U.S. 190 (1976) subsequently overruled "Goesaert".
Background.
As part of the Michigan system for controlling the sale of liquor, bartenders were required in all cities having a population of 50,000, or more, but no female may be so licensed unless she be 'the wife or daughter of the male owner' of a licensed liquor establishment. Section 19a of Act 133 of the Public Acts of Michigan 1945, Mich.Stat.Ann. 18,990(1).
Valentine Goesaert was the owner of a bar in the city of Dearborn, Michigan. According to Michigan law, she was not allowed to be the owner of a bar since the population in Dearborn exceeded 500,000. On November 20, 1947 Valentine Goesaert and her daughter challenged the Michigan law at the district court of Detroit Michigan before Circuit Judge Simons and District Judges Levin and Picard. The women were represented by attorney Anne R. Davidow. The argued that the law denied them equal protection of the laws and deprived them of their property without due process of law. The main arguments brought forth by Goesaert were as follows:
1. It sets up an arbitrary standard of 50,000 as the population of any city to come under the act.
2. It discriminates against women owners of bars.
3. It discriminates against women bartenders.
4. It discriminates between daughters of male and female owners.
5. It discriminates between waitresses and female bartenders.
Judges Levin and Simons ruled in favor of Cleary et al., denying all of the plaintiffs' claims saying that "the power of the Legislature to make special provisions for the protection of women is not denied". On the other hand, Picard dissented, siting two reasons for his disagreement. First, he thought that the law violated Sec. 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment because it discriminated between persons similarly situated, denied plaintiffs equal protection of the laws, and was"palpably arbitrary, capricious and unreasonable, and not based on facts that can reasonably be conceived." The second reason for dissenting was that the plaintiffs should be permitted to present evidence before the court act on the interlocutory injunction.
Supreme Court Ruling.
After losing in the District Court, Goesaert appealed to the Supreme Court. The women were once again represented by Anne R. Davidow. Mr. Edmund E. Shepherd represented the appellees, Cleary et al. 
In this case, Goesaert et al/ once again presented their arguments against the law, focusing on the claim that Michigan could not forbid females generally from being barmaids and at the same time make an exception in favor of the wives and daughters of the owners of liquor establishments.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter delivered the opinion of the court which upheld the Michigan law. He first sites the historical tradition of the regulation of liquor traffic which forbid all women from working behind a bar. Although he points out that women have began to "achieve the virtues that men have long claimed as their prerogatives", the Constitution "does not require legislatures to reflect sociological insight, or shifting social standards." He furthered went on to explain that the Constitution does not require situations which are different in fact or opinion to be treated in law as though they were the same, citing "Tigner v. State of Texas". Since the ownership of a bar by a barmaid's husband or father minimizes hazards of social and moral problems that would otherwise be present for women, the legislature need not go to the full length of prohibition with the appearance of two distinct groups of women. So in the name of protecting women from moral and social dangers in the bar, the law was upheld by the majority opinion.
Justices Rutledge, Douglas, and Murphy offered a dissenting opinion. They argued that the law arbitrarily discriminated between male and female owners of liquor establishments. Justice Rutledge presented the opinion saying, "This inevitable result of the classification belies the assumption that the statute was motivated by a legislative solicitude for the moral and physical well-being of women who, but for the law, would be employed as barmaids. Since there could be no other conceivable justification for such discrimination against women owners of liquor establishments, the statute should be held invalid as a denial of equal protection."
Impact.
Although Goesaert v. Cleary upheld a Michigan state law that was discriminatory towards women, the case made a precedent for the Supreme court to look more closely at legislature providing dissimilar treatment based on gender. In his argument, Frankfurter relied on the rational basis test for equal protection legislation. With this test, the court asked "whether it is reasonable for state purposes to treat two classes of people differently." The key here is that as long as the court declared that the state had a justifiable reason to enact a law, the law would be held. By applying the rational basis test to the question of equality in gender-based legislation, Frankfurter opened the door to further state legislation that distinguished between the genders. After Goesaert v. Cleary, there were many cases that used this exact criteria to uphold laws that made distinctions between gender.
But by the 1970s, things began to shift. The Supreme Court found an Idaho law to be unconstitutional based on its discrimination against women in "Reed v. Reed" . In "Reed" the court struck down as law which gave men an automatic appointments as administrators of estates. This was a dramatic change in the Court's approach to the application of equality for men and women in the law.

</doc>
<doc id="9622531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622531" title="Komine Castle">
Komine Castle

In English, its literal meaning could be translated as "Small Peak Castle". Along with the Morioka Castle and the Aizuwakamatsu Castle, it may be considered as one of the three most important castles of the Tōhoku region of Japan. 
It is currently situated inside the Shiroyama Park, where public displays of flowers happen during the year. The park and the castle are located close to the Shirakawa Station (of the Tōhoku Main Line), approximately a 7-minute walk.
History.
The construction of the Komine Castle was started in 1340 by Yūki Chikatomo, in a small hill then called . In 1627, it was under the control of Niwa Nagashige, who transferred 100,000 blocks of stone from the neighbouring Tanagura Castle (in Tanagura, Fukushima) in the year of 1628. This was done to aid in the expansion of the Komine Castle, then renamed "Shirakawa Castle". Said renovation was finished four years later, in 1632. During most of the Edo period, the castle was ruled by the Matsudaira clan.
The Komine Castle became the stage of a battle during the Boshin War in 1868, where the allied forces loyal to the Emperor Meiji sieged the castle and defeated the local forces united under Matsudaira Katamori of Aizu, in the Battle of Aizu. This caused a fire to spread and destroy most of the Komine Castle, leaving it in ruins.
After this incident, the only remains of the castle were the moat and part of the stone walls. However, between 1991 and 1994, a great reconstruction plan was undertaken and most of the wooden structure of the castle was rebuilt, including the donjon and the main gate.

</doc>
<doc id="9622562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622562" title="Darbhanga, Allahabad">
Darbhanga, Allahabad

Darbhanga Colony (formerly known as Lowther Estate) is a neighborhood of Allahabad, India. It was formerly owned by the Royal family of Darbhanga. It still houses the Lowther Castle in the colony. Darbhanga Colony played important a role in Independence movement of India as the Fourth and Eighth annual convention of Indian National Congress was held in here.
Location.
With its central location in the city it as bordered by Georgetown. Other locations in Allahabad are at optimum distance from it such as the Civil Lines, Colonelgunj, Rambagh, etc.
Culture.
Durga Puja celebrations organized by the Darbhanga Colony Puja Committee is one of the best organized events in Allahabad attracting lakhs of devotees. It is acknowledged as the largest agglomeration of people second only to the Kumbh Mela. 
Lowther Castle.
Lowther Castle (also known as Darbhanga Castle) was the residential building of the then Maharaja of Darbhanga, Maharaja Lakshmeshwar Singh. He purchased a large property known as Lowther Castle and allowed Indian National Congress to hold its convention there. This property was renamed as Darbhanga Castle. Again, in the year 1892, the annual convention of Indian National Congress was held in Darbhanga Castle. The annual convention of Congress of 1892 was held on December 28, 1892 at the extensive grounds of Darbhanga Castle, now known as Darbhanga Colony. It was later donated to Government of India after independence and Darbhanga House was constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="9622571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622571" title="Thiruvalluvar College of Engineering and Technology">
Thiruvalluvar College of Engineering and Technology

Thiruvalluvar College of Engineering and Technology or popularly known as TCET, located in Vandavasi, Tamil Nadu, India is a private educational institution in India.
S. Arunachalam founded the institution in 1998 and is currently its chairman. TCET is currently affiliated to the Anna University, previously affiliated to the University of Madras.

</doc>
<doc id="9622584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622584" title="Blonde and Blonder">
Blonde and Blonder

Blonde and Blonder is a 2008 Canadian comedy film starring Pamela Anderson, Denise Richards and Emmanuelle Vaugier. The film was directed by Dean Hamilton, and was released on January 18, 2008.
The film's name is a reference to "Dumb and Dumber".
Plot.
Two dumb blondes, Dee Twiddle (Pamela Anderson) and Dawn St. Dom (Denise Richards), meet each other at their first lesson in flight school. Dee is a big-breasted professional dancer with a pet turtle, Virgil, who has a gas problem. Dawn is a former secretary who has tried to be a dancer. After meeting with each other in flight school, they take off in their plane without the instructor. When they notice that it's their first lesson, the blondes panic and crash into a golf course. The blondes survive the crash with no injuries. The blondes eventually become friends and they notice that they have been neighbors for nearly a year.
Dee decides to help Dawn get a dancing gig at the Beaver Patch Lounge. Meanwhile, the Vancouver Italian Mafia decides to whack Lou Rimoli, a former mafia member and current informant, who is running the Beaver Patch Lounge. Rimoli is being protected by two agents. The Godfather of the mob sends two female assassins, Cat (Emmanuelle Vaugier) and Kit (Meghan Ory) to whack Rimoli. The assassins succeed. However, Rimoli is murdered right before Dee and Dawn's audition. The Mobsters, Leo (Kevin Farley) and Swan (John Farley) were supposed to monitor what was happening, after seeing Dee and Dawn run from the club, they mistake the blondes for being the infamous assassins Cat and Kit.
Believing that Dee and Dawn are assassins, Leo and Swan offer them $250,000 to "take out" Hang Wong (Byron Mann), the head of the Triads in Niagara Falls, Ontario. Dee and Dawn agree, but they think that they have to take Wong on a date. Federal agents discover the plan to kill Wong and follow the blonde duo also thinking they are Cat and Kit. The Godfather sends Leo and Swan to follow the girls to make sure Wong gets whacked. Once the blonde duo arrive in Niagara Falls, they settle at a casino hotel and resort, which Mr. Wong owns. Cat and Kit also arrive there and find out that Dee and Dawn are pretending to be them and have been the hired assassins. They plan to get revenge because Dee and Dawn stole their reputation for whacking Rimoli and are pretending to be them to kill Wong.
While Dawn is winning money at the casino, Dee meets Mr. Wong during his meeting with Leo and Swan. Dee tells Wong that Leo and Swan hired her to show him a good time. Federal agents spot Dee with Wong in the casino, and chase them. Wong decides to kidnap Dee and takes her to his yacht. Meanwhile, they are chased by the federal agents, Dawn (Richards), Cat and Kit. The federal agents and police take everyone into custody.
Back at the casino, the police arrest Kit and Cat, and also Wong for kidnapping Dee. Dawn finally finds her dream guy and with the millions of dollars Dawn won at the casino, Dee and Dawn establish Dee and Dawn's Famous Turtle Sanctuary in the countryside where they only have one turtle but promise to have more soon.
Reaction.
Box office performance.
Worldwide: $779,273 
Critic response.
The movie was a huge flop, getting horrible reviews from both critics and viewers. It brought in a very low amount compared to its 8 million dollar budget.
Critics treated the DVD's additional behind-the-scenes featurette, "The Making of Blonde and Blonder", with a fair amount of respect: "This featurette ...is actually somewhat entertaining", "it at least appears that it was fun making this movie", "the film looks like it was a hoot to make", "the occasional interview goof makes it interesting."

</doc>
<doc id="9622608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622608" title="Brad Hazzard">
Brad Hazzard

Bradley "Brad" Ronald Hazzard MP (born 30 August 1951), an Australian politician, is the Attorney General of New South Wales and the New South Wales Minister for Justice since April 2014 in the Baird government. Hazzard is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Wakehurst for the Liberal Party since 1991. Hazzard previously served as the Minister for Planning and Infrastructure and the Minister Assisting the Premier on Infrastructure NSW in the O'Farrell government between 2011 and 2014. 
Background and early career.
Hazzard was educated at Manly Boys' High School (now Manly Selective Campus), Macquarie University where he gained a Bachelor of Arts (Science) and a Diploma of Education, the University of New South Wales where he graduated Bachelor of Laws, and the University of Sydney where he graduated Master of Laws. Hazzard was then employed as a science teacher (1974-1977) before being admitted as a Solicitor in 1977. He was a partner in a Manly law firm from 1981 to 1996.
Political career.
In 1983, Hazzard joined the Liberal Party and quickly rose through the ranks, becoming regional President and a member of the State Executive from 1985-1986. Hazzard was pre-selected as Liberal Party candidate for Wakehurst in April 1991, ahead of the sitting Liberal Party member John Booth. He was elected to NSW Legislative Assembly in 1991 and sat in the backbench during the Greiner and Fahey governments.
Hazzard played a role in the 'Metherell affair', involving the neighbouring Member for Davidson, Terry Metherell, who upon his resignation from the Liberal Party had expressed to Hazzard his interest in one of the Directorships at the new Environmental Protection Authority. Hazzard discussed this with Premier Greiner and the Minister for the Environment, Tim Moore, at Greiner's residence in February 1992. Greiner and Hazzard then discussed the matter with Metherell while in Parliament ten days later. The government subsequently created the job for Metherell, which he accepted, effectively engineering a vacancy in a seat that the Liberal Party would recover at a by-election. At the May 1992 by-election the Labor Party did not nominate a candidate, and a field of Independents and minor parties reduced the Liberal vote by 16%, and 14% after preferences, nevertheless won by Liberal candidate Andrew Humpherson.
NSW Opposition.
After the Labor party won the 1995 election, Hazzard was appointed to the Opposition frontbench and has held various shadow portfolios since. Under Opposition Leader Peter Collins, Hazzard was Shadow Minister for Corrective and Emergency Services (1995-1996), Environment (1996-1997), Aboriginal Affairs (1996-2007), and Sport and Recreation (1997-1999) Under Kerry Chikarovski he was Shadow Minister for Housing (1999-2000), Corrective Services (1999-2000), Disability Services and Ageing (2000-2003), and Community Services (2000-2003). Under John Brogden he was Shadow Minister for Energy and Utilities (2003-2005), Science and Medical Research (2003-2005), Youth (2005), and Community Services (2005).
Under Peter Debnam and Barry O'Farrell he was Shadow Minister for Education (2005-2007) and was made Shadow Minister for Redfern Waterloo (2007-2008). Between 2007 and 2011 Hazzard criticised the State Labor Government's move to take planning powers away from Local government and handing them to government-appointed planning panels and their attitudes towards development of heritage areas.
NSW Government.
In April 2011 Hazzard was appointed Minister for Planning and Infrastructure and Minister Assisting the Premier on Infrastructure NSW.
Due to the resignation of Barry O'Farrell as Premier, and the subsequent ministerial reshuffle by Mike Baird, the new Liberal Leader, in April 2014 Hazzard was sworn in as the Attorney General and as the Minister for Justice; and lost the portfolio of Planning and Infrastructure.
Personal life.
Hazzard is married with two adult sons.

</doc>
<doc id="9622613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622613" title="Computer Love (Kraftwerk song)">
Computer Love (Kraftwerk song)

"Computer Love" (German version title: "Computerliebe") is a song by the German electronic band Kraftwerk. It was released in 1981 on the studio album "Computer World" and as a single in the same year. The song, on a double A-sided single with "The Model", went to number one in the UK Singles Chart.
The melody of "Computer Love" was later used in Coldplay's song "Talk" (see below under "cover versions").
Cover versions.
This song is unrelated to Zapp and Roger's song "Computer Love".

</doc>
<doc id="9622676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622676" title="The March to Freedom">
The March to Freedom

"The March to Freedom" is the eighth episode of the first season of the television series "". Written by Adam Armus and Nora Kay Foster and directed by Harley Cokeliss, it first aired in the United States on March 6, 1995.
Overview.
After purchasing an Asian slave in order to free her, Hercules gets more than he bargained for when she asks for his help in freeing her fiance, who incidentally is set to be fed to the lions in a large public spectacle.

</doc>
<doc id="9622691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622691" title="Eden Roc Miami Beach Hotel">
Eden Roc Miami Beach Hotel

The Eden Roc Miami Beach is a resort hotel at 4525 Collins Avenue in Miami Beach, Florida. It was designed by Morris Lapidus, in the Miami Modern style, and was completed in 1955-56. Eden Roc Miami Beach has been a favorite of distinguished guests from politicians to Hollywood's top stars. Renovated in 2008, the hotel offers 631 guest rooms, including 96 suites. Eden Roc Miami Beach was built on the site of the Warner Estate following litigation over development rights to the site and to the neighboring Firestone Estate, which became the Fontainebleau Hotel.
Design.
Lapidus designed the Eden Roc for a site immediately to the north of his Fontainebleau Miami Beach hotel built in 1954. The hotel was designed for Harry Mufson, who had partnered with Ben Novack to build the Fontainebleau. The Eden Roc site had previously been the Warner Estate, owned by Albert Warner of the Warner Brothers. Mufson told Lapidus "I don't want any of the French stuff you used at the Fontainebleau. That's for kids." Novack, who had parted with Mufson on bad terms, retaliated by building a blank 17-story wing as a "spite wall" on the Fontainebleau property to shade the Eden Roc's pool, the sole window on the north side belonging to Novack's apartment. 
At the Eden Roc Lapidus avoided the sweeping curves of the Fontainebleau, choosing instead a more formal composition reminiscent of earlier Miami Beach hotels. The hotel is surmounted by a large finned enclosure bearing the hotel's signs. An addition on the south side of the Eden Roc property was built to cover the spite wall and new pools were built in unshaded locations.
The hotel was named after the Eden Roc pavilion at the Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes, France. The hotel housed the Cafe Pompei, a supper club that offered entertainment with dinner. The Mona Lisa Room was an intimate formal dining room., and Harry's American Bar (named for Harry Mufson) was the hotel's nightclub.
Recent History.
The hotel was restored in 1997 by architects Spillis Candela and Partners, and expanded in 2006. Marriott International began operating the hotel in 2005 under its Renaissance Hotels & Resorts brand, with a fifty year contract. However due to disagreements between Marriott and the owners, which resulted in numerous lawsuits, the hotel left Marriott on July 11, 2013.
Film and TV appearances.
The hotel was featured in several episodes of "I Love Lucy". When the Ricardos and the Mertzes traveled to Miami, they stayed in the Eden Roc Hotel. It is also featured throughout the finale of the film "Married to the Mob". Eden Roc was the hotel where professor Paul Armstrong's (Sean Connery) family stayed in the movie Just Cause.

</doc>
<doc id="9622722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622722" title="Ahuntsic railway station">
Ahuntsic railway station

Ahuntsic railway station is located on Durham Avenue, near the Sauvé metro station, in the Ahuntsic-Cartierville borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The station is actually a shelter with no staff and serves as an optional stop for two Via Rail routes running from Montreal. The future Mascouche commuter railway line will be served by the Sauvé Station nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="9622737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622737" title="Takri alphabet">
Takri alphabet

The Takri script (sometimes called "Tankri") is an abugida writing system of the Brahmic family of scripts. It is closely related to, and derived from, the Sharada script employed by Kashmiri. It is also related to the Gurmukhī script used to write Punjabi. Until the late 1940s, Takri was the official script for writing the Dogri language in the state of Jammu and Kashmir.There are some record of using Takri script in the history of Nepali(Khas Kura),Takri has historically been used by a number of Western Pahari, Garhwali and Dardic languages in the Western Himalayas, such as Gaddi or Gaddki (the language of the Gaddi ethnic group), Kashtwari (the dialect centered around the Kashtwar or Kishtwar region of Jammu and Kashmir) and Chamiyali (the language of the Chamba region of Himachal Pradesh). Takri used to be most prevalent script for business records and communication in various parts of Himachal Pradesh including Chintpurni, Una, Kangra, Bilaspur, and Hamirpur regions. The aged businessmen can still be found using Takri in these areas, but newer generation has now shifted to Devanagari and even English (Roman). This shift can be traced to have happened during the period ranging from 1950s to 1980s.
Revival Movements.
Since Takri fell into disuse, there have been sporadic attempts to revive the script in Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh states. Kashtwari and Kulluvi are two languages for which recent efforts have been made.
Unicode.
Takri script was added to the Unicode Standard in January, 2012 with the release of version 6.1.
Block.
The Unicode block for Takri is U+11680–U+116CF. Grey areas indicate non-assigned code points:

</doc>
<doc id="9622770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622770" title="Fleet Fort">
Fleet Fort

The Fleet Model 60K Fort was the only aircraft designed and built by Canadians during the Second World War and was also the first all-metal monoplane built by Fleet Aircraft of Canada (Fort Erie). It was intended to be an intermediate trainer employed for pilot training between the de Havilland Tiger Moth primary trainer and the North American Harvard advanced trainer. Although it served with the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, the Fort was redundant and was used to train wireless (radio) operators and had a relatively short operational career.
Design and development.
The Fort was originally designed as an advanced flying trainer and in 1940 orders were placed for 200 to be built for the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. The Fleet 60 was designed as a monoplane with a low elliptical wing and a raised rear cockpit. An unusual feature was the fixed undercarriage. Although fixed, the undercarriage was fitted with a retractable fairing. This feature was intended to familiarize student pilots with an undercarriage retraction mechanism but without causing external damage by a forgetful student.
Production was delayed, however, as the first Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) model was not flying until 18 April 1941. The availability of the Fairchild Cornell, and a change in what constituted an "advanced" trainer, led to the contract's being sharply cut back, and only 101 Forts were ultimately delivered to the RCAF between June 1941 and June 1942.
Operational history.
Initially, the RCAF did not want to order the Model 60K, and their concerns proved valid. Pilot trainees found the Fort relatively easy to master, thereby making it unsuitable for transition to combat aircraft (e.g., Hawker Hurricane). Also, the RCAF decided that pilots who had soloed in Fleet Finches and de Havilland Tiger Moths could proceed to Harvards without training on Forts. The Forts were then used to train wireless operators at No. 2 Wireless School, Calgary and No. 3 Wireless School, Winnipeg.
Two models were built, one having a Jacobs engine and the other having a Jacobs. The more powerful engine gave the revised Fort a top speed of and the cruising speed . It then climbed at per minute and had a range of . Loaded weight was slightly increased to .
The last Forts saw active service in 1944 and they were phased out of use by 1945; the last Model 60K was retired in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="9622780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622780" title="Stuss">
Stuss

Stuss or Jewish Faro is a card game, a variant of faro . In this version (played in house games, back rooms, and saloons) the cards are dealt from the dealer's hand, not from a shoe. Also, the house won all the money when drawing two equal cards, as opposed to half in traditional faro. This greatly increased the house advantage over its patrons.
It was particularly popular in the late 19th century in New York City and Chicago until the time of World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="9622789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622789" title="Edson Leader">
Edson Leader

The Edson Leader is a weekly newspaper serving the Edson, Alberta area. The Leader is owned by Sun Media Corporation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9622795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622795" title="Tuppers Plains, Ohio">
Tuppers Plains, Ohio

Tuppers Plains is an unincorporated community on the boundary of the Olive and Orange Townships of Meigs County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45783. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 7 and 681.
Education.
Public education in the community of Tuppers Plains is provided by the Eastern Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Eastern Elementary School (Grades K-8) and Eastern High School [http://www.easternlocal.com/school_home.aspx?schoolID=3] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622798" title="Reedsville, Ohio">
Reedsville, Ohio

Reedsville is an unincorporated community in eastern Olive Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45772.
It lies along the Ohio River, below Hockingport and above Long Bottom.
It also has Forked Run State Park nearby that has a great disc golf course, swimming,fishing and camping available.
Education.
Public education in the community of Reedsville is provided by the Eastern Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Eastern Elementary School (Grades K-8) and Eastern High School [http://www.easternlocal.com/school_home.aspx?schoolID=3] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622800" title="Portland, Ohio">
Portland, Ohio

Portland is an unincorporated community in eastern Lebanon Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45770.
It lies on the Ohio River, located below Long Bottom and above Racine.
Education.
Public education in the community of Portland is provided by the Southern Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Southern Elementary School (Grades K-8) and Southern High School (Grades 9-12).
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by relatively high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Portland has a Humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="9622802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622802" title="Long Bottom, Ohio">
Long Bottom, Ohio

Long Bottom is an unincorporated community in southern Olive Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45743.
It lies on the Ohio River, located below Reedsville and above Portland.
Education.
Public education in the community of Long Bottom is provided by the Eastern Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Eastern Elementary School (Grades K-8) and Eastern High School [http://www.easternlocal.com/school_home.aspx?schoolID=3] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622803" title="The Quickening (series)">
The Quickening (series)

The Quickening is a fantasy trilogy of novels released first released in 2003 by Fiona McIntosh. The story centres around various realms, legions, heroes, knights, and sorcerers, while intermingling love and romance within battles between good and evil.
Overview.
At first the story is that of a general of a legion at war with a neighbouring realm. As the story unwraps the reader learns of the frightening, emotional, and yet all too exciting life of Wyl Thirsk. Throughout the series a twist of magical elements is introduced and guides the life of the main character.
Theme/Analysis.
Many times during the novels the reader can interpret a situation or conversation as having more than a surface meaning. In her own words, McIntosh's style is summed up thus: 
"My leading characters are usually thrown into torrid circumstances, needing to live by their wits, and I need them making very human errors of judgment now and then. It steps up the tension and gives the reader good reason to go back for more to find out how these characters, that they're now helplessly involved with, solve their dilemmas. By making my characters experience lots of emotions, lots of hurdles, forcing them to essentially dig themselves out of horrendous situations by their own cunning and intelligence, it stops them being fantastical characters of magic and allows the reader to relate very strongly with them. Magic is increasingly my backdrop to a story rather than having individual characters wielding it too much or too often."
Works in the series.
"Myrren's Gift" (2003).
All Wyl Thirsk ever wanted was for his family to be happy, to be loyal to his monarch, King Magnus, as his father was and, most importantly, to follow in the footsteps of his father, Fergys Thirsk. But change is in the wind after Magnus married a foreign woman who gave him a cruel but handsome son - Prince Celimus.
"Blood and Memory" (2004).
The unfamiliar faces of Wyl.
"Bridge of Souls" (2004).
The final chapter of his journey.
Characters.
"Fergys Thirsk" – The General. The story begins with his death. A good friend of the king.
"King Magnus" – The king of Morgravia.
"Wyl Thirsk" – The main character, a rough red-headed teenage youth born as the general of the Morgravian army and legion, grows into a highly respected figurehead.
"Ylena Thirsk" – Wyl’s sister. Daughter of a noble family, a strong-willed girl who enjoys the simple things in life and has a pure voice.
"Alyd Donal" – The youngest son of a noble and loyal family to the crown. Newly wed to Ylena.
"Gueryn le Gant" – The Thirsk family body guard and close friend.
"King Celimus" – The new king, a wicked hot-headed murderer.
"Fynch" – A strange and unusually strong young boy who works in the castle.
"Valentyna" – The heir and queen of Briavel. An exotic beauty and young leader.
"Elspyth of Yentro" – A teenage girl born into a family of sorcerers.
"Myrren" – A convicted witch, she is burned at the stake in the town as an example.
"Lothryn" – Cailech’s right hand man and best friend.
"King Cailech" – The rugged mountain king.
References.
In Print<br>
McIntosh, Fiona. Myrren's Gift. New York, NY: HarperCollins, 2005. ISBN 0-06-074756-0, ISBN 978-0-06-074756-5
McIntosh, Fiona. Blood and Memory. New York, NY: HarperCollins, 2005. ISBN 0-06-074758-7, ISBN 978-0-06-074758-9
McIntosh, Fiona. A Bridge of Souls. New York, NY: HarperCollins, 2005.ISBN 0060747609, ISBN 978-0-06-074760-2
Cited Internet<br>
Referenced Internet<br>
General book review
External links.
Fiona McIntosh’s official website

</doc>
<doc id="9622807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622807" title="Langsville, Ohio">
Langsville, Ohio

Langsville is an unincorporated community in western Rutland Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States, along Leading Creek. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45741.
Education.
Public education in the community of Langsville is provided by the Meigs Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Meigs Primary School (Grades K-2), Meigs Intermediate School (Grades 3-5), Meigs Middle School (Grades 6-8), and Meigs High School (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622809" title="Chester, Ohio">
Chester, Ohio

Chester is an unincorporated community in central Chester Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States. It lies along the Shade River at the intersection of State Routes 7 and 248. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45720.
History.
Chester is one the oldest communities in Meigs County, having its beginnings around 1800. Shade River allowed for feed and saw mills to be constructed, while the Shade River Valley provided relatively fertile cropland.
Chester served as the first county seat for Meigs County, but was later replaced by the growing Ohio River village of Pomeroy. On a hill overlooking the town square or commons, is the oldest standing courthouse in the state of Ohio. Tours can be arranged through the Meigs County Historical Society.
Noted American author Ambrose Bierce was born just downstream of Chester in the Shade River valley.
Education.
Public education in the community of Chester is provided by the Eastern Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Eastern Elementary School (Grades K-8) and Eastern High School [http://www.easternlocal.com/school_home.aspx?schoolID=3] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622812" title="Rutland Middle School">
Rutland Middle School

Rutland Middle School (RMS) is part of School District 23 Central Okanagan (SD#23) in Kelowna, British Columbia. It is located off Rutland Road, sharing a lot with Rutland Senior Secondary (RSS).

</doc>
<doc id="9622813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622813" title="Pointe-aux-Trembles railway station">
Pointe-aux-Trembles railway station

Pointe-aux-Trembles railway station was on the corner of Prince-Albert Street and 64th Avenue in the Rivière-des-Prairies–Pointe-aux-Trembles borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The station has a disused station building and was a optional stop for two Via Rail routes from Montreal until January 3, 2013. Passengers were directed to use Montreal Central, Ahuntsic or Le Gardeur stations. The future Mascouche commuter train line will be served by the Pointe-aux-Trembles station nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="9622814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622814" title="North Lima, Ohio">
North Lima, Ohio

North Lima is an unincorporated community in central Mahoning County, Ohio, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44452. It lies at the intersection of Ohio State Route 7 and 164.
The community is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Austintown, Ohio-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Notable residents.
Charlotte Benkner, one of the oldest living persons on record, spent the last few years of her life in North Lima.
Bob Mortimer (evangelist), an international speaker, was born in North Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="9622818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622818" title="North Jackson, Ohio">
North Jackson, Ohio

North Jackson is an unincorporated community in central Jackson Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44451. It lies along State Route 45 between Salem and Warren. The community is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
North Jackson is the site of a Marian shrine of the Roman Catholic Church, the National Shrine of Our Lady of Lebanon.
North Jackson is home to Daystar Alpacas, an alpaca ranch.
North Jackson is also home to Jackson-Milton Public Schools which provide education for North Jackson and Lake Milton residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9622823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622823" title="North Benton, Ohio">
North Benton, Ohio

North Benton is an unincorporated community in northern Smith Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44449. It lies along State Route 14 between Salem and Ravenna.
The community is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
North Benton was platted in 1834. It was named for Thomas Hart Benton, senator from Missouri. North was added to disambiguate it from another Benton.

</doc>
<doc id="9622825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622825" title="(69990) 1998 WU31">
(69990) 1998 WU31

, also written as (69990) 1998 WU31 is a TNO that resides in the Kuiper belt. It was discovered on November 18, 1998 by Marc W. Buie at Kitt Peak National Observatory
Since it is in a 2:3 orbital resonance with the planet Neptune, it has been classified as a plutino.

</doc>
<doc id="9622827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622827" title="The Western Star (Bessemer, Alabama)">
The Western Star (Bessemer, Alabama)

The Western Star is a weekly newspaper published in Bessemer, Alabama. It is owned by Trib Publications, a regional chain based in Manchester, Georgia. Their website is [http://www.thewesternstarnews.blogspot.com]

</doc>
<doc id="9622828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622828" title="New Springfield, Ohio">
New Springfield, Ohio

New Springfield is an unincorporated community in southern Springfield Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44443. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 165 and 617.
The community is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
New Springfield was laid out before 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="9622833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622833" title="Lake Milton, Ohio">
Lake Milton, Ohio

Lake Milton is a census-designated place in central Milton Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44429. It sits on the edge of Lake Milton in northwestern Mahoning County.
The community is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9622839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622839" title="Greenford, Ohio">
Greenford, Ohio

Greenford is an unincorporated community in central Green Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44422. It lies along State Route 165 a short distance north of Salem. South Range Middle School, the Greenford Public Library, and the Greenford Cupboard are on the main street. Also, the Greenford Christian Church and the Greenford Lutheran Church are in Greenford. Greenford enjoyed recent success after producing several college athletes, and incredible feat for such a small area. Recent athletes include 2010 graduate James Nell who briefly ran division 1 track at Youngstown State University, 2013 graduate Cole Krumpak, who played division 2 football for Walsh University, and 2013 graduate Andrew O'Leary who ran division 1 track at Kent State, all of whom lived in Greenford and graduated from South Range High School.
The is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9622841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622841" title="Ellsworth, Ohio">
Ellsworth, Ohio

Ellsworth is an unincorporated community in central Ellsworth Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44416. It lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 224 and State Route 45.
The community is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9622847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622847" title="Damascus, Ohio">
Damascus, Ohio

Damascus is a census-designated place (CDP) in southwestern Goshen Township in Mahoning County and northwestern Butler Township in Columbiana County in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 443. Damascus has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44619. Its elevation is , and it is located at (40.9020031, -80.9550891). The community lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 62 and State Routes 173 and 534.
The Mahoning County portion of Damascus is part of the Youngstown–Warren–Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area, while the Columbiana County portion is part of the East Liverpool–Salem Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
Damascus was platted in 1808. It was originally built up chiefly by Quakers.
The Damascus post office opened in 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="9622851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622851" title="Willow Wood, Ohio">
Willow Wood, Ohio

Willow Wood is an unincorporated community in western Windsor Township, Lawrence County, Ohio, United States, along Symmes Creek. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45696. Children in the Willow Wood area attend the Symmes Valley Multilevel and High Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9622854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622854" title="Waterloo, Ohio">
Waterloo, Ohio

Waterloo is an unincorporated community in southeastern Symmes Township, Lawrence County, Ohio, United States, along Symmes Creek. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45688.

</doc>
<doc id="9622855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622855" title="Scottown, Ohio">
Scottown, Ohio

Scottown is an unincorporated community in eastern Windsor Township, Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45678.

</doc>
<doc id="9622861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622861" title="Rock Camp, Ohio">
Rock Camp, Ohio

Rock Camp is an unincorporated community in northeastern Perry Township, Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45675.

</doc>
<doc id="9622864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622864" title="Pedro, Ohio">
Pedro, Ohio

Pedro is an unincorporated community in central Elizabeth Township, Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with ZIP code of 45659.
Public services.
The residents of Pedro are served by the Rock Hill Local School District and the Briggs Lawrence County Public Library in Ironton, with branches in South Point Chesapeake, Proctorville and Willow Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="9622872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622872" title="Hilton Grand Vacations Company">
Hilton Grand Vacations Company

Hilton Grand Vacations Company, LLC, a subsidiary of Hilton Worldwide, is based in Orlando, Florida. In addition, there are regional offices in Las Vegas, Nevada, Oahu, Hawaii, New York, New York, Marco Island, Florida and Sanibel Island, Florida. In February 2008, Mark Wang was named President of Hilton Grand Vacations.
Hilton Grand Vacations Company, LLC develops, manages, markets, and operates a system of brand-name vacation club ownership resorts. Resort villas are jointly-owned by members who have exclusive use of the properties for limited periods of time. Club members can also exchange their intervals for vacations at affiliated resorts worldwide. 
Hilton Grand Vacation Club.
The Hilton Grand Vacation Club (HGVC) is a point-based reservations and exchange system allowing HGVC Members leisure-travel opportunities. There are approximately 212,000 HGVC members worldwide. Club membership provides exclusive exchange, leisure-travel, and reservation services.
Right of First Refusal.
When selling an HGVC account, each owner will be required to submit their purchase agreement contract to Hilton for their review. Hilton reserves the right to purchase the ownership directly from the existing owner, thus refusing the sale to the buyer. Hilton must pay at least the amount the seller was originally contracted for. This program helps maintain long-term resale value for HGVC ownerships. 

</doc>
<doc id="9622873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622873" title="Kitts Hill, Ohio">
Kitts Hill, Ohio

Kitts Hill is an unincorporated community in western Lawrence Township, Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45645. It lies along State Route 141 northeast of the city of Ironton, the county seat of Lawrence County. The majority of Pre-K through 12th grade education is provided by the Rock Hill Local School District, although very small portions of the area are served by the Dawson-Bryant Local School District.
Kitts Hill is probably named for the family of farmer Edward Kitts, whose wife Mary bore six daughters and one son in the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="9622879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622879" title="Wolf Run, Ohio">
Wolf Run, Ohio

Wolf Run is an unincorporated community in eastern Springfield Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43970. The stream of Wolf Run, which flows northward past the community, is a tributary of Goose Creek, which in turn flows southward to meet Cross Creek in Harrison County's German Township, which in turn flows eastward to meet the Ohio River at Mingo Junction.
Wolf Run is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9622892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622892" title="Piney Fork, Ohio">
Piney Fork, Ohio

Piney Fork is an unincorporated community in central Smithfield Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. The stream of Piney Fork flows southeast past the community; it meets Short Creek in far western Warren Township, and Short Creek in turn meets the Ohio River at Rayland.
Piney Fork is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Education.
Public education in the community of Piney Fork is provided by the Buckeye Local School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9622893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622893" title="Hammondsville, Ohio">
Hammondsville, Ohio

Hammondsville is an unincorporated community in central Saline Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43930. It lies along State Route 213. The community is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area. Notable residents are Pap "Buckeye" Hogue and Bevo Francis.
History.
Hammondsville was laid out in 1852 on the property of Charles Hammond.
Education.
Hammondsville is part of the Edison Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Stanton Elementary School (Preschool-Grade 8) and Edison High School [http://www.edisonlocal.k12.oh.us/district/buildings/ehs/ehs.html] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622900" title="East Springfield, Ohio">
East Springfield, Ohio

East Springfield is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in northwestern Salem Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43925. It lies along State Route 43 northwest of the county seat of Steubenville. The community is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
East Springfield was laid out in 1803.
Education.
East Springfield is part of the Edison Local School District. Campuses serving the community include John Gregg Elementary School (Preschool-Grade 4), Springfield Middle School (Grades 5-8), and Edison High School [http://www.edisonlocal.k12.oh.us/district/buildings/ehs/ehs.html] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9622907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622907" title="Mount Hope, Ohio">
Mount Hope, Ohio

Mount Hope is an unincorporated community in eastern Salt Creek Township, Holmes County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44660. It lies along State Route 241.

</doc>
<doc id="9622908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622908" title="Lakeville, Ohio">
Lakeville, Ohio

Lakeville is an unincorporated community in northeastern Washington Township, Holmes County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44638. It lies along State Route 226 west of Odell Lake and south of Bonnett and Round Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="9622911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622911" title="Silver Spring Soft Drinks">
Silver Spring Soft Drinks

The Silver Spring Soft Drinks Ltd was a commercial limited company that produced a range of soft drinks from its factory and headquarters at Folkestone, Kent, in the United Kingdom. Originally founded as a company in 1886, the company traded under the name of Silver Spring Mineral Water Company until it changed ownership in 2009. The new entity in turn hit trouble in 2012 and was liquidated in early 2013. It produced the drink brands Perfectly Clear and Rola Cola along with own label brands for supermarket chains.
History.
The Silver Spring Mineral Water Company was founded in Folkestone in 1888 as a carbonated soft drinks manufacturer. Originally located at Grace Hill, Folkestone, towards the end of the 1890s the company expanded and moved to larger premises in Foord Rd. In 1946 Silver Spring bought and merged with another local firm, the Harris of Hythe Company. Further consolidation of the local market came in 1969 when Silver Spring took over Star Mineral of Whitstable. In 1970 it moved again to a new facility on the Park Farm Estate. During the following decade it created the Rola Cola and Spring Up brands.
The company became the first company in Great Britain to begin production of P.E.T. 2litre bottles in 1982, and shortly after commenced own label production for the supermarkets. On May 6, 1995, the company introduced the Perfectly Clear brand of flavoured mineral water. Within two years Perfectly Clear became the 4th best selling carbonated drink in the UK. In 2008 the company was reported as producing more than 250m bottles of drinks per year.
Despite the success of Perfectly Clear, the family owned company was entered into administration on 16 September 2009 by Deloitte LLP. The company's assets were subsequently purchased by venture capital firm Privet Capital and renamed as Silver Spring Soft Drinks Company Ltd which continued the sale of the Silver Spring products.
Silver Spring Soft Drinks Company Ltd in turn entered administration in October 2012, with production ceasing in December 2012 ahead of the company being finally wound up.
Products.
Silver Spring products were commonplace throughout Kent, and many (including its 'Perfectly Clear' flavoured water range) were distributed nationwide. Certain lines were, however, distributed only in Kent, thus the company had a very local feel to it. Although many of its products were generic in nature (cola, mineral water, etc.) it produced one line which is believed to be unique, the soft drink "Bing", which is widely drunk in Kent. The company's lemonade was known by the distinctive product title "Spring Up".
Silver Spring has been operating from Folkestone since 1870 and remained an independent company. It retained many traditional features; for example, manufacturing its own bottles, both glass and plastic.
In 2007, Silver Spring took over production of Virgin Cola.

</doc>
<doc id="9622913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622913" title="Charm, Ohio">
Charm, Ohio

Charm is an unincorporated community in northwestern Clark Township, Holmes County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44617. It lies along State Route 557.

</doc>
<doc id="9622915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622915" title="Big Prairie, Ohio">
Big Prairie, Ohio

Big Prairie is an unincorporated community in northwestern Ripley Township, Holmes County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44611. It lies less than one mile east of Odell Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9622917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622917" title="Union Furnace, Ohio">
Union Furnace, Ohio

Union Furnace is an unincorporated community in northern Starr Township, Hocking County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43158. It is located along State Route 328, which forms the main street in Union Furnace.

</doc>
<doc id="9622920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622920" title="Idne language">
Idne language

Idne, also known as Maleu-Kilenge, is an Austronesian language spoken by several thousand swidden farmers in the Talasea District of West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="9622922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622922" title="South Bloomingville, Ohio">
South Bloomingville, Ohio

South Bloomingville is an unincorporated community in western Benton Township, Hocking County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a zip code of 43152. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 56 and 664, slightly west of Hocking Hills State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9622924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622924" title="Adrien Loir">
Adrien Loir

Adrien Loir (December 15, 1862 – 1941) was a French bacteriologist born in Lyon. He was a nephew of Louis Pasteur, and for much of his career was associated with the Pasteur Institute.
From 1882 to 1888 Loir was an assistant in Pasteur's laboratory in Paris, where he performed research on swine fever. In 1886 he installed the first anti-rabies clinic in Saint Petersburg. Between 1888 and 1893 he made two journeys to Australia to conduct research of anthrax and pleropneumonia. While there, he investigated the use of chicken cholera bacillus in an attempt to eradicate the country's rabbit infestation.
In 1893 he founded the Pasteur Institute of Tunisia, and for several years was a professor of hygiene and bacteriology at the colonial school in Tunis. In 1906 he traveled to Canada, where he demonstrated that the equine disease, dourine is caused by the parasite "trypanosoma equiperdum".

</doc>
<doc id="9622928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622928" title="Rockbridge, Ohio">
Rockbridge, Ohio

Rockbridge is an unincorporated community in eastern Good Hope Township, Hocking County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43149. It is located at the interchange of U.S. Route 33 and State Route 374, between Logan and Lancaster.
The area around Rockbridge contains many tourist destinations including portions of the Hocking Hills State Park System and Clear Creek, part of the Columbus Metro Parks system.
The community is named after a natural bridge formed in a large section of sandstone, which stretches more than 100 feet long and 10 to 20 feet wide over a ravine on a small offshoot of the Hocking River.

</doc>
<doc id="9622933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622933" title="Haydenville, Ohio">
Haydenville, Ohio

Haydenville is a census-designated place in southern Green Township, Hocking County, Ohio, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 33 and the Hocking River, southeast of the city of Logan, the county seat of Hocking County. Its elevation is 705 feet (215 m), and it is located at (39.4820130, -82.3282074). Although Haydenville is unincorporated, it has a post office, established on January 10, 1870, and a nearby cemetery. Its ZIP code is 43127; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 43127 had a population of 67 at the 2000 census.
History.
Haydenville was founded in 1852. It was named for Peter Hayden, the original owner of the town site.
In 1973, the community was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district under the name of "Haydenville Historic Town." Over 120 contributing properties were included in the historic district's .

</doc>
<doc id="9622940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622940" title="Carbon Hill, Ohio">
Carbon Hill, Ohio

Carbon Hill is a census-designated place in central Ward Township, Hocking County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43111. As of 2012, the population was approximately 700
State Route 278, located on the western edge of Carbon Hill, is its main north-south street.
History.
Carbon Hill was laid out in 1873. Coal (a carbon-based fuel) was extensively mined there.
Public services.
The residents of Carbon Hill are served by the Nelsonville-York City School District and Nelsonville-York High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9622948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622948" title="Mount Saint Joseph, Ohio">
Mount Saint Joseph, Ohio

Mount Saint Joseph is an unincorporated community in central Delhi Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45051. Because it includes the motherhouse of the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati, the Internal Revenue Service recognizes 45051 as the eighth most generous ZIP code in the United States, with residents giving 41.50% of their net income to charity. The unincorporated community is also home to the College of Mount St. Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="9622949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622949" title="Miamitown, Ohio">
Miamitown, Ohio

Miamitown is a census-designated place (CDP) in western Whitewater Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 1,259 at the 2010 census. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45041.
Geography.
Miamitown is located northwest of downtown Cincinnati. It is situated on the west bank of the Great Miami River at the intersection of Harrison Pike and Ohio State Route 128 (Hamilton Cleves Pike Road). Interstate 74 runs along the southern edge of the village, with access to it via Exit 7.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.72%, is water.
History.
Miamitown was founded in 1816 by Arthur Henry, who operated a flour mill and distillery.
On May 26, 1989, a major bridge in town collapsed and fell into the Great Miami River.

</doc>
<doc id="9622957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622957" title="Meltdown (Icehouse album)">
Meltdown (Icehouse album)

Meltdown is a remix album by Australian rock synthpop band, Icehouse with tracks remixed by Australian electronic musicians and bands including Infusion, sonicanimation and beXta. It was released in October 2002 within Australia by dIVA Records (Icehouse founder Iva Davies' own label) under Warner Music Australia. The single "Lay Your Hands on Me" (Icehouse Vs. Speed Of Light) peaked at #85 on the Australian singles chart. The album was re-released, in 2004 by Rock Up label / Star Records, as Street Cafe or more fully "Street Cafe and Other Remixed Hits" with a different track order and different cover art (see infobox below right).
Track listing.
"Meltdown" 2002 release
"Street Cafe" 2004 releasesame re-mixers as above
Personnel.
Credited to:

</doc>
<doc id="9622958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622958" title="Hooven, Ohio">
Hooven, Ohio

Hooven is a census-designated place (CDP) in southeastern Whitewater Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 534 at the 2010 census. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45033.
Geography.
Hooven is located at , in the valley of the Great Miami River, northwest of downtown Cincinnati. State Route 128 is the main road through the community, running northeast to Miamitown. U.S. Route 50 forms the southern edge of the CDP, and Interstate 275 forms the northwestern edge, with access to Hooven via Exit 21. The Great Miami River is the eastern edge of the community.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 2.96%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9622961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622961" title="Camp Dennison, Ohio">
Camp Dennison, Ohio

Camp Dennison is a census-designated place (CDP) just outside Indian Hill in southern Symmes Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45111. The population was 375 at the 2010 census. During the American Civil War, Camp Dennison served as a military recruiting and training post for the United States Army (see Camp Dennison). It is named for William Dennison, the 24th Governor of Ohio and U.S. Postmaster General under President Abraham Lincoln.
The community was settled in 1796 by German immigrants.
Geography.
Camp Dennison is located at in the valley of the Little Miami River, northeast of downtown Cincinnati. Ohio State Route 126, Glendale Milford Road, runs north-south through the center of the community.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="9622976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622976" title="Patriot, Ohio">
Patriot, Ohio

Patriot is an unincorporated community in southern Perry Township, Gallia County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45658.
Patriot is part of the Point Pleasant, WV–OH Micropolitan Statistical Area. Public education in the community of Patriot is provided by the Gallia County Local School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9622980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622980" title="Kerr, Ohio">
Kerr, Ohio

Kerr is an unincorporated community in southeastern Springfield Township, Gallia County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45643.
Kerr is part of the Point Pleasant, WV-OH Micropolitan Statistical Area. Public education in the community of Kerr is provided by the Gallia County Local School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9622982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622982" title="Mark Center, Ohio">
Mark Center, Ohio

Mark Center is an unincorporated community in central Mark Township, Defiance County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43536. It is located on Farmer-Mark Road, a short distance south of State Route 18.
Motto: It's a revolution, I suppose.

</doc>
<doc id="9622985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622985" title="Jewell, Ohio">
Jewell, Ohio

Jewell is an unincorporated community in northern Richland Township, Defiance County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43530. It is located at the intersection of County Roads 55 and 185 a short distance southeast of U.S. Route 24.

</doc>
<doc id="9622988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622988" title="Farmer, Ohio">
Farmer, Ohio

Farmer is an unincorporated community in central Farmer Township, Defiance County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43520. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 2 and 249.
Farmer was named for Nathaniel Farmer, an early settler.

</doc>
<doc id="9622993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622993" title="Casselman railway station">
Casselman railway station

Casselman railway station is located on St. Joseph Street in the village of Casselman, Ontario, Canada. It is an optional station stop on the Via Rail Toronto-Ottawa-Montreal for two trains a day in each direction. Both westbound trains arrive from Montreal and continue towards Ottawa, Kingston, and Toronto. The first eastbound train arrives from Toronto, Kingston, and Ottawa and continues towards Montreal, while the second eastbound train arrives from Ottawa only and continues to Montreal.
The station is wheelchair-accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="9622994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622994" title="Evansport, Ohio">
Evansport, Ohio

Evansport is an unincorporated community in northern Tiffin Township, Defiance County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43519. It is located approximately one mile (1.6 km) south of U.S. Route 6.

</doc>
<doc id="9622995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622995" title="Walhonding, Ohio">
Walhonding, Ohio

Walhonding is an unincorporated community in northern Newcastle Township, Coshocton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43843. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 206 and 715.
History.
Walhonding was platted in 1841, when construction of the Walhonding Canal reached that point.

</doc>
<doc id="9622997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9622997" title="Keene, Ohio">
Keene, Ohio

Keene is an unincorporated community in central Keene Township, Coshocton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43828.
Keene was laid out in 1820 by Jesse Beal. It was settled chiefly by New Englanders from Keene, New Hampshire, hence the name.

</doc>
<doc id="9623000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623000" title="Fresno, Ohio">
Fresno, Ohio

Fresno is a census-designated place in eastern White Eyes Township, Coshocton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43824. It lies along State Route 93 between West Lafayette and Baltic.
Notable people.
World-class runner Brian Olinger grew up in Fresno and attended Ridgewood High School.
Birthplace of Dr. Fred William Thomas, December 30, 1898. He later became a surgeon who traveled back and forth from America to Nazi Germany. He was ultimately arrested and convicted of being a Nazi Spy. Ultimately, a legal appeal overturned his conviction and the U.S. Dept. of Justice dropped the criminal charges against him, because the U.S. Government determined he had not been spying for Nazi Germany. Dr. Thomas died in 1986 and his story never made it out into the mainstream media.

</doc>
<doc id="9623005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623005" title="Charlie Stayt">
Charlie Stayt

Charlie Stayt (born 19 June 1962) is a British journalist and presenter working freelance with the BBC as a presenter of "BBC Breakfast".
Early life.
Stayt was born in 1962 in Gloucester, in the West of England. He says he was a "late starter as a journalist", but that his years spent working as a roofer, a roadie and a barman were not entirely wasted.
Education.
Stayt was educated at Wycliffe College, a co-educational part-boarding independent school in the town of Stonehouse (near the market town of Stroud) in Gloucestershire, followed by Birmingham Polytechnic in the West Midlands region of England.
Broadcasting career.
Stayt started his career on a commercial radio station in his home town of Gloucester. Before moving into television, he worked on radio in London, hosting Capital Radio's award-winning news programme, "The Way It Is" and also reporting for LBC and BBC Radio 5 Live. 
Stayt began his TV career working for ITN in 1995, then joined "Five News" as a reporter before presenting the network's prime-time bulletins and half-hour live debate programmes. He anchored Five News' coverage of the events of 11 September 2001 and spent a total of ten years at ITN, both as a correspondent and a presenter. 
Stayt was also a presenter for Sky News. He has presented numerous current affairs programmes and also hosted live 'reality' TV shows "Jailbreak", and "Are You Telepathic".
Stayt joined "BBC Breakfast" in 2006, initially as a relief presenter, but in December 2007, he was promoted as Friday-Sunday presenter. Since January 2008, he has been the weekend presenter for "BBC Breakfast", the early morning news programme broadcast on BBC One and BBC News. He also continues to occasionally present relief shifts on BBC News. He moved with the programme to Salford and is presenting the programme Thursday- Saturday with Louise Minchin. He married Anne F Breckell in 1995. They have two children, Phoebe Senara & Jake Hamilton.
On the 12 April 2014 edition of "BBC Breakfast", Stayt made a colossal gaffe when he stated that Prince William had "left the IRA", later retrieving his error with the intended "RAF".

</doc>
<doc id="9623009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623009" title="Blissfield, Ohio">
Blissfield, Ohio

Blissfield is an unincorporated community in southwestern Clark Township, Coshocton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43805. It lies along State Route 60 between Warsaw and Killbuck.

</doc>
<doc id="9623013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623013" title="Bakersville, Ohio">
Bakersville, Ohio

Bakersville is an unincorporated community in northeastern Adams Township, Coshocton County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43803. It lies along State Route 751 northeast of West Lafayette.
History.
Bakersville was laid out in 1848 by John Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="9623019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623019" title="Winona, Ohio">
Winona, Ohio

Winona is an unincorporated community in southeastern Butler Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44493. The Winona post office was opened in 1868.
Winona is named after the character Wenonah in the 1855 epic poem "The Song of Hiawatha" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.

</doc>
<doc id="9623023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623023" title="West Point, Ohio">
West Point, Ohio

West Point is an unincorporated community in northern Madison Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44492. The West Point post office opened in 1836. It lies along U.S. Route 30 at its intersection with State Routes 45 and 518.
Among its most notable natives was Robert Allen, a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="9623027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623027" title="North Georgetown, Ohio">
North Georgetown, Ohio

North Georgetown is an unincorporated community in western Knox Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44665. The town itself it located at the intersection of Georgetown Road (County Hwy 400) and Rochester Road (County Hwy 402).
North Georgetown was laid out in 1830.
The Stage Coach Inn, founded in the early 1800s, was once a stop-off point for stagecoaches travelling to nearby cities. Now a restaurant, the building itself has history. It is said that it was once part of the Underground Railroad, helping to hide fleeing slaves during the Civil War.
North Georgetown is home to two churches. Emmanuel Lutheran Church was formed in 1813 and is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. First Brethren Church was formed in 1892 and is affiliated with The Brethren Church (Ashland, Ohio). Just west of town is Reading Church of the Brethren, founded in 1825 and affiliated with the Church of the Brethren. All three churches work cooperatively to serve the community.

</doc>
<doc id="9623028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623028" title="Abby Folsom">
Abby Folsom

Abigail Folsom (died 1867) was a 19th-century American feminist and abolitionist. Ralph Waldo Emerson termed her “the flea of conventions” for her habit of insisting on a woman’s right to speak, which would derail abolitionist and other conferences. One source relates the following anecdote:
She was often removed from the halls she afflicted by gentle force. As she was a nonresistant, she never struck back, save with her tongue which was keen enough. One day Wendell Phillips and two others placed her in a chair and were carrying her down the aisle through the crowd when she exclaimed: “I’m better off than my master was. He had but one ass to ride — I have three to carry me.”

</doc>
<doc id="9623031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623031" title="Negley, Ohio">
Negley, Ohio

Negley is a unincorporated community in northeastern Middleton Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. The population was 1,557 at the 2010 census. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44441. It lies along State Route 154.
Negley is also the site of the Youngstown and Southern Railway shop that is now used by the Youngstown and Southeastern Railroad.
It is also the birthplace of noted Christian Anarchist Ammon Hennacy, who practiced poverty, non-violence, and service to the outcasts of society.

</doc>
<doc id="9623035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623035" title="Kensington, Ohio">
Kensington, Ohio

Kensington is an unincorporated community in southwestern Hanover Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44427. It lies along U.S. Route 30 at its intersection with State Routes 9 and 644.
History.
Kensington had its start by the building of the Cleveland and Pittsburgh Railroad through that territory. Kensington was originally known as Mayville, and under the latter name was laid out in 1852. The name Kensington was adopted in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="9623043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623043" title="East Rochester, Ohio">
East Rochester, Ohio

East Rochester is a census-designated place in southern West Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44625. It lies along U.S. Route 30.
East Rochester was originally known officially as Rochester, and under the latter name was platted in 1834. The Cleveland and Pittsburgh Railroad was built through the settlement in 1852. When the post office was established, the name East Rochester was adopted to avoid confustion with another Rochester, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="9623046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623046" title="Mechanicstown, Ohio">
Mechanicstown, Ohio

Mechanicstown is an unincorporated community in northwestern Fox Township, Carroll County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44651. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 39 and 524. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
The community was laid out in 1836 by Thomas McGavern. On March 21, 1837, the Ohio General Assembly approved a name change from “Mechanicsburgh” to “Mechanicstown”.
Willis Elementary, serving the Carrollton Exempted Village School District and located outside of town, was closed in 2008.
Education.
Students attend the Carrollton Exempted Village School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9623049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623049" title="Padang Rengas">
Padang Rengas

Padang Rengas is a very small town in Perak, Malaysia. The town is located about 15 km from Kuala Kangsar town. 
It has a police station, railway station, rural health centre, market and Schools ~ SJK(C) Khiu Min, SK Tun Dr. Ismail, SK Perempuan & SMK Tun Perak, including a Technical-based education school. Padang Rengas has a major cement manufacturing complex and surrounded by rubber estates. 
One interesting site is Gunung Pondok, a large limestone hill that is being actively quarried by YTL. 
Dr. Thevagi stays in Padang Rengas with her family. She is the only doctor in the small town.

</doc>
<doc id="9623054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623054" title="Harlem Springs, Ohio">
Harlem Springs, Ohio

Harlem Springs is an unincorporated community in central Lee Township, Carroll County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44631. It lies along State Route 43. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
The village was established by Isaac Wiggins on March 15, 1832 as "Harlem" on the site of natural springs
Education.
Students attend the Carrollton Exempted Village School District
From 1858 to 1867 the Rural Seminary, also known as Harlem Springs College inhabited the town. It later moved and became known as Scio College and eventually merged with Mount Union College.

</doc>
<doc id="9623056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623056" title="History of Georgetown University">
History of Georgetown University

The history of Georgetown University spans over four hundred years, from the early settlement of America to the present day. Georgetown University has grown with both its city, Washington, D.C., and the United States, each of which date their founding to the period from 1788 to 1790. Georgetown's origins are in the establishment of the Maryland colony in the seventeenth-century. Bishop John Carroll established the school at its present location by the Potomac River after the American Revolution allowed for free religious practice.
The role of the Society of Jesus in the school's operation has evolved from that of founders and financiers to faculty and advisers. Their focus on liberal studies and religious pluralism have helped to give the school its identity. Georgetown was also affected by its times, including the American Civil War, which disrupted the growing school and significantly changed its student body. University presidents like Patrick Francis Healy modernized the institution into an active research university with several graduate and undergraduate schools, and oversaw the expansion of educational opportunities on campus, around the city, and abroad.
Founding.
The history of Georgetown University traces back to two formative events, in 1634 and 1789. Until 1851, the school used 1788, the start of construction on the Old South building, as its founding date. In that year a copy-edit in the college catalog began mislabeling the construction as beginning in 1789. This was discovered in preparation for the centennial celebration in 1889, at which point rather than correct the annual, the date of Georgetown's foundation was fixed to the date January 23, 1789.
First establishments.
On November 22, 1633 Jesuits Andrew White, John Altham Gravenor, and Thomas Gervase set sail on "The Ark" for British North America under the leadership and financing of the Lord Baltimore, Leonard Calvert. Their landing on March 25, 1634 on St. Clement's Island marks the birth of the Maryland colony, this anniversary now celebrated as Maryland Day. These Jesuits were joined in 1637 by Thomas Copley and Ferdinand Poulton, together establishing near St. Mary's City some means of Christian education for the native Yaocomico tribe.
Inquiring about patronage for their school, Poulton wrote to Vincenzo Carafa, the Superior General of the Society of Jesus in Rome under Pope Urban VIII, who on September 15, 1640 approved the institution of a school in principle. That year they moved to a permanent building at Calverton Manor on in the Wicomico River. This early establishment was burnt in 1645 as part of the English Civil War, and the remaining Jesuits were brought to trial in England. The new Protestant administration had their school outlawed, though it was functioning by 1648, when Thomas Copley managed to return there.
Newtown Manor, also known as "Bretton's Neck", near modern-day Leonardtown, Maryland, become available to the Jesuits in 1677. This house served as the Jesuit schoolhouse until 1704 when its existence was alerted to British authorities. The school afterward conducted itself periodically and in secrecy at the new Jesuit colony of Bohemia Manor. John Carroll attended this school from 1745 until 1748. Carroll then left for studies in Europe. He joined the Jesuits in 1753, and was ordained in 1769, but in 1774 Pope Clement XIV ordered the suppression of the Jesuit order, forcing Carroll to return to Maryland. This put Carroll in the right place at the right time, when the American Revolution pushed out the English administration, opening up new possibilities for scholastic expansion.
Georgetown Heights.
After returning in 1774 to live on the Rock Creek in Maryland, Carroll established Saint John the Evangelist Church, in Silver Spring, Maryland. In 1776, his cousin, Charles Carroll, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, invited John to join him, Samuel Chase, and Benjamin Franklin in traveling to Quebec and attempt to persuade the French Canadian population to join the revolution. The mission was unsuccessful, but John Carroll's association with Benjamin Franklin proved useful. In 1784, Franklin, as ambassador to France, recommended Carroll to the papal nuncio in Paris as the head of the Catholic Church in America, and on June 9, 1784 Carroll was anointed "Superior of Missions in the United States of North America". On November 6, 1789 Carroll's authority was confirmed after being elected by the clergy as the first Bishop of Baltimore.
Beginning in 1783, Carroll convened meetings of area clergy, mostly ex-Jesuits, at Sacred Heart Church in White Marsh, outside Annapolis, Maryland. This body, known as the General Chapters, resolved on November 13, 1786, that "a school be erected for the education of youth" and that the location for the school would be in Georgetown. The site was influenced by Carroll's experience with Jesuit colleges in Europe, which were located in urban centers. Port towns were used by Jesuits because of their missionary focus. By March 1787, they formed a fund raising committee, and Carroll solicited formal proposals for an "academy, at George-town, Patowmack-River, Maryland." The District of Columbia's borders wouldn't be defined until the passage and implementation of the Residence Act in 1790.
On April 24, 1787, Georgetown landowner John Threlkeld donated a plot of land to Carroll, which was ultimately where he founded Holy Trinity Church. In April 1788, construction began at a larger neighboring plot on Georgetown's first building, later called "Old South", leading Carroll to write "We shall begin the building of our Academy this summer. On this Academy are built all my hopes of permanency and success of our holy religion in the United States." On January 23, 1789, John Carroll, Robert Molyneux and John Ashton completed the purchase from Threlkeld and William Deakins, Jr. for "seventy five pounds current money" of the acre and a half on which construction had already started. This land became the core of Georgetown's campus. As a result, the University celebrates this date as its founding.
Early growth.
Carroll had difficulty filling the position of president of the university, with many candidates declining the job before Robert Plunkett first took the office in 1791, though he only served 18 months. He oversaw the division of the academy into "college", "preparatory", and "elementary", with the youngest starting at age eight. Jean-Edouard de Mondésir became the first teacher in late October 1791, and the first student, William Gaston, was enrolled on November 22, 1791. Classes commenced on January 2, 1792, with around 69 students attending in its first year. Georgetown's second building, Old North, which survives to this day, began construction in 1794. At three times the size of Old South, it greatly increased the number of classrooms and sleeping space on campus. Upon the building's completion, George Washington visited and spoke from the porch, a position since reserved for U.S. Presidents.
In its early years, Georgetown suffered from considerable financial strain, relying on private sources of funding and the limited profits from local Jesuit-owned lands. By September 1792, tuition had to be increased for the first time. In 1796, Louis William Valentine Dubourg arrived and became president. Dubourg brought with him a collection of books from his own collection and others from St. Mary's Seminary, the Baltimore Society of Saint-Sulpice, and these books formed the nucleus of Georgetown's library. On January 1, 1798, Dubourg released the first prospectus to advertise the college abroad, but also drove the school into debt by hiring numerous new faculty, including fencing teachers, and by buying silver and a school piano. The first board of directors organized in 1797, and quickly became antagonized with Dubourg because of his spending and preference for French faculty, particularly during the Quasi-War. The board forced him to resign in December 1798.
Beginning in 1798, Leonard Neale and his brother Francis Neale oversaw the growth of the university as presidents for a combined eleven years. At Carroll's request, Neale was also appointed coadjutor bishop by Pope Pius VI in 1800. In 1799 Neale invited three sisters of the Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary to open a convent at Georgetown. On June 24, 1799, the young Visitation Convent under Mother Teresa Lalor began a Saturday school for young women. This developed into an academy, now Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School, in 1802. Leonard Neale remained as president of Georgetown until 1806 when he was succeeded by Robert Molyneux, who died in 1808. Leonard Neale's brother, Francis Neale, then became president of Georgetown College in 1809.
When the suppression of the Society of Jesus in Maryland ended in 1805, several former Jesuits rejoined, including Leonard Neale, and Carroll commenced a series of agreements to ensure Jesuit involvement in the school. Carroll however never rejoined the Society. In 1806 the school began a novitiate for Jesuit recruits moving from Russia, which had harbored the Society during the suppression. Carroll didn't seek civil recognition for Georgetown until after the suppression of the international Society ended in 1814. Instead of a state charter, he went to the federal government, then in charge of the District of Columbia. Now Congressman William Gaston sponsored the legislation, and Georgetown received the first federal charter on March 1, 1815. Founder John Carroll died December 3, 1815, at age eighty, and in his will he left Georgetown four-hundred pounds sterling, which marked the beginning of Georgetown's endowment.
The new charter allowed Georgetown to grant academic degrees for the first time. The college's first two official graduates, a pair of brothers from New York named Charles and George Dinnies, were awarded the degree of bachelor of arts in 1817. Other Jesuit schools would confer degrees under Georgetown's charter for many years afterward. Graduate degrees were awarded for the first time in 1821. In 1833, the Holy See empowered Georgetown to confer degrees in philosophy and theology. On June 10, 1844, the school was reincorporated by Congress under the name "The President and Directors of Georgetown College". Georgetown's Observatory, completed in 1844, was used in 1846 to determine the latitude and longitude of Washington, D.C., which was the first such calculation for the nation's capital.
In 1830, construction of an infirmary in the new Gervase Building brought the first hospital beds to Georgetown. In 1849, four Catholic doctors frustrated with discriminatory practices at neighboring Columbian College (later renamed George Washington University) petitioned Georgetown President James Ryder to found a medical program. A building for this purpose was purchased at 12th and F Streets, and the School of Medicine was founded in 1850, holding its first classes the following year.
Early student life.
From its beginning, Georgetown was not intended to be exclusively Catholic, and over its first ten years, nearly one-fifth of students were Protestant. A fifth of students were also from the Caribbean. By 1830, Jewish students were known to be attending. European immigrants and Napoleonic War refugees also made up significant parts of the early student body. School rules were harshly enforced. Leonard Neale, a strict moralist, regulated students' movements such that founder John Carrol accused him of running Georgetown "on the principles of a convent." There were three student organized rebellions against the Georgetown administration in the antebellum period. The most notable of these occurred in January 1850, against the administration of James A. Ryder over the school food. Students damaged the dormitories and took charge of a local hotel.
The first student society, the Sodality of Our Lady, was founded in 1810 as a religious devotional group. A strict revision of school rules in 1829 forbade personal conversations or particular associations. Despite this the Philodemic Society was founded in 1830 as the schools debating society, the oldest of its kind in America and the oldest secular group at Georgetown. Other debating societies were founded in its model, or in opposition to it in later years, such as the short lived Philisorian Society and the Philonomosian Society, which lasted from 1839 until 1935. The College Cadets were officially organized in 1836, becoming the oldest military unit native to the District of Columbia. The Dramatic Association of Georgetown College, renamed the Mask and Bauble Dramatic Society after World War I, was founded in 1852, and is itself the oldest surviving student dramatic society in America.
The Civil War.
The Civil War was an important and tragic time for the University. Beginning on December 11, 1859 the Philodemic Society debated whether or not the southern states should secede. The debate lasted weeks, and after the Society affirmed secession, a brawl ensued, and debates were canceled for the rest of 1860. Fist fights on campus between northern and southern students soon became common. Beginning in 1861, many students left their studies to join the war. 925 students ultimately enlisted with the Confederate Army and 216 with the Union Army; between them 106 died in the war. Enrollment dropped from 313 students in 1859 to only 17 late in 1861. By 1862, Georgetown only had 120 total students, about ten percent of what it was just a few years earlier. Only seven students graduated in 1869, down from over 300 a decade prior.
Responding to lack of adequate hospital beds and housing for soldiers needed to protect the District, the Union commandeered University buildings, and by the time of President Abraham Lincoln's May 1861 visit to campus, 1,400 Union Army troops were stationed in temporary quarters there. Of these 1,300 were from the 69th Infantry Regiment, which established itself in Maguire Hall from May 4, 1841 to June when the unit was replaced by the 79th New York Volunteer Infantry. The occupation ended in July when the unit left to fight in the First Battle of Bull Run, but the university remained home to soldiers as an infirmary for the remainder of the war.
Georgetown would later be connected to the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. Several of John Wilkes Booth's conspirators had associations to Georgetown: David Herold, who accompanied Booth in his escape, attended the school between 1855 and 1858 and received a certificate in pharmacology in 1860, while Samuel Arnold, who conspired with Booth to kidnap Lincoln, attended in the mid-1840s, and Dr. Samuel Mudd, who set Booth's broken ankle following the assassination, studied medicine between 1851 and 1854. Charles Lieberman, one of the founders of the medical school, however was among the doctors who treated Lincoln the night he died.
The war drastically changed Georgetown, making it both more northern and more Catholic. Increasingly larger percentages of the student body came from northern cities, more populated with Catholic immigrants, while the student body had been primarily southern before the war. This dynamic is expressed in Georgetown's official school colors. In 1876, Georgetown College Boat Club, the school's rowing team, adopted blue, from the uniform of the Union Army, and gray, from the uniforms of the Confederate States military forces, as their team colors in order to signify the peaceful unity between students from the North and those from the South. Students at Georgetown Visitation wove the first blue and gray uniforms for the team. Georgetown's motto "Utraque Unum", "both into one," though used before the war, helped capture the unity spirit.
Expansion.
In 1874, Patrick Francis Healy became president of Georgetown University, becoming the first African American president of a predominantly white university. Healy's influence on Georgetown was so far-reaching that he is often referred to as the school's "second founder." He modernized the curriculum by requiring courses in the sciences, particularly chemistry and physics. Healy and his successors sought to bind the professional schools into a university, and concentrate on higher education. The most visible result of Healy's presidency was the construction of a large building begun in 1877 and first used in 1881, later named Healy Hall in his honor.
A school of law was approved by the Board of Directors in March 1870, and graduated its first students in 1872. In 1884 the "Law Department" moved to 6th and F Streets, N.W., not far from the Medical School, and then again in 1891 to 506 E Street, N.W. In 1870, Georgetown raised the raise the minimum age of enrollment at Georgetown Preparatory School from eight to twelve. This was raised again in 1894 to thirteen. As part of the focus on higher education, Georgetown Preparatory School relocated from campus in 1919 to nearby North Bethesda, Maryland, and fully separated from the University in 1927. Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School has remained attached to the university campus, and while independently run, the two occasionally share facilities.
Numerous new schools were founded during twentieth-century. The School of Foreign Service (SFS) was founded in 1919 by Edmund A. Walsh to prepare students for leadership in foreign commerce and diplomacy. The School of Languages and Linguistics was organized in 1949 and the School of Business was created out of the SFS in 1957. New developments also came to School of Medicine. In 1898, Georgetown University Hospital was first established on campus. Georgetown obtained the Washington Dental College in 1901, and integrated it with the medical school. In 1903, Georgetown University began an undergraduate medical program with the School of Nursing. A new Medical-Dental Building on Reservoir Road was completed in 1930 and classes then moved to the main campus. In 1951 the School of Dentistry separated from the School of Medicine as an independent unit of Georgetown University.
On October 4, 1966, Congress passed a bill that recognized the school's name as "Georgetown University" for the first time. The 1844 bill in effect until then had referred only to "Georgetown College", which at that point was known as the College of Arts and Sciences and was just one branch of the university. In 1970 Lauinger Library was also completed, bringing space for a rapidly growing library collection. In 1971, following the completion of the Bernard P. McDonough Hall, the law school moved to its present location at 1st and F Streets at 600 New Jersey Avenue.
Across borders.
The 1960s saw major changes in administration as well as in the student body. Female students have been admitted to the School of Medicine since 1880, to the School of Nursing since its founding, to the Graduate School since 1943, and to the School of Foreign Service since 1944. While most of the university was made available to women on a limited basis by 1952, it wasn't until the College of Arts and Sciences welcomed its first female students in the 1969–1970 academic year that Georgetown became fully coeducational.
Freshmen hazing rituals, long tolerated by the administration, were banned in 1962 after one student brought suit against the school for injuries he sustained. President Lawrence C. Gorman phased out restrictions on attendance by African Americans, and Samuel Halsey Jr. became the first black undergraduate in 1950. The Black Student Alliance was formed in 1968, and in 1969 Georgetown named the first black member of the Board of Directors since Patrick Francis Healy.
Modern Georgetown is largely a product of substantial changes during the 1980s. In 1982, the School of Foreign Service moved into its new home in the Edward B. Bunn S.J. Intercultural Center. The 1984 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship by Georgetown's men's basketball team helped make Georgetown University a household name with stars such as Patrick Ewing and Dikembe Mutombo under Coach John Thompson. Georgetown ended its bicentennial year of 1989 by electing Leo J. O'Donovan as president. He subsequently launched the Third Century Campaign to build the school's endowment. In December 2003, Georgetown completed the campaign, joining twenty other universities worldwide to raise at least in a single fund drive. The campaign supported financial aid, academic chair endowment, and new capital projects.
In 1987, the University decided to close the School of Dentistry following the class of 1990 for financial reasons, as the number of dental students dropped nationwide. Supplies and equipment from the school were sent to Pontifical Xavierian University in Bogotá, Colombia. In 1994, the School of Languages and Linguistics was folded into the College, and is now the Faculty of Languages and Linguistics. On October 7, 1998, the School of Business was renamed the McDonough School of Business in honor of alumnus Robert Emmett McDonough and in 2009, it moved into the newly constructed Rafik B. Hariri Building. In 1999 the School of Nursing added three other health related majors and appended its name to become the School of Nursing and Health Studies.
John J. DeGioia, Georgetown's first lay president, has led the school since 2001. DeGioia has continued its financial modernization and has sought to "expand opportunities for intercultural and interreligious dialogue." In October 2002, Georgetown University began studying the feasibility of opening a campus of the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service in Qatar, when the non-profit Qatar Foundation first proposed the idea. The School of Foreign Service in Qatar opened in 2005 along with four other U.S. universities in the Education City development. That same year, Georgetown began hosting a two-week workshop at Fudan University's School of International Relations and Public Affairs in Shanghai, China. This later developed into a more formal connection when Georgetown opened a liaison office at Fudan on January 12, 2008 to further collaboration.
DeGioia also founded the annual Building Bridges Seminar in 2001, which brings global religious leaders together, and is part Georgetown's effort to promote religious pluralism. In 1974, Woodstock College was refounded as the Woodstock Theological Center on Georgetown's campus. The Center for Contemporary Arab Studies was opened on September 3, 1975 with grants from Oman, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, and Mobil Oil. In 1993 the Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding was opened and after a $20 million grant from Saudi Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal in 2005, the center was renamed the "Prince Alwaleed Center for Muslim–Christian Understanding". The Berkley Center for Religion, Peace, and World Affairs was begun as an initiative in 2004, and after a grant from William R. Berkley, was launched as an independent organization in 2006. Additionally, The Center for International and Regional Studies opened in 2005 at the new Qatar campus.
Fictional depictions.
Georgetown, as a major world university, has been featured in many media over the years. The most prominent example is the 1971 horror novel, "The Exorcist", written by William Peter Blatty, who received an English degree from Georgetown in 1950. The novel is loosely based on a series of 1949 exorcisms conducted on a fourteen-year-old boy at Georgetown University Hospital, nearby Maryland, and in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1973, Blatty's bestselling novel was made into a film, also titled "The Exorcist". Like the novel, the film was set at Georgetown and filmed on campus during the fall semester in 1972. The climatic scene uses a steep staircase between Prospect Street and Canal Road, previously know popularly as the "Hitchcock Steps" for their spooky appeal. However, since the film's release they have been called the "Exorcist steps."
The 1985 "Brat Pack" film "St. Elmo's Fire" also revolved around a group of students who had just graduated from Georgetown. The bar that much of the film takes place in is based on The Tombs, a bar and restaurant known for its large student clientele and rowing decòr, located one block from Georgetown's front gates in a historic university owned house. Georgetown denied the producers the rights to film on campus, so parts of the film were shot at the nearby University of Maryland, College Park. Additionally, Georgetown University has been a destination for characters in films such as "Above the Rim", "Save the Last Dance", "Election", and "The Girl Next Door", as well as television shows such as "The Sopranos" and "The West Wing", which also filmed scenes on campus. The film "Memento" was written by Jonathan Nolan, a Georgetown alumnus, and the main character's nemesis, John G., is said to be named after John Glavin, a full professor of Victorian literature and screenwriting in Georgetown's Department of English.

</doc>
<doc id="9623058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623058" title="Augusta, Ohio">
Augusta, Ohio

Augusta is an unincorporated community in eastern Augusta Township, Carroll County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44607. It lies along State Route 9. The community is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
The village of Augusta was platted in 1811 by Jacob Brown.
Education.
Students attend the schools of the Carrollton Exempted Village School District, including Augusta Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="9623060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623060" title="Stewart, Ohio">
Stewart, Ohio

Stewart is an unincorporated community in central Rome Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 247. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45778.
History.
Stewart was laid out in 1875, at about the same time the railroad was extended to that point. It was named for D. B. Stewart, the original owner of the town site.
Geography.
Stewart is on the Hocking River, just upstream from the confluence of Federal Creek with the river. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 144 and 329.

</doc>
<doc id="9623062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623062" title="Sharpsburg, Ohio">
Sharpsburg, Ohio

Sharpsburg is an unincorporated community in northwestern Bern Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45777.
Sharpsburg is located on Sharps Run, a tributary of Federal Creek, which in turn is a tributary of the Hocking River. The main road of the community is Joy Road, at its junction with Ohio State Route 550. The Gifford State Forest is located just to the north of Sharpsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9623069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623069" title="Shade, Ohio">
Shade, Ohio

Shade is an unincorporated community in southern Lodi Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45776. It lies along U.S. Route 33.
Public services.
The old Shade school has been converted to a community center, The Shade Community Center Association (SCCA), a registered non-profit entity set up to serve the community in many ways. The SCCA offers a lending library, open to the public; potluck lunches on Thursdays; musical jam sessions; a Senior Citizens Center and many other fun and educational services.
The community itself exists mostly as it was in the late 1950s, with the relocation of the old store to a new building and new construction of homes in a rural setting only minutes from Athens.
The residents of Shade are served by the Alexander Local School District and Alexander High School. They are also served by the Athens County Public Library, with branches in Albany, Athens, Chauncey, Coolville, Glouster, Nelsonville, and The Plains.

</doc>
<doc id="9623073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623073" title="New Marshfield, Ohio">
New Marshfield, Ohio

New Marshfield is a census-designated place in central Waterloo Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 326. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45766. It is located along State Route 56 west of the county seat of Athens.
The B&O Railroad formerly passed through the community, but the line was abandoned in the 1980s.
The first post office in Marshfield, as it was then called, was established in 1859.
Education.
Public Education in the community of New Marshfield is provided by the Alexander Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Alexander Elementary School (Grades PK-5), Alexander Middle School (Grades 6-8), and Alexander High School [http://www.alexanderschools.org/high_school] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9623078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623078" title="Millfield, Ohio">
Millfield, Ohio

Millfield is a census-designated place in northern Dover Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 341. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45761. It is located near State Route 13 midway between Chauncey and Jacksonville. Route 13 formerly ran through the community, but a bypass relocated it close by.
Millfield is the home of the largest living white oak tree in the state of Ohio, located on the Ancient Oak Farm owned by the Simpkins family.
The Millfield Mine disaster, the worst mine disaster in Ohio history, occurred at Millfield in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="9623080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623080" title="Hockingport, Ohio">
Hockingport, Ohio

Hockingport is a census-designated place in southeastern Troy Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 212. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45739. It is located at the intersection of State Routes 124 and 144.
It lies on the Ohio River, located below Little Hocking and above Reedsville.
See also.
Located where the Hocking River enter the Ohio River.

</doc>
<doc id="9623084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623084" title="Guysville, Ohio">
Guysville, Ohio

Guysville is an unincorporated community in southern Rome Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45735.
The town is located on the Hocking River at the junction of U.S. Route 50 and State Route 329.
Guysville was laid out in 1836. It was named for Guy Barrows, its first postmaster.
Guysville was originally named "Savannah", and the town park and one street still bear that name.

</doc>
<doc id="9623095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623095" title="Tanjung Balau">
Tanjung Balau

Tanjung Balau is a beach town in Kota Tinggi district, Johor, Malaysia. The beach town is located near Desaru and Bandar Penawar. The Fisherman Museum is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="9623098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623098" title="Carbondale, Ohio">
Carbondale, Ohio

Carbondale is an unincorporated community in northwestern Waterloo Township, Athens County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 45717. It is located a short distance north of State Route 56.
The town is located on Carbondale Creek, which flows into Hewett Fork just below the town. Hewett Fork is a tributary of Raccoon Creek, which is a tributary of the Ohio River.
The name refers to the once-abundant coal resources in the hills and valleys surrounding the community. The first coal mines in Carbondale opened in 1867, soon after the railroad was completed to that point. The area was extensively mined, with all mines closing years ago. The community is closely hemmed in by the Zaleski State Forest, including the Enderlin Forest just west of town, which includes one of the earliest large-scale white pine plantations in the state, and features the state's champion white pine tree.
Education.
Public Education in the community of Carbondale is provided by the Alexander Local School District. Campuses serving the community include Alexander Elementary School (Grades PK-5), Alexander Middle School (Grades 6-8), and Alexander High School [http://www.alexanderschools.org/high_school] (Grades 9-12).

</doc>
<doc id="9623102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623102" title="Windsor, Ohio">
Windsor, Ohio

Windsor is an unincorporated community in eastern Windsor Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44099. It lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 322 with State Route 534.

</doc>
<doc id="9623104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623104" title="25th Utah Senate District">
25th Utah Senate District

The 25th Utah Senate District is located in Cache and Rich Counties and includes Utah House Districts 2, 3, 4, 5 and 53. The current State Senator representing the 25th district is Lyle W. Hillyard. Hillyard was elected to the Utah Senate in 1984 and is up for re-election in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9623106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623106" title="Jean Tremblay">
Jean Tremblay

Jean Tremblay (born November 29, 1948) is a politician from the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region (Quebec, Canada). Notary by profession and a businessman, he became mayor of Chicoutimi in 1997. After the municipal reorganization in Quebec, he became the first magistrate of the city of Saguenay on 1 January 2002. Its mandate is renewed in the elections of November 2005 with 72% of the vote and again in November 2009 with 78% of support. In the election of 2013 he was elected with 63% of the vote.
Biography.
Jean Tremblay obtained a law degree from Université Laval in 1974. He received his diploma in notary law from the same university in and became a member of the Chamber of Notaries of Quebec in 1975.
He became a practicing notary in Chicoutimi in 1975. In 1979, he became partner in a St-Hubert restaurant in Chicoutimi. He was also the majority shareholder in a real estate company from 1979 to 1997. He taught in the Department of Administrative Sciences University of Quebec at Chicoutimi during the 1980-1981 school year.
He was mayor of the city of Chicoutimi from 1997 to 2001. Following the municipal reorganization in Quebec, he was elected mayor of the new city of Saguenay November 25, 2001.
In 2002, he founded Promotion Saguenay. The same year he became a member of the Union of Quebec Municipalities (UMQ). He has sat on the executive committee from 2004.
In 2002, he held a referendum on the name of the new city. On April 12, 13 and 14, citizens chose between two proposed names, Chicoutimi and Saguenay. Saguenay received 35,810 votes (52.23%) to Chicoutimi's, 32,399 votes (47.26%) and became the name of the new city.
In 2004, he created a city ombudsman. In 2005, he launched a case against multinationals to recover payment of taxes on private hydroelectric dams on the territory of the city. In 2006, he reaffirmed his support for reciting a prayer before City Council meetings.
In 2007, he began promoting a port of call for cruise ships in the borough of La Baie.
In April 2009, the polling firm Influence Communication, hired by "Le Journal de Quebec", published a study on the media weight of 11 mayors in Quebec. On this list, Jean Tremblay ranked third after Régis Labeaume, Mayor of Quebec, and Gérald Tremblay, Mayor of Montreal. Among the 11 mayors included in the survey, he received 7.5% of the local, national and international media coverage. 32% of this coverage concerned the regional and 26% concerned the prayer controversy.
In November 2009, Mayor Tremblay and the City of Saguenay were fined over half a million dollars by the superior court of Quebec, to be paid to the former general manager of the city, Bertrand Girard. It his verdict, Judge Yves Alain harshly criticized Mayor Tremblay and said his testimony was rife with hesitations and contradictions, even going as far as describing certain parts as "pure science fiction". Judge Alain said none of the motives given by the mayor in his decision to fire Girard were valid and said that in his opinion they were simply false pretenses to hide the mayor's animosity towards the former city employee.
Mayor Jean Tremblay has been an ardent supporter of the merger of seven municipalities (Chicoutimi, Jonquière, La Baie, Laterrière, a portion of the territory of Canton-Tremblay, Lac Kénogami and Shipshaw) into the new city of Saguenay. It was to this effect that he issued a document entitled "Le courage de changer les choses" to explain the benefits of creating the new city of Saguenay and gain support for this measure.
He was the first mayor of a major Quebec city to implement a new form of municipal management called « Gestion par activités » (City Stat Performance Strategy). The implementation of this new model has enabled Saguenay to make substantial cost savings and improve the efficiency of municipal services. He has presented this strategy on many occasions to other municipalities.
Prayer of the City Council.
In September 2006, Christian Joncas and Alain Simoneau, two activists from the Coalition of Citizens of Saguenay, file a complaint to the Commission on Human Rights and Youth Rights (CDPDJ) against Mayor Jean Tremblay, for reciting a short prayer at the beginning of each meeting of City Council. Adapted from a tradition of the ancient city of Chicoutimi, municipal prayer reads:
"Almighty God, we thank you for the great blessings which You have given to Saguenay and its citizens, including freedom, opportunities for development and peace. Guide us in our deliberations as a member of City Council and help us to well aware of our duties and responsibilities. Grant us wisdom, knowledge and understanding that will preserve the benefits enjoyed by our city for all to enjoy and we can make wise decisions. Amen "
- Please municipal Saguenay, Prayer to the board: the floor to Simoneau Despite the complaint, the City Council decides to maintain the recitation of the prayer. In October of that year and following an investigation by the Commission on Human Rights, a mediation session is held between the parties to find a satisfactory arrangement. As a result of this mediation, Christian Joncas withdraws the complaint. On September 20, 2007, Jean Tremblay has the name of Ville Saguenay, a paper entitled Memory of reasonable accommodation to the Bouchard-Taylor Commission during the passage of the latter in Saguenay. It defends the place of the Catholic religion in public in Quebec. The submission raises various reactions. In February 2011, the Court of Human Rights ordered the Quebec Jean Tremblay and city of Saguenay to stop reciting the prayer to the city council to remove the religious symbols of the boardroom and to pay 30 000 CAD as punitive damages and moral Alain Simoneau. The mayor expressed his intention to appeal, the municipal use to launch a fundraising campaign, collects about 60 000 CAD and claims to be ready to go to the Supreme Court if necessary. The file is a national issue and the mayor is a strong media coverage. He gives interviews in English Canada, the United States and Europe with various news organizations including CBC News, Agence France-Presse, "The Cross" and Sun Media. In late March, the appellate court authorizes the Mayor and City Saguenay to appeal the decision. "[... This battle, I do it because I love Christ. When I reach the other side, I can be a little proud. I will say, "I fought for you, I even went on trial for you. »» - Jean Tremblay, The Voice of the East On July 12, 2011, The Canadian Press says the mayor's fundraising campaign has raised $181,000, compared to the fundraiser launched by the MLQ which has received $25,000. In late March, the Court of Appeal authorizes the Mayor and City Saguenay to appeal the decision. The hearing will be held Monday, November 26, 2012 in Quebec before Judge France Thibault.
Media relations.
Jean Tremblay made numerous appearances on regional television stations and provincial governments. He was host of a television series shown on Channel Community Saguenay Canal Vox. He was invited on the occasion of the national networks like LCN to discuss various topics. In April 2009, the firm Influence Communication, initiated by "Le Journal de Quebec", published a study on media weight of 11 mayors of Quebec. On this list, Jean Tremblay ranks third after Régis Labeaume, Mayor of Quebec, and Gérald Tremblay, Mayor of Montreal. Of the 11 mayors surveyed, the first magistrate of Saguenay gets a percentage of media coverage locally, nationally and internationally valued at 7.5%.
In October 2010, the regional Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean of the Federation of Professional Journalists of Québec publishes a black file on the municipal information in Saguenay where eight journalists from different media reports of intimidation, customization records, and accused the city administration and Jean Tremblay to threaten the freedom of the press. The next day, the mayor says he does not apologize or take seriously the accusations of journalists.
"The black file, it does not bother me too much. I think it's ridiculous. They would do it on any mayor, anyone. [...] My job is not to satisfy the journalists is to satisfy the citizens. " - Jean Tremblay, Jean Tremblay responds to record black
The same year, Jean Tremblay imagines a new way to inform citizens by creating the interactive site Villeenaction.com. The new city are presented in the form of capsules informative videos, hyperlinks and e-mail and also uses social networks like Facebook and Twitter. Since October 2012 Jean Tremblay is now on Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="9623111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623111" title="Williamsfield, Ohio">
Williamsfield, Ohio

Williamsfield is an unincorporated community in central Williamsfield Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44093. It lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 322 with State Route 7.

</doc>
<doc id="9623116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623116" title="Alexandria, Ontario railway station">
Alexandria, Ontario railway station

Alexandria railway station is located on McDougald Street in the town of Alexandria, Ontario, Canada. It is an intermediate stop for all trains on the Via Rail Ottawa-Montreal line.
The station is staffed, has a wheelchair-accessible shelter and fifteen outdfoor parking spaces.

</doc>
<doc id="9623117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623117" title="Unionville, Ohio">
Unionville, Ohio

Unionville is an unincorporated community on the line between northwestern Harpersfield Township in Ashtabula County and eastern Madison Township in Lake County in the U.S. state of Ohio. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44088. It lies along State Route 84.
Unionville is the site of the land office of the Connecticut Western Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="9623120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623120" title="Pierpont, Ohio">
Pierpont, Ohio

Pierpont is an unincorporated community in central Pierpont Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44082. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 7 and 167.

</doc>
<doc id="9623122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623122" title="Kingsville, Ohio">
Kingsville, Ohio

Kingsville is a census-designated place in central Kingsville Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44048. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 84 and 193 less than one mile northwest of Interstate 90.
Trivia.
Kingsville was a location used for the filming of "The Dark Secret of Harvest Home".
Kingsville is the setting for Stewart O'Nan's book "Songs for the Missing".
Among the notable people born in Kingsville was Civil War general Jasper A. Maltby.

</doc>
<doc id="9623125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623125" title="Dorset, Ohio">
Dorset, Ohio

Dorset is an unincorporated community in central Dorset Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44032. It lies along State Route 193.

</doc>
<doc id="9623130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623130" title="Austinburg, Ohio">
Austinburg, Ohio

Austinburg is a census-designated place in northern Austinburg Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44010. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 45 and 307. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 516, out of a total population of 2,197 in Austinburg Township.

</doc>
<doc id="9623146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623146" title="Gary L. Tooker">
Gary L. Tooker

Gary L. Tooker was the CEO of Motorola from 1993 to 1995. He became CEO after George M. C. Fisher left for Eastman Kodak. Prior to becoming CEO, Tooker was president and chief operating officer. After becoming CEO, Christopher Galvin became the chief operating officer in place of Tooker until 1995, when he replaced Tooker as CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="9623147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623147" title="Te Tipua">
Te Tipua

Te Tipua is a locality in the eastern Southland Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is west of the nearest town, Mataura, and northeast of Southland's major centre, Invercargill. New Zealand State Highway 96 passes through Te Tipua as it runs between Waitane and its junction with State Highway 1 on the southern side of Mataura.
The main economic activities in the area relate to agriculture. Te Tipua contains a small primary school that serves students from the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="9623168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623168" title="Halau hula">
Halau hula

A hālau hula is a school in which the ancient Hawaiian dance form called hula is taught. The term comes from "hālau," a workshed, and "hula," the traditional dance of the Hawaiian Islands. Prior to European contact, the Hawaiian language had no word for "school," as children learned from their parents, aunts, uncles, and elders. Children who showed promise in a specialized art or craft would be apprenticed to a master and work in the master's "hālau." School, as a specialized place of instruction, did not exist in Hawai`i prior to the arrival of Christian missionaries.
In ancient times, students joining a hālau hula would be dedicated solely to the study of hula for the duration of their training. Their families would provide maintenance for the support of the hālau. Today, students have set hours for study at the hālau, and often pay monthly dues to help the "kumu", roughly "headmaster" of the hālau with support and maintenance.
There is great variation between hālau. Some focus primarily on ancient styles of hula, others on modern styles, and some study both. Some hālau continue to preserve very strict "kapu", sacred protocols, while others are "noa", or free of kapu. The styles of hula taught in different hālau also can vary greatly. Styles are passed down from kumu to "haumana", and knowledgeable students of hula can tell which hula lineage is represented by watching the dancer's presentation.
Location of hālau also can vary widely, from the garage of the kumu's home to community centers to the lawns of parks, hālau hula can be found dancing wherever there is space and interested students.
Internal Structure of Hālau Hula.
Internal structure of hālau also can vary quite a bit, but in general a hālau hula is led by a "kumu hula". The position is roughly equivalent to that of headmaster of a private school. The kumu is responsible for maintaining the integrity of the style and traditions handed down by the kumu's own kumu. The kumu is responsible for the spiritual integrity of the hālau, and the kumu is responsible to instruct the students to properly care for their own physical well being by teaching good exercise, dietary, and hygienic practices through instruction and example.
The "po`o pua`a", or head student, is often the kumu's protégé, and under the direction of the kumu oversees the protocols and rituals of the hālau.
The "`alaka`i", "guides," act as teaching assistants. The more advanced `alaka`i are effectively student teachers. `Alaka`i often will assist less experienced "haumana" with their lessons, and coach them with the more difficult steps and moves.
"Kokua", helpers, assist in a variety of areas, from lei making, to helping other haumana dress, to making the phone calls, doing fund raising, and helping the `alaka`i to coach less experienced students.
"Haumana", the students, range in age from toddlers to senior citizens.
History.
In ancient times, halau hula training was strict. Haumana were put on "kapu" or forbidden rules of conduct which banned the cutting of hair and the practicing of any kind of sexual activity. Presently halau hula each have their own set of rules for their haumana. Many halau hula today still enforce the ancient kapu of cutting one's hair.
Each year, the Merrie Monarch Festival is held in Hilo, where the distinctive style of each hālau can be seen.
Curriculum.
Four basic steps are commonly used in all halau hula. The "kaholo", or travel step usually consists of four beats. This step is probably one of the most common, especially for beginning students of hula, when a "mele" or song is danced. The kaholo is often the dance step used during the "vamp," musical measures between the verses of songs. 
The "hela" is a step occupying a one beat count and requires one to point out one foot at a time in front of one's body. The foot slides forward just above, and parallel to, the ground in a graceful point.
The "`uehe" is done by lifting and setting back one foot then elevating both heels and pushing the knees forward rapidly. Depending on the style of `uehe, the knees may move straight forward or at angles of up to 45 degrees from the center line. The lifted foot alternates.
The "ami" requires the dancer to rotate his or her hips in an elliptical motion while keeping both feet firmly planted on the ground. 
Each of the steps has many variants.
All of the basic steps in hula require the shoulders to remain steady and both knees to be in a bent position at all times.
References.
www.KaaheleHawaii.com Hula Page
www.GreatLakesHula.com Essay 1
www.GreatLakesHula.com Essay 2
www.mele.com

</doc>
<doc id="9623180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623180" title="Maserati GranTurismo">
Maserati GranTurismo

The Maserati GranTurismo is a two-door 2+2 coupé produced by Maserati. It shares the platform of the Maserati Quattroporte V.
GranTurismo (2007–).
The vehicle was unveiled at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show. The GranTurismo has a drag coefficient of 0.33. The standard version has a 4.2 litre () V8 engine designed in conjunction with Ferrari with and automatic ZF gearbox six-speed transmission. The 2+2 body has been derived from the Maserati Quattroporte V, with double-wishbone front suspensions and a multilink rear suspension. The car is a GT (Grand Tourer) that emphasis comfort in harmony with speed and driver-enjoyment.
GranTurismo S (2008–2012).
The S version was unveiled in 2008 Geneva Motor show and features a 4.7 litre () V8 engine rated at 7000 rpm and at 4750 rpm, an invigorating 6-speed sequential semi-automatic transmission with transaxle layout, 47% front and 53% rear weight distribution. The standard suspension set-up is fixed-setting steel dampers, with the Skyhook adaptive suspension available as an option. It was available in the North American market only for 2009 MY.
GranTurismo MC (2009–2010).
It is a limited production car based on the GranTurismo MC Concept, but included 6-points seat-belt, fuel tank, front and rear brake disc with 6-piston front and 4-piston rear calipers, 11x18-in wheels with 305/645/18 front and 305/680/18 rear tires, carbon fiber shock absorbers.
The vehicle was unveiled in Paul Ricard circuit, in France. It went on sale in 2009-10 at Maserati Corse with MSRP of €135,000.
GranTurismo S Automatic (2009–2012).
It is a version of Maserati GranTurismo S with ZF 6-speed automatic transmission from the base model vehicle, standard Skyhook adaptive suspension, alternate under-door mini-skirts, 20 inch wheel rims with "Trident" design, standard Bluetooth wireless technology and iPod interface.
The vehicle was unveiled in 2009 Geneva Motor Show.
GranTurismo MC Sport Line (2009–).
It is a customization programme based on the works on GranTurismo MC Concept. Changes include front and rear carbon-fibre spoilers, carbon fibre mirror housings and door handles, 20 inch wheel rims, carbon fibre interior (steering wheel rim, paddle shifters, instrument panel, dashboard, door panels), stiffer springs, shock absorbers and anti-roll bars with custom Maserati Stability Programme software and lower height than GranTurismo S. The programme was initially offered in GranTurismo S, with the product line expanded to all GranTurismo vehicle and all Maserati vehicles in 2009. Fifteen GranTurismo MC racecars were developed, homologated for the European Cup and National Endurance Series, one of which was taken to be raced by GT motorsport organization Cool Victory in Dubai in January, 2010.
A GranTurismo S with MC Sport Line parts was unveiled in 2008 Bologna Motor Show.
GranTurismo Sport (2012–).
Replacing both the GranTurismo S and S Automatica, the Granturismo Sport was unveiled in March 2012 at the Geneva Motor Show. The revised 4.7L engine is rated .
The Sport features a unique, MC Stradale inspired front fascia, new headlights and new, sportier steering wheel and seats. The ZF six-speed automatic gearbox is now standard, while the six-speed sequential transaxle is available as an option. The latter has steering wheel-mounted paddle shifters, a feature that’s optional with the automatic gearbox.
GranTurismo MC Stradale (2011–) Limited Production.
In September 2010, Maserati released that they will be officially showing a new version of the GranTurismo - the MC Stradale - at the 2010 Paris Motor Show. The strictly two-seat MC Stradale is more powerful (), Friction reduction accounts for the increase, says Maserati, thanks to the strategic use of “diamond-like coating,” an antifriction technology derived from Formula 1, on wear parts such as the cams and followers. It's also 110 kg lighter(1670 kg dry weight) from the Granturismo, and more aerodynamic than any previous GranTurismo model - all with the same fuel consumption as the regular GranTurismo. In addition to two slits in the bonnet, the MC Stradale also receives a new front splitter and rear air dam for better aerodynamics, downforce, and improved cooling of carbon ceramic brakes and engine. The body modifications make the car longer.
The MC Race Shift 6-speed robotised manual gearbox (which shares its electronics and some of its hardware from the Ferrari 599GTO) usually operates in an "auto" mode, but the driver can switch this to 'sport' or 'race' (shifts in 60 milliseconds in 'race' mode), which affects gearbox operations, suspension, traction control, and even the sound of the engine. The MC Stradale is the first GranTurismo to break the 300 km/h barrier, with a claimed top speed of .
The MC Stradale’s suspension is eight per cent stiffer and the car rides slightly lower than the GranTurismo S following feedback from racing drivers who appreciated the better grip and intuitive driving feel of the lower profile. Pirelli has custom-designed extra-wide 20-inch PZero Corsa tyres to fit new flow-formed alloy wheels.
The Brembo braking system with carbon ceramic discs weighs around 60% less than the traditional system with steel discs. The front is equipped with 380 x 34mm ventilated discs, operated by a powerful 6 piston caliper. The rear discs measure 360 x 32mm with a four piston caliper. The stopping distance is just 33 metres at 100 km/hr with an average deceleration of 1.2g.
At the 2013 Geneva Motor Show a new GranTurismo MC Stradale will debut. It will feature a 4.7 litre, 460 HP V8 engine as well as the MC Race Shift 6-speed robotised manual gearbox which will shift in 60 milliseconds in 'race' mode. The Top Speed is at 188 mph (303 kmh). It will be built at the historic factory in viale Ciro Menotti in Modena.
The push for the Maserati GranTurismo MC Stradale came from existing Maserati customers who wanted a road-legal super sports car that looked and felt like the GT4, GTD and Trofeo race cars.
GranCabrio (2010–).
The GranCabrio (GranTurismo Convertible in the U.S.) is a convertible version of GranTurismo S Automatic, equipped with a canvas roof. The GranCabrio retains the 2+2 seating configuration of the coupé GranTurismo, and is thus Maserati's first four-seater convertible.
The vehicle was unveiled at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show, with production beginning in 2010. The vehicle is built in the Viale Ciro Menotti Maserati factory. European sales were to begin in February 2010, with the United States receiving its first cars a month later. Planned sales for 2010 were 2,100 units, of which two thirds were intended to go stateside.
The GranCabrio is powered by the same 4.7-litre V8 engine ( at 7,000 rpm, at 4,750 rpm) that is fitted to the GranTurismo S Automatic.
GranCabrio Sport (2011–).
At the 2011 Geneva Motor Show Maserati unveiled a new version of the GranCabrio, with an enhanced level of performance and handling. This version also has the 4.7-litre V8, coupled with the ZF six-speed automatic transmission and fitted with the slightly uprated version of the V8 engine, with torque. To hint at the car's more sporting nature, the headlights have black surrounds and other details such as the bars in the grille are also finished in black. There are also larger sideskirts as well as tiny winglets on the lower front corners.
GranCabrio Fendi (2011–).
The Fendi is a version of GranCabrio designed by Silvia Venturini Fendi.
The vehicle was unveiled in 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show.
GranCabrio MC.
Maserati Corse-style four-seater open-top is longer than GranCabrio with front end inspired directly by MC Stradale, also much improved aerodynamics compared to standard models. Power comes from 4.7 L 90° V8 delivering and of torque. Top speed is and acceleration 0–100 km/h is 4.9s. For transmission only one choice, MC Auto Sfift, 6-speed ZF automatic. Wheels are 20 inch MC Design rims. Premiere at Paris Motor Show 27 September 2012.
Specifications.
Engines.
The engines are from Ferrari/Maserati V8 family.
Transmissions.
ZF transmission includes Auto Normal Mode, Auto Sport Mode, Auto ICE Mode, Manual Mode. Auto Normal mode shifts gears automatically at low rpm to achieve the most comfortable ride and at higher rpm when driving style becomes more sporty. Auto Sport Mode changes gears 40% faster than in Normal Mode, downshifts when lifting off as a corner approaches; then it activates the stability control, stiffening Skyhook suspension, and opening exhaust valves when engine is over 3000 rpm (in GranTurismo S Automatic). Auto ICE mode reduces maximum torque at the wheel, prevents 1st gear starts, and only allows gear changes below 1000 rpm.
Sequential robotic transmission includes Manual Normal and Manual Sport, Manual Sport with MC-Shift, Auto Normal, Auto Sport, Auto ICE modes.

</doc>
<doc id="9623186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623186" title="1995 U.S. Cup">
1995 U.S. Cup

The 1995 U.S. Cup was a four nation invitational tournament organized by the United States Soccer Federation (USSF) in June 1995. USSF began the U.S. Cup in 1992 and it was played annually until 2000, except for the World Cup years of 1994 and 1998. The cup used a round-robin format in which the team with the highest number of points took the title. The four teams included the host United States, along with Mexico, Colombia and Nigeria. This was the first year that these three invited teams participated in a U.S. Cup. The U.S. won the title for the second time this year.
June 11: US vs. Nigeria.
Both teams had new coaches coming into the game. While the Nigerians had performed well at the 1994 World Cup, it was missing many of its top players from that competition while the U.S. had most of its veteran core intact. Alexi Lalas, one of the vocal leaders of the U.S. team, arrived just hours before the game after a trans-Atlantic flight from Italy. He made the last minute trip in order to play in his club side’s vital win to avoid relegation. The Nigerians showed well early, going on the attack from the opening whistle. In the 8th minute, Jay-Jay Okocha ran unmarked across the top of the box with the ball, shooting into the goal. While John Harkes countered with a long range shot of his own, the Nigerians continued to run at a shaky U.S. defense. In the 19th minute, U.S. defender Mike Burns attempted to clear shot a cross, but instead put it into the path of Taiwo Wasui to score from 8 yards. Burns redeemed himself when Marcelo Balboa, earning his 100th cap in this game, headed in a goal off his free kick just before the half. In the second half, the U.S. defense gradually came to grips with the Nigerian offense, while the U.S. began to exploit seams in the Nigerian defense. Several U.S. players wasted good opportunities until Cobi Jones scored off an Earnie Stewart feed in the 87th minute. The Nigerians continued to press for the tying goal and almost had it, but Lalas cleared a shot off the goal line.
United States: Brad Friedel, Brian Bliss (Alexi Lalas 46'), Mike Burns, Thomas Dooley, Mike Sorber, Marcelo Balboa, Paul Caligiuri, Frank Klopas, John Harkes, Roy Wegerle (Cobi Jones 46'), Ernie Stewart (Jovan Kirovski 71')
Nigeria: Peter Rufai, Benedict Iroha, Bawa Abdullahi, Chidi Nwanu, Godwin Okpara, Austin Okocha, John Zaki (Chukwu Ndukwe 55'), Ajibade Babalade (Uchenna Okafor 66'), Edema Fuludu (Taiwo Enegwa 55'), Samson Siasia, Taiwo Wasui
June 17: Colombia vs. Nigeria.
Colombia: Miguel Ángel Calero, Diego Osorio, Alexander Fernandez, Jorge Bermúdez, José Fernando Santa, Harold Lozano, Luis Quiñónez, Bonner Mosquera, Hermán Gaviria, Freddy Rincón, Carlos Valderrama, Freddy Leon, Faustino Asprilla, Gabriel Jaime Gómez
Nigeria: Peter Rufai (HT. Ike Sorounmu), Abdullahi, Chidi Nwanu, Godwin Okpara, Benedict Iroha (Okpara 72’), Uche Okafor, George Fuludu, Enegwea, Jonathan Akpoborie (Taiwo Wasui 76’), Chukwu Nduke (Zaki 90’), Samson Siasia
June 18: US vs. Mexico.
Against a full Mexican team featuring Jorge Campos, Luis Hernández and Carlos Hermosillo, the game turned into the “Claudio Reyna International Soccer Coming Out Party,” as the then 22-year-old midfielder scored a goal and added two beautiful assists to lead the United States to their first official blowout of Mexico.
United States: Kasey Keller, Mike Burns, Marcelo Balboa, Alexi Lalas, Paul Caligiuri, Thomas Dooley, Mike Sorber, John Harkes, Eric Wynalda (John Kerr 71'), Roy Wegerle (Cobi Jones 20'), Claudio Reyna (Tab Ramos 71')
Mexico: Jorge Campos, Jorge Rodríguez (Missael Espinoza 68'), Guillermo Hernández (Gerardo Esquivel 46'), Manuel Vidrio, Ramón Ramírez, Ignacio Ambríz, Marcelino Bernal, Alberto García Aspe (Alberto Coyote 86'), Luis García, Carlos Hermosillo, Luis Robert Alves (Joaquín del Olmo 73')
June 21: Mexico vs. Colombia.
Mexico: Jorge Campos, Jorge Rodriguez, Claudio Suarez, Manuel Vidrio, Ramon Ramírez (Joaquin del Olmo 70’), Ignacio Ambriz, Marcelino Bernal, Alberto Garcia Aspe (Manuel Martinez 83’), Benjamin Galindo (Alberto Coyote 71’), Luis Garcia, Carlos Hermosillo (Luis Alves Zague 45’)
Colombia: René Higuita, Alexis Mendoza, Wilmer Cabrera, Diego Osorio, Giovannis Cassiani, Hermán Gaviria, Leonel Álvarez, Carlos Valderrama ("captain"), Harold Lozano, Freddy Rincón, Luis Quiñónez, Niver Arboleda, Faustino Asprilla, Freddy Leon
June 24: Mexico vs. Nigeria.
Mexico: Jorge Campos, Claudio Suarez, Perales, Ramon Ramirez (Missael Espinoza 46’), Jorge Rodriguez, Ignacio Ambriz, Marcelino Bernal, Alberto Garcia Aspe (Alberto Coyote 69’), Carlos Hermosillo (Luis Garcia 46’), Joaguin del Olmo, Luis Alves Zague
Nigeria: Ike Sorounmu, Benedict Iroha (Godwin Okpara 67’), Chidi Nwanu, Uche Okafor, Jonathan Akpoborie, George Fuludu, Chukwu Ndukwe (Imenger 46’) (Taiwo Wasui 87’), Enegwea, Samson Siasia
June 25: US vs. Colombia.
In a 0-0 tie with Colombia, the U.S. took its second U.S. Cup title. In the first game against Nigeria, a Mike Burns error led to the second Nigerian goal. Today, he headed clear an injury time shot from the goal line to preserve the tie. 
United States: Brad Friedel, Marcelo Balboa, Alexi Lalas, Mike Burns, Paul Caligiuri (Brian Bliss 86'), Thomas Dooley ("captain") (Chris Henderson 66'), Mike Sorber, John Harkes, Eric Wynalda, Claudio Reyna (Jovan Kirovski 64'), Frank Klopas (Cobi Jones 51')
Colombia: René Higuita, José Santa, Alex Fernández (Alexis Mendoza 46'), Jorge Bermúdez, Wilmer Cabrera, Leonel Álvarez, Bonner Mosquera (Hermán Gaviria 46'), Carlos Valderrama ("captain"), Freddy Rincón, Níver Arboleda (Luis Quinonez 73'), John Jairo Gómez (Freddy León 58')
Champion.
<br>
Scorers.
Two Goals
One Goal

</doc>
<doc id="9623189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623189" title="Father Lamson">
Father Lamson

Father Silas Lamson was a 19th-century American eccentric who would appear at abolitionist meetings, in a long white beard and white robe, and carrying a large scythe, in the fashion of Death or Father Time. One account of an abolitionist meeting includes this anecdote:
Another account reads:
When Father Lamson appeared in a reform convention, it was a serious matter. He was serenely proof against all blandishments and threats. In a world of free speech he meant to have his say, and at such length and in such phrase as the spirit might move, and the experienced knew what length and what phrase the spirit would move. It was generally necessary to remove Father Lamson. But who would bell the cat? He had great solemnity of visage and a long white beard, and when a pair of the young and stalwart brethren, an impromptu police, approached him to assist his orderly and peaceful departure, he lay down deliberately, and could be voided from the meeting only by being borne out at length. This was among the humors of anniversary week, although Father Lamson’s avatar was usually in Boston. How readily might the wicked reporter, to whom he was a boon, as he muses upon the storms and passions and humors and results of those old days, smile ruefully as he recalls that figure of old Father Time…
Silas Lamson invented the curved scythe snath.

</doc>
<doc id="9623204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623204" title="Miles Gorrell">
Miles Gorrell

Miles Gorrell (born October 16, 1955 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former all star offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League. The five-time divisional All-Star and two-time Outstanding Lineman finalist sits fourth in the record books for games played (321) from 1978 to 1996 for the Calgary Stampeders, Ottawa Rough Riders, Montreal Concordes, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He won one Grey Cup with Hamilton and played in two more with Winnipeg. He was a 5-time CFL Eastern Division All-Star and a 2-time CFL Outstanding Lineman finalist.
On February 21, 2013 the Canadian Football Hall of Fame announced that he would be in their class of inductees in September 2013.
Gorrell played football at Henry Wise Wood Senior High School in Calgary and went on to a 1975 Vanier Cup win during his playing years with the University of Ottawa. The Gee-Gees Miles Gorrell Award for Best Lineman is named in his honour.
From 2005-2010, Gorrell served as a Player Personnel Assistant & Director of Canadian Scouting with the Toronto Argonauts. He lived in Calgary with his wife Suzanne, and his daughters Veronica and Victoria until 2008. In the Summer of 2008, Gorrell and his family moved to Toronto, Ontario 

</doc>
<doc id="9623211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623211" title="Ignatius Ghattas">
Ignatius Ghattas

Ignatius Ghattas (25 December 1920 — 11 October 1992) was a bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. He served as Eparch of Newton from 1990 until his death.
Bishop Ghattas was born in Nazareth in 1920 and raised in Maaloul. He entered Holy Saviour monastery in Saida, Lebanon following his primary education and professed his religious vows in 1939. He was ordained a priest of the Basilian Salvatorian Order in 1946. Following his ordination he taught Greek, Latin, English, French and mathematics.
In 1952, he went to the United States to serve as assistant pastor of St. Elias parish in Cleveland, Ohio, and was appointed pastor in 1955. Later he was elected bishop by the Holy Synod of the Melkite Church in July 1989 and approved by the Holy See on December 11. He was consecrated bishop on February 23, 1990, succeeding Archbishop Joseph Tawil as eparch.
He died in Cleveland, Ohio in 1992, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="9623219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623219" title="Eye for an eye (disambiguation)">
Eye for an eye (disambiguation)

An eye for an eye is a quotation from Exodus 21:23–27, expressing a principle of retributive justice. Eye for an Eye may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9623252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623252" title="Coteau railway station">
Coteau railway station

The Coteau railway station is located on Daoust Street in the town of Les Coteaux, Quebec, Canada. It is an optional stop on the Via Rail Ottawa-Montreal line.
The station is staffed and is wheelchair-accessible shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="9623258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623258" title="New Orleans Police Department">
New Orleans Police Department

The New Orleans Police Department (NOPD) has primary responsibility for law enforcement in New Orleans, Louisiana. The department's jurisdiction covers all of Orleans Parish, while the city is divided into eight police districts.
On May 11, 2010, Ronal W. Serpas, Ph.D. was sworn in at Gallier Hall by Mayor Mitch Landrieu as the new Superintendent of the New Orleans Police Department.
Bureaus and Command Staff.
The NOPD is divided into five bureaus, each commanded by a deputy superintendent who reports to the superintendent of police:
In the absence of the superintendent, the Deputy Superintendent of Field Operations will command the department.
Districts.
The NOPD is divided into eight police districts, each of which is commanded by a Police Commander:
There are several units within each district, including Uniform Patrol, District Investigative Unit-Property Crimes, District Investigative Unit-Person Crimes, Task Force and Quality of Life Unit.
History.
Colonial period.
After New Orleans was founded by French colonists in 1718, the policing of the city was done by military forces. These were alternating French, Spanish and French under differing governmental rule. The formation of the New Orleans Police Department was first recorded in 1796, during the administration of the Spanish Colonial Governor, Baron Francisco Luis Hector de Carondelet. The account said, "Crime had reached such proportions by the mid-1790s that a full-time city police force was required." On February 29, 1803, Mayor Etienne De Bore held the first Council Session and appointed a committee to inspect prisons and formulate rules and police regulations. Pierre Achille Rivery was appointed as Commissioner General of Police and placed in command of twenty-five men. After numerous complaints, these men were dismissed. 
The council authorized the hiring of free people of color, who were to be commanded by white officers. During French and Spanish years, a relatively large class of free people of color had developed in New Orleans, many of whom had become educated and property owners. Of mixed race, they had become established as a distinct class in the society, between the ethnic European residents and the mass of mostly African slaves in the region.
Pre-Civil War.
New Orleans became a part of the United States on December 20, 1803 by virtue of the Louisiana Purchase. In 1804 a patrol militia was organized under James Pitot, the Mayor of New Orleans. The Guard de Ville (City Watch/City Guard) followed in 1806 but was abolished in 1808, and militia patrols were again established. By 1817, with the growth of the city, the number of constables was increased. For the first time the city was divided into police districts - French Quarter, Faubourg's Treme, St. Mary and Marigny - and a Guard House was placed in each district.
In the 1820s and 1830s, denouncements were made of the police force. The crime situation had become so desperate that each district formed "vigilance committees" to help increase the efficiency of the police. Because of government mismanagement, in 1836 the city was divided into three municipalities with separate powers. The First was bordered by Canal Street and Esplanade Avenue. The Second began at Canal Street and went upriver to the parish line. The Third was down river from Esplanade Avenue. Under the charter, there were three separate police departments.
In 1852 a new mayor completely reorganized the police system and consolidated the three municipalities. John Youenes, the newly named Chief of Police, had a force of twelve officers and 345 policemen. The salary of the Chief at this time was $2,000 annually. In 1855, when the Council again reorganized the management power, there was the first mention of the "Croissant" badge. It was stated the city could not meet the expense of uniforms, but officers continued to wear the crescent badge. When the Municipal Elections in 1856 were once again marred by fraud and violence, the Mayor ordered the police to walk their beats unarmed, and most resigned. Again a reorganization of the police force was called for in 1858, and the new Mayor proposed to upgrade the police department by raising their pay and moving them to politics. Although the reorganization was defeated, better policemen were selected and the discipline was stricter. Also, a telegraph system connecting police stations was introduced and a rogue's gallery was established.
Civil War & Reconstruction.
The outbreak of the Civil War interrupted progress that the police force had begun to make. New Orleans was captured in 1862, and General Benjmain F. Butler suspended civil government and established martial law with military police and a provost marshal. Also that year the Mayor was replaced by Colonel George F. Shepley, who named Captain Jonas H. French as the Chief of Police. Major Joseph M. Bell was named to head the military courts, which tried all violations of city and federal laws. In 1865, Dr. Hu Kennedy was appointed Mayor of New Orleans and appointed M. Kavanagh as Chief of Police. Kavanagh was later replaced by Lieutenant John Barkely, who had been the Chief of the Military Police. In May 1866 President Andrew Johnson put Mayor John T. Monroe back in office, and the police department was reorganized. An ordinance was drafted specifying the number of police to be appointed, pay schedules, duties and uniform. The uniform was specified as a double-breasted orange cloth frock coat and matching pants, with variations for each rank. Also stated was, "The Chief and aids, when deemed necessary, shall wear on the left breast and outside of the coat, a metal badge in the shape of a crescent and star".
In July 1866 Republicans called for a Louisiana Constitutional Convention at the Mechanics Institute in New Orleans, as they were angered by the legislature's passage of Black Codes and failure to provide suffrage for free men of color and freedmen. Blacks marched in support of the convention, and were attacked on the street by a white mob, made up of ex-Confederate veterans. This was later called the New Orleans Riot of 1866. The mob killed 34 black citizens and three white Republicans; estimates of wounded ranged from 48 to more than 100, mostly black. The riot "stemmed from deeply rooted political, social, and economic causes," and took place in part because of the battle "between two opposing factions for power and office." The governor called in federal troops to restore order. The riots in New Orleans and Memphis that year contributed to Congressional passage of Reconstruction legislation and domination of the state by military forces for several years.
The Reconstruction Act of 1867 grouped Louisiana with Texas into the Fifth Military District under the U.S. Army. This Act suspended municipal elections in New Orleans, removed Monroe from office and fired the Police Chief. When military control came to an end in September 1868, the legislature under Governor Henry Clay Warmoth created the Metropolitan Police Force by combining Orleans, Jefferson and St. Bernard parishes. This tri-parish law enforcement agency lasted until the end of Reconstruction in 1877.
Violence continued in the state and city related to each election, particularly before and after the disputed gubernatorial election of 1872. Tensions continued, although the federal government had certified the Republican slate and William Kellogg as governor. In September 1874, in the so-called Battle of Liberty Place, 5,000 members of the White League entered the city in an attempted takeover of state buildings to seat John McEnery, the Democratic candidate for governor. Well-armed, they overwhelmed the 3500 members of the integrated Metropolitan police force, blacks and Republicans, and occupied the state armory and other buildings for three days. Learning that federal troops were arriving by ship, the White League forces retreated from the city. It was reported that six rioters were killed and 17 injured, while 7 Metropolitans were killed and 36 wounded. Another report of the riot gives different casualty figures.
At that time a few interested citizens volunteered to do police duty, and were known as the "Ribbon Force." Under Act 35, the Crescent City Police were organized and Thomas N. Boylan was named Chief of Police. Boylan retired in 1882; veteran Police Captain Richard B. Rowley was his replacement. In 1884 a new Mayor appointed Theodore J. Boasso as Chief of Police.
Late 19th century.
Scandal and corruption continued within the New Orleans Police Department. In the municipal elections of 1888, Joseph A. Shakspeare was again elected Mayor. This administration introduced a bill known as Act #63, which called for the election of six commissioners to reorganize and act as administrators of the Police Department. Finally, after much opposition, the Supreme Court ordered the bill to be put into effect. Police Chief David C. Hennessy, who had been previously appointed by Mayor Shakspeare, was unanimously chosen as Superintendent of Police on March 13, 1889. Superintendent Hennessy was a brave and zealous officer, and under his command the improvement was rapid and marked. Because of his devotion to duty and his fight against crime in the city, he brought upon himself the enmity of the lawless. Hennessy was assassinated on October 15, 1889, at about 11:30 p.m. as he neared his home on Basin Street after a meeting of the Police Board.
Captain John Journee was placed in temporary command of the Department by the Board of Commissioners. A monument high (8m) and 71/2 feet square (5.3 m2) was erected in tribute to the memory of the murdered chief, and unveiled on May 29, 1892. This monument now stands in Lake Lawn Metairie Cemetery. From the many applicants, the Board of Commissioners unanimously elected Dexter S. Gaster to the position of Superintendent of Police on January 21, 1891. The police force numbered 325 at this time. The story is that Superintendent Gaster was needed during an inspection of the hundreds of officers, and when he was found, his badge was re-pinned upside down with the statement, "Now you will stand out." Gaster adopted the upside-down badge, and this became the tradition for each following superintendent.
Early 20th century.
Between July 24 and July 28, 1900, a violent suspect resisted arrest and killed four police officers and wounded one.
Four years later the department was reorganized in line with Act 32 of the Legislature. On July 27, 1904, the mayor was placed in authority of the force with the power to appoint two commissioners and an inspector of police. This Act abolished the title of superintendent. Superintendent Journee was elected as the new Inspector of Police and served until June 2, 1905, when E. S. Whitaker was elected. Inspector Whitaker held this position until January 2, 1908, when William J. O'Connor was elected, and he served until his death on November 29, 1910. He was succeeded by Senior Captain John P. Boyle, who acted as Inspector of Police until February 10, 1911. The board met that day and elected James W. Reynolds to the post. Reynolds had joined the police department in 1893 as a supernumerary clerk and, through perseverance, fair dealing and uncompromising honesty, had become the chief of detectives.
Mechanization of the NOPD began under Inspector Reynolds. The first units were one motor patrol wagon and four motorcycles. The other units consisted of seven horsedrawn patrol wagons, one runabout, two buggies and fifty-five horses. There were 399 paid members of the police department as of January 1, 1912, and by the end of 1915 there were 520 policemen, 126 of whom were listed as supernumeraries. One of Inspector Reynolds's many accomplishments was to organize a vice squad specially charged to stamp out street solicitations. Reynolds was at the height of his career when he was killed by a suspended officer on August 2, 1917. Senior Captain John P. Boyle took over the reins of the department until Frank T. Mooney was selected. Mooney further motorized the force and started a system of records. In December 1920 Guy Molony was appointed superintendent of police, fresh from the service as an army colonel and recognized as a professional soldier. At the time he took office there were only five precinct captains, with the other seven being commanded by a sergeant. He succeeded in having each station placed under the command of a captain. By 1922 the department was operating 33 automobiles and 21 motorcycles, and was beginning to concern itself with a newborn problem - vehicular traffic in the commercial district. That same year that the nucleus of the present Juvenile Bureau was formed with the employment of a policewoman and a protective officer. Also in 1922 the department was nationally recognized as the only one in the nation thoroughly equipped for first aid in all of its bureaus and precincts. As well, tear gas was introduced as a new weapon which had been successfully tested in the First World War. A retiring grand jury of 1925 described Colonel Molony's administration as one of the best in the history of the New Orleans Police Department. Thomas Healy replaced Colonel Molony as superintendent in 1925. His "100 miles per hour police service" was attained on August 18, 1926 with the acquisition of five armored motorcycles, capable of developing speeds of .
Captain Theodore Ray succeeded Superintendent Healy on January 1, 1929. Into his lap fell a series of bombings, dynamiting, fights, shootings and assaults, all associated with a serious streetcar strike. In addition to this situation, the force was pressed to continue its crusade against slot machines, vice and other forms of gambling. Colonel Hu B. Myers became the head of the Police Department when Superintendent Ray resigned on May 5, 1930. On April 1, 1931, Night Supervisor George Reyer was elevated to a new post created by the Police Board as Chief of Police. Police Headquarters was moved from Tulane Avenue and Saratoga Street to the new Criminal Courts Building located at Tulane Avenue and South Broad Street. New procedures were set up, including a program of physical training in a well-equipped gymnasium. A new police showup room began operation on October 7, 1931. George Reyer became acting Superintendent when Colonel Myers resigned on November 11, and the Chief's job was abolished.
Superintendent Reyer had an eye towards modernization, and plans were made for a radio station and an up-to-date communications center. Radio station WPEK began broadcasting information to cruising vehicles on May 14, 1932. Although there were no two-way sets, the system proved effective in that it eliminated minutes in having a unit proceed to the scene of a serious offense.
Mid-1900s.
During 1946 the Police Board was abolished, its functions transferred to the mayor, and an advisory board of three members was formed. Colonel Watters was able to raise the unreasonably low police salaries and also grant police one rest day each week in addition to 15 days of annual furlough. (The furlough was later raised to 21 days a year.) In the summer of 1947, the Police Emergency Unit was organized. This later became the New Orleans Emergency Medical Services. Superintendent Scheuering relocated the Juvenile-Bicycle Division from Headquarters to 2552 St. Philip Street. "Our Beat" was the title given to the very first publication of the New Orleans Police Department. The first issue - Vol. 1, No.1 - was issued on October 20, 1949. The Police Bureau of Investigation was formed on August 4, 1954, and three special investigators were appointed for the purpose of handling all cases involving allegations against police personnel.
On August 15, 1960, Chief Giarrusso instituted a cadet program and opened ways for in-service officers to further their education and secure a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Criminology at Loyola University. A National Crime Information Center (NCIC) was established to connect the City of New Orleans with 46 other state agencies throughout the United States. In 1964 the Department received a new look; both new and old police cars were painted a soft blue and white, and an ordinance provided distinctive flashing blue lights. This made it easy for the public to recognize police vehicles as opposed to other types of emergency services. Giarrusso recognized the need for better communication between the police and the public, and the Community Relations Division was formed on September 15, 1966. In June 1968, when the Police Administration Building was completed, headquarters moved there from the Criminal Courts Building where they had been housed jointly with Criminal Courts since 1931.
Late 20th century.
When Moon Landrieu became mayor in 1970, he appointed 21-year veteran Clarence B. Giarrusso as Superintendent of Police to succeed his brother, who had retired, on August 25, 1970. He chose retired Captain Louis J. Sirgo as Deputy Superintendent and Captain Sidney H. Cates as Deputy Chief for Administration. In February 1971 the Urban Squad was implemented to concentrate in densely populated low-income housing areas which had a marked impact on criminal activity. The Felony Action Squad was formed in September 1972 for the specific purpose of armed robbery prevention in areas of actual and/or predicted high criminal activity. Also at this time, the Alcohol Safety Action Division was formed in an effort to reduce alcohol-related auto accidents.
One of the greatest setbacks ever to befall the NOPD began on December 31, 1972, when the first of a series of snipings and gun battles began between a lone gunman identified as Mark Essex and members of the department. Essex was finally traced on Sunday, January 7, 1973 to the downtown Howard Johnson, where murders were committed. At 8:50 P.M. when a military helicopter occupied by police riflemen was on its third flight over the roof, Essex ran from a concrete cubicle firing at the helicopter and was shot. However, extreme caution was still exercised due to reports from several observation points that a second subject had also been seen. Finally, police officers entered the roof area from all sides about 2:00 P.M. on Monday, January 8, but no other person was found. A systematic search of the entire area of the motel also proved negative. The personnel losses to the NOPD were the deaths of Deputy Superintendent Louis J. Sirgo, Patrolmen Paul Persigo and Philip Coleman, K-9 Officer Edwin Hosli and Cadet Alfred Harrell. Numerous other officers and civilians were wounded in the incidents.
Major Anthony D. Duke, a 27-year veteran, accepted the position of deputy superintendent after the death of Chief Sirgo. Chief Duke supervised the affairs of the Department from March through September 1976, while Chief Giarrusso recuperated from an illness. In December Chief Giarrusso was one of 21 chiefs from major cities to complete the FBI’s first National Executive Institute in Quantico, Virginia.
Construction was begun in 1977 on a much-needed addition to the Headquarters Building for the expansion of several divisions and the integration of a computerized communications system. When the building was first constructed in 1968, provisions had been made to enlarge it without major structural alterations.
Ernest N. Morial took over the reins of the city from Moon Landrieu on May 1, 1978. Morial appointed a citizens' committee to interview applicants for the position of superintendent of police and asked Giarrusso to remain until a new chief was selected. Giarrusso was praised as an innovative chief whose entire administration was geared towards the implementation of programs in crime prevention and law enforcement, many of which were adopted by other law enforcement agencies throughout the nation.
James C. Parson, a native and former police chief of Birmingham, Alabama selected from over 110 applicants, was sworn in as superintendent on June 12. He soon announced a new look by changing the color of police vehicles to a darker shade of blue under a white top, accented by red and blue flashing lights, luminous decals and high-intensity alley lights. New protections screens were added to improve visibility and to provide maximum safety for officers and prisoners. Parson's command was soon beset with problems, starting in 1979 with dissension over the city’s offered pay plan for diminishing many benefits, including slashing both annual and sick leave. After a walkout and with Mardi Gras being canceled in Orleans Parish during a sixteen-day strike, benefits were then restored with the new stipulation only for new hires.
Tragedy again befell the department on November 8, 1980, when Fourth District Officer Gregory Neupert was found mortally wounded in Algiers. After a deadly confrontation between the alleged slayers and police, Superintendent Parson resigned on November 24 amid a groundswell of protests by various groups, and Deputy Superintendent Henry M. Morris was placed in charge on an interim basis. In assuming leadership, Morris felt that the manpower shortage was his number one priority. Although he felt narcotics was the cause of the majority of crimes, he had to reassign officers from specialized units to the districts in order to keep up with the calls for service. Mayor Morial announced in January 1981 a new hot line program entitled Taxis on Patrol. Drivers of the city’s 1200 radio-dispatched taxicabs would alert police to crimes and suspicious situations. The program of appointing civilian personnel to specialized jobs was expanded, thus allowing additional police officers to be assigned to line functions. A program entitled "Teleserv" was initiated in which citizen volunteers assisted in handling minor complaints over the telephone, also freeing more field officers.
On April 16, 1981 Mayor Morial announced the appointment of Morris as Superintendent of Police and Warren Woodfork Sr. as his replacement. Continuing to address negative press and public criticism, Morris made extensive revisions in the police academy curriculum providing training in human relations and cultural sensitivity. Having increased the number of officers assigned to patrol, he then nearly doubled the Narcotics Squad and promoted thirty officers as field training officers. These promotions were the beginning of the Police Officer I - IV program designed to recognize and compensate officers based on their training experience. The Central Lockup and the House of Detention were transferred to the Criminal Sheriff in December 1982, thus saving the city $1 million. Also in December, the "Old" Eighth District was merged into the Third Police District and both the Urban and Felony Action Squads were disbanded. In August 1983, the only NOPD substation was opened on Peltier Street in eastern New Orleans to assist residents from southeast Asia. As 1984 began, significant improvements were noted in training, narcotics enforcement and crime prevention.
Warren G. Woodfork was appointed Superintendent on January 20, 1985 by Mayor Morial when Morris retired. (Woodfork was the first police chief to break the tradition of wearing the upside-down badge.) Woodfork chose Yvonne Bechet as a deputy chief, making her the first female ever to receive such a promotion. He later assigned Lieutenant Carol Hewlett to command the Seventh Police District; she was the first female to command a district. On April 9, 1986, Mayor-Elect Sidney Barthelemy announced that he would reappoint Woodfork.
In February 1987, Woodfork reassigned Hewlett to command the Narcotics Drug Abuse Unit. Again she became the first female to command this unit. Throughout his administration Woodfork sought creative programs and concepts to target the juvenile crime problem and the growing level of violence. It was felt that education, music and sports were the three most important ingredients needed to lead young people away from crime. Through the DARE (Drug Abuse Resistance Education) program, police officers began teaching life skills in schools. A Police Youth Band was organized targeting youths aged 12 to 18, and the Police Athletic League (PALS) was created so kids could learn teamwork and other social activities.
Mayor Barthelemy announced on April 1, 1991 that Arnesta W. Taylor, Jr., a 26-year veteran, would be the new Superintendent, replacing Woodfork who had announced his retirement. He was sworn in on April 15. Taylor had served as assistant superintendent of technical services since May 1986 and Field Operations since November 1989. Joseph M. Orticke was named to replace him in field operations. (Taylor followed in Woodfork’s footsteps and also wore a regular badge.) On his first day in office, Chief Taylor increased police visibility by putting into operation a Special Task Force, in which over 60 officers and supervisors were deployed on a 24-hour basis throughout the city based on crime trends and patterns. A total of 804 arrests were made during the first eight weeks of operation, with 49% being felony arrests. This police visibility also endorsed his commitment to adopt a comprehensive version of community policing. Taylor continued the youth programs and was instrumental in creating an NOPD Boy Scout Troop.
On January 2, 1992, Chief Taylor created a new bureau entitled Management Services, with a third assistant superintendent to share the responsibilities of the Department. Taylor served until he retired effective August 1, 1993, at which time Mayor Barthelemy announced he would be replaced by Joseph M. Orticke Jr.
Orticke was sworn in as the new superintendent by Supreme Court Associate Justice Revius Ortique, Jr. in the City Hall Council Chamber on August 2, 1993. (Orticke, citing Henry Morris as his mentor, reverted to tradition and wore his badge upside down.) Orticke had been promoted through the civil service ranks to the grade of major on October 31, 1990, being the first black major in the history of the department. He was the only officer besides Henry Morris to attain the rank of major before being promoted to assistant superintendent. He also served in both technical services and field operations. Orticke’s first act was to promote Major Duane D. Johnson, a 19-year veteran, to assistant superintendent in command of technical services and Captain Mitchell S. J. Dusset, a 24-year veteran, to assistant superintendent in command of field operations. The department was restructured with some of the recommendations of the study performed by the International Association of Chiefs of Police, particularly with the concept aimed toward community policing.
Mayor-elect Marc H. Morial announced that Joseph Orticke would remain as interim superintendent until he decided on a permanent chief. Morial was sworn in as mayor on May 1, 1994. The New Orleans curfew law, one of the strictest in the nation, was implemented on June 1 with these hours: 9:00 PM to 6:00 AM Sunday through Thursday and 11:00 PM to 6:00 AM Friday and Saturday from June 1 to August 31; 8:00 PM to 6:00 AM Sunday through Thursday and 11:00 PM to 6:00 AM Friday and Saturday beginning September 1 to May 31. The curfew did precisely what it was meant to do - reduce the number of juveniles on the street after hours.
During a press conference held in Gallier Hall on October 13, 1994, Mayor Morial announced that his search for a new superintendent had resulted in the selection of Richard Pennington, an assistant chief with 26 years of experience with the Metropolitan Police Department in Washington, D.C. Mayor Morial also announced that Orticke as Major would be the Chief of Security for the New Orleans International Airport.
Chief Pennington retained assistant superintendents Mitchell S. J. Dusset in command of field operations and Duane D. Johnson as commander of technical services. The two new assistant superintendents selected were Captain Carol Hewlett to command the Management Services Bureau and Captain Ronald Doucette to command the Investigative Services Bureau.
After obtaining an in-depth overview of the New Orleans Police Department, Chief Pennington faced problems ranging from manpower shortage and inadequate salaries to double-digit rises in crime and the department's national reputation for widespread corruption. In January 1995 he issued the Pennington Plan, containing ten major elements regarding reform.
On February 1 Chief Pennington initiated his policing strategy, focusing on high-crime areas. First came the creation of a new 100-member citywide policing team known as the Community Oriented Police Squad (COPS). New Orleans differs from other American cities in that it has ten public housing developments. By virtue of a $3.4 million federal grant, three Community Empowerment Centers were opened in the Desire, Florida and B. W. Cooper housing developments, the three highest crime areas. Four additional COPS substations were then established in the Iberville, Lafitte, C. J. Peete and St. Bernard developments.
The Internal Affairs Division was abolished and the Public Integrity Division was created and put under the command of Major Felix Loicano. This division was relocated to 118 N. Rocheblave Street, an independent site away from police headquarters, giving citizens a sense of comfort when filing a complaint. An early warning system was instituted to monitor complaints made against individual officers.
In his first State of Police Address on October 14, 1996, Chief Pennington stated the murder rate in the public housing development areas decreased by nearly 75%. Community policing initiatives carried over to affect the citywide murder rate, which led to an 18% reduction in murders across New Orleans. Pennington then announced that, as part of the restructuring, the Patrol Services Bureau was renamed the Operations Bureau. Major Ronal W. Serpas, a 16-year veteran, was appointed to assistant superintendent to command this bureau. Chief Johnson remained in command of technical services, while assistant Superintendent Dusset was assigned to the newly created Office of Policy and Planning and charged with developing the city’s first comprehensive emergency management plan.
In 1998 Mayor Morial and Chief Pennington announced that New Orleans led the nation in the violent crime reduction among the 30 largest U.S. cities.
Courtney Bagneris, with nine years of experience in the city’s Finance Department, was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer for the NOPD on July 6, 1998. She was charged with the responsibility of preparing the yearly departmental budget for city council review and approval.
Early 21st century.
In August 2001, when Major Serpas retired to accept the position of Washington State Police Chief, Assistant Superintendent Duane D. Johnson was promoted from command of the Technical and Support Bureau to assume second in command of the New Orleans Police Department as Chief of Operations. As commander of the Technical and Support Bureau since 1993, he was responsible for the development of the department’s technology initiatives and support services. Significant achievements established the NOPD as a recognized leader in the areas of 911 communications, mobile data, crime analysis/COMSTAT, geographic information system mapping, automated ballistics/fingerprint identification, barcode evidence tracking and other computer system infrastructures. He had also established innovative programs in false burglar alarm tracking and risk management auto-accident reduction. As operations chief, Serpas's overall responsibilities included day-to-day control of the eight police districts, Special Operations Tactical, Traffic and Reserve divisions, the Investigative Support Division, the Scientific Criminal Investigations, Gaming/Vice/Narcotics interdiction efforts, community policing initiatives and field command of all major events such as Mardi Gras, the Bayou Classic, the Sugar Bowl and Super Bowl. He also was the coordinator of local state, and federal investigations. He also leads the COMSTAT weekly meetings to track crime trends and plot strategies.
At this time Lieutenant Marlon Defillo, commander of Public Affairs, was promoted to Assistant Superintendent to command the Office of Policy and Planning. Added to the supervision of the Research & Planning Division and CALEA were the Recruitment and Applicant Section and Public Affairs. Lieutenant Sidney Bournes was named to command Public Affairs. Chief Dusset assumed command of the Technical and Support Bureau, consisting of the Education and Training Division, Administrative Duties Division, Communications, Information Systems and Services Division, Electronics, Central Evidence & Property, Records and Identification Division, National Crime Information Center, Special Officer Section, Risk Management and Facility Support Sections.
On November 17, 2001, the Department received the Certificate of Accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies (CALEA). In 1998 the Department’s Research and Planning Division had been assigned the daunting task of applying for national accreditation. This involved a self-assessment phase, beginning with a comprehensive review of the 443 standards contained in the CALEA Standards Manual, and then revising the operations manual and other needed changes.
When Chief Pennington announced his candidacy as Mayor of the City of New Orleans shortly after Mayor Marc Morial failed in his bid to seek a third term, he entered the race with near-universal name recognition. After granting Chief Pennington a leave of absence from the NOPD, Mayor Morial promoted Chief Johnson from the command of the Operations Bureau to Superintendent of the New Orleans Police Department on Monday, November 26, 2001. At that time he also promoted Captain Eddie Compass from his position as commander of the First Police District to Assistant Superintendent, second-in-command Chief of Operations. He chose Captain Newell Smith to command the First District. In the February 2 election with a field of fifteen candidates, Chief Pennington and Ray Nagin were selected as mayoral runoff candidates. However, in the March 2 election, in a very close race, the citizens of New Orleans chose Nagin as the next Mayor.
On Sunday, May 3, 2002, Chief Pennington returned to work as Superintendent of the New Orleans Police Department to fulfill his contract until May 6. Chief Johnson returned to the position of Chief of Operations, Chief Compass returned to Captain, Commander of the First Police District and Captain Smith returned to the position of HANO liaison. On May 6 Mayor Nagin requested Chief Pennington to continue as Superintendent while his transition team made their recommendations.
On Tuesday, May 21, Mayor Nagin held a press conference to announce that he had chosen 43-year-old Captain Eddie Compass III, a self-described "street cop", to lead the New Orleans Police Department. Compass, a district commander with 23 years of experience, had proven his commitment to the City of New Orleans. Mayor Nagin stated what impressed him most was Compass’s "track record of success" in implementing community policing programs that helped bring down the city’s homicide rate, particularly in public housing developments. He also said he was swayed by Compass’s affinity for technology, a priority for his administration, and that he was able "to envision us working together as a high-performance team reaching our goals in this community."
The next day, Chief Compass announced his selection of assistant superintendents: Duane D. Johnson was to continue as second-in-command Chief of Operations and Courtney Bagneris as the head of the Office of Fiscal and Personnel Management. Compass appointed Warren Riley, former Fifth District Commander, to head Policy and Planning. Captain Gerald Ursin, former Assistant Commander of Public Integrity, was appointed commander of Technical Services. Chief Compass appointed Lonnie Swain, former Seventh District Commander, as a fifth assistant superintendent in command of the Public Integrity Division. Chief Dusset chose to retire, and Lieutenant Defillo resumed command of Public Affairs while Lieutenant Bournes returned to Special Operations.
The Superintendent was sworn in at 10:00 a.m. on Friday, May 24 before a standing-room-only audience in the City Hall Council Chamber. Compass delivered an informal address that stressed the importance of partnership between citizens and the city’s 1640 police officers. He said, "Putting people in jail is important, but that’s just recycling statistics. We have to change people’s mindsets and form a community of people working together in a partnership." Then, after reading a poem titled "Bridge Builder," Compass promised to build a department of bridge-builders to bridge the city and unite it like never before. Compass’s first official act as Superintendent was to proceed to Southern University at 1:00 p.m. to swear in the fifty graduating members of Recruit Class 145.
On July 8, 2002, Chief Compass, in continuing his assault on rising crime rates, announced several initiatives. One was a Witness Support Program which asked clergy members to urge their congregations to participate in a volunteer program that assigned people to support witnesses to crime. He stated, "Criminals intimidate our witnesses. We have to take that power away from them." The presence of witness supporters sends a clear message the community, the clergy and the congregations are behind the witnesses.
On July 26, Chief Compass learned that second in command, Assistant Superintendent Duane Johnson was retiring to become Director of Security and Emergency Preparedness with DynMcDermott Petroleum Operations Company, which manages the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Chief Compass stated, "Johnson dedicated 28 years of public service to the citizens of New Orleans and helped to make the New Orleans Police Department one of the nation’s premier law enforcement agencies."
Replacing Johnson as Chief of Operations was Deputy Chief Gerald Ursin Jr., who just two months earlier had been appointed Chief of Technical Services. Fourth District Commander Steven B. Nicholas became Deputy Chief of Technical Services and Captain Ronald Doucette, commander of Records and Identification, was assigned command of the Fourth District. Seventh District Commander Captain David Kirsch replaced Doucette in Records and Identification and Captain Timothy Bayard, formerly of Policy and Planning, became the Seventh District commander.
Assistant Superintendent Gerald Ursin retired on February 3, 2003. Compass promoted Captain Daniel Lawless to the position of Assistant Superintendent and assigned him the command of the Policy, Planning and Training Bureau. Assistant Superintendent Warren J. Riley remained second-in-command, Chief of Operations; Assistant Chief Courtney Bagneris continued heading the Office of Fiscal and Personnel Management. Assistant Superintendent Steven B. Nicholas remained in charge of the Technical Services Bureau, and Assistant Superintendent Lonnie H. Swain commanded the Public Integrity Bureau.
Chief Compass promoted over fifty officers since taking the department helm and made numerous reassignments. Captain James Scott was assigned to the Third District to replace Chief Lawless; Captain Thomas Smegal was assigned the Fourth District to replace the retired Captain Doucette, and Captain Lawrence Weathersby was assigned command of the Fifth District. Also, Captain Ellington retired and Captain Anthony Cannatella was assigned command of the Sixth District. Captain Orazio remained in the First District; Captain Hosli in the Second; Captain Bayard in the Seventh, and Captain Dabdoub in the Eighth.
During a ceremony at Police Headquarters on October 27, 2003, Compass promoted Lieutenant Jeff Winn, a highly decorated 18-year veteran, to Captain and assigned him to command the First Police District. Winn, who served seven months as a gunnery sergeant with the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing Headquarters, Military Police Detachment in Kuwait and then Iraq, had just returned during the first part of October and had been assigned to the First District. Superintendent Compass also commended Captain Tami Brisset who had been serving as interim commander. She was reassigned to command Inspections.
Mayor Nagin and Chief Compass led their second review of NOPD members in Jackson Square on May 2, 2004, and the following memorial Mass in the St. Louis Cathedral was in memory of Captain Anthony Genovese, Sergeant Robert Harrison, Sergeant William Matthews and Officer Terry Demesme, who died of natural causes.
During a promotional ceremony held on July 6, Chief Compass made NOPD history when Bernadine Weaver Kelly became the first African-American female to be promoted to the rank of Captain. She was assigned to command the Community Oriented Policing Squad (COPS). During his tenure to date, Chief Compass made over 100 promotions strictly on qualifications, with nearly half being African-Americans and females.
On July 20, 2004, when Chief of Operations Warren J. Riley took a leave of absence from the NOPD to announce his candidacy for Orleans Parish Criminal Sheriff, Chief Compass announced his replacement would be Assistant Superintendent Daniel E. Lawless. Chief Compass then promoted Captain Marlon A. Defillo to the position of Assistant Superintendent and assigned him the command of the Policy and Planning Bureau to replace Chief Lawless.
As Chief of Operations, Lawless’s overall responsibilities include day-to-day control of the eight police districts, Special Operations Tactical, Traffic and Reserve Divisions, the Investigative Support Division, the Scientific Criminal Investigation Division and Gaming/Vice/Narcotics interdiction efforts, as well as community policing initiatives and field command of all major events.
As Chief of the Policy and Planning Bureau, Defillo was responsible for directing and reviewing departmental studies and surveys and consists of Research and Planning, the Training Academy, the Recruitment and Application Section and Homeland Security. Chief Defillo also retained command of the Public Affairs Division.
After narrowly losing the hard-fought November 2, 2004 election for Orleans Parish Criminal Sheriff Assistant Superintendent Warren J. Riley returned from his leave of absence to the NOPD on November 14 as Chief of Operations. Assistant Superintendent Daniel Lawless returned as Chief of the Policy and Planning Bureau. Deputy Superintendent Marlon A. Defillo returned to the civil service rank of captain and command of the Public Affairs Division.
In 2001, Superintendent Serpas retired from the New Orleans Police Department after 21 years of service. Before retiring, Superintendent Serpas attained the civil service rank of major and the appointed position of assistant superintendent of the NOPD. Chief Serpas was preceded by Warren J. Riley, who retired with the change of the mayoral administration on May 2, 2010. Riley had been preceded by Eddie Compass and Richard Pennington.
During a press conference on Friday, June 25, 2010, Superintendent Serpas announced several reforms to the New Orleans Police Department. Superintendent Serpas reduced the number of deputy superintendents from six to four, and decided that only two of those positions would be held by commissioned officers. Serpas announced that Marlon Defillo, current Assistant Superintendent of the Bureau of Investigations, would take on a new role as the Deputy Chief of the Operations Bureau. Current Deputy Chief Kirk Bouyelas would also take on a new role as Deputy Chief of the Investigative Services Bureau. The two civilian deputy chiefs were to be Ms. Arlinda Westbrook, Deputy Chief (Civilian) in charge of the Public Integrity Bureau, and Ms. Stephanie Landry, Deputy Chief (Civilian) in charge of the Management Services Bureau. Serpas also reduced the rank of eleven appointed Majors to their proper civil service rank of Captain. Also in the slew of changes, Serpas reassigned 25 of the current 37 Captains within the department.
Superintendent Serpas announced on June 23, 2010, that the majority of his highest-ranking commissioned officers - for example, majors and deputy chiefs - would be summarily demoted effective June 27 to captain, the latter rank thereby returning as the "de facto" rank of district station commander. As a courtesy, many personnel continue to address district commanders with the honorific "Major." As of July 2010, only two officers - Treadaway and Burkart - retain the rank of major, both of whom were appointed to the position by civil service.
Also in accordance with the above changes, two of Serpas's deputy chiefs swapped responsibilities, while two others were replaced by civilian personnel, bringing the net count of deputy chiefs from six to four.
On Tuesday, March 1, 2011, the New Orleans Civil Service Commission unanimously approved Superintendent Serpas' proposal to create a new pay plan for 16 new "Police Commanders". Serpas originally asked the Commission to approve 16 "Colonel's" positions. The new "Commanders" will be third in the command structure of the New Orleans Police Department, only ranked lower than the Superintendent and Deputy Superintendents. In June 2011, 1 additional commander position was created for the Reserve Division. All other personnel, including the two Majors will be subordinate to these individuals. http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2011/03/new_orleans_civil_service_comm.html. The Police Commanders are responsible for the 17 "Core Components" of the NOPD, including the 8 Patrol Districts and 9 other units as noted below.
Danziger Bridge shootings.
A deadly police shooting occurred on the Danziger Bridge in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. On Sunday, September 4, six days after the hurricane, nineteen-year-old James Brissette and forty-year-old Ronald Madison, both African American, were killed in the gunfire, and four other civilians were wounded. All victims were unarmed. Madison, a mentally disabled man, was shot in the back. New Orleans police coordinated in fabricating a cover-up story for their crime, falsely reporting that seven police officers responded to a police dispatch reporting an officer down, and that at least four people were firing weapons at the officers upon their arrival. The Danziger Bridge Shootings led to several NOPD officers being charged with various crimes including obstruction of justice. On August 5, 2011, five officers were found guilty of all charges. Several others plead guilty to lesser charges in exchange for testimony against the other officers. On September 17, 2013, the five officers who went to trial and were found guilty of various civil rights violations, were granted a new trial. In his 129-page order vacating the convictions and ordering a new trial, Federal Judge Kurt Engelhardt, cited grotesque prosecutorial misconduct as the reason for granting the motion for a new trial.
Rank structure.
NOTES: *The State of Louisiana provides $6,000 supplemental annual pay after one year of service.
Additional annual pay is merited for the following degrees:
Associates: $1,000 Bachelors: $2,000 Graduate: $3,000 (Masters, Doctorate)
Demographics.
Breakdown of the makeup of the rank and file of NOPD:
Hurricane Katrina.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina on August 29, 2005, looting, violence and other criminal activity became serious problems. With most of the attention of the authorities focused on rescue efforts, security in New Orleans degraded quickly. By August 30, looting had spread throughout the city, often in broad daylight and in the presence of police officers. "The looting is out of control. The French Quarter has been attacked," City Councilwoman Jackie Clarkson said.
Incapacitated by the breakdown of transportation and communication, as well as overwhelmed in terms of numbers, police officers could do little to stop crime. Shopkeepers who remained behind were left to defend their property alone. Looters included gangs of gunmen, and gunfire was heard in various parts of the city. Along with violent armed robbery of nonessential valuable goods, many incidents were of residents simply gathering food, water and other essential commodities from unstaffed grocery stores. There were also reports of looting by some police officers.
One report of violence involved a police shooting of six citizens on the Danziger Bridge, which carries the Chef Menteur Highway (US 90) across the Industrial Canal. These citizens were reportedly attacking contractors of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers involved in the 17th Street Canal repair. Other reports alleged people seeking refuge on the bridge from the flood were fired on without provocation. The shootings left two dead and four injured. Subsequently, seven NOPD officers were indicted on murder charges in connection with the incident known as the "Danzinger 7". The case was dropped when the prosecutor who brought the charges, Eddie Jordan, resigned his position following charges of corruption and a judgment against him in a racial discrimination lawsuit. On August 13, 2008, District Judge Raymond Bigelow dismissed the case based on misconduct by the prosecution. On August 5, 2011, a New Orleans Federal Court jury convicted five police officers of a myriad of charges related to the cover-up and deprivation of civil rights.
Over 200 NOPD officers were said to have deserted the city during the storm. These officers were given the opportunity to explain their actions before the deputy chief in a tribunal-like hearing, after which 85% of the officers who supposedly deserted were terminated. The ones who stayed during Katrina were awarded with a Hurricane Katrina lapel pin to be worn on the uniform. It is shaped like the star and crescent badge, with a hurricane emblem in the center of the star.
Prior to Katrina, the New Orleans Police Department was notable as being one of the few major departments in the country whose officers sported powder blue uniform shirts instead of the dark or navy blue shirts used by the majority of police forces nationwide. In the wake of Katrina, however, the department switched to a dark blue uniform shirt in order to avoid potential problems from people, including officers dismissed after the hurricane who may have attempted to illegally pass themselves off as police officers. Beginning on Friday, February 13, 2009, during the annual Mardi Gras celebration, NOPD officers permanently returned to wearing powder blue uniform shirts to the delight of many New Orleans residents who observed the groups of traditionally-clad officers along the parade routes.
In the fall of 2007, the Fox television network dramatized post-Katrina New Orleans in the short-lived police drama "K-Ville" starring Anthony Anderson and Cole Hauser as NOPD detectives working for the Felony Action Squad (FAS).
Personnel shortage.
As of July 2007, the New Orleans Police Department had 1,406 officers on the force. Prior to Hurricane Katrina, the NOPD had 1,742 commissioned police officers. The NOPD was actively recruiting to increase manpower in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, which preceded an unusually high number of resignations.
New Orleans Police Badge.
The Star and Crescent badge, unique to the NOPD, has been worn by members of the department since 1855. The crescent represents the shape of the city, as the Mississippi River forms a crescent shape around the city.The star represents the power of a state or local government to preserve order and keep the peace; it is a traditional symbol of law enforcement authority in the United States.
New Orleans officers killed.
With the exception of the "Metropolitans" killed in 1874, the ODMP website lists 109 New Orleans Policemen killed/died from 1856 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9623270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623270" title="Emmanuel Isaneez">
Emmanuel Isaneez

Emmanuel Isaneez (born 25 December 1986) in Jinja. He is a Ugandan cricketer who played in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="9623318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623318" title="A. G. Mathews">
A. G. Mathews

Albert G. Mathews (July 31, 1872 – December 5, 1958) was the Democratic President of the West Virginia Senate from Calhoun County and served from 1933 to 1935. He died of cancer in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="9623320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9623320" title="Auckland shag">
Auckland shag

The Auckland shag ("Phalacrocorax colensoi") or Auckland Islands shag is a species of cormorant from New Zealand. The species is endemic to the Auckland Islands archipelago. It is a sedentary bird that primarily eats various crustaceans and fish. In recent years, roughly 1,000 pairs have been recorded. The Auckland shag is a colonial nester, building sizeable nests of, among other items, grass, twigs and seaweed. The Auckland shag lays three pale blue-green eggs in November-February. The incubation period is 26–32 days.
The Auckland shag is considered Vulnerable by the IUCN due to its small population size and restricted global range. Only around 2000 Auckland shags exist in their remote habitat.
The binomial name of this bird commemorates the naturalist William Colenso.

</doc>
