<doc id="9868834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868834" title="Lauran Paine">
Lauran Paine

Lauran Bosworth Paine (born born Lawrence Kerfman Duby Jr., February 25, 1916 in Duluth, Minnesota – December 1, 2001, Fort Jones, California) was an American writer of Western fiction.
Paine wrote over 1000 books, including hundreds of Westerns as well as romance, science fiction, and mystery novels. He also wrote a number of non-fiction books on the Old West, military history, witchcraft, and other subjects. Because his publishers only accepted a limited number of books under a single author's name, Paine adopted dozens of pseudonyms including Mark Carrel, Clay Allen, A. A. Andrews, Dennis Archer, John Armour, Carter Ashby, Harry Beck, Will Benton, Frank Bosworth, Concho Bradley, Claude Cassady, Clint Custer, James Glenn, Will Houston, Troy Howard, Cliff Ketchum, Clint O'Conner, Jim Slaughter and Buck Standish among others. Many of his books, published by Robert Hale of London and distributed solely in the UK, have only in recent years been appearing in the United States, usually as large-print editions.
He was a long-term resident of Fort Jones.
Additional reading.
Varner, Paul. "Historical Dictionary of Westerns in Literature". Scarecrow Press. 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9868839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868839" title="Samraong (town)">
Samraong (town)

Samraong (, "impenetrable jungle") is the capital of Oddar Meancheay Province in northwestern Cambodia.
To the north of the town is the border crossing of O'Smach into Thailand

</doc>
<doc id="9868841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868841" title="Randy Beisler">
Randy Beisler

Randall Lee "Randy" Beisler (born October 24, 1944 in Gary, Indiana) is a former professional American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Kansas City Chiefs. He was drafted by the Eagles in the first round of the 1966 NFL Draft. He played college football at Indiana University.

</doc>
<doc id="9868878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868878" title="Jawad Tabrizi">
Jawad Tabrizi

Ayatollah Mirza Jawad Tabrizi (Arabic/Persian/Urdu: آية الله العظمی شیخ میرزا جواد تبریزی) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja'. He was born in Tabriz, Iran in 1926 AD (1347 AH). At 22 he moved to Qom and later to Najaf, Iraq until he was deported. He then moved back to Qom and was a teacher in the hawza of Qom until his death. He died in Qom, Iran in 2006 AD (1427 AH).
Early life and background.
He was born in Tabriz, Iran in 1926 AD (1347 AH). He passed his matriculation from Tabriz. In 1946 AD (1365 AH), he got admission in religious Madrasah Talibia of Tabriz, despite opposition from some family members & some school teachers. He was then 18 years old. He completed books of "Muqaddamat" and some books of "Satheeyat" in a brief period of 4 years.
Education at Hawza Elmiye Qom.
In 1950 AD (1369 AH), at the age of 22, he moved to Qom hawza. There he finished "Satheeyat", and attended lectures of G. A. Hujjat and G. A. Borujerdi for "Dars-i-Kharij".

</doc>
<doc id="9868883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868883" title="Vernon Biever">
Vernon Biever

Vernon Joseph Biever (21 May 1923 – 13 October 2010 ) was an American photographer, most notably with the Green Bay Packers.
Biever covered his first Packers game in 1941 for "The Milwaukee Sentinel" while a student at St. Norbert College. He was the official team photographer from 1946 until his retirement in 2006.
His photographs were collected in "The Glory of Titletown" (ISBN 0878339906). Biever's photographs have been featured in books, television shows, and movies.
Biever's son John is a photographer for "Sports Illustrated". His other son, James, and grandson, Michael, are photographers for the Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="9868931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868931" title="Duwet language">
Duwet language

Duwet, also known as Guwot or Waing, is an aberrant member of the Busu subgroup of Lower Markham languages in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea. Duwet is spoken by about 400 people and appears to have been heavily influenced by its neighboring Nabak language (also called Wain) of the Papuan Trans–New Guinea languages.
Morphology.
Numerals.
Traditional Duwet numerals include only three basic forms: 'one', 'two', and 'hand (= five)'.

</doc>
<doc id="9868942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868942" title="Rača monastery">
Rača monastery

The Rača monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Рача) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery 7 km south of Bajina Bašta, Serbia. The monastery was built by Stefan Dragutin (1276-1282). During the Great Turkish War in 1689 the monastery was partially destroyed by the invading Turks. In 1826 it was reconstructed due to being burned down several times while Serbia was under the rule of the Ottoman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="9868945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868945" title="Ross Cordy">
Ross Cordy

Dr. Ross H. Cordy was the branch chief of archaeology in the State of Hawaii's Historic Preservation Division, having headed that office and program for 16 years. He is currently the Humanities Division Chair at the University of Hawaii-West Oahu where he teaches Hawaiian and Pacific Islands studies courses and a few archeology courses. Dr. Cordy is a volunteer archeology instructor for the Waianae High School - Hawaiian Studies Program where he teaches hands on archeology, history and historic preservation issues. 
He has conducted research on Hawaiian archaeological and historical topics since 1968. He has done fieldwork throughout the Hawaiian Islands, on all the major Micronesian Islands, and in the Society Islands, and taught at universities in New Zealand. His writings include more than 80 published articles, books and monographs and numerous manuscript papers on a wide variety of Pacific subjects.
Dr. Cordy was raised in Davis, California, and received his BA from University of California, Santa Barbara, MA from University of Michigan and Ph.D from University of Hawaii-Manoa. Dr. Cordy is part of a family of researchers and academics. His sister, Dr. Ann Cordy Ph.D is a textile specialist who has studied Oceanic textiles. His mother, Elizabeth Cordy M.A. was also a textile specialist. Dr. Ross Cordy's father, Dr. Donald R. Cordy was a founding member of the UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. He chaired the pathology department from 1960 until 1969. His cousin, Alana Cordy-Collins is an anthropologist and archaeologist who specializes in Peruvian prehistory, and her father was Mayanist Napoleon Cordy.

</doc>
<doc id="9868948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868948" title="Silver Beaver Award">
Silver Beaver Award

The Silver Beaver Award is the council-level distinguished service award of the Boy Scouts of America. Recipients of this award are registered adult leaders who have made an impact on the lives of youth through service given to the council. The Silver Beaver is an award given to those who implement the Scouting program and perform community service through hard work, self-sacrifice, dedication, and many years of service. It is given to those who do not actively seek it.
Award.
The medal consists of a silver beaver pendant suspended from a blue and white ribbon worn around the neck. Recipients may wear the corresponding square knot, with a white strand over a blue strand, on the BSA uniform.
Using the United States Military as the model, silver awards are the highest awards in the BSA.
History.
The Silver Beaver was introduced in 1931 as a pin-on medal, but due to the heavy weight of the medallion it was switched over to a neck ribbon in mid-1932. A blue-white-blue ribbon bar was introduced in 1934 for informal uniform wear. In 1946, ribbon bars were replaced by the current knot insignia.
The Silver Beaver was initially awarded only to men. The Silver Fawn Award, an equivalent for women, was awarded starting in 1971. It used the same knot insignia, but on a blue background, as women were mostly involved in Cub Scouting during this period. The Silver Fawn was discontinued and the Silver Beaver began to be awarded to women in 1974. A total of 2,455 Silver Fawns were awarded to outstanding women for support of Cub Scouting before the award was discontinued in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9868957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868957" title="List of dragons in mythology and folklore">
List of dragons in mythology and folklore

"This article is a list of dragons in mythology and folklore."

</doc>
<doc id="9868968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868968" title="Koh Kong (city)">
Koh Kong (city)

Koh Kong (, ; ) (transliterated as Krong Koh Kong) is the capital of Koh Kong Province in Cambodia. It is located near the mouth of the Kah Bpow river in Smach Mean Chey district on the Gulf of Thailand. The city lies only 10 kilometres from the Thai border. However, it is 138 kilometres by Highway 48 to National Highway 4 at Sre Ambel and a further 133 kilometres to Phnom Penh. After the completion of the bridges on the Highway 48 in 2007 - 2010 the terrestrial link to Phnom Penh and Sihanoukville has significantly improved.
Frontier town.
Koh Kong has long had a reputation as a “Wild West” frontier town. Until recently, access to the town from Cambodia was mostly by sea or air due to the poor road conditions. In this relative isolation, illegal logging, wild animal smuggling, banditry, gambling, prostitution and a soaring rate of HIV AIDS infection have given Koh Kong its frontier town reputation. However, with the building of the Thai-Cambodian bridge across the river and the upgrading of the road to the national highway, industry and investment has increased and the town is becoming a modest tourist destination.
Location.
Koh Kong town is accessible by land, sea and air. From Bangkok it is 450 Kilometres by road to Had Lek in Khlong Yai district in Thailand and a short trip from there to the Cham Yeam international border crossing. From the border it is 10 kilometres to the town. Travelling from the capital Phnom Penh, it is 133 kilometres west along National Highway 4 to the town of Sre Ambel. From Sre Ambel a narrow road winds 138 kilometres through the lower Cardamom Mountains before reaching Koh Kong. The road crosses four large rivers where bridges have recently been built. In 2002, the Koh Kong bridge was completed linking the town of Koh Kong with the border crossing to Thailand. The bridge was completed at a cost of US 7.2 million dollars and is 1900 metres long, making it the longest bridge in Cambodia.
Recent history.
Until the end of the 1990s, Koh Kong was one of the least secure parts of the country. Elements of the Khmer Rouge based in the lower Cardamoms still posed a serious threat to locals and travellers. The area was the scene of intermittent fighting between the government and Democratic Kampuchea forces until 1998.
On 21 April 1984, the Khmer Rouge captured the town of Koh Kong and held it for a night and day. They claimed via Khmer Rouge Radio to have killed 1,107 Vietnamese troops and injured 125 more during the battle.
On June 6, 1985 Khmer Rouge troops attacked an outpost near the provincial town. Khmer Rouge Radio reported that they had killed 28 Vietnamese soldiers and injured 34 others. attacked Koh Kong casino with rifles, rocket-propelled grenades and mortars.
As late as 1998, the Khmer Rouge were still active in the area. In November of that year, one of the last recorded incidents before the surrender of the remaining Khmer Rouge forces to the government occurred near the international border crossing outside of Koh Kong city. On Monday night at 6.10 p.m. the casino attached to the Koh Kong International Resort was attacked by elements of the Khmer Rouge. One Thai gambler was injured in the attack which involved rocket-propelled grenades, mortars and conventional rifles. The Trat police chief later stated that the attack was prompted by the casino failing to make a protection payment to the rebel group.
Environment.
Koh Kong town is located just below the southern end of the Cardamom Mountains. The Kah Bpow river which runs through the town begins in the Cardamoms and runs down to join the Gulf of Thailand. The town’s relatively remote location, close to the Cardamoms and the Thai border, has made it the centre of an active wildlife smuggling trade. Much wildlife captured in the Central Cardamoms goes to supply the restaurants and fresh markets in Koh Kong town. Wild meat is usually for local consumption but various animals parts, bones, hides etc. are sold to wildlife traders. In 2000, wildlife traders from Thailand were reported to come to Koh Kong town each month to purchase wildlife products. Some trophies are also reported to be sold to Trat Province in Thailand.
In 2005, Cambodia’s infamous tiger hunter, Yor Ngun was finally captured in Koh Kong town. He was eventually charged with having killed and sold at least 19 tigers, 40 leopards, 30 elephants, 500 gaur, banteng and sambar, 40 Sun bears and three Asian black bears. Ngun who was 57 at the time of his arrest, is reported to have been trapping and snaring animals in the Cambodian jungle since the 1970s. The organisation Wildlife Alliance (known at the time as WildAid) had Ngun on their "top wanted hunters list" since 2001 due to his reputation as a "notorious tiger hunter." Authorities captured him once in 2004, but he was released after signing an agreement to stop poaching. At the time of his arrest in Koh Kong, he was carrying animal parts, including 25 bear jaws and 82 bear nails. In August 2005, he was sentenced at the Koh Kong provincial court to seven years in prison.
Koh Kong township and the area nearby was also the centre of widespread illegal logging of broad leaf deciduous forests in the Cardamoms. According to environmental agencies, the government logging ban in 2001, has slowed but not prevented the logging trade.
Tourism.
With the opening of the Thai-Cambodian bridge across the river and the building of several casinos near the border post, the town has become an increasingly popular tourist destination. Local tourist attractions, aside from the casinos, include boat tours to the uninhabited Koh Kong Island and trekking in the Cardamom Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="9868983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9868983" title="Oak Park, Sacramento, California">
Oak Park, Sacramento, California

Oak Park is a neighborhood in Sacramento, California. The McGeorge School of Law, Sacramento High School, and Christian Brothers High School are located in this neighborhood.
Oak Park is informally bounded by U.S. Route 50 to the North, Stockton Blvd. to the East, CA-99 to the West and Fruitridge Road to the South. It is situated within the city limits and provides easy access to the ever growing/changing Downtown of Sacramento. The streets intersect with avenues and there is one main street that runs through all of Oak Park, Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, formerly known as Sacramento Boulevard.
History.
The early 1900s saw Oak Park as a culturally thriving and economically vibrant, destination neighborhood, due in part to its strong sense of community and its ties with and proximity to the Historic site of the California State Fair grounds. The 1960s Interstate freeway expansion program subdivided many historic Sacramento neighborhoods like Oak Park creating isolated areas of poverty or relative prosperity. Oak Park's sense of community started to decline in the early 1960s as a result of the freeway expansion, declining property values and families moving out to the suburb communities now made easily accessible by the freeway expansion programs. During the 1980s / 90's further deterioration of the living standards were exacerbated by frequent occurrences of petty theft, street crime, drug activities and gang related violence. Recently, the early 2000s saw a slew of real estate speculators and building contractors buying up low priced homes in some parts of Oak Park that were either abandoned or sold off as unmanageable then turning them around and reselling them as reasonably priced starter homes, often with financial government assistance. At the same time many new high paying jobs moved into the area in connection with the expansion of the University of California Davis Medical Center located to the North of Oak Park, the revitalization of Broadway and Stockton Boulevard and the expansion of the McGeorge Law School campus.
Oak Park’s Downtown.
In addition to being Sacramento's first suburb, Oak Park also developed a second "downtown" retail and entertainment district, distinct from Sacramento's downtown. Running along 35th Street between Sacramento Blvd (Broadway) to the north and 5th Ave and the park to the South. The street was home to the Piggly-Wiggly and Park Meat Market, Steen's Corner Saloon, Azevedo's Women's Apparel, Janek and Scurfield canvass goods, Citizens Bank of Oak Park, the Ben Franklin variety store, and many others. The street's arts and entertainment could be found at the Victor Theater (Guild Theater), the California Theater, the Belmonte Gallery or the outdoor theater and pavilion at the park. 35th Street area also played host to the annual 4 July parade.
Oak Park’s Streetcars.
Four of Sacramento's Seven downtown streetcar lines terminated in Oak Park. The original line, the Central Street Railway, was founded in 1890 by real estate investor Edwin K. Alsip in hopes of motivating people to move to Oak Park and Highland Park. The horse-drawn streetcars were replaced by cable cars, and shortly after, electric trolley cars. Originating at Second and H Street, it followed J Street to 28th St, then south to Sacramento Blvd (now called Broadway) where it turned east into the new suburbs of Oak Park. The eastern terminus was a public park, then known as Oak Park (now McClatchy Park), on 35th Street and Fifth Avenue. Sacramento Electric, Gas & Railway Company (later Pacific Gas and Electric Company) would acquire this route and expand to include Route 6 which ran to the Oak Park terminus via 5th Ave. Meanwhile a short Route 5 would run east from the Oak Park terminus and end at the Historic site of the California State Fair grounds on Stockton Blvd.
The Central California Traction Company also ran an interurban rail line from Downtown Sacramento to Stockton, CA. The line headed through Oak Park along Sacramento Blvd, then 2nd Ave, finally turning South at Stockton Blvd. and running down the Eastern edge of Oak Park towards Stockton, CA.
Joyland.
In 1895, Oak Park (McClatchy Park) featured acres of shady oak trees, a zoo, carousel and ballpark. When Sacramento Electric, Gas & Railway Company acquired the Oak Park terminus in 1903, they added a wooden roller coaster, a roller skating rink, an outdoor theater, and a scenic miniature railway. Joyland was born when the park was renovated to include an amusement park, electric lights, and swimming pool. In addition to local amusement, Joyland was intended to showcase the abilities of electric power and increase ridership on the new electric streetcars.
Joyland caught fire in 1920 and never reopened. In 1927, Valentine McClatchy purchased the land and gave it to the city to become a city park,named in honor of his father James McClatchy, the founder of the "Sacramento Bee".
Recent past.
As of 2008 Oak Park faces a variety of challenges sustaining the beginnings of its comeback due in part to an increase in foreclosures and an area wide decline in property values. Its future is in the hands of activists like Kevin Johnson, community groups like the Oak Park Neighborhood Association, Community policing efforts, the demand for affordable housing close to the University of California Davis Medical Center and the overall impact that the real estate market will play in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="9869009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869009" title="Harun">
Harun

Harun (also transliterated as Haroon or Haroun, , ) is a common Arabic male given name, related to the Hebrew name Aaron. It may refer to: it means pure in Classical Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="9869015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869015" title="Władysław Dworaczek">
Władysław Dworaczek

Władysław Dworaczek (9 September 1912 in Gleiwitz (today Gliwice) (Sośnica) - 22 December 2003 in Rybnik) was a Polish educator and community organiser, as well as a political prisoner in the Nazi concentration camps.
Biography.
Dworaczek graduated from the elementary school in Kończyce, near the city of Zabrze, in 1932. He then entered a seminary for teachers in Pszczyna in 1938, finishing in 1948. Later he took courses in instruction of Polish language, in Katowice, where he subsequently pursued a master's degree course and graduated in 1951. He later received a master's degree in Polish philology from the University of Silesia in 1972.
Dworaczek began his teaching work on 1 August 1932 in the village of Gaschowitz (then in Germany, today in Poland), working until the start of World War II. During the Nazi occupation of Poland he was persecuted. From 1 May 1940 until 20 April 1941 he was a political prisoner in the 3 Nazi concentration camps: Dachau, Mauthausen and Gusen. After being discharged and unable to find employment in his field, he became a church organist in Halemba. In March 1945 he returned to Gaszowice, where he became the director of the elementary school until his retirement in 1972. He was also a member of the The Polish Scouting and Guiding Association, ("ZHP") with the Scouting Cross No.11, one of the few that survived the Second World War in Silesia.

</doc>
<doc id="9869029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869029" title="Koh Kong (island)">
Koh Kong (island)

Koh Kong is an island in Cambodia, located near Koh Kong town, and is part of Koh Kong Province.
Location and description.
Koh Kong Island (; "Kaôh Kŏng Kroah") is Cambodia’s largest island sitting 22 km south of Koh Kong town; the island is also 22 km long and 6 km wide and has only one settlement the fishing village of Alatang on the south-east corner of the island. 
The west side boasts six pristine tropical beaches, most with their own natural freshwater lagoons leading to rivers running down from the high mountain peaks that lie above them.
Sleeping.
There are two beaches with bungalow accommodation on the island, a basic facility on 'third beach' and a choice of basic or more comfortable at Koh Kong Island Resort on 'seventh beach'. You can visit on day trips; sleeping can be marvellously secluded off-peak, but you will need sand fly repellant!
The north end is controlled by the military, camping is allowed at your own risk on the 5th and 6th beaches and also at the military post in the village of Alatang.

</doc>
<doc id="9869060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869060" title="Kerling (Iceland)">
Kerling (Iceland)

Mt Kerling (Old Hag) is the highest mountain (1538 m) in the District of Eyjafjarðarsveit, in the northern part of Iceland. 
Its structure is mainly basaltic rock, but the uppermost part is rhyolite, which extends to Mts Súlur nearby and all the way to the lower slopes of Mt. Vindheimajökull to the north of valley Glerardalur.
Considered an easy climb with excellent panoramic views on a fine day.

</doc>
<doc id="9869067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869067" title="Kerling, Selangor">
Kerling, Selangor

Kerling is a small town located in the state of Selangor in Malaysia. The town of Kuala Kubu Bharu is situated nearby "Kerling".

</doc>
<doc id="9869070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869070" title="Greg Van Avermaet">
Greg Van Avermaet

Greg Van Avermaet (born 17 May 1985) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, currently riding for UCI ProTeam .
In 2012, Avermaet came very close to winning the World Tour race Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec. He placed a strong attack in the steep Côte de la Montagne, with about to cover and he was followed by Simon Gerrans (). The pair built a sizable gap with the peloton and contested the sprint where Gerrans prevailed.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline:
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="9869071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869071" title="Jujie Luan">
Jujie Luan

Jujie Luan (; born 14 July 1958 in Nanjing, China) is a Chinese-born Canadian fencer. At the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, she became the first Chinese athlete to win the gold medal in fencing. Since moving to Edmonton, Canada in 1985, she has become a Canadian citizen. At the age of 50, Luan represented Canada at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She has also participated in the 1988 and 2000 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Being an outstanding athlete in her youth, she had already done well in track and badminton before switching to fencing. She started fencing at the age of 17 and quickly joined the national team in the same year. Luan quickly rose in the international ranking capturing 2nd in the 1978 World Junior Championships (first Asian athlete to enter since 1901) and golds at the 1979 Chinese National Games, 1983 International Women's Fencing Tournament (first East Asian fencer to ever win an international event) and 1984 World Championships. She competed for the Chinese National Fencing Team in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles when she was 26 years old and she became the first East Asian person to ever win an Olympic Gold in the sport of fencing. She also competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics for China.
Throughout her fencing career, she was noted for her toughness, once even continuing a match after being stabbed in the arm by a broken foil. She also struggled with kidney problems throughout her career.
Luan eventually moved to Edmonton, Alberta. She first came to Edmonton for the 1983 Summer Universiade and "fell in love with the city" so much that she moved to Edmonton in 1989 where she had three children. She started teaching at the Edmonton Fencing Club and was fundamental in the club's growth expanding it from a mere 40 members in 1989 to over 400 members today. She became a Canadian citizen in 1994.
She continued competing in fencing events in Canada and in the Fencing World Cup winning 4 Canadian National Championships in 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1999. In 2000, she qualified for her third Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia despite her age at the time of 42. She eventually lost in the preliminary rounds. She actively trained at the EFC and fenced in numerous competitions in hopes of gaining a berth on the 2008 Canadian Olympic team, which she succeeded in accomplishing.
Back in China, she is still often studied in textbooks, and has even had a movie made about her life. In 1999 she was named one of China's top 35 sports stars since the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949.
Luan has qualified for the 2008 Beijing Olympics for Team Canada. On 11 August 2008, Jujie won her first round 13-9 win against the higher ranked Tunisian fencer Ines Boubakri, but ultimately had a 15-7 loss to Hungary's Aida Mohamed, 32, who was ranked seventh in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9869090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869090" title="Vincent Forlenza">
Vincent Forlenza

Vincent "The Jew" Forlenza is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel "The Godfather" and Mark Winegardner's sequel "The Godfather Returns".
In "The Godfather".
Forlenza is the Mafia boss of Cleveland. "The Godfather" establishes that the Forlenza crime family has many high-ranking Jewish associates, something rare in Mafia families — hence the Don's derisive nickname. His organization is the most powerful of strictly gambling-based crime families in the U.S.
In "The Godfather Returns".
Vincent Forlenza is a minor character in "The Godfather", but one of the main antagonists of "The Godfather Returns". The latter novel established his backstory; he is an immigrant from Sicily who establishes himself in the underworld by running numbers for other gangsters, and then killing them and assuming their territories. 
By the 1940s he is a force to be reckoned with, quietly expanding his empire throughout Ohio until no one stands in his way.
At around this time he employs Fausto Geraci, Sr. as a driver/associate and becomes godfather to his son, Nick.
In 1957, he conspires with Nick Geraci to kill Sal Narducci, Michael Corleone and Hyman Roth, thereby weakening the Corleone family's gambling operation in Cuba, and strengthening the Chicago mob. Geraci personally executes Narducci while he is in hiding in Rome.
In 1961, Michael learns of Forlenza's plan and devises one of his own to kill him. As part of a sweeping revenge, when Forlenza has a heart attack at his home, Michael sends a fake ambulance to pick him up. The ambulance then drives him to the Cleveland docks, where Michael's men chain Forlenza to an old tugboat boat and sink it to the bottom of Lake Erie.
Forlenza is succeeded by his former "caporegime", Frank "The Greek" Greco.

</doc>
<doc id="9869103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869103" title="Meghan Miller">
Meghan Miller

Meghan Miller (born c. 1988) is a beauty queen and ventriloquist from Beaumont, Texas, who has held the Miss America's Outstanding Teen title, and was a competitor on the second season of "America's Got Talent".
Beauty pageant work.
Miller won the first ever Miss Texas' Outstanding Teen title in 2005, after competing in the state pageant as Miss Farmers Branch's Outstanding Teen pageant. She had placed as a semi-finalist in the Miss Teen Texas pageant the year before, the pageant which became Miss Texas' Outstanding Teen.
Miller went on to represent Texas in the inaugural Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant held in Orlando, Florida in August, 2005. In the national pageant, Miller won preliminary awards for evening gown and for her talent performance, a ventriloquism act featuring two talking puppets. After making the initial cut at the final competition, Miller competed in evening gown, sportswear, talent and interview, and at the conclusion of the event was crowned Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2005. Being the first titleholder, she was crowned by reigning Miss America, Deidre Downs.
Ventriloquism.
Miller competed in the second season of "America's Got Talent", with her ventriloquist act, "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" with her two puppets, Abner and Shannon, but was eliminated at the first cut of the second round for her act, "And I'm Telling You I'm Not Going" with her puppet, Kat. She has performed her multiple characters at the House of Blues in Hollywood, The Planet Hollywood Casino, Universal Studios Orlando, Universal Studios Hollywood, numerous theatres and oprys across America, and the VentHaven Ventriloquist Convention.
She has appeared on a USA Network "Characters Welcome" segment, "CMT Insider", "Inside Edition", WB Kid Caster, etc.
Personal life.
Miller graduated with honors in 2006 from West Brook High School in Beaumont. She was a member of the school choir and cheerleading squad. Miller attended the University of Texas at Austin and was a member of Alpha Phi.
Meghan also is involved in community theatre, she played the role of Amber Von Tussle in the musical, Hairspray, at the Collin Theatre Center(Collin College) in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9869104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869104" title="British Latin American">
British Latin American

A British Latin American (Spanish: latinoamericano británico; Portuguese: Latino-americano britânico ) is a Latin American of British ancestry.
British immigration to Latin America occurred mostly in the 19th and 20th centuries and went primarily to Argentina, Chile and Brazil.
Argentina.
Most of the English Argentine population consists of Anglo-Argentines in the Buenos Aires area. In the mid-1980s English Argentines were estimated at 100,000. Famous Argentines of significant or full English ancestry include Jorge Luis Borges and Olivia Hussey, the latter famous for playing Juliet in the movie "Romeo and Juliet". Carlos Pellegrini, who was President of Argentina (1890–92), was English through his mother and Franco-Italian through his father.
The country has had a Welsh community in the Patagonia since their arrival from Liverpool in 1865. Its creation was an effort by nonconformists to build a "little Wales" away from English speakers. Welsh Argentines currently number around 50,000.
A Scottish Argentine population has existed for 180 years. The Scottish diaspora in Argentina is estimated in 100,000. The first Argentine woman to earn a Doctor of Medicine degree was Cecilia Grierson, of Scottish ancestry.
Brazil.
The Gracie family, famous for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, was founded by George Gracie, a 19th-century Scottish immigrant.
Oscar Cox, son of a British diplomat, introduced football to his native city, Rio de Janeiro, a century ago. He founded one of the top teams in Brazil, Fluminense Football Club.
The Brazilian Bawden family branch was initiated by Thomas Bawden, an early 19th-century Cornish immigrant, who was very successful in gold prospection in the region of Ouro Preto, Minas Gerais province, in the then Brazilian Empire. Following his goldmining enrichment, his daughter Mary Angel Bawden was married to a Brazilian nobleman, the Second Baron of Camargos, whose father, the first Baron of Camargos, was a prominent political figure in the aforementioned province.
Chile.
Chile currently has the largest population of British descendants in Latin America. These descendants, according to some estimates, would be between 700,000 and 800,000 people. 
Chile, facing the Pacific Ocean, had an important British presence. Over 50,000 British immigrants settled in Chile from 1840 to 1914, an important number of them settled in Magallanes, especially the city of Punta Arenas when it flourished as a major global seaport for ships crossing the Strait of Magellan from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. Also, around 32,000 English of them settled in Valparaíso . That significantly influenced in the port city, which became practically a British colony during the last decades of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century. However, the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914 and the First World War took many of them outside the city.
Some British Chileans are of Scottish and Scots-Irish origins. Some Scots settled in the country's temperate climate and forested landscape with glaciers and islands, which reminded them of their homeland (the Highlands and Northern Scotland), while English and Welsh made up the rest. The Irish immigrants were frequently confused with the British, and arrived as merchants, tradesmen and sailors, settling along with the British in the main trading Cities and Ports.
The British founded the first football club in Valparaíso, and in Santiago sometime later, such as Santiago Wanderers, Everton and Prince of Wales Country Club, among others.
Chileans of British descent include former president; Patricio Aylwin, Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna; writer and politician; Alejandro Foxley, Pedro Dartnell, Claudio Bunster, Bernardo Leighton, Vivianne Blanlot, Agustín Edwards Mac Clure; Minister of Foreign Affairs; Jorge Edwards; former Minister of Foreign Affairs; Gustavo Leigh; member of the former Government Junta of Chile Roberto Elphick; Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church; Juan Williams; commander-in-chief of the Chilean Navy at the beginning of the War of the Pacific; Patricio Lynch, William Thayer, Robert Winthrop Simpson, 
Juan Pablo Bennett, Alberto Blest Gana; writer members of the Edwards family; "Hernán Somerville", banker Harold Mayne-Nicholls, president of ANFP and Chilean Football Federation; "Mary Rose McGill", socialite, etc.
Colombia.
Famous Colombians of British descent include Jorge Isaacs, the author of María, who was born to the daughter of a Spanish naval officer and an English Jew.
Peru.
A British Peruvian is a Peruvian citizen of British descent. The phrase may refer to someone born in Peru of British descent or to someone who has immigrated to Peru from Britain. Among European Peruvians, the British were the fifth largest group of immigrants to settle in the country, after the Spanish, Italians, Germans, and French.
Between 1860 and 1950 it is estimated that around 900 British settled in Peru, although many of them returned to Europe or emigrated to countries like Argentina and Chile. The regions from which most of the British immigrants originated were Southampton and London, and Birmingham. There are an estimated 8,000 Peruvians of British descent.

</doc>
<doc id="9869120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869120" title="Auditor General (disambiguation)">
Auditor General (disambiguation)

An auditor general is a senior civil servant charged with improving government accountability by auditing and reporting on the government's operations. 

</doc>
<doc id="9869126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869126" title="The Great Global Warming Swindle">
The Great Global Warming Swindle

The Great Global Warming Swindle is a polemical documentary film that suggests that the scientific opinion on climate change is influenced by funding and political factors, and questions whether scientific consensus on anthropogenic global warming exists. The program was formally criticised by Ofcom, the UK broadcasting regulatory agency, which upheld complaints of misrepresentation made by David King.
The film, made by British television producer Martin Durkin, presents scientists, economists, politicians, writers, and others who dispute the scientific consensus regarding anthropogenic global warming. The programme's publicity materials assert that man-made global warming is "a lie" and "the biggest scam of modern times." Its original working title was "Apocalypse my arse", but the title "The Great Global Warming Swindle" was later adopted as an allusion to the 1980 mockumentary" The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle" about British punk band the Sex Pistols.
The UK's Channel 4 premiered the documentary on 8 March 2007. The channel described the film as "a polemic that drew together the well-documented views of a number of respected scientists to reach the same conclusions. This is a controversial film but we feel that it is important that all sides of the debate are aired." According to Hamish Mykura, Channel 4's head of documentaries, the film was commissioned "to present the viewpoint of the small minority of scientists who do not believe global warming is caused by anthropogenic production of carbon dioxide."
Although the documentary was welcomed by global warming sceptics, it was criticised by scientific organisations and individual scientists (including one of the scientists interviewed in the film and one whose research was used to support the film's claims). The film's critics argued that it had misused and fabricated data, relied on out-of-date research, employed misleading arguments, and misrepresented the position of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Later broadcasts corrected three errors which had been found in the original film. The film's producer, Martin Durkin, has asserted that the errors were minor and did not affect the film's conclusions.
Viewpoints expressed in the film.
The film's basic premise is that the current scientific opinion on the anthropogenic causes of global warming has numerous scientific flaws, and that vested monetary interests in the scientific establishment and the media discourage the public and the scientific community from acknowledging or even debating this. The film asserts that the publicised scientific consensus is the product of a "global warming activist industry" driven by a desire for research funding. Other culprits, according to the film, are Western environmentalists promoting expensive solar and wind power over cheap fossil fuels in Africa, resulting in African countries being held back from industrialising.
The film won best documentary award at the 2007 Io Isabella International Film Week.
A number of academics, environmentalists, think-tank consultants and writers are interviewed in the film in support of its various assertions. They include the Canadian environmentalist Patrick Moore, former member of Greenpeace but now a critic of the organisation; Richard Lindzen, professor of meteorology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Patrick Michaels, Research Professor of Environmental Sciences at the University of Virginia; Nigel Calder, editor of "New Scientist" from 1962 to 1966; John Christy, professor and director of the Earth System Science Center at University of Alabama; Paul Reiter of the Pasteur Institute; former British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson; and Piers Corbyn, a British weather forecaster.
Carl Wunsch, professor of oceanography at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, was also interviewed but has since said that he strongly disagrees with the film's conclusions and the way his interview material was used.
Assertions made in the film.
The film takes a strongly denialist view of current scientific thinking on climate change. It argues that the consensus on climate change is the product of "a multibillion-dollar worldwide industry: created by fanatically anti-industrial environmentalists; supported by scientists peddling scare stories to chase funding; and propped up by complicit politicians and the media".
Using a series of interviews and graphics, the film sets out to challenge the scientific consensus by focusing on what it says are inconsistencies in the evidence, and the role said to have been played by ideology and politics.
Evidential issues.
The film highlights what it asserts are a number of contradictions and inconsistencies in the evidence supporting man-made global warming.
Political issues.
The programme makes a number of assertions arguing that the integrity of climate research has been compromised by financial, ideological and political interests:
Disputing the global warming consensus.
The film argues that the consensus among climate scientists about global warming does not exist.
Reception and criticism.
The show attracted 2.5 million viewers and an audience share of 11.5%. Channel 4 stated that it had received 758 calls and emails about the programme, with those in favour outnumbering complaints by six to one.
Following criticism from scientists the film has been changed since it was first broadcast on Channel 4. One graph had its time axis relabelled, the claim that volcanoes produce more than humans was removed, and following objections about how his interview had been used, the interview with Carl Wunsch was removed for the international and DVD releases of the programme.
Other scientific arguments used in the film have been described as refuted or misleading by scientists working in the relevant fields. Critics have also argued that the programme is one-sided and that the mainstream position on global warming, as supported by the scientific academies of the major industrialised nations and other scientific organisations, is incorrectly represented.
Complaints received by Ofcom.
The British broadcasting regulator, the Office of Communications (Ofcom), received 265 complaints about the programme, one of which was a 176-page detailed complaint co-written by a group of scientists. Ofcom ruled on 21 July 2008 that the programme had unfairly treated Sir David King, the IPCC and Professor Carl Wunsch. Ofcom also found that part 5 of the programme (the 'political' part) had breached several parts of the Broadcasting Code regarding impartiality; however, the Code rules on impartiality did not apply to the scientific arguments in parts 1–4, because the link between human activity and global warming had largely been settled before March 2007. OfCom did not rule on the programme's accuracy, but did rule that: "On balance it did not materially mislead the audience so as to cause harm or offence." On 4 and 5 August 2008, Channel 4 and More 4 broadcast a summary of Ofcom's findings, though it will not face sanctions.
Reactions from scientists.
In a BBC interview about this study, Lockwood commented on the graphs shown in the documentary:
All the graphs they showed stopped in about 1980, and I knew why, because things diverged after that ... You can't just ignore bits of data that you do not like.
Criticism from two scientists featured in the programme.
Carl Wunsch.
Carl Wunsch, professor of Physical Oceanography at MIT, is featured in the Channel 4 version of the programme. Afterwards he said that he was "completely misrepresented" in the film and had been "totally misled" when he agreed to be interviewed. He called the film "grossly distorted" and "as close to pure propaganda as anything since World War Two", and he lodged a complaint with Ofcom. He particularly objected to how his interview material was used:
In the part of The Great Climate Change Swindle where I am describing the fact that the ocean tends to expel carbon dioxide where it is warm, and to absorb it where it is cold, my intent was to explain that warming the ocean could be dangerous—because it is such a gigantic reservoir of carbon. By its placement in the film, it appears that I am saying that since carbon dioxide exists in the ocean in such large quantities, human influence must not be very important—diametrically opposite to the point I was making—which is that global warming is both real and threatening.
Filmmaker Durkin responded:
Carl Wunsch was most certainly not 'duped' into appearing in the film, as is perfectly clear from our correspondence with him. Nor are his comments taken out of context. His interview, as used in the programme, perfectly accurately represents what he said. 
Professor Wunsch has stated that he finds the statements at both extremes of the global climate change debate distasteful he wrote in a letter dated 15 March 2007 that he believes climate change is "real, a major threat, and almost surely has a major human-induced component. But
I have tried to stay out of the `climate wars' because all nuance tends to be lost, and the distinction between what we know firmly, as scientists, and what we suspect is happening, is so difficult to maintain in the presence of rhetorical excess." He further cautiously states that "The science of climate change remains incomplete. Some elements are so firmly based on well-understood principles, or for which the observational record is so clear, that most scientists would agree that they are almost surely true (adding CO2 to the atmosphere is dangerous; sea level will continue to rise, ...). Other elements remain more uncertain, but we as scientists in our roles as informed citizens believe society should be deeply concerned about their possibility: failure of US midwestern (sic) precipitation in 100 years in a mega-drought; melting of a large part of the Greenland ice sheet, among many other examples."
Wunsch has said that he received a letter from the production company, Wag TV, threatening to sue him for defamation unless he agreed to make a public statement that he was neither misrepresented nor misled. Wunsch refused, although he states he was forced to hire a solicitor in the UK.
Following Wunsch's complaints, his interview material was removed from the international and DVD versions of the film.
On 7 December 2007, Wunsch restated his critique on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's Lateline programme after the film was screened, saying: "It's not a science film at all. It's a political statement." In the same interview, reacting to what he claimed were new and further distortions by Durkin, Wunsch said:
Durkin says that I reacted to the way the film portrayed me because of pressure from my colleagues. This is completely false. I did hear almost immediately from colleagues in the UK who saw the film who didn't berate me. They simply said, "This doesn't sound like you, this seems to be distorting your views, you better have a look at this".
Ofcom ruling on Wunsch complaint.
Ofcom divided Wunsch's complaint into three parts, ruling in his favour on two parts and against him on one part.
Eigil Friis-Christensen.
Eigil Friis-Christensen's research was used to support claims about the influence of solar activity on climate, both in the programme and Durkin's subsequent defence of it. Friis-Christensen, with environmental Research Fellow Nathan Rive, criticised the way the solar data were used:
We have concerns regarding the use of a graph featured in the documentary titled 'Temp & Solar Activity 400 Years'. Firstly, we have reason to believe that parts of the graph were made up of fabricated data that were presented as genuine. The inclusion of the artificial data is both misleading and pointless. Secondly, although the narrator commentary during the presentation of the graph is consistent with the conclusions of the paper from which the figure originates, it incorrectly rules out a contribution by anthropogenic greenhouse gases to 20th century global warming.
In response to a question from "The Independent" as to whether the programme was scientifically accurate, Friis-Christensen said: "No, I think several points were not explained in the way that I, as a scientist, would have explained them ... it is obvious it's not accurate."
Following Eigil Friis-Christensen's criticism of the 'Temp & Solar Activity 400 Years' graph used in the programme (for perfectly matching the lines in the 100 years 1610–1710 where data did not in fact exist in the original), Durkin emailed Friis-Christensen to thank him for highlighting the error: "it is an annoying mistake which all of us missed and is being fixed for all future transmissions of the film. It doesn't alter our argument".
Reaction in the British media.
The documentary received substantial coverage in the British press, both before and after it was broadcast.
Environmentalist and political activist George Monbiot, writing for "The Guardian" before the programme was shown, discussed the arguments for and against the "hockey-stick graph" used in "An Inconvenient Truth", claiming that the criticism of it has been "debunked". He also highlighted Durkin's previous documentary "Against Nature", where the Independent Television Commission found that four complainants had been "misled" and their views were "distorted by selective editing". After the programme was shown, Monbiot wrote another article arguing that it was based on already debunked science, and he accused Channel 4 of being more interested in generating controversy than in producing credible science programmes. Robin McKie, science editor of "The Guardian", attacked the documentary for opting "for dishonest rhetoric when a little effort could have produced an important contribution to a critical social problem".
Dominic Lawson, writing in "The Independent", was favourable toward the programme, echoing many of its claims and recommending it to the public. He largely focused his attention on the reactions of the environmental community, first at Durkin's earlier production, "Against Nature", and now at "The Great Global Warming Swindle". Lawson characterised the programme's opponents as being quick to leap to ad hominem attacks about the director's qualifications and political affiliations rather than the merits of his factual claims. Lawson summarised examples from the production of how dissenting scientists are pushed into the background and effectively censored by organisations such as the IPCC. Lawson described the correlation between sunspots and temperature as "striking."
Geoffrey Lean, "The Independent"'s environment editor, was critical of the programme. He noted that Dominic Lawson is the son and brother-in-law, respectively, of two prominent global warming sceptics (Nigel Lawson, who is also featured in the programme, and Christopher Monckton), implying that Lawson was not a neutral observer. "The Independent" mostly disagreed with three of the programme's major claims, for example stating that "recent solar increases are too small to have produced the present warming, and have been much less important than greenhouse gases since about 1850". In a later "Independent" article, Steve Connor attacked the programme, saying that its makers had selectively used data which was sometimes decades old, and introduced other serious errors of their own:
Mr Durkin admitted that his graphics team had extended the time axis along the bottom of the graph to the year 2000. 'There was a fluff there,' he said. If Mr Durkin had gone directly to the NASA website he could have got the most up-to-date data. This would have demonstrated that the amount of global warming since 1975, as monitored by terrestrial weather stations around the world, has been greater than that between 1900 and 1940—although that would have undermined his argument. 'The original NASA data was very wiggly-lined and we wanted the simplest line we could find,' Mr Durkin said.
The online magazine "Spiked" published an interview with Durkin, in which the director complained of how Ofcom censures "seriously controversial work", and that the end result is "phoney controversialism on TV but not much real controversialism". "Spiked" described the programme's "all-encompassing cosmic ray theory" as "a little unconvincing", but said that "the film poked some very big holes in the global warming consensus", and argued "we could do with more anti-conformist films from 'mavericks' like Durkin".
"The Times"'s science editor Mark Henderson listed a number of points where, in his opinion, "Channel 4 got it wrong over climate change". He highlighted the feedback argument for the ice core data, the measurement error explanation for temperatures in the troposphere, and the sulphate cooling argument for mid-20th century cooling.
Janet Daley, writing in "The Daily Telegraph" in a column headlined "The Green Lobby Must Not Stifle The Debate", noted that "Among those who attempted to prevent the film being shown at all was the Liberal Democrat spokesman on the environment, Chris Huhne, who, without having seen the programme, wrote to Channel 4 executives advising them in the gravest terms to reconsider their decision to broadcast it".
In response, Huhne sent a letter to "The Daily Telegraph" about Daley's column, writing "Janet Daley is simply wrong to state that I wrote to Channel 4 'advising them in the gravest terms to reconsider their decision to broadcast' Martin Durkin’s "The Great Global Warming Swindle". I wrote asking for Channel 4's comments on the fact—not in dispute—that the last time Mr Durkin ventured onto this territory he suffered serious complaints for sloppy journalism—upheld by the Independent Television Commission—and had to apologise." "The Daily Telegraph"
apologised, saying they were happy to accept that "Mr Huhne's letter was not an attempt to prevent the film being shown or suppress debate on the issue".
The Christopher Booker book "The Real Global Warming Disaster" provides a detailed synopsis of the programme, as well as an account of the subsequent complaints and Ofcom verdict.
Other reactions.
David Miliband, at the time the UK Secretary of State for Environment, Farming and Rural Affairs, presented a rebuttal of the main points of the film on his blog and stated that "there will always be people with conspiracy theories trying to do down the scientific consensus, and that is part of scientific and democratic debate, but the science of climate change looks like fact to me."
Steven Milloy, who runs the website Junkscience.com, endorsed the documentary on 18 March 2007.
The programme has been discussed extensively in Australia, including favourable mentions in an editorial in "The Australian" and the "Counterpoint" radio programme presented by Michael Duffy. "The Australian" stated the film "presents a coherent argument for why governments must hasten slowly in responding". Duffy noted the program's claims regarding Margaret Thatcher. In response, writing in an opinion piece for the "Australian Financial Review", John Quiggin criticised the programme for putting forward "conspiracy theories". According to "The Australian", scientist Tim Flannery had wondered at a conference whether the programme should be classified as fiction rather than a documentary. In a critical review of the documentary, Barry Brook stated "Amongst the selected contrarian 'experts' Durkin has rallied to his cause, there are Tim Ball and Patrick Michaels (who also happen to deny that CFCs cause damage to the ozone layer), and Fred Singer and Richard Lindzen (who, in earlier incarnations, had been active denialists of the link between passive smoking and lung cancer, despite neither having any medical expertise)."
In the Czech Republic, President Václav Klaus addressed the audience of the first local release of the movie on 28 June 2007. He called the premiere a "meeting of supporters of reason against irrationality" and compared the warnings of scientists against global warming to Communist propaganda. According to Czech news, Klaus—an outspoken critic of scientific consensus on global warming—has been the first head of state to endorse this movie.
In September 2008, Iain Stewart presented a documentary series "The Climate Wars" covering the climate change debate, in which a clip from Durkin's film showing the link between solar activity and temperature was shown, noting 'it seems a convincing argument!'. Stewart's documentary then showed that the correlation didn't hold if more recent data (available at the time but not used in "The Great Global Warming Swindle") was included.
Reaction to DVD release.
Thirty-seven climate scientists wrote a letter urging Martin Durkin to drop plans to release a DVD of the film. In the letter they say Durkin "misrepresented both the scientific evidence and the interpretations of researchers." Durkin said in response: "The reason they want to suppress "The Great Global Warming Swindle" is because the science has stung them".
He acknowledged two of the errors mentioned by the scientists—including the claim about volcanic emissions—but he described those changes as minor and said they would be corrected in the expanded DVD release.
In response to the call by these scientists not to market a DVD of the film, "Times" columnist Mick Hume, described environmentalism as a "new religion", saying "Scientists have become the equivalent of high priests in white coats, summoned to condemn heretics".
The DVD was released in the UK on 30 September 2007. Christopher Monckton, a prominent British global warming sceptic, is funding the distribution of the documentary in English schools as a riposte to Al Gore's "An Inconvenient Truth", which is also being shown in schools.
Durkin's response to his critics.
On 17 March 2007, "The Daily Telegraph" published a response by Durkin, "The global-warmers were bound to attack, but why are they so feeble?" In it, he rejected any criticism of the close correlation between solar variation and temperature change, saying that Friis-Christensen stood by his work, and that "No one any longer seriously disputes the link between solar activity and temperature in earth's climate history." He accepted that the time axis of one graph was incorrectly labelled when the programme was first transmitted, but said that this does not change his conclusions. Regarding the Carl Wunsch controversy (see above), he repeated that Wunsch was not duped into taking part in the programme. (Ofcom later ruled against Durkin on this point.)
Durkin went on to reject his opponents' position that the cooling period observed post Second World War was caused by sulphate aerosol cooling: "Thanks to China and the rest, SO2 levels are far, far higher now than they were back then. Why isn't it perishing cold?" He concluded by saying that the "global warming alarm...is wrong, wrong, wrong."
Commenting at a Cannes film festival press conference on 17 April 2007, Durkin noted: "My name is absolute mud on the Internet; it's really vicious," adding "There is no good scientific basis for it but the theory continues to hold sway because so many people have built their careers and reputations on it."
The Armand Leroi correspondence.
"The Times" reported that Durkin had seriously fallen out with a scientist who had been considering working with him. Armand Leroi, a geneticist, was concerned that Durkin had used data about a correlation between solar activity and global temperatures which had subsequently been found to be flawed. Leroi sent Durkin an e-mail in which he said that he thought the programme "made some good points (the politics of the IPCC) and some bad points (anthropogenic global warming is a conspiracy to keep Africa underdeveloped)" but said what had most interested him was some of the scientific claims about solar activity and global temperature; he said he looked for citations of the 1991 Friis-Christensen scientific paper used in the programme.
While Leroi acknowledged "I am no climate scientist" he said that after reviewing criticisms of the paper, he had become convinced that: "To put this bluntly: the data that you showed in your programme were wrong–and may have been deliberately faked... it does show what abundant experience has already taught me–that, left to their own devices, TV producers simply cannot be trusted to tell the truth."
Leroi copied the e-mail to other parties including "The Guardian" journalist and Bad Science columnist Ben Goldacre and science writer and mathematics expert Simon Singh. Durkin replied to all with the single sentence: "You’re a big daft cock". Singh then sent an email to Durkin that said: "I have not paid the same attention to your programme as Armand has done, but from what I did see it is an irresponsible piece of film-making. If you can send me a copy of the programme then I will examine it in more detail and give you a more considered response...it would be great if you could engage in the debate rather just resorting to one line replies".
Durkin responded: "The IPCC's own figures show the hottest year in the past ten was 1998, and the temp has been flat-lining now for five years. If it's greenhouse gas causing the warming the rate of warming should be higher in the troposphere than on the surface. The opposite is the case. The ice core data shows that temperature change causes the level of atmospheric to change — not the other way round. Why have we not heard this in the hours and hours of shit programming on global warming shoved down our throats by the BBC?", and concluded with, "Never mind a bit of irresponsible film-making. Go and fuck yourself". Durkin later apologised for his language, saying that he had sent the e-mails when tired and had just finished making the programme, and that he was "eager to have all the science properly debated with scientists qualified in the right areas".
Ofcom investigation of complaints.
Ruling.
In an 8400-word official judgement issued on 21 July 2008 the British media regulator Ofcom declared that the final part of the film dealing with the politics of climate change had broken rules on "due impartiality on matters of major political and industrial controversy and major matters relating to current public policy". Ofcom also backed complaints by Sir David King, stating that his views were misrepresented, and Carl Wunsch, on the points that he had been misled as to its intent, and that the impression had been given that he agreed with the programme's position on climate change. Ofcom further ruled that the IPCC had not been given an adequate chance to respond to adverse claims that its work was politicised and that it had made misleading claims about malaria. However, the regulator said that because "the link between human activity and global warming... became settled before March 2007", in parts 1–4 the audience was not "materially misled so as to cause harm or offence". According to Ofcom the program caused no harm because "the discussion about the causes of global warming was to a very great extent settled by the date of broadcast", meaning that climate change was no longer a matter of political controversy.
Channel 4 said in its defence against the complaints that "The Great Global Warming Swindle" "was clearly identified as an authored polemic of the kind that is characteristic of some of Channel 4’s output", and Ofcom said in its decision that it was "of paramount importance that broadcasters, such as Channel 4, continue to explore controversial subject matter". Ofcom declined to rule on the accuracy of the programme, saying: "It is not within Ofcom's remit or ability in this case as the regulator of the 'communications industry' to establish or seek to adjudicate on 'facts' such as whether global warming is a man-made phenomenon." It noted that it only regulates "misleading material where that material is likely to cause harm or offence" and "as a consequence, the requirement that content must not materially mislead the audience is necessarily a high test."
The regulator ruled that the parts of the programme about the scientific debate "were not matters of political or industrial controversy or matters relating to public policy and therefore the rules on due impartiality did not apply." In the fifth segment of the programme concerning the political controversy and public policy, however, Ofcom ruled that the programme-makers were "required to include an appropriate wide range of the significant views" but "failed to do this." Channel 4 was required to broadcast a summary of the Ofcom ruling but was given no further sanctions.
General responses.
Robert Watson, a former chair of the IPCC, also welcomed Ofcom's ruling that the film had committed a number of breaches of the broadcasting code but expressed disappointment "that Ofcom did not find that the programme materially misled the audience as to cause harm or offence." He characterised the film as inaccurate, not impartial, unbalanced and misrepresentative of the scientific consensus on climate change. Another former IPCC chair, Sir John Houghton, likewise commented that "it's very disappointing that Ofcom hasn't come up with a stronger statement about being misled." Bob Ward, the former head of media at the Royal Society, who played a major role in coordinating objections to the film, asserted that "the programme has been let off the hook on a highly questionable technicality", noting that although the ruling acknowledged that "Channel 4 had admitted errors in the graphs and data used in the programme", the regulator had nonetheless "decided that this did not cause harm or offence to the audience."
Rajendra K. Pachauri, the current chair of the IPCC, welcomed the ruling as "a vindication of the credibility and standing of the IPCC and the manner in which we function, and clearly brings out the distortion in whatever Channel 4 was trying to project." The Royal Society's head, Lord Rees, issued a statement in response to the ruling, commenting: "TV companies occasionally commission programmes just to court controversy, but to misrepresent the evidence on an issue as important as global warming was surely irresponsible. 'The Great Global Warming Swindle' was itself a swindle. The programme makers misrepresented the science, the views of some of the scientists featured in the programme and the work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change."
Channel Four's response.
The ruling was welcomed by Channel 4's Head of Documentaries, Hamish Mykura who commissioned the film stating the channel was "pleased" that Ofcom found the film did not "materially mislead the audience."
When questioned by television industry e-zine C21 about Ofcom's finding against the channel Mykura said:
It has scrutinised the documentary in great detail over 16 months. Any film scrutinised for that long would have revealed some factual inaccuracies, but crucially, it's said that what it found was not of a significant magnitude to materially mislead the viewer. It said that there were some things that weren't right, but ultimately it has exonerated us.
While he said that he regretted that 'there were some breaches of the code' he said there was 'a degree' to which he disagreed with the complaints they upheld:
On the complaint from Sir David King, there was a quote by a contributor in the film that was wrong, which he had wrongly picked up from someone else and was quoting. On the second point regarding the IPCC, Ofcom decided that we didn't give it enough time to respond to the allegations presented. We gave them 10 days, so you can decide as to whether you feel that's enough time. And on the complaint from Carl Wunsch, he complained that we hadn't made it significantly clear he would be appearing on a polemic climate change programme. But we told him we were going to explore the issues of the counter argument to global warming and he got the same letter as everyone else, and no-one else claimed they didn't know what they'd be appearing on.
Contributors to the programme.
The film includes appearances from the following individuals:
International distribution.
The documentary has been sold to Sweden's TV4, (who aired it in April 2007) Denmark's DR2, Germany's RTL (on 11 June 2007) and n-TV (on 7 July 2007), Finland's MTV3 (on 7 October 2007) and Hong Kong's TVB Pearl (on 16 November 2007). Negotiations are underway with the United States network ABC and France's TF1.
A modified version (running time 55 minutes) of the documentary was shown in Germany. Many interviews were cut out, with others replaced by German speaking interview partners, and some claims were abandoned or changed. For example, the reference to Margaret Thatcher was replaced by the claim that Helmut Schmidt promoted climate change to justify the construction of nuclear power plants in Germany. The programme on RTL was followed by a discussion roundtable.
A shortened version, excluding the interview with Carl Wunsch and claims about volcanoes, among other material, was shown by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on 12 July 2007. "The Australian" reported that this was "against the advice of ABC science journalist Robyn Williams, who instructed the ABC Television not to buy the program." Williams described the programme as "demonstrably wrong", and claimed that the ABC board had put pressure on ABC TV director Kim Dalton for the programme to be shown. Dalton defended the decision, saying "[Durkin's] thesis is way outside the scientific mainstream. But that's no reason to keep his views away from audiences"
The broadcast was followed by an interview between Durkin and ABC reporter Tony Jones, in which Jones challenged Durkin on a number of points, including the accuracy of graphs used in the program, criticism of the program's claims by climate scientists, its allegation of a conspiracy theory and the claims of misrepresentation by Carl Wunsch. This was followed by a panel discussion, including participation from a studio audience. Lateline, which followed, included an interview with Wunsch. (See Carl Wunsch section for full details.)
New Zealand broadcast.
A version of "The Great Global Warming Swindle" (edited by Durkin to remove errors) was broadcast in New Zealand on Prime TV, 8:40 pm, 1 June 2008. Following the program there was an hour long panel discussion, moderated by Prime presenter Eric Young, including the following people:
Manning and Wratt stated that the IPCC reports represented the well documented consensus amongst the scientific community that climate change was a real phenomenon and that human activities, including emissions, were the most likely cause.
Smith disputed that there was evidence that caused temperature rises. He referred further science issues to de Lange. Smith made several references to the many scientists whose research and publications refuted the human causes of climate change, however no details were provided.
Baxter was supportive of the IPCC consensus. She reminded the group on several occasions that there were several known funding connections between the groups most vocal in raising doubts about and large industrial companies (such as ExxonMobil).
At the end of the session, two different graphs were shown with more recent data than that used in "The Great Global Warming Swindle".

</doc>
<doc id="9869128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869128" title="Late Miocene">
Late Miocene

The Late Miocene (also known as Upper Miocene) is a sub-epoch of the Miocene Epoch made up of two stages. The Tortonian and Messinian stages comprise the Late Miocene sub-epoch.
The sub-epoch lasted from 11.608 ± 0.005 Ma (million years ago) to 5.332 ± 0.005 Ma. The Late Miocene Period was when the Australian species "Thylacinus potens" lived.

</doc>
<doc id="9869137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869137" title="Letter to His Father">
Letter to His Father

Letter to His Father () is the name usually given to the letter Franz Kafka wrote to his father Hermann in November 1919, indicting him for his emotionally abusive and hypocritical behavior towards him. 
Kafka hoped the letter would bridge the growing gap between him and his father, though in the letter he provides a sharp criticism of both:
"Dearest Father,
According to Max Brod, Kafka actually gave the letter to his mother to hand on to his father. His mother never delivered the letter but returned it to her son. The original letter, 45 pages long, was typewritten by Kafka and corrected by hand. Two and a half additional pages were written by hand.
The letter, translated into English by Ernst Kaiser and Eithne Wilkins, was published in a bilingual edition by Schocken Books in 1966, and included in several Schocken collections of Kafka's works. A new translation by Hannah and Richard Stokes was published by Oneworld Classics in 2008 under the title "Dearest Father".
Editions.
The following collections include Kafka's "Letter to His Father" (Kaiser and Wilkins translation):

</doc>
<doc id="9869142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869142" title="N.Y. Scum">
N.Y. Scum

N.Y. Scum is a live album by Psychic TV. The album was released as a 12" vinyl record in a limited edition of 5,000 copies. It was later released on CD along with a performance in Tokyo performance as "Thee City Ov Tokyo/Thee City Ov New York".
Track listing.
Side A: "New York Scum"
Side B: "Haters"

</doc>
<doc id="9869149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869149" title="William Sidney Porter House">
William Sidney Porter House

The William Sidney Porter House or O. Henry House is a historic structure in Austin, Texas. William Sidney Porter, better known as the author O. Henry, lived there between 1893 and 1895. The Porter house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18, 1973. The house is known today as the O. Henry Museum.
The cottage is a simplified version of the Eastlake Style of architecture. The house was built in 1886 and rented between 1893 and 1895 by William Sidney Porter, better known as the author O. Henry. Porter lived in the house with his wife, Athol, and daughter, Margaret, before they moved to Houston, where Porter began writing full time for the "Houston Post".
The residence remained a rental property until 1930 when it was to be demolished to construct a warehouse. In January 1934, a committee representing the Colonial Dames, the Daughters of the American Revolution, the Daughters of 1812, the Daughters of the Republic of Texas and the Daughters of the Confederacy submitted a proposal to the Austin City Council, that if the city would accept the house as a donation from the Austin Rotary Club and relocate the house, the women's organizations would work to restore the house and open it as a "shrine." The City of Austin had the house moved the from its original location at 308 East 4th Street to its current location at Brush Square, 409 East 5th Street. The house was restored and opened as a museum in 1934. The many period pieces on display include some of the Porter's furniture and personal belongings. The structure underwent further restoration in 1994–95 with a renewed roof and the replacement of four brick chimneys lost in 1934.
It is the site of the annual O. Henry Pun-Off, a spoken pun competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9869167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869167" title="Radisav Ćurčić">
Radisav Ćurčić

Radisav Ćurčić (, Hebrew: ראדיסאב צ'ורצ'יץ') (born September 26, 1965 in Čačak, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Serbian basketball player, who also holds an Israeli citizenship. In addition to representing the Yugoslavian national basketball team at several Olympic events, he also played one season in the NBA. He is 206 cm tall (6'9"), and played center.

</doc>
<doc id="9869171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869171" title="1966 Candlestick Park tornado">
1966 Candlestick Park tornado

On March 3, 1966, a violent F5 tornado, dubbed the "Candlestick Park tornado" after the name of a Jackson, Mississippi shopping mall which was leveled by the storm, wrought catastrophic damage in Mississippi and Alabama along a track. The tornado first touched down in Hinds County, Mississippi around 4:00 p.m. CST and moved towards northeast before dissipating at 7:45 p.m. CST in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama.
Meteorological synopsis.
On March 3, 1966, the atmosphere over Mississippi was ripe for a violent tornado. In the upper-levels of the troposphere, a fairly strong jet stream, with winds estimated at , oriented itself northeastward over the state, providing strong diffluence. A large mid-level trough, centered near Sioux Falls, South Dakota, was the overall system that produced the tornado. It featured low millibar heights roughly four times below the standard mean. Additionally, an unusually strong mid-level jet stream with winds provided additional energy to the storm system. The final factor in the development of the Candlestick Park storm was a subtle wind shift near the surface. At the higher levels, winds flowed from the southwest to the northeast in relation to the jet stream; however, closer to the surface, the inflow from the low pressure system over South Dakota resulted in a south to north flow, allowing for rotation within storms.
In the hours prior to the tornado forming, convective available potential energy (CAPE) values of 1554 j/kg were present, indicating significant instability. However, dry air at higher levels created a capping inversion, limiting the number of thunderstorms that could develop. Later on, a warm front moved passed Jackson, Mississippi, allowing more moist air into the region and increasing lapse rates. This cap served to prevent a tornado outbreak but allowed the formation of a few discrete strong storms. With this, a supercell thunderstorm developed over central Mississippi and produced a large tornado around 4:00 pm CST near the old Adams community in Hinds County, several miles south-southwest of Raymond.
Tracking generally to the northeast, the tornado moved through mostly rural areas, though several barns and a few homes were heavily damaged. Around 4:30 pm CST, the storm struck the southern limits of Jackson as an F4 or F5 tornado and mostly leveled the Candlestick Park shopping center. Cinder-blocks from the structure were scattered for long distances.A number of homes and businesses were also destroyed in this area. Eyewitness reported pavement scouring, and that a few cars were tossed upwards of by the tornado. Many homes and businesses in the area were completely destroyed by the tornado, including a glass factory that was severely mangled. A brick Baptist church was destroyed with such force that it seemingly "exploded". Once it moved through Jackson, the storm crossed the Pearl River and entered Rankin County. In Rankin County, the tornado's progress became unclear as it passed through mostly rural areas and an industrial complex. Currently, it is believed to have continued a nearly straight northeastward track through the entire county. However, reports from locals indicate that the tornado turned slightly more northward.
Near the Leesburg community, the tornado reached its maximum strength of F5, where multiple homes were swept away, large swaths of trees were leveled, pavement was scoured, and chicken houses were obliterated. Similar damage took place as the system moved into Scott County, though specifics are scarce for this portion of the storm's history. Crossing into Leake County along Mississippi Highway 35, the tornado took a more northeasterly track, passing near the communities of Madden and Salem. In Neshoba County, the storm began to weaken, though not considerably as about a dozen more homes were destroyed before the system crossed into Alabama. After crossing the border, significant damage continued through Pickens and Tuscaloosa Counties before the tornado finally dissipated near the city of Tuscaloosa around 7:45 p.m. CST. During the storm's three hour and forty-five minute existence, it traveled roughly , one of the longest paths ever recorded.
Impact.
Throughout Mississippi, damage from the tornado amounted to $17.9 million (1966 USD) ($ ( USD)). The most severe damage took place at the Candlestick Park shopping center in southern Jackson where 12 people were killed. Much of the building was leveled and only one wall remained standing.
Historic perspective.
Prior to the Candlestick Park tornado, there had only been one other F5 (the other occurring on December 5, 1953) to touch down in Mississippi. The next storm of this intensity would not take place until April 27, 2011, when two EF5 tornadoes touched down near the towns of Philadelphia and Smithville. Overall, the tornado ranks as the second-deadliest and longest-tracked in the state's history, having killed 57 and traveled ; however, excluding outside portions of the track, it ranks third. In general, it is also regarded as one of the most devastating tornadoes to ever strike Mississippi.
In the decades following the tornado, reassessments on the history of the storm have been made; most notably the Jackson, Mississippi branch of the National Weather Service and meteorologist Thomas P. Grazulis both indicate that there were two separate tornadoes. Based on reports from residents who experienced the tornado, a second one formed as the original dissipated, a common occurrence in cycling supercell thunderstorms. Though there is agreement on this feature, the results have not been implemented into the National Climatic Data Center's severe weather database, thus it is still officially considered one tornado. According to the study by Grazulis, the tornado dissipated over Leake County and a second tornado, estimated at F2 strength, touched down in Pickens County, Alabama. However, this leaves a gap in the track over Neshoba County where one person was killed.
On the 40th anniversary of the tornado, the National Weather Service in Jackson published a section on the tornado titled "If the Tornado Happened Today," briefly detailing the scale of damage in relation to the new developments since the tornado. Given that exactly the same tornado took place in 2006, the loss of life would be considerably higher. Striking at rush hour, numerous vehicles would be in the path of the tornado as it crossed Interstates 20 and 55 as well as U.S. Route 80. Despite vastly improved warning systems, the population density of Jackson would lean towards a higher likelihood of fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="9869190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869190" title="KKFT">
KKFT

KKFT (99.1 FM, "99.1 FM Talk") is a commercial radio station located in Garnderville-Minden, Nevada, broadcasting to the Carson City, Nevada, area. KKFT airs news/talk radio programming.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9869195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869195" title="Lug (knob)">
Lug (knob)

A Lug (knob) is a typically flattened protuberance, a knob, or extrusion on the side of a vessel: pottery, jug, glass, vase, etc. They are sometimes found on prehistoric ceramics/stone-vessels such as pots from Ancient Egypt, Hembury ware, claw beakers, and boar spears.
A lug may also only be shaped as a lip for suspension–(no hole). In Ancient Egypt, lugs contained a hole for suspension, with 2– or 3–lugged vessels most common.
In Roman times, "lugs" were on some types of column-sections to aid in construction. After slung by rope into position with a crane, the lugs were then masoned off.

</doc>
<doc id="9869212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869212" title="Middle Miocene">
Middle Miocene

The Middle Miocene is a sub-epoch of the Miocene Epoch made up of two stages: the Langhian and Serravallian stages. The Middle Miocene is preceded by the Early Miocene.
The sub-epoch lasted from 15.97 ± 0.05 Ma to 11.608 ± 0.005 Ma (million years ago). During this period, a sharp drop in global temperatures took place. This event is known as the Middle Miocene Climate Transition. 
For the purposes of establishing European Land Mammal Ages this sub-epoch is equivalent to the Astaracian age.

</doc>
<doc id="9869231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869231" title="Lizard Head">
Lizard Head

Lizard Head (often called Lizard Head Peak) is a mountain in Colorado, one of the 637 peaks above 13,000 feet in elevation in the state (see thirteeners). It is located in the San Juan Mountains on the border between San Miguel County and Dolores County, within the Lizard Head Wilderness and just southeast of a group of three Colorado fourteeners, Mount Wilson, Wilson Peak, and El Diente Peak. Lizard Head is only the 556th highest peak in Colorado by most standard definitions,
but its towering spire-like form makes it one of the most spectacular.
Lizard Head lies northwest of Colorado State Highway 145 at Lizard Head Pass. Lizards Head Trail climbs west from Trout Lake along Black Face Mountain ridge and past the south face of Lizard Head toward Wilson Peak.
The peak was used in a famous logo by the Rio Grande Southern Railroad.
Geology.
The rock spire of Lizard Head looks like an old eroded volcanic plug but it is actually composed of extrusive volcanic ash flows of Oligocene age resting on older sedimentary rocks of Eocene age.
Climbing.
Lizard Head is one of the most difficult summits in Colorado to climb.
The story of the first ascent makes a memorable and harrowing tale. In the words of Albert Ellingwood,
Despite the serious and daunting objective hazards, the first ascent team completed the climb and descent safely in a feat of mountaineering skill.

</doc>
<doc id="9869234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869234" title="'50s on 5">
'50s on 5

The '50s on 5 (or just The '50s) is a commercial-free, satellite radio station on the Sirius XM Radio platform. It plays mostly Top 40 pop, doo wop, and rock and roll hits from the 1950s and early '60s, although they occasionally play historically signifficant songs from the late '40s and mid '60s. The channel broadcasts on Sirius XM channel 5, as well as on Dish Network channel 6005. As of February 9, 2010, Direct TV has dropped Sirius XM in favor of a new music service called SonicTap.
From 2001-08, the Program Director for XM's '50s on 5 was Ken Smith and its Music Director was Matt "the Cat" Baldassarri; both men were dismissed from the channel in October 2008 following XM's merger with former rival Sirius. On November 12, 2008, the '50s on 5 was added to the Sirius platform, replacing the Sirius Gold channel.
Like the other decades channels, The '50s on 5 attempts to recreate the feel of 1950s radio. They use similar DJ habits, jingles, period slang, and news updates. The channel was also used for XM's annual pop music chronology, IT.
Shows.
Sundays 9 pm ET
Bobby B spins the street corner with the a cappella harmony known as doo-wop. You'll hear the essential sounds of early rock and roll on the hippest show on the radio.
Saturdays 11 pm ET
Memphis radio personality Alex Ward brings you music, stories and interviews with the personalities of the '50s Memphis music scene, including Sam Phillips, Rufus Thomas and more.

</doc>
<doc id="9869235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869235" title="Jibbitz">
Jibbitz

Jibbitz is a company founded by Rich and Sheri Schmelzer in 2005 to create decorative attachments for the holes in Crocs sandals. The company, based in Boulder, Colorado, was acquired by Crocs in December 2006 for $20 million.

</doc>
<doc id="9869303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869303" title="Godzilla Trading Battle">
Godzilla Trading Battle

Godzilla Trading Battle (ゴジラ トレーディングバトル) is a PlayStation video game released only in Japan in 1998 by Toho Co., Ltd. It featured almost every Toho kaiju up to that point as well as six new monsters created for the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9869316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869316" title="Louie Russo">
Louie Russo

Luigi "Louie" Russo is a fictional character in Mark Winegardner's "The Godfather Returns". Russo serves as the Don of the Chicago Outfit from 1955 to 1961.
Biography.
Louie Russo and his brother, Willy, were 'made' under Al Capone. His brother was one of the men sent to kill Vito Corleone during the Castellamarese war (mentioned in "The Godfather"), although he was eventually killed by Luca Brasi.
Russo holds a grudge against the Corleones for years for his brother's death, at one point attempting (unsuccessfully) to have Vito's son Fredo killed. After Michael Corleone becomes Don in 1955, however, Russo tricks him into believing that the bad blood between them is over. Under Russo, the Chicago mob expands into the New York area and interferes with the Corleones' Las Vegas casinos. Russo unsuccessfully conspires with Vincent Forlenza and Nick Geraci to kill Michael Corleone, in the process indirectly duping Fredo into betraying his brother to Hyman Roth.
In June 1961, he invites Tom Hagen to his supper club/gambling house in rural Illinois with the intention of killing him. He, Hagen, a rower, and two Russo "soldatos" go out on a gondola in his man-made lake. On the course of the trip, as part of Michael's revenge, Hagen strangles one "soldato" while the rower hits Russo and the other "soldato" with his oar. Hagen then personally kills Russo on his boat, with Russo's own gun, and dumps the bodies in the lake.
Personality.
In his appearances in "The Godfather Returns", Russo is portrayed as a cruel, vindictive man whose methods of retribution are particularly vicious, even by Mafia standards; in the sequel "The Godfather's Revenge", Tom Hagen describes Russo as "a sick man, in ways I don't like to think about." Following an assassination attempt years before, in which his eyes are permanently damaged, he wears large black sunglasses to shield them from the light. When he inadvertently shows his uncovered eyes to Tom Hagen after his glasses are knocked off, Hagen notes that they are red with a green ring in the middle. The novel reveals that Russo is estranged from his gay son, but still uses him as a source of information on closeted rivals for purposes of blackmail and gamesmanship with other families.

</doc>
<doc id="9869321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869321" title="Doug Ricketson">
Doug Ricketson

Doug Ricketson (born 1939, Sydney, Australia), was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition. He played for the Eastern Suburbs and Penrith clubs and is the father of Eastern Suburbs' longest serving player, Luke Ricketson. 
A centre, Ricketson was a member of the Eastern Suburbs side that was defeated by St George in the 1960 Grand Final. He also represented Sydney in a match against Great Britain. In 1967, Ricketson played for Penrith in their debut season in the NSWRFL premiership before a knee injury brought about an end to his career.
Formerly an athletic coach at Waverley College, in Sydney, Ricketson spent many years coaching in country areas including Temora where his daughter Kylie was born and South Grafton.

</doc>
<doc id="9869353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869353" title="Muramatsu Flutes">
Muramatsu Flutes

The Muramatsu company is a Japanese company that manufactures flutes. Their handmade flutes are made from sterling silver, 9K, 14K, 18K, and 24K gold, as well as platinum. The 18K, 24K, and platinum flutes may be purchased by special order only.
The factory is located in the city of Tokorozawa, Japan. The sister company that sells the flutes is and is located in Shinjuku, Tokyo, with branches in Osaka, Nagoya, and Yokohama in Japan, and dealers all over the world.
Other famous flutists who use this brand include Sharon Bezaly.

</doc>
<doc id="9869354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869354" title="Rosewood, Florida">
Rosewood, Florida

Rosewood is a former populated place in Levy County, Florida, United States. The site is located just off of State Road 24 about northeast of Sumner and northeast of Cedar Key. The town was destroyed and subsequently abandoned in 1923 as a result of the Rosewood massacre.
History.
Rosewood was settled in 1845, nine miles (14 km) east of Cedar Key, near the Gulf of Mexico. Local industry centered on timber. The name Rosewood refers to the reddish color of cut cedar wood. Two pencil mills were nearby in Cedar Key; several turpentine mills and a sawmill three miles (4.8 km) away in Sumner helped support local residents, as did farming of citrus and cotton. The hamlet grew enough to warrant the construction of a post office and train depot on the Florida Railroad in 1870, but it was never incorporated as a town.
The initial settlers of Rosewood were both black and white. When most of the cedar trees in the area had been cut by 1890, the pencil mills closed, and many white residents moved to Sumner. By 1900, the population in Rosewood had become predominantly black. The village of Sumner was predominantly white, and relations between the two communities were relatively amicable. The population of Rosewood peaked in 1915 at 355 people. Two black families in Rosewood named Goins and Carrier were the most influential. The Goins family brought the turpentine industry to the area, and in the years preceding the attacks, were the second largest landowners in Levy County. To avoid lawsuits from white competitors, the Goins brothers moved to Gainesville, and the population of Rosewood decreased slightly. The Carriers were also a large family, responsible for logging in the region. By the 1920s almost everyone in the close-knit community was distantly related to each other. Although residents of Rosewood probably did not vote because voter registration requirements in Florida had effectively disfranchised blacks since the turn of the century, both Sumner and Rosewood were part of a single voting precinct counted by the U.S. Census. In 1920, the combined population of both towns was 344 blacks and 294 whites.
As was common in the late 19th century South, Florida had imposed legal racial segregation under Jim Crow laws, requiring separate black and white public facilities and transportation. Blacks and whites created their own community centers: in 1920, the residents of Rosewood were mostly self-sufficient. They had three churches, a school, a large Masonic Hall, a turpentine mill, a sugarcane mill, a baseball team named the Rosewood Stars, and two general stores, one of which was white-owned. The village had about a dozen two-story wooden plank homes, other small two-room houses, and several small unoccupied plank farm and storage structures. Some families owned pianos, organs, and other symbols of middle-class prosperity. Survivors of Rosewood remember it as a happy place. In 1995 survivor Robie Mortin recalled at age 79, "Rosewood was a town where everyone's house was painted. There were roses everywhere you walked. Lovely."
In January 1923, white men from nearby towns lynched a Rosewood resident allegedly in response to unsupported accusations that a white woman in nearby Sumner had been beaten and possibly raped by a black drifter. When black citizens defended themselves against further attack, several hundred whites organized to comb the countryside hunting for black people and burned almost every structure in Rosewood. Survivors hid for several days in nearby swamps and were evacuated by train and car to larger towns. Although state and local authorities were aware of the violence, they made no arrests for the activities in Rosewood. The town was abandoned by black residents during the attacks. None ever returned.
In the spring of 1994, the Florida state legislature voted $2million of compensation for the surviving families. (Like Judgment Day; Michael D'orso; 1996)
In December 2010, a state scholarship was established for descendants of families that survived the massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="9869359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869359" title="World Russian People's Council">
World Russian People's Council

The World Russian People's Council () is an international public organization and forum.
It is a place of meeting for people who are united under a shared objective – concern over the present and future of Russia. In Council sessions, participants include governmental representatives, leaders of public associations, clergy members of the major religions in Russia, science and culture figures, and delegates of Russian communities from the near and far abroad.
The World Russian People's Council was founded in 1993. It is headed by the Apostolical Patriarch of Moscow and Russia, Kirill. 
Regional departments operate in many Russian cities, including Volgograd, Kaliningrad, Smolensk, and Sarov.
On 21 July 2005, the World Russian People's Council was given special consultative status within the United Nations.
During its 10th meeting, held on 4–6 April 2006 in Moscow's Cathedral of Christ the Saviour, it adopted "The Russian Declaration of Human Rights".

</doc>
<doc id="9869360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869360" title="The Highway (Sirius XM)">
The Highway (Sirius XM)

The Highway is a hit, new country radio channel on the Sirius XM Radio service. It plays no commercials. It is available on channel 59 (previously 16) on XM, channel 59 (previously 60) on Sirius (replacing New Country on November 12, 2008) and channel 6059 on Dish Network. Until February 9, 2010, it was on channel 814 on Direct TV until the Sirius XM programming was dropped.
The Highway is also available through the Sirius XM internet listening service, and through its app for Ipad, Iphone, and Android Devices.
The Highway broadcasts from the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, TN, as well as Sirius XM's New York City studios. 
The Highway is among the most popular music channels on satellite radio.
Recent exclusive programming includes artist "Town Hall" broadcasts with Jason Aldean, Taylor Swift, and Ronnie Dunn, and live concerts with Tim McGraw, Luke Bryan, and The Band Perry.
The channel has created stars through its "Highway Find" feature; which gives airplay to unsigned and independent artists - bypassing the traditional record company lock on the business. The Highway was the first to play Florida Georgia Line before the duo had a record deal.

</doc>
<doc id="9869404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869404" title="Jaime Yoshiyama">
Jaime Yoshiyama

Clemente Jaime Yoshiyama Tanaka (born July 23, 1944) is a Japanese Peruvian and Fujimorist politician. He was the president of the Democratic Constitutional Congress. He was also the Minister of the Presidency under Alberto Fujimori.
Biography.
Yoshiyama was born on July 23, 1944 in Huancayo, Junín. From 1960 to 1965, he studied at the National University of Engineering (Universidad Nacional de Ingeniería), where he graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Industrial Engineering. He attended ESAN University, a prestigious Peruvian postgraduate School, and graduated as a Valedictorian in 1967 getting a MBA degree. He earned scholarships to attend Michigan State University graduating with a Master in Business Administration in 1969, and Harvard University with a Master in Public Administration (Economics and Economic Development) 1976.
In July 1990 he was President of the Board of Directors of Electrolima and then President of the Committee on Privatizacion of Public Enterprises (Comisión de Privatización de la empresas Públicas (COPRI)).
He was the founder of the Fujimorist alliance Change 90-New Majority (Cambio 90-Nueva Mayoría). He was President of the Democratic Constitutional Congress in 1993. He was also Minister of Transport and Communications (January–October 1991), Minister of Energy and Mines (November 1991-September 1992),and Minister of the Presidency (October 1995-September 1996) during the first and second term of Alberto Fujimori, respectively.
Born at Huancayo, Yoshiyama ran for Mayor of Lima but lost to Alberto Andrade. 
On June 21, 2006 judicial proceedings were initiated against Yoshiyama and twelve other former ministers of Alberto Fujimori for their involvement in the 1992 self-coup. On December 2007, Yoshiyama was found guilty on a charge of rebellion but was only given a four year suspended sentence as he was considered a secondary accomplice.

</doc>
<doc id="9869440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869440" title="Head cleaner">
Head cleaner

Head cleaner

</doc>
<doc id="9869445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869445" title="Early Miocene">
Early Miocene

The Early Miocene (also known as Lower Miocene) is a sub-epoch of the Miocene Epoch made up of two stages: the Aquitanian and Burdigalian stages.
The sub-epoch lasted from 23.03 ± 0.05 Ma to 15.97 ± 0.05 Ma (million years ago). It was preceded by the Oligocene epoch. As the climate started to get cooler, the landscape started to change. New mammals evolved to replace the extinct animals of the Oligocene epoch.The first members of the hyena and weasel family started to evolve to replace the extinct "Hyaenodon", entelodonts and bear-dogs. The chalicotheres survived the Oligocene epoch. A new genus of entelodont called "Daeodon" evolved in order to adapt to the new habitats and hunt the new prey animals of the Early Miocene epoch; it quickly became the top predator of North America. But it became extinct due to competition from "Amphicyon", a newcomer from Eurasia. "Amphicyon" bested "Daeodon" because the bear-dog's larger brain, sharper teeth and longer legs built for longer chases helped it to overcome its prey. 

</doc>
<doc id="9869474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869474" title="Vickram Bahl">
Vickram Bahl

Vickram Bahl (born 1964) is a leading Television journalist and commentator in India.
Currently he is Editor in Chief of the Television production News and Features Agency, ITMN, and has a weekly talk show, Insight - "with Vickram Bahl", which is telecast on Doordarshan, [http://www.ddindia.gov.in/, India's National Broadcaster since 2005. This long running weekly show has had Royalty, Heads of States and Governments and leading artists as guests. The other popular programme produced and presented by him is Opportunities Overseas, also telecast on Doordarshan. 
He has been presenting television popular programmes such as "Biz Talk, Future Tense, Face to Face" and "Global Vision" on "Jain TV", which is among the first Indian private television satellite channels. He has also been presenting the Annual Indian Budget on Jain TV and Sahara TV. 
The interview with President Vladimir Putin of Russia in January 2007 had been the only full length television interview given to Indian TV around his trip to India. 
His interview with President Dmitry Medvedev of Russia on Insight -with Vickram Bahl in December 2008 was widely quoted.
On 12 March 2010 he hosted Prime Minister Putin on a live webcast in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9869488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869488" title="Thomas Ivie">
Thomas Ivie

Thomas Ivie was an English colonial administrator, the third agent of Madras after Andrew Cogan and Francis Day. He served in his post from 1644 to 1648. 
During Ivie's period, the English got a confirmation of the grant of Madras from Damarla Venkatapathy Nayak's nephew and successor, Srirangarayalu. A new grant was issued confirming the English acquisition of Madras. Copies of this new grant which were presented to factor Greenhill by the new Raya in October/November 1645 have survived to the present day. As per the new grant, the village of Narikamedu to the west of Madraspatnam was added to the East India Company's dominions.
It was in 1646 that the first Hindu temple was constructed in Madras since the English acquisition. It was dedicated to Chenna Kesava Perumal and built on part of the grounds of the present High Court.The endownments were made by Naga Bhattan,the Company's powder-maker and Beri Timanna.
A few years from the English acquisition of Madras, the Sultan of Golconda attacked the region around Madras and the Raja of Chandragiri was forced to flee. The English, however, were diplomatic enough to establish cordial relations with the emerging Muslim power and offered the Sultan the services of their gunner when he blockaded Santhome in 1646.

</doc>
<doc id="9869489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869489" title="Ritchie Nobilio">
Ritchie Nobilio

Richard Nobilio is a fictional character in the novels "The Godfather Returns" and "The Godfather's Revenge".
Character description.
He was born in the same neighborhood as Pete Clemenza, whom he always admired, and who eventually became his mentor in the family.
In 1955, he becomes a made man and enters Clemenza's "regime". After Clemenza's death in 1958, he joins Frank Pentangeli's regime. After Pentangeli commits suicide in 1959, Nobilio becomes the new "caporegime". From then on, he is Michael Corleone's top earner and one of his most trusted men on the streets.

</doc>
<doc id="9869494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869494" title="Constitution of Uganda">
Constitution of Uganda

The Constitution of Uganda is the supreme law of Uganda. The current constitution was adopted on October 8, 1995. It sanctions a republican form of government with a powerful president. 2005 amendments removed presidential term limits and legalized a multi-party political system.

</doc>
<doc id="9869524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869524" title="Bagula">
Bagula

Bagula is a Village situated in Nadia district of West Bengal, India. It is 93 km from Kolkata. Near about 90000 people is living here. It comes under Ranaghat North-East Legislative Assembly and Ranaghat Lokshabha.
Geography.
Bagula is located at . It has an average elevation of 6 metres (20 feet).
People:
Bagula is mainly populated by Bengali speaking people . Bagula is known for Akanno (51) Pith Kali Pujar Mela, which is held in a famous Cremation area situated beside the railway station. This town also has a famous Post Office ( Bagula Post Office) & cultural Hall.The people of surrounding villages (e.g. Durgapur,Harindanga, Haritala, Koikhali, Pandit pur, Bara Chupria, Garapota, Bhawani pur, Kuti Para, Gour Nagar, Mura Gacha, Haldi Para)are connected with Bagula for their daily needs, transport and banking. The Famous folk singer Late Gostho Gopal Das used to reside in Bagula at Puratan Para (Near Dhan Hata), and mesmerized person of Bengal through his melodious singing. Specially for the songs dedicated to Late Indira Gandhi and honored by Late Prime Minister Rajeev Gandhi. Bagula spread her popularity by her sons and daughter in all over the World.
Education:
Bagula is a highly educated area. Near about 70% people are service holder in Government and private sector. In between Bagula panchyat (1 & 2) there is a college, 8 High School and 12 Primary School (Up to class Five) and in between these school all High school and 8 primary school are government sponsored. Srikrishna College of Bagula is a notable educational institution of West Bengal.
Notable schools are Bagula Higher Secondary School, Bagula Purbapara Higher Secondary School, H.C.S.C. Srikrishna Balika Bidyapith.Ramnagar High School(H.S),Bhawanipur High School, Haritala High School, Muragachha High School,Ulasi J.S.Vidyapith, Patikabari High School, Haldipara High School, Bhyana High School, Taraknagar Jamuna Sundari High School, Garapota High School, Gazna High School,etc. And many Primary Schools. There is also an English medium preschool Kids Academy and many K.G. Schools, they are named Bagula Kids Academy followed by I.C.S.E curriculum,Shri Hari Shishu Niketan, Smritikona Juvenile Academy.
In the year 2012, with the effort of a group of persons namely Shri Pradip Joardar, Shri Nipendranath Bol, Dr. Probodh Biswas, Shri Samiran Biswas and many others, and their thinking for a better future of the pupils of that area, a new English medium school has came up, the "Bagula Public School", at Bangshinagar. It is based and is running on C.B.S.E curriculum.
Transport:
Bagula is connected by Road, Railways. The local train connects Bagula with Kolkata via Ranaghat. A few notable halt stations come en route to Ranaghat are Bhaina, Bahirgachhi, Aranghata, Panchbaria, Bankim Nagar. Although notable halt stations come en route to GEDE are Halish Nagar, Bunpur, Majdia, Taraknagar, Mayur Hat. Although it connects to Gede India-Bangla Desh Border through Train via Maitri Express.Gede Sealdah Route is the main route of Sealdah section. 
Bagula also connects Ranaghat and Krishnanagar by bus as well. Bus route to Kishnnagar is via Hanshkhali, which is known for Churni river. Now there is available road transport directly to Bagula from Ranaghat beside the train line. It takes maximum half an hour to travel to Bagula from Ranaghat by Private car or Motor bikes or small public transport (Trecker, Auto, Tata Magic etc.).
Health & Safety: 
"Bagula Rural Hospital" is the only government Health center of Bagula. 2 posted doctor, 8 Nurse, 9 group D staffs and 1 Ambulance is always ready to serve their best to the people of Bagula. It has 30 bed capacity which is very low but good as something is better than nothing. There are two private nursing home named "Sanjeevani" and "Shyamali" nursing home also servicing for the people of Bagula and near about locality. There is also an Animal health center in Bagula which is government sponsored. 
For the safety of people all the staffs of "Hanskhali police Station" and "Bagula Police Fandi" doing their best.
Financial Area:
Now know about some financial condition of Bagula. In this village there are five branch of SBI, BOI, BOB, ALBK and Gramin Bank. There are two sub branch of SBI is situated at Gazna and Haritala. In the year 2001 Bagula post office was take first place whole over the India for money transaction through "Western Union Money transfer" and Bagula SBI branch take the first place in West Bengal for their maximum business. There are 12 ATM's of various bank situated at Bagula's main Area.
Political View:
Bagula is divided into two "Panchyat" area known as 1 no Panchyat and 2 no Panchyat. It comes under Ranaghat North-east legislative assembly and Ranaghat Loksabha. Political leaders has a support to updated Bagula from an unknown village to popular village at this time.
Gallery

</doc>
<doc id="9869550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869550" title="Differential avidity hypothesis">
Differential avidity hypothesis

The differential avidity hypothesis (or simply avidity hypothesis) is one of two models that attempt to explain how humans have immunity despite such aggressive selection (positive and negative) to kill developing T cells during their maturation process in the thymus. The other model is the Differential Signaling Hypothesis.
The avidity hypothesis states that the affinity of the T-cell receptor for the MHC:peptide complex and the density of the complex provide different signal strengths upon binding, which in turn dictates the outcome. During positive selection, a strong signal leads to deletion while a weak signal leads to survival and further thymic development. 

</doc>
<doc id="9869558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869558" title="Maximum the Hormone">
Maximum the Hormone

The group is best known for their unconventional and experimental style of alternative metal music. Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of metal, punk, hardcore, pop, and ska into their sound. Stylistically, their music runs the gamut from being dark and serious, to ironic or humorous, often with drastic shifts in tempo and mood over the course of a song. Their music videos often have a tongue-in-cheek aspect as well, such as "Rolling1000t00n", which features an underdog (with the requisite karate training montage) facing up to a bully, or "Koi no Mega Lover", which features an awkward young man whose clumsy amorous advances are rejected by a beautiful girl at a party.
History.
1998–2001: Formation, early days, line-up change, and the meaning of their name.
Maximum the Hormone was formed in 1998 by Daisuke Tsuda and Nao Kawakita. After a couple of regional shows, the band signed a contract with the Japanese rock label Sky Records. "A.S.A. Crew" was the first album released under that label and was the only full length album released with this lineup. At that time Daisuke wrote his songs only in English, and 'Maximum the Hormone' was also written in Latin letters. That changed when Key and Sugi left the band in 1999.
While looking for new members to join the band, Nao thought of her younger brother Ryo, who had been playing the guitar since his years in junior high school and could sing very well, too. From then on, the two men split up most of the vocals, Daisuke taking care of the screaming and rap vocals and Ryo the more melodic parts. Ue joined as well, completing the quartet as the bassist. After that major change the band decided to root their lyrics and band name in katakana to reflect the change in the band members. In 2001, the band released an EP, "Hō".
When asked about the group's name in an interview, Maximum the Ryo-kun stated "Take it as you like, it means anything from the Japanese cuisine for cooking animal innards to the sensation of the maximum amount of your hormones coming to the boil! Although when we go abroad people think we’re just some sorta sexual energy drink."
"Hormone" (or horumon) is a style of yakiniku (Japanese BBQ) where many of the typically discarded internal organs are grilled in bite sized pieces and eaten.
2002–2005: "Mimi Kajiru", "Kusoban" and "Rokkinpo Goroshi".
In 2002, the band left Sky Records and signed with Mimikajiru Records. The band released a new single, "Niku Cup", followed by a full length album, "Mimi Kajiru".
After their first full album as a band, the band took a more traditional approach to recording, releasing two singles, followed by an album. Their next album, "Kusoban" in 2004, was closer yet to the contrasting heavy music mixed with light pop that has gained them mainstream attention.
After the release of "Kusoban" on 2004, the band signed to VAP, a major record label.
After recording another pair of singles, the band released another album, "Rokkinpo Goroshi". The release caused a surge in their fanbase, as they began to sell out more shows, playing many rock festivals, and eventually releasing a live DVD, "Debu Vs. Debu". In addition, "Rolling1000toon" was featured as an ending theme for the "Air Master" anime, as well as being featured in DrumMania 10th Mix as a playable song. The song's title, is actually a play on words. Combined, the number 1000 (pronounced "sen"), and "toon" (pronounced "ton") form the phrase "rolling senton". A senton is a leaping move, in pro wrestling, that often includes somersaults. The concept is illustrated at the end of the music video, when the protagonist (bassist Ue-chan) fells the bully character by leaping into the air, doing several mid-air flips, then landing the final blow.
2006–2007: "Buiikikaesu" and commercial success.
In 2006 the band entered popular culture with the song "Koi no Mega Lover", which reached number nine on the Oricon charts during the summer – their first top-ten hit in Japan. The band had two of their songs featured in anime series; "What's Up, People?!" and "Zetsubou Billy" are featured as the opening and ending tracks, respectively, in the second season episodes of the "Death Note" anime series, and "Akagi" is featured as the ending theme for the "Akagi" anime series.
After the promotion from two singles, and the songs featured on television, Maximum the Hormone released their next album, "Buiikikaesu". The album was a record for the band, debuting at number five on the Oricon charts; their first full album to rank. Also, in Japan the album went Gold.
2008–2010: "Tsume Tsume Tsume" and first and second hiatus.
In 2008, the band released their second live DVD: "Deco Vs. Deco", and made their first overseas appearance in a short tour through the United States and Canada in support of Dropkick Murphys. On May 3, Maximum the Hormone performed at the hide memorial summit alongside many other artists, in memory of the deceased musician. A new single titled "Tsume Tsume Tsume/「F」" containing those titular songs and "Kill all the 394", was released at the start of the "Tsume Tsume Tsume" tour in July, and reached the number 2 spot on the Oricon weekly singles chart. The tour continued through to October 16, 2008, with an additional tour finale, which took place on November 30. The subject of the song "「F」" is "Dragon Ball" character, Freeza.
On October 27, Maximum The Hormone made their first UK appearance supporting Enter Shikari at the Bournemouth BIC. They continued to tour with Enter Shikari until November 3, playing venues in Exeter, Southampton and Folkestone, before ending with 2 nights at the London Astoria. However, prior to the Enter Shikari dates, it was announced that Daisuke would require corrective surgery on his throat, causing the band to go on temporary hiatus while he recovered. The hiatus started in December and lasted for several months.
After Daisuke had recovered from his throat surgery the band went on to headline several shows in Japan with support from Bring Me The Horizon and Blessed By A Broken Heart in May 2009, as well as going on to win the award for "Best Rock Video" for "Tsume Tsume Tsume" in the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards Japan.
On November 19, 2009, the band released a statement via their official website stating that Nao was pregnant, but after discussions with her fellow band members and staff, had decided to continue with all shows. However, on November 3 Nao fell ill and was transported to the hospital, where she was told that it would be unhealthy for her and the baby to continue performing. This resulted in the band going on hiatus until Nao had carried the baby to term and forced them to cancel all shows including an appearance at the Soundwave Festival 2010 in Australia.
On May 6, 2010, the band released another statement through their website stating that Nao gave birth to a healthy baby girl and that they would no longer be on hiatus. The band members appeared as extras in the live-action adaptation of "BECK".
Notably, in 2009, Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman performed an instrumental cover of Tsume Tsume Tsume on his tribute/cover album Tokyo Jukebox. Though not mentioned in the title, near the end of the track, he segues into an abbreviated version of Maximum the Hormone's Louisiana Bob.
2011–present: Return, "Greatest the Hits" and "Yoshu Fukushu".
Later in February 7, 2011, the band released a video for the songs "Chiisana Kimi no Te (小さな君の手)" - translates to "Your Little Hands" - and "maximum the hormone" on their official website.
The band's single titled "Greatest the Hits 2011–2011" was released on March 23, debuting at number 1 spot on the Oricon weekly singles chart. In June they will be touring Europe.
In early August they played at Pentaport Rock Festival in Incheon, South Korea.
Their newest album "Yoshu Fukushu" was released on July 31, 2013, their first full album in 6 years. It was their first album to reach number one on Oricon's charts the week after its release. The CD features unique packaging, as it is approximately the height and width of a standard DVD case, and bound like a manga. According to the band's official website, it is "A frantic 156-page book with "Our Merciless Home'war'k" descriptions, a dialogue style track-by-track rundown for all 15 songs by Maximum The Ryo-kun, Ryo-kun's inner world is exposed by professional manga artists"
On June 2, the group released the video for the song "A-L-I-E-N", but as a prank, they placed it on a randomly relocating URL, so page visitors would only have a random chance of seeing the video, depending on luck. The music video for the album's title track, "Yoshu Fukushu", was released on July 26, 2013. In 2011, prior to release, the album track "Benjo Sandal Dance" (Toilet Sandal Dance) was used in a Stride gum commercial, "Evolution Rock", featuring the band in full special effects makeup as early primates. In keeping with the band's quirky aesthetic, the song Benjo Sandal Dance lyrically references Maximum the Ryo-kun's habit of wearing toilet sandals, traditionally strictly only for wearing in the bathroom, at all times. As referenced in the song's lyrics, as well as their FAQ, he exclusively wears toilet sandals sold under the brand name VIC, made by Nishibe Chemical Co. Ltd. Dunhill. In September, the band announced a special merchandise package, including both a t-shirt, and limited edition VIC sandals with the Maximum the Hormone logo stamped in the heel.
Musical Style.
Maximum the Hormone performs nu metal and hardcore punk but incorporates many elements of pop, funk, ska and extreme metal into their music as well which helps to distinguish them from many typical nu metal and hardcore punk bands. Allmusic's Alexey Eremenko writes that Maximum the Hormone is distinguished by "a general lack of the teenage angst and self-importance characteristic of true nu-metalers". Their funky sound, heard in many songs such as "Maximum 21st Century", is mostly produced by bass player Ue-Chan using the slapping technique, often referred to as "The Chopper" by the band (both in their FAQ, and their song A-L-I-E-N).

</doc>
<doc id="9869561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869561" title="Telescopic observations strategic framework">
Telescopic observations strategic framework

The telescopic observations strategic framework – a strategic planning tool designed to enhance intelligence gathering and improve marketing planning.
The telescopic observations strategic framework or TOSF (Panagiotou and van Wijnen, 2005) presents an original and radical alternative to SWOT analysis. According to the authors, its integrative design overcomes some of the weaknesses of other available techniques whilst utilising the strengths of SWOT and PEST analyses.
The framework aims to provide a more focused solution to the complex requirements of environmental analysis, intelligence gathering and decision-making, and has been used in various organisational settings since 1999.
The telescopic observations system can be best described as a dynamic programme of continuous situational monitoring, intelligence gathering, organisational learning, and performance monitoring to inform decision making and direct the strategy formulation and re-formulation process.
Focus on strategic direction
At its core, the programme is based on the step-by-step completion of two comprehensive matrices, each with two stages of completion.
Step 1 – Situational analysis to determine the current situation
Step 2 – Evaluation of the findings
Step 3 – Strategy formulation and implementation of SMART strategies
Step 4 – Monitoring and control

</doc>
<doc id="9869577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869577" title="Georgia Gould">
Georgia Gould

Georgia Gould (born January 5, 1980 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American professional mountain bike, cyclocross competitor, and Olympian (2008, 2012). She has earned five career national championships – four in cross-country mountain bike in 2006, 2010, 2011 and 2012, and one in short track mountain bike in 2009. In 2012, Gould won the bronze medal at the London Olympic Games in cross country mountain bike. Since 2006 Gould has been employed by the LUNA Chix Pro Team. She currently resides in Fort Collins, Colorado with her husband, Dusty LaBarr.
Major Accomplishments.
Mountain Bike.
Every year since 2006 Georgia Gould has finished on the podium of the USA Mountain Bike National Championships in either cross-country, short track, or both. She earned national titles in cross-country in 2006, 2010, 2011 and 2012, and short track in 2009. In 2007, Gould became only the second woman in history to sweep all six of the USA National Mountain Bike Series races (formerly NORBA). The last to do so was American Juli Furtado in 1993. Gould reprised her NMBS series win in cross-country in 2008, and again by winning the 2010 US Pro Cross-Country Tour.
Internationally Gould has been similarly successful: In 2012 she won the bronze medal for cross-country mountain bike at the 2012 Olympic Games in London. In 2008 she finished 5th overall in the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup, and followed it with a 4th place overall in 2010. In 2007 she won the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Mountain Bike Championships in Neuquén, Argentina, propelling the US Women's mountain biking program to the top of international rankings.
Cyclocross.
Georgia Gould has excelled in cyclocross both domestically and internationally, finishing no worse than third in the USA Cyclocross National Championships since 2006 (save for 2009 and 2011 when she did not compete in the event). She has won the U.S. Gran Prix of Cyclocross series three times (2007, 2008, and 2010) and the North American Cyclocross Trophy once in 2008. Internationally Gould won the 2008 GP Hotel Threeland in Pétange, Luxembourg and placed 3rd in the 2008 Grand Prix Nommay, part of the UCI Cyclocross World Cup.
Equal Pay for Women Cyclists.
In December 2007 Gould became known for the “Gould Formula” – a proposal to award equal prize money to the top five men and women finishers in international cyclocross events. A petition delivered to the UCI (cycling’s governing body) stated: “We, the undersigned, find it regrettable that there is a considerable disparity between the UCI minimum prize money for men and women. We understand that because competition in the men’s field is deeper, more places receive prize money. We do not understand why the women who are receiving prize money receive less than their male counterparts. Therefore we propose that the UCI show leadership and mandate equal prize money for the top five men and women. Article 3 of the UCI Constitution states: «The UCI will carry out its activities in compliance with the principles of: a) equality between all the members and all the athletes, license-holders and officials, without racial, political, religious or other discrimination.» We ask the UCI to honor its commitment to equality.”
Achievements.
Georgia Gould's career highlights

</doc>
<doc id="9869592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869592" title="Ali Sayyid Muhamed Mustafa al-Bakri">
Ali Sayyid Muhamed Mustafa al-Bakri

The Egyptian Ali Sayyid Muhamed Mustafa al-Bakri () alias Abdul-Aziz al-Masri (
) (b. 1966 in Bani Suwayf) is a member of "majlis al-shura" of the terrorist organization al-Qaeda, and a former member of Egyptian Islamic Jihad, from which he migrated to al-Qaeda along with Ayman al-Zawahiri. Al-Bakri is at large, and the United States Department of State is offering up to US$5 million for information about his location. The State Department wanted poster reads
Ali Sayyid Muhamed Mustafa al-Bakri is an al-Qaida member and an explosives and chemical weapons expert. He is a member of the al-Qaida Shura council and is a close associate of al-Qaida leaders Saif al-Adel and Ayman al-Zawahiri. Prior to joining al-Qaida, al-Bakri was a member of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad terrorist group, under the direction of Ayman al-Zawahiri. He served as an instructor in al-Qaida's camps in Afghanistan, providing terrorist recruits with training in the use of explosives and chemical weapons. Al-Bakri also unsuccessfully attempted to hijack a Pakistani Air passenger flight in December 2000. It is likely that he continues to train al-Qaida terrorists and other extremists.
For his membership in al-Qaeda, al-Bakri (under the surname Bakri) is under worldwide embargo by the United Nations Security Council Committee 1267. The UN entry about him, from 2005, says that al-Bakri may be in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="9869601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869601" title="1922 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1922 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1922 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 17th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. The tournament saw first-time entries from Hawaii, Italy and Romania. Australia would storm through the Qualifying Round finals, but would fall to defending champions the United States in the challenge round. The final was played at the West Side Tennis Club in New York City, United States on 1–5 September. 
Qualifying Rounds.
Draw.
1Canada and Hawaii defaulted after being drawn away to European entries, because of the difficulties of travel. The withdrawals of Japan and the Philippines were likely for the same reason; in the following year the draw would be divided into geographical zones to lessen the amount of travel required.

</doc>
<doc id="9869619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869619" title="Jerome Ringo">
Jerome Ringo

Jerome C. Ringo (born March 2, 1955), an advocate for environmental justice, clean energy, and quality jobs, is the immediate past chairman of the National Wildlife Federation (NWF), and an associate research scholar and McCluskey Fellow for Conservation at Yale University.
In assuming the reins of the NWF in 2005, he became the first African American in history to chair a major conservation advocacy organization. Ringo is also president of the Apollo Alliance, a coalition of organized labor, environmentalist, business and civil rights leaders dedicated to freeing the United States of dependence on foreign oil.
Early life.
Jerome Ringo was the third of six children born to Earl Ringo, a retired postal worker, and Nellie Ringo, a nurse. Ringo grew up in Bayous of Southern Louisiana during the height of the American civil rights movement, during which time Earl worked to racially integrate public schools in Louisiana.
His father would often play recordings of speeches by the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. When he was thirteen, he and his brothers prepared to become the first black students to enroll in previously segregated schools in Lake Charles, Louisiana. In the middle of the night, their father awakened the boys, telling them to crawl up to the front window. When the boys looked out, they witnessed a posse of Ku Klux Klansmen, who were burning a cross in their front yard.
He was the only African-American working as ranger at the world's largest Scout camp, in Cimarron, New Mexico.
Ringo attended college, planning to major in education at both Louisiana Tech University and McNeese State University. Before earning a degree, however, he decided to take a job in the petrochemical industry in 1975, lured by a high salary.
Career.
After college, Ringo worked in the petrochemical industry for 22 years, over half of that time as a union leader. Many of his relatives lived just beyond the fence from these industries, so he saw the impacts of pollution from refineries first hand. He noted that employees at the refinery wore masks and protective clothing, but that the neighbors across the fence, who were predominantly poor and black, received no such protection, and suffered disproportionately high levels of cancers and respiratory diseases.
Eventually, Ringo decided to help educate the people in communities affected by petrochemical pollution, teaching them how to effectively stop the discharge of chemicals into neighborhoods around refineries, leading to the beginning of his environmental activism. Ringo began his environmental activism in 1991, by becoming member of the Calcasieu League for Environmental Action Now (CLEAN), an affiliate of the Louisiana Wildlife Federation. Among the 20,000 members of the statewide group, he was the first black ever to join.
Rather than trying to shut refineries and chemical plants down, he advocated the lobbying of state legislators on environmental laws, and encouraged citizens to show up at public hearings, where, as a community, they could express their fears and concerns and speak truth to power.
Ringo was transferred to Malaysia, and during one of his return trips to the United States in 1994, he was offered early retirement. After accepting the offer, he committed his life to full-time work on behalf of people beyond the refinery fences lines.
In 1998, he was the sole African-American delegate at the Global Warming Treaty negotiations in Kyoto, Japan, where he delivered an address. He also has spoken at the Central American conference on sustainable development in Belize City, Belize. He has addressed many historically-Black colleges and other universities, including the University of Michigan School of Natural Resources and Environment and at the University of Oregon's Public Interest Environmental Law Conference.
Apollo Alliance.
As president of the Apollo Alliance, Ringo is working to educate the public and lobby in Washington, D.C. about the need to invest in alternative clean-energy sources, energy-efficient technology and jobs by building diverse coalitions. The Apollo Alliance seeks to reinvest in the competitiveness of American industry, rebuild cities, create good jobs, and ensure good stewardship of the economy and natural environment. "We are an organization that looks like the face of America," Ringo has said.
The name of the alliance was chosen to pay homage to John F. Kennedy's Apollo program, which successfully put a man on the moon in 1969. The Apollo Alliance has been endorsed by leaders of the AFL-CIO, the Sierra Club, Greenpeace USA, the National Wildlife Federation, the Union of Concerned Scientists, the NAACP and other activist groups.
National Wildlife Federation.
In 1996, Ringo was elected to serve on the board of directors of the National Wildlife Federation, a seventy-year-old conservation organization which comprising 4.5 million members and over 700 employees. Since becoming chairman of the board the in 2005, Ringo has sought to further the NWF's partnerships with other organizations, particularly those involved with combating ecologocial dangers in poor and minority neighborhoods. He spearheads programs that reach into urban and minority communities, including schoolyard habitat programs such as Earth Tomorrow, which focuses on minority kids in elementary, middle, and high schools.
"The single greatest issue for me as an environmentalist is climate change," Ringo told Mother Jones in 2005.[http://www.motherjones.com/news/qa/2005/05/jerome_ringo.html]
Ringo envisions a new movement in environmentalism, where everyone becomes involved in planning for the future together. He believes that real success, in energy security, public health, environmental protection and social justice, will come when environmentalists are united and empowered to meet as equals with corporate interests.

</doc>
<doc id="9869627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869627" title="Shabana Azmi filmography">
Shabana Azmi filmography

From her first film in 1974, Shabana Azmi has been part of over one hundred projects.

</doc>
<doc id="9869631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869631" title="Underwater ice hockey">
Underwater ice hockey

Underwater ice hockey (also called sub-aqua ice hockey) is a minor extreme sport that is a variant of ice hockey. It is played upside-down underneath frozen pools or ponds. Participants wear diving masks, fins and wetsuits and use the underside of the frozen surface as the playing area for a floating puck. Competitors do not utilize any breathing apparatuses, but instead surface for air every 30 seconds.
It is not to be confused with underwater hockey, in which the floor of a swimming pool and a sinking puck are used.
Origins.
The idea for the sport is attributed to Christian Redl, an Austrian freediver who is notable for various world free-diving depth records under ice.
Competition.
The first Underwater Ice Hockey World Cup was held at Weissensee, Austria in February 2007. Finland finished first, followed by Austria and Slovakia. The other playing nations were Czech Republic, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Slovenia. The second Underwater Ice Hockey World Cup was held in February 2013 at Weissensee, Austria with Austria winning the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9869643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869643" title="Greatest Hits (Suzy Bogguss album)">
Greatest Hits (Suzy Bogguss album)

Greatest Hits is the first greatest-hits album by American country music singer Suzy Bogguss. It was released on March 8, 1994 via Liberty Records. Eight of her Top 40 singles are here including her Grammy-nominated duet with Lee Greenwood, previously available only on his own "A Perfect Ten" album. Her first two singles from "Somewhere Between" are included as well, even though neither reached Top 40.
Certifications.
RIAA Certification

</doc>
<doc id="9869661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869661" title="Texas Christian University Press">
Texas Christian University Press

Texas Christian University Press (or TCU Press) is a university press that is part of Texas Christian University.
The press is currently publishing Patrick Dearen's "To Hell and the Pecos", a 2012 novel set along a desolate 79-mile section of the Butterfield Trail in the Pecos River country of West Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9869669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869669" title="Zarah Garde-Wilson">
Zarah Garde-Wilson

Zarah Garde-Wilson (born 1978) is an Australian solicitor in Victoria who has acted for many persons under investigation by Victoria Police in relation to the Melbourne gangland killings of 1998-2006.
Garde-Wilson is a graduate of the University of Western Australia, where she resided at St. George's College.
Upon graduation, Garde-Wilson commenced articles of clerkship with Perth and Melbourne criminal law firm Pryles & Defteros.
She was the girlfriend of Lewis Caine, a victim in 2004 gangland killings.
Garde-Wilson was set to face trial on charges of possessing an unregistered gun that had allegedly belonged to Caine. She was acquitted of this charge and also charges of giving false evidence to the Australian Crime Commission.
Garde-Wilson successfully challenged the decision by the Victorian Legal Services Board in 2006 to not renew her certificate to practise law in the state; she is now regarded as a "fit and proper person". This follows a conviction on contempt of court charges for failing to testify against the men later convicted of killing Caine. In the drama series Underbelly Garde-Wilson is played by actress Kestie Morassi
Personal life.
Garde-Wilson gave birth to a daughter, Samantha, in late 2008. In September 2010 she gave birth to twins, Max and Sophie. In December, 2011, the father of her three children, Lansley Simon was charged with the murder of Paul Thornell.In 2013 Simon was found not guilty by a jury.

</doc>
<doc id="9869680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869680" title="HOX">
HOX

HOX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9869683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869683" title="Michel Philippot">
Michel Philippot

Michel Paul Philippot (2 February 1925 in Verzy – 28 July 1996 in Vincennes) was a French composer, mathematician, acoustician, musicologist, aesthetician, broadcaster, and educator.
Life.
Philippot’s studies of mathematics were interrupted by World War II, after which he decided instead to study music, first at the Conservatory of Reims, and then at the Paris Conservatoire (1945–48), where he studied harmony with Georges Dandelot. He also took private composition lessons from 1946 to 1950 with René Leibowitz, who introduced him to the music of the Second Viennese School. In 1949 he began a career at ORTF in a position as a music producer. In 1959 he became assistant to Pierre Schaeffer in the Groupe de Recherches Musicales, and later worked under Henri Barraud at France-Culture. From 1964 to 1972 he was in charge of music programs, then became a technical adviser to the Director General of Radio France and to the President of the Institut National de l'Audiovisuel. From 1969 to 1976 he also taught musicology and aesthetics at the Universities of Paris I and IV, and from 1970 was Professor of Composition at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris. In 1976 he moved to Brazil in order to create the department of music at the University of the State of São Paulo, as well as to take up a position as Professor at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro. Upon returning to France in 1983, he resumed his occupation as technical advisor to INA (until 1989) and his professorship at the Paris Conservatory (until 1990).
Philippot’s compositions are almost exclusively instrumental, in a style indebted in part to Debussy, while his essentially contrapuntal textures adhere to the Schoenbergian principle of continuous variation.
His honors include the Grand Prix national de la musique (1987), and the presidency of the Académie Charles Cros.
Writings (selective list).
A complete list and full French texts of many items: Michel Philippot: Écrits 

</doc>
<doc id="9869692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869692" title="Southampton Township Schools">
Southampton Township Schools

The Southampton Township Schools are a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Southampton Township, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district's three schools had an enrollment of 816 students and 69.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.83:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "GH", the third highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Public school students from Southampton Township in ninth through twelfth grades attend Seneca High School located in Tabernacle Township, serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Shamong, Southampton, Tabernacle and Woodland Townships. The school is part of the Lenape Regional High School District. The district also serves students from Evesham Township, Medford Lakes, Medford Township, Mount Laurel Township, Shamong Township, Tabernacle Township and Woodland Township.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2010-11 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="9869709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869709" title="Nicastrin">
Nicastrin

Nicastrin, also known as NCSTN, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "NCSTN" gene.
Nicastrin (abbreviated NCT) is a protein that is part of the gamma secretase protein complex, which is one of the proteases involved in processing amyloid precursor protein (APP) to the short Alzheimer's disease-associated peptide amyloid beta. The other proteins in the complex are presenilin, which is the catalytically active component of the complex, APH-1 (anterior pharynx-defective 1), and PEN-2 (presenilin enhancer 2). Nicastrin itself is not catalytically active, but instead promotes the maturation and proper trafficking of the other proteins in the complex, all of which undergo significant post-translational modification before becoming active in the cell. Nicastrin has also been identified as a regulator of neprilysin, an enzyme involved in the degradation of amyloid beta fragment.
History.
The protein was named after the Italian village Nicastro, reflecting the fact that Alzheimer's disease was described in 1963 after studying descendants of an extended family originating in the village of Nicastro that had Familial Alzheimer's Disease (FAD).
Interactions.
Nicastrin has been shown to interact with PSEN1 and PSEN2.

</doc>
<doc id="9869717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869717" title="Fibroblast growth factor receptor 2">
Fibroblast growth factor receptor 2

Fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) also known as CD332 (cluster of differentiation 332) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "FGFR2" gene residing on chromosome 10. FGFR2 is a receptor for fibroblast growth factor.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the fibroblast growth factor receptor family, where amino acid sequence is highly conserved between members and throughout evolution. FGFR family members differ from one another in their ligand affinities and tissue distribution. A full-length representative protein consists of an extracellular region, composed of three immunoglobulin domains, a single hydrophobic membrane-spanning segment and a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domain. The extracellular portion of the protein interacts with fibroblast growth factors, setting in motion a cascade of downstream signals, ultimately influencing mitogenesis and differentiation. This particular family member is a high-affinity receptor for acidic, basic and/or keratinocyte growth factor, depending on the isoform.
Isoforms.
FGFR2 has two naturally occurring isoforms FGFR2IIIb and FGFR2IIIc, created by splicing of the third immunoglobulin-like domain. FGFR2IIIb is predominantly found in ectoderm derived tissues and endothelial organ lining, i.e. skin and internal organs. FGFR2IIIc is found in mesenchyme, which includes craniofacial bone and for this reason the mutations of this gene and isoform are associated with craniosynostosis.
Interactions.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 has been shown to interact with FGF1.
The spliced isoforms, however differ in binding:
These differences in binding are not surprising, since FGF ligand is known to bind to the second and third immunoglobulin domain of the receptor.
Clinical significance.
Mutations (changes) are associated with numerous medical conditions that include abnormal bone development (e.g. craniosynostosis syndromes) and cancer.
Function and mutations.
FGFR2 has important roles in embryonic development and tissue repair, especially bone and blood vessels. Like the other members of the Fibroblast growth factor receptor family, these receptors signal by binding to their ligand and dimerisation (pairing of receptors), which causes the tyrosine kinase domains to initiate a cascade of intracellular signals. On a molecular level these signals mediate cell division, growth and differentiation.
As mentioned, FGFR2 mutations are associated with craniosynostosis syndromes, which are skull malformations caused by premature fusion of cranial sutures and other disease features according to the mutation itself. Analysis of chromosomal anomalies in patients led to the identification and confirmation of FGFR2 as a cleft lip and/or palate locus. On a molecular level, mutations that affect FGFR2IIIc are associated with marked changes in osteoblast proliferation and differentiation. Alteration in FGFR2 signalling is thought to underlie the craniosynostosis syndromes. To date, there are two mechanisms of altered FGFR2 signalling. The first is associated with constitutive activation of FGFR, where the FGFR2 receptor is always signalling, regardless of the amount of FGF ligand. This mechanism is found in patients with Crouzon and Pfeiffer syndrome. The second, which is associated with Apert syndrome is a loss of specificity of the FGFR2 isoform, resulting in the receptor binding to FGFs that it does not normally bind.

</doc>
<doc id="9869754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869754" title="Mark Scott (businessman)">
Mark Scott (businessman)

Mark Walter Scott AO (born 9 October 1962) is the current Managing Director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He took up his position in July 2006, having previously been the Editorial Director at John Fairfax, responsible for the editorial content of the group's major newspapers including "The Sydney Morning Herald", "The Age", "The Sun-Herald" and "The Sunday Age". He worked for the New South Wales Greiner Liberal Party Government, as chief of staff to the Education Minister, Virginia Chadwick and as a senior adviser to education minister, Terry Metherell. 
In 2010 he was appointed to a second five-year term as the ABC's Managing Director. His time at the ABC has been marked by extensive reform including the creation of ABC3, a digital TV channel for children, and the 24 hour news channel ABC News 24, as well as a major expansion into digital and on-line technology and an expansion of quality drama. He has been a strong defender of the value of social media in journalism and sceptical on the capacity of news organisations to charge for content they have previously provided free of charge.
On 13 June 2011, Scott was named an Officer of the Order of Australia for distinguished service to media and communications, and to the community through advisory and governance roles with a range of social justice and educational bodies.
He is married to Briony Scott, the principal of Wenona School. He holds a B.A., Dip.Ed. and M.A. from the University of Sydney and a M.Pub.Admin. from Harvard University.
Scott appeared on Series 3, Episode 6 of "" as himself, speaking to the co-presenter, robot DARREN.

</doc>
<doc id="9869764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869764" title="Scandale (film)">
Scandale (film)

Scandale is a 1982 Canadian (Québec) comedy film.
The plot is a reference to current events at the time of the film's creation. The response of a Parti Québécois government under René Lévesque to the recession of the early 1980s included harsh cutbacks to civil service pay which angered labour union members, a core part of the constituency of the PQ and sovereignty movement. In real life, the move would cost the party the next election.
In the film, a band of government workers affected by budget cutbacks at the Ministry of Culture decide to make some fast bucks by making a blue movie in Quebec's Parlement. Their finished product is unexpectedly entered into competition at the Cannes Film Festival in order to showcase Québec's culture, shocking government officials.
Pornobec scandal.
The "Pornobec" movie production depicted within this film is a reference to a then-current political event known as the "Pornobec scandal". In November 1981, members of Claude Charron's staff had been exposed by a television network for using the Legislative Assembly's video equipment to view and to duplicate pornographic films. The initial reports contained allegations that the Assembly's video equipment was used to make a pornographic video, presumably at the legislature building itself, causing the incident to be quickly ridiculed by the opposition Liberal Party of Quebec. One example of Liberal derision (reported in a November 1981 "Montreal Gazette" column) claimed the scandal "gives a whole new meaning to the term 'intra-provincial relations'".
As the film was a parody of a current event, it was hastily written and produced for release on a tight schedule. The script was complete by December 11 with pre-production in December 1981 and the movie itself shot on 16 mm film between January 11 and February 2, 1982 on a modest $450 000 budget for theatrical release on May 7, 1982. To meet scheduling constraints, filming often took place both day and night.
While the allegations of viewing and duplication of pornography on legislative assembly video equipment would stand, the claim that an explicit film had actually been produced by civil servants in the assembly building was ultimately debunked. The political damage, however, was already done, with "Pornobec" as the title of pornographic video having found its way into a real film.
Initial reception by critics was harsh, largely because the film had been hastily constructed as a low-budget montage which interleaved mainstream cinema and low-brow humour with footage which (while moderate by modern standards) would have been considered crudely pornographic in the era this movie was made.
The film, originally intended for audiences in Québec, was initially released to cinemas in French with no subtitles. A version was released on VHS and the movie was dubbed to English for national broadcast on various fledgling Canadian pay television premium channels which began operation in 1983. As the movie is topical to 1981 and therefore now out of print, there is no DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="9869768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869768" title="Bruce M. Owen">
Bruce M. Owen

Bruce M. Owen (born October 13, 1943 in Worcester, Massachusetts) is an economist and author. He currently serves as Morris M. Doyle Centennial Professor in Public Policy and Director of the Public Policy Program in the School of Humanities and Sciences at Stanford University. He has also served as Gordon Cain Senior Fellow at Stanford's Institute for Economic Policy Research since 2003.
Owen graduated with a BA from Williams College in 1965, where he was a merit scholar, and subsequently earned his PhD from Stanford in 1970. At Stanford, Owen was a Woodrow Wilson fellow, National Defense Education Act Title IV fellow, and Brookings Institution Economic Policy fellow.
Owen acted as chief economist in the White House Office of Telecommunications Policy in 1971 before returning to Stanford University in 1973 to serve as assistant professor of economics. From 1974 to 1975, Owen was a Hoover Institution national fellow.
In 1978, Owen moved to Chapel Hill, North Carolina, where he briefly taught at Duke University as associate professor of business and law. During this time, Owen was an Aspen Institute for Humanistic Studies fellow and chairman of the task force on the future of the United States Postal Service.
In 1979, Owen became chief economist within the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice, where he played a key role in the ultimate deregulation of AT&T.
Owen entered the private sector with the 1981 co-founding of Economists Incorporated in Washington, D.C., where he served as president and chairman of the board until his retirement in 2002. Economists Incorporated experienced tremendous growth during Owen's tenure, providing consulting and expert witness services under his watch to corporations, law firms, and government entities. During this time, Owen also taught an undergraduate seminar on economic analysis of law at Stanford's Washington, D.C. campus from 1989 to 2002.
In 1992 he headed a World Bank task force that advised the government of Argentina in drafting a new antitrust law. He has advised government agencies in Mexico and the United States on telecommunications policy and Peru on antitrust policy.
Owen has written eight books, including:
He is currently working on a book manuscript entitled "Mass Media Power".
Owen is also a member of the American Economic Association, the Econometric Society, the American Law and Economics Association, an associate of the American Bar Association, and a consultant to the World Bank in connection with the economic evaluation of legal and judicial reform projects.
Owen is married to Josetta Owen and has two adult children, Bradford Kelly (born 1974), and Peter Brandon (born 1969). He has two sisters, Patrice Owen of Gorham, Maine and Marcia Benson of Brewster, Massachusetts. Owen currently resides near Palo Alto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9869769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869769" title="James Flint">
James Flint

James Flint may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9869770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869770" title="Huilai County">
Huilai County

Huilai County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Hweilai; ) is a county located in the southeast of Guangdong Province of Southern China. It lies under the jurisdiction of Jieyang.

</doc>
<doc id="9869786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869786" title="Maurice Newman">
Maurice Newman

Maurice Lionel Newman AC (born 20 April 1938, Ilford, England) until March 2012 was the Chairperson of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, as well as former chair of the board of the Australian Stock Exchange. He was Chancellor of Macquarie University until 2008. He was replaced as Chair of the ABC Board by Mr James (Jim) Spigelman AC QC who took up the Chair on 1 April 2012. Currently, he is the chairman of the Prime Minister's Business Advisory Council. His views are generally considered conservative.
Biography.
He retired as Chairman of the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX Limited) on 24 September 2008.
His career spans forty years in stockbroking and investment banking, including as Managing Director in 1984, and Executive Chairman from 1985 until 1999, of what is now the Deutsche Bank Group in Australia. He was Chairman of the Deutsche Bank Asia Pacific Advisory Board and a Director of Deutsche Bank Asia Pacific from 1999 to 2001. He was also Chairman of Deutsche Asset Management (Australia) Limited from 1997 until 2000.
Mr Newman retired from Deutsche Bank in July 2001.
Mr Newman has chaired a number of Asian business alliances including the East Asia and Oceania Stock Exchange Federation, and the Australia Taiwan Business Council.
Mr Newman has been an adviser to Australian governments, as a member of the Consultative Committee on Relations with Japan (1984–1987); a Commissioner of the National Commission of Audit (1996); a member of the Business Advisory Panel established by the Minister for Multicultural Affairs (1997–2002); Chairman of the National Judging Panel for Innovation in Local Government (1997–1998); Chairman of the Commonwealth Government's National Year 2000 Steering Committee (1997–2000) and the Business Mature Age Workforce Advisory Group (2000–2001); Co-Chair of the Singapore Australia Business Alliance Forum (1999–2002); Chairman of the Federal Treasurer's Financial Sector Advisory Council (1998–2007); Member of the New South Wales Premier's Major Events Board (2002–2004); Chairman of the Sydney Convention & Visitors Bureau (2001–2007); and Chairman of Tourism NSW (2002–2007).
In 1997, he was Australia's Private Sector Representative to the First Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting Business Forum held in London; and in 1999 led a delegation of senior Australian executives to New York promoting "Australia, the Dynamic Success Story of the Asia Pacific - A Centre for Global Financial Services".
Mr Newman was the Chairman of Acrux Limited (1999–2003); Chairman of the Sydney Legacy Citizen's Committee (1998–2004); Member of the Advisory Committee of Australasian Medical Insurance Ltd (January – August 2003); Member of the Advisory Council of the Asia Society AustralAsia Centre (2001–2004); Member of the Business Council of Australia's Chairmen's Panel (2003–2007); and Civil Patron, Royal Australian Naval reserve, Professional Studies Program (2005–2009).
He served as Chancellor of Macquarie University from 2002 to February 2008; and as a Director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation from 2000 to 2004.
In 2002 Mr Newman was appointed an Advisor to the Marsh Group of Companies. In June 2004, he was appointed a Director of the Queensland Investment Corporation.
Political views.
Conservatism.
Newman helped establish the Centre for Independent Studies, a conservative Australian political think-tank. He was a member of the first CIS Board which consisted of Neville Kennard, Maurice Newman and Ross Graham-Taylor. 
Newman was associated with, and spoke at a CIS event in December 2007 given in honour of conservative economist Milton Friedman. 
Newman is said to have been a close friend of former Australian PM, John Howard. Interviewed in 2010 about this by the Institute of Company Directors he stated: "Much is made of my friendship with Howard, which is long standing. Little is made of my friendship with Bill Hayden, which is just as close and of longer standing. The truth is, I am not party political. I have voted on both sides of the fence, state and Federal, because I am driven not by labels, but by policies."
During Newman's tenure as Chairman of the Australian Broadcasting Commission, Rupert Murdoch delivered the 2008 Boyer Lectures, "A Golden Age of Freedom". 
On the subject of financial market regulation Newman is reported as having said: "Politicians are getting into regulation and Regulators want to get into business. Regulators should look at ways to ensure transparency, but should not end up killing the business."
Climate change.
In a speech to senior ABC staff on 10 March 2010 he said climate change was an example of "group-think". According to an ABC PM account of the speech: "Contrary views had not been tolerated, and those who expressed them had been labelled and mocked. Mr Newman has doubts about climate change himself and says he's waiting for proof either way." Interviewed by Brendan Trembath he said: "But climate change is at the moment an emotional issue but it really is the fundamental issue about the need to bring voices that have authority and are relevant to the particular issue to the attention of our audiences so that they themselves can make decisions. So that we are seen to trust and respect them sufficiently that they can make up their own minds about the various points of view that are being expressed through the medium of the ABC." In answer to the question of whether he was a climate change denier he replied: "I am an agnostic and I have always been an agnostic and I will remain and agnostic until I've found compelling evidence on one side or the other that will move me. I think that what seems fairly clear to me is that the climate science is still being developed. There are a lot question marks about some of the fundamental data which has been used to build models that requires caution."
More recently, Newman has called climate change a delusion, stating that the IPCC "progressively has applied mass psychology through a compliant media to spread the delusion that wicked Western industrialists are causing irreparable damage to the climate."
Newman wants the current Australian target for electricity generated by renewable sources dumped because he does not accept climate change science and says renewable energy is pushing up prices.
Wind farms.
In an article published in The Spectator, Newman expresses views in opposition to wind energy. He wrote "I am not a conspiracy theorist, but we have witnessed the birth of an extraordinary, universal and self-reinforcing movement among the political and executive arms of government, their academic consultants, the mainstream media and vested private sector interests (such as investment banks and the renewables industry), held together by the promise of unlimited government money. It may not be a conspiracy, but long-term, government-underwritten annuities have certainly created one gigantic and powerful oligopoly which must coerce taxpayers and penalise energy consumers to survive." His article concluded "But don’t expect help from academia, mainstream media or the public service. They are members of the same establishment and worship together at the altar of global warming. By ruthlessly perpetuating the illusion that wind farms can somehow save the planet, they keep the money flowing. All the while the poor become poorer, ever more dependent on welfare and colder in winter."

</doc>
<doc id="9869801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869801" title="The Refusal">
The Refusal

The Refusal (Die Abweisung) is a short story by Franz Kafka. Written in the autumn of 1920, it was not published in Kafka's lifetime. 
The story involves the narration of a young boy living in a small town that is fairly distanced from its capital. The boy reflects on how the town's inhabitants humbly submit to orders issued by the capital and are led by the tax-collector, a man with the rank of colonel. The boy goes into great detail describing the soldiers that uphold the tax-collector's law, and how they appear inhuman to the public and seem unable to speak their language. In times of crisis, the town always appeals to the colonel for government aid, and if it is anything serious, it is always refused. The final paragraph describes the narrator's observation that it is due to this situation that '...young people roughly between seventeen and twenty.' begin to feel discontent and find revolutionary ideas because they are incapable of foreseeing the consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="9869811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869811" title="Marlon Saunders">
Marlon Saunders

Marlon Saunders is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. A professor of voice at Berklee College of Music, Marlon has two solo recordings on his independent label, "Black Honey Records": the improvisational "A Groove So Deep: The Live Sessions" and 2003's critically acclaimed "Enter My Mind". Marlon continues to write, sing and produce with the acclaimed acid-jazz band, Jazzhole. He co-produced and co-wrote "Love 360", the debut jazzy soul project from April Hill released in fall of 2007. His own highly anticipated new soul recording, "Birth of Revelation", was released later this year.
As a session and touring singer, Marlon has toured with Bobby McFerrin as a member of his world-renowned vocal group, Voicestra. He has shared the stage with the incredible jazz vocalist Dianne Reeves, recorded/toured with Joe Henderson, Ron Carter, Shawn Colvin, Nine Inch Nails, Billy Joel, Jane Siberry, Shania Twain, Vanessa Williams, Julee Cruise, Sting, Martha Wash, Michael Jackson, Lauryn Hill, Freddie Jackson, Jeffrey Osbourne, Tramaine Hawkins, Peabo Bryson, Dance Theatre of Harlem, and Ronald K. Brown.
His song "The Beginning of Never" has appeared on the Soul Lounge compilation, which featured artists such as Antionque, Nuwamba, Eric Roberson, Conya Doss, and others.
He has contributed to the video game scene as well, particularly games made by Sega. He is best known for doing vocals on both versions of Knuckles' theme, "Unknown From M.E." in "Sonic Adventure" and "Sonic Adventure 2". Marlon also performs on the soundtrack to the "Burning Rangers" game, singing one of the ending songs, "We are Burning Rangers". He also performed a Christmas a cappella version of "Dreams Dreams", the theme from Nights into Dreams, with a small vocal ensemble that can be heard during the ending credits of Christmas Nights as well as on its soundtrack.
Marlon recently had a brief appearance in the film "Enchanted" as a calypso singer who sings "That's How You Know" with Amy Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="9869812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869812" title="A Dream (Common song)">
A Dream (Common song)

"A Dream" is a single by rapper Common from the soundtrack to "Freedom Writers". It is produced by will.i.am, who also sings the song's chorus. The song heavily samples Martin Luther King Jr.'s historical "I Have a Dream" speech, which relates to the song's lyrics about racism. The single release of "A Dream" includes two will.i.am tracks, "Colors" and "Bus Ride."
Music video.
The video for the single contains scenes from the "Freedom Writers" movie (many of which feature Hilary Swank, its lead actress), mixed with partially animated sequences featuring will.i.am singing on a podium and Common rapping in hallways and rooms in front of stylized images of both the Holocaust and United States of America's black civil rights movement. Television footage of the "I Have a Dream" speech is displayed on monitors throughout the video. The imagery is intended to reinforce the song's messages of perseverance in the face of discrimination, and hopes for a more racially tolerant world.

</doc>
<doc id="9869823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869823" title="Peter Hurley">
Peter Hurley

Peter Hurley is the President of the South Australian branch of the Australian Hotels Association and on the board of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9869831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869831" title="Masonic manuscripts">
Masonic manuscripts

There are a number of masonic manuscripts that are historically important in the development of Freemasonry. Most numerous are the "Old Charges" or "Constitutions". These documents outlined a "history" of masonry, tracing its origins to a biblical or classical root, followed by the regulations of the organisation, and the responsibilities of its different grades. More rare are old hand-written copies of ritual, affording a limited understanding of early masonic rites. All of those which pre-date the formation of Grand Lodges are found in Scotland. The earliest Minutes of pre-Grand Lodge, Lodges are also located in Scotland. Early records of the first Grand Lodge in 1717 allows an elementary understanding of the immediate pre-Grand Lodge era and some insight as to the personalities and events that shaped early 18th century Freemasonry in Britain.
Other early documentation is included in this article. The Kirkwall Scroll is a hand painted roll of linen, probably used as a floorcloth, now in the care of a lodge in Orkney. Its dating and the meaning of its symbols have generated considerable debate. Early operative documents and the later printed constitutions are briefly covered.
Old Charges.
The Old Charges of the masons' lodges were documents describing the duties of the members, part of which (the charges) every mason had to swear on admission. For this reason, every lodge had a copy of its charges, occasionally written into the beginning of the minute book, but usually as a separate manuscript roll of parchment. With the coming of Grand Lodges, these were largely superseded by printed constitutions, but the Grand Lodge of All England at York, and the few lodges that remained independent in Scotland and Ireland, retained the hand-written charges as their authority to meet as a lodge. Woodford, Hughan, Speth and Gould, all founders of Quatuor Coronati Lodge, and Dr Begemann, a German Freemason, produced much published work in the second half of the nineteenth century, collating, cataloguing, and classifying the available material. Since then, aside from the occasional rediscovery of another old document, little has been done to update the field.
The oldest, the Regius poem, is unique in being set in verse. The rest, of which over a hundred survive, usually have a three part construction. They start with a prayer, invocation of God, or a general declaration, followed by a description of the Seven Liberal Arts (logic, grammar, rhetoric, arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy), extolling Geometry above the others. There follows a history of the craft, and how it came to the British Isles, usually culminating in a general assembly of masons during the reign of King Athelstan. The last part consists of the charges or regulations of the lodge, and the craft of masonry in general, which the members are bound to maintain.
Evolution of the York Legend.
The earliest masonic documents are those of their early employers, the church and the state. The first claimed by modern Freemasons as the lineal ancestors of their own "Charges" relate to the self-organisation of masons as a fraternity with mutual responsibilities. From the reign of Henry VI to the Elizabethan period, that is from about 1425 to 1550, surviving documents show the evolution of a legend of masonry, starting before the flood, and culminating in the re-establishment of the craft of masonry in York during the reign of King Athelstan.
Halliwell Manuscript, or Regius Poem.
The Halliwell Manuscript, also known as the Regius Poem, is the earliest of the "Old Charges". It consists of 64 vellum pages of Middle English written in rhyming couplets. In this, it differs from the prose of all the later charges. The poem begins by describing how Euclid "counterfeited geometry" and called it masonry, for the employment of the children of the nobility in Ancient Egypt. It then recounts the spread of the art of geometry in "divers lands." The document relates how the craft of masonry was brought to England during the reign of King Athelstan (924–939). It tells how all the masons of the land came to the King for direction as to their own good governance, and how, together with the nobility and landed gentry, forged the fifteen articles and fifteen points for their rule. This is followed by fifteen articles for the master concerning both moral behaviour (do not harbour thieves, do not take bribes, attend church regularly, etc.) and the operation of work on a building site (do not make your masons labour at night, teach apprentices properly, do not take on jobs that you cannot do etc.). There are then fifteen points for craftsmen which follow a similar pattern. Warnings of punishment for those breaking the ordinances are followed by provision for annual assemblies. There follows the legend of the Four Crowned Martyrs, a series of moral aphorisms, finishing with a blessing.
The origins of the Regius are obscure. The manuscript was recorded in various personal inventories as it changed hands until it came into possession of the Royal Library, which was donated to the British Museum in 1757 by King George II to form the nucleus of the present British Library. It came to the attention of Freemasonry much later, this oversight being mainly due to the librarian David Casley, who described it as "a Poem of Moral Duties" when he catalogued it in 1734. It was in the 1838–39 session of the Royal Society that James Halliwell, who was not a Freemason, delivered a paper on "The early History of Freemasonry in England", based on the Regius, which was published in 1840. The manuscript was dated to 1390, and supported by such authorities as Woodford and Hughan, the dating of Edward Augustus Bond, the curator of manuscripts at the British Museum, to fifty years later was largely sidelined. Hughan also mentions that it was probably written by a priest.
Modern analysis has confirmed Bond's dating to the second quarter of the fifteenth century, and placed its composition in Shropshire. This dating leads to the hypothesis that the document's composition, and especially its narrative of a royal authority for annual assemblies, was intended as a counterblast to the statute of 1425 banning such meetings.
Matthew Cooke Manuscript.
The Matthew Cooke Manuscript is the second oldest of the "Old Charges" or "Gothic Constitutions" of Freemasonry, and the oldest known set of charges to be written in prose. It contains some repetition, but compared to the Regius there is also much new material, much of which is repeated in later constitutions. After an opening thanksgiving prayer, the text enumerates the Seven Liberal Arts, giving precedence to geometry, which it equates with masonry. There follows the tale of the children of Lamech, expanded from the Book of Genesis. Jabal discovered geometry, and became Cain's Master Mason. Jubal discovered music, Tubal Cain discovered metallurgy and the art of the smith, while Lamech's daughter Naamah invented weaving. Discovering that the earth would be destroyed either by fire or by flood, they inscribed all their knowledge on two pillars of stone, one that would be impervious to fire, and one that would not sink. Generations after the flood both pillars were discovered, one by Pythagoras, the other by the philosopher Hermes. The seven sciences were then passed down through Nimrod, the architect of the Tower of Babel, to Abraham, who taught them to the Egyptians, including Euclid, who in turn taught masonry to the children of the nobility as an instructive discipline. The craft is then taught to the children of Israel, and from the Temple of Solomon finds its way to France, and thence to Saint Alban's England. Athelstan now became one of a line of kings actively supporting masonry. His youngest son, unnamed here, is introduced for the first time as leader and mentor of masons. There follow nine articles and nine points, and the document finishes in a similar manner to the Regius.
Unlike the majority of the old constitutions, which are written on rolls, the Cooke manuscript is written on sheets of vellum, four and three-eighth inches high and three and three eighth inches broad (112mm x 86mm) bound into a book, still retaining its original oak covers. The manuscript was published by R. Spencer, London, in 1861 when it was edited by Mr. Matthew Cooke — hence the name. In the British Museum's catalogue it is listed as "Additional M.S. 23,198", and is now dated to 1450 or thereabouts, although errors in Cooke's transcription caused it originally to be dated to after 1482. In line 140, "And in policronico a cronycle p'yned", Cooke translated the last word as "printed", causing Hughan to give the earliest date as Caxton's Polychronicon of 1482. Later retranslation as "proved" justified the earlier dating. Obvious scribal errors indicate that the document is a copy, and repetition of part of the stories of Euclid and Athelstan seems to indicate two sources. Speth postulated, in 1890, that these sources were much older than the manuscript, a view that remained unchallenged for over a century.
Recent analysis of the Middle English of the document date it to the same period as the writing, around 1450, implying that the source or sources from which it was copied were almost contemporary with the Cooke, and contemporary with, or only slightly later than the Regius poem. It was probably composed in the West Midlands, near to the origin of the Regius in Shropshire. The historian Andrew Prescott sees both the Regius and Cooke manuscripts as part of the struggle of mediaeval masons to determine their own pay, particularly after the statute of 1425 banning assemblies of masons. Masons sought to show that their assemblies had royal approval, and added the detail that the King's son had become a mason himself. At line 603 we find "For of specculatyfe he was a master and he lovyd well masonry and masons. And he bicome a mason hym selfe."
James Anderson had access to the Cooke manuscript when he produced his 1723 Constitutions. He quotes the final sixty lines in a footnote to his description of the York assembly. The Woodford manuscript, which is a copy of the Cooke, has a note explaining that it was made in 1728 by the Grand Secretary of the Premier Grand Lodge of England, William Reid, for William Cowper, "Clerk of the Parliaments", who had also been Grand Secretary.
Dowland Manuscript.
The Dowland Manuscript was first printed in the "Gentleman's Magazine" in 1815. The contributor, James Dowland, wrote "For the gratification of your readers, I send you a curious address respecting Freemasonry which not long since came into my possession. It is written on a long roll of parchment, in a very clear hand apparently in the 17th century, and probably was copied from a MS. of earlier date." This earlier date is still estimated to be around 1550, making the Dowland the second oldest prose constitutions known. The wages mentioned in the text agree with other manuscripts known to originate in the second half of the sixteenth century. Unfortunately, the original is now lost.
The history is similar to that of the Cooke manuscript. In this case we are told that the first charges proceeded from Euclid's instruction of the sons of the Egyptian Lords. The Master Mason at the construction of the Temple of Solomon is a son of King Hiram of Tyre called Avnon. Again masonry diffuses from the Temple and enters Saint Alban's England from France. The science suffers in the wars following Alban's death, but is restored under Athelstan. His son, now named as "Edwinne", is the expert geometrician who obtains his father's charter for an annual assembly of masons, that should be "renewed from Kinge to Kinge". The assembly under Edwin is for the first time identified as having occurred at York. The articles and points are now replaced with a series of charges, in the form of an oath.
The emergence of York, and the appearance of the more modern form of the charges after a century of silence in the documentary record, have been linked by Prescott to government policy in from the second half of the sixteenth century, which allowed wage increases for London masons, while attempting rigid wage control in the North of England.
Grand Lodge No 1.
This manuscript inexplicably appears in Hughan's "Old Charges" with a date of 1632, which Speth, the next editor, attributed to the terrible handwriting of Rev. Woodford, Hughan's collaborator. It is the first of the charges to bear a date, which is just discernible as 1583, on the 25 December. The document is in the form of a roll of parchment nine feet long and five inches wide, being made up of four pieces pasted at the ends. The United Grand Lodge of England acquired it in 1839 for twenty-five pounds from a Miss Sidall, the great-granddaughter of Thomas Dunckerley's second wife. The handwriting is compatible with the date of 1583, although the language is older, leading Henry Jenner to propose that it was copied from an original up to a century older. The contents of Grand Lodge 1 tell the same tale as the Dowland manuscript, with only minor changes. Again, the charges take the form of an oath on a sacred book.
Within this manuscript and the Dowland we find a "curious mason" called Naymus Grecus (Dowland has Maymus or Mamus Grecus), who had been at the building of Solomon's Temple, and who taught masonry to Charles Martel before he became King of France, thus bringing masonry to Europe. This obvious absurdity has been interpreted by Neville Barker Cryer as a coded reference to Alcuin of York, possibly from a misunderstanding of one of his poems. In Carmen XXVI is the line, "Et "Nemias Greco" infundat sua poculo Baccho", expressing the wish that Nemias should fill Alcuin's cup with Greek wine. Nemias, or Nehemias, was Alcuin's code name for Eberhard, Charlemagne's cupbearer. Cryer presents the possibility that a misunderstanding allowed Nemias Greco to be assumed to refer to the Yorkshire saint and scholar.
Later Manuscripts.
At this point, the old charges had attained a standard form. What became known as the York Legend had emerged in a form that would survive into Preston's "Illustrations of Freemasonry", a work of 1772 which was still being reprinted in the mid 19th century. The requirement for every new admission to be sworn to the Old Charges on the bible now meant that every lodge should have its own manuscript charges, and over a hundred survive from the seventeenth century until the period in the eighteenth when their use died out. Describing them all is beyond the scope of a single article, and unnecessary since differences are only in details, such as occasional clumsy attempts to deal with the absence of Edwin, Athelstan's son, from any historical record. Differences also occur in the specifics of the charges and the manner of taking the oath. A very few manuscripts have a separate "Apprentice Charge". Families of documents have been identified, and two systems of classification exist. A few documents deserve special attention.
Lansdowne.
This document was purchased by the British Government as part of a collection amassed by William Petty, Marquis of Lansdowne. It was bundled with papers from William Cecil, a prominent Elizabethan politician who died in 1598, and was assumed to belong to the same period. Analysis of the handwriting places it a hundred years later, and later papers have been found in Cecil's bundle. Lansdowne is still frequently cited as an Elizabethan document.
York No 4.
The group of masons calling themselves the "Grand Lodge of All England meeting since Time Immemorial in the City of York" continued to issue written constitutions to lodges, as their authority to meet, until the last quarter of the Eighteenth century. Surviving are York manuscripts numbers 1, 2, 4 and 5 (3 missing), the Hope manuscript, and the Scarborough manuscript, which turned up in Canada. Of these, York 4 has been the subject of controversy since it was first described in print. It is dated 1693, and was the first of the Old Charges discovered to have a separate "Apprentice Charge", or a set of oaths specially for apprentices. The controversy was caused by the short paragraph describing how the oath was to be taken. "The one of the elders takeing the Booke / and that hee or shee that is to be made mason / shall lay their hands thereon / and the charge shall bee given". Woodford and Hughan had no particular problem with this reading, believing it to be a copy of a much older document, and realising that women were admitted to the guilds of their deceased menfolk if they were in a position to carry on their trade. Other writers, starting with Hughan's contemporary David Murray Lyon, the Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of Scotland, insisted that the "shee" must be a scribal error for "they", or a mistranslation of the Latin "illi" (they). Hughan failed to point out that the four lines in question are written in a competent hand in letters twice the size of the surrounding text, but riposted to Lyon that the Apprentice charge in York No 4, Harleian MS 1942, and the Hope manuscript outline the apprentice's duties to his master "or Dame". Modern opinion seems resigned to letting York Manuscript number 4 remain a paradox.
Melrose No 2.
The Lodge of Melrose successfully ignored the Grand Lodge of Scotland for a century and a half, finally joining in 1891 as the Lodge Of Melrose St. John No 1 bis. The original Melrose constitutions are lost, but a copy was made in 1674 by Andro Mein (Andrew Main). He appended a copy of a certificate issued to an apprentice by ""his master frie Mason, in the Year of our Lord 1581, and in the raign of our Soveraign Lady Elizabeth the (22) year"". Two other Scottish constitutions, the Kilwinning and the Aberdeen, declare that masons are liegemen of the King of England. This suggests an English origin of at least some of the Scottish Old Charges.
Printed Constitutions.
As the first Grand Lodge gathered momentum the Rev. James Anderson was commissioned to digest the "gothic constitutions" into a more palatable form. The result, in 1723, was the first printed constitutions. While manuscript constitutions continued to be used in unaffiliated lodges, their condensation into print saw them die out by the end of the century. Anderson's introduction advertised a history of Freemasonry from the beginning of the world. The York legend was therefore still employed, and persisted through reprints, pocket editions, and Preston's "Illustrations of Freemasonry". Anderson's regulations, the second part of the book, followed on a set of charges devised by George Payne during his second term as Grand Master. Both charges and regulations were geared to the needs of a Grand Lodge, necessarily moving away from the simplicity of the originals. When a new Grand Lodge sprang up to carry the older rite, which they saw as abandoned by the "Moderns", their constitutions had a different approach to history. Ahiman Rezon parodied the old history of the craft, and Anderson's research. The charges and regulations of the Antients were derived from Anderson by way of Pratt's Irish Constitutions. Almost inevitably, the legendary history disappeared after the union of the two Grand Lodges in 1813.
Rituals.
While over 100 manuscript 'constitutions' exist, documents detailing actual ritual are much rarer. The earliest, dating from 1696, is the Scottish "Edinburgh Register House" manuscript , which gives a catechism and a certain amount of ritual of the Entered Apprentice and a Fellow Craft ceremonies. The "Trinity College Manuscript", discovered in Dublin, Ireland, but which is clearly of Scottish origin, has been dated to c.1710, is substantially the same in content. The recently discovered Airlie MS dated 1705 is therefore the second oldest known Scottish stonemasons' rituals. Although referred to as rituals these manuscripts are also "aide memoires", or 'prompt sheets'. They therefore have three functions but for ease of reference they are commonly described as 'rituals'. The significance of these three rituals lie in the fact that they are 1) Scottish 2) are based on the ceremonies used by stonemasons and 3) that they pre-date the existence of any Grand Lodge (essentially a 'Head Office'). Collectively they are known as the 'Scottish School'.
The "Graham Manuscript", of about 1725, gives a version of the third degree legend at variance with that now transmitted to master masons, involving Noah instead of Hiram Abiff.
Edinburgh Register House MS.
Presumed to be from a lodge of operative masons, this document contains many features of speculative ritual. Hailed as the world's oldest masonic ritual, the Edinburgh Register House manuscript of 1696 starts with a catechism for proving a person who has the "word" is really a mason. Among other things, the person seeking entry is expected to name their lodge as "Kilwinning", attributing the origin to Lodge Mother Kilwinning in Ayrshire. The first lodge is ascribed to the porchway of King Solomon's Temple, and the form of the lodge outlined in a question and answer session, the form of the answers often being highly allegorical. A "fellow craft" is further expected to know and explain a masonic embrace called the "five points of fellowship". The second half of the document describes all or part of an initiation ritual as the "form of giveing the mason word".
Airlie MS.
Of the Scottish School only the origins of the Airlie MS (1705) are know with certainty.
Trinity College, Dublin.
Other manuscripts from Scotland and Ireland give early ritual that largely confirm the text of the Edinburgh Register House manuscript. They differ mainly in having the giving of the "Mason Word" as the first part of the text, followed by the catechism of the first and second degrees in the form of questions and answers. These include the Chetwode Crawley, the Kevan, and the Trinity College manuscripts. In the Trinity college text the Mason Word is actually written down as "Matchpin", and appears to be part of a Master degree.
Graham Manuscript.
The Graham Manuscript appears to have been written in 1726, and obvious scribal errors within it indicate that it was copied from another document. It turned up in Yorkshire during the 1930s, but its exact origin is unknown, Lancashire, Northumberland, and South Scotland all being suggested. The document is headed "The whole Institution of free Masonry opened and proved by the best of tradition and still some reference to scripture", There follows an examination, in the form of the sort of question and answer catechism seen in the earlier rituals. In what appears to be the examination of a Master Mason, the responder relates what modern masons would recognise as that part of the legend of Hiram Abiff dealing with the recovery of his body, but in this instance the body is that of Noah, disinterred by his three sons in the hope of learning some secret, and the mason's word is cryptically derived from his rotting body. Hiram Abiff is mentioned, but only as Solomon's master craftsman, inspired by Bezalel, who performed the same function for Moses. The tradition of deriving freemasonry from Noah seems to be shared with Anderson (see below). He likewise attributed primitive freemasonry to Noah in his 1738 constitutions.
Minutes.
The second Schaw Statutes of December 1599 having made it compulsory for Scottish lodges to have a secretary, early documentation there is rich in comparison with England, where actual minutes start in 1723. Records for the Lodge of Edinburgh (Mary's Chapel) No.1 extend back to the sixteenth century. Minutes from the Premier Grand Lodge of England, the Antient Grand Lodge of England, and the Grand Lodge of All England meeting at York trace the organisational development and rivalries within Eighteenth century English Freemasonry.
Mary's Chapel.
The records of the Lodge of Edinburgh (Mary's Chapel) No.1 extend back to 1598, making them an important historical source as the longest continuous masonic record. David Murray Lyon's history of the lodge, published in 1873, mined the records of Edinburgh's oldest lodge, and produced a history of Scottish Freemasonry. The first entry, on 28 December 1598, is a copy of the first Schaw statutes. The next year, on the last day of July, the first proper minute records disciplinary proceedings against a member who employed a cowan, or unqualified mason. The first entries are terse and not always helpful, expanding as successive secretarys became more conscientious. The records trace the development of the lodge from an operative to a speculative society. Only one older minute book has been discovered, that of Aitchison's Haven, a location just outside Musselburgh, in East Lothian. The first entry records Robert Widderspone being made Fellow of Craft on 9 January 1598.
York.
The minutes of the old lodge at York, which later called itself the Grand Lodge of All England, give a glimpse of masonry outside the Grand Lodges of the period. The minutes are erratic, with spaces of some years between some entries. It is often impossible to tell if the minutes are lost, were never taken, or the lodge did not meet at all. They do, however, contain the full text of a speech by the antiquary Francis Drake in 1726, in which he discusses the contemplation of geometry, and the instructive lectures which ought to be occurring in lodges. He used the York legend to claim precedence of his own lodge over all others in England, and being a more careful historian than the compilers of the Old Charges, Edwin the son of Athelstan became Edwin of Northumbria, adding three centuries to his lodge's pedigree. Later minutes show the lodge adding ritual, and developing a five degree system from a single ceremony where a candidate was admitted and made a Fellow Craft in one evening. The York account of the split between the Premier Grand Lodge of England and the Lodge of Antiquity provides a balance to the charged prose of William Preston. The minutes cease for the final time in 1792.
London Grand Lodges.
Minutes of both of the Grand Lodges which finally formed the United Grand Lodge of England are preserved in their archives. Plans by Quatuor Coronati Lodge to publish them all were interrupted by the First World War, and only one volume was published, covering the minutes of the Premier Grand Lodge of England from their first minutes in 1723 to 1739. The first of five volumes of Grand Lodge minutes contained three lists of subscribing lodges and their members, dating from 1723, 1725, and 1730. The lodges are first numbered in John Pine's engraved list of 1729. All three manuscript lists have had lodges added after their compilation, but in spite of this they still trace the development of the first Grand Lodge during a critical period in its development, as it moved from being an association of London lodges to a national institution. No further lists were included in the minutes. They start on 24 June 1723 with the approval of Anderson's constitutions, and the resolution that no alteration or innovation in the "Body of Masonry" could occur without the approval of Grand Lodge. The Earl of Dalkeith was then elected as the next Grand Master, but his chosen deputy, John Theophilus Desaguliers, was only approved by 43 votes to 42. After dinner the outgoing Grand Master, the Duke of Wharton, asked for a recount. This being refused, he walked out. Many such human touches are revealed in the minutes, together with the beginnings of masonic charities and discipline of masons and lodges. There are no minutes for the year 1813, and only rough notes from the Antients, leaving a gap in the run-up to union that must be spanned from other sources.
The first meetings of the Antients, as they came to be known, are also missing, but these span only a few months instead of the six years of silence from the older institution. On 5 February 1752 Laurence Dermott became Grand Secretary, and proper minutes ensued. Although these have still to be published, they have been extensively mined by masonic writers, particularly Bywater's biography of Dermott, which draws verbatim from the minutes. Dermott's style is quirky, occasionally obtuse, and often full of dry humour. Discipline is a frequent subject, collecting dues from delinquent lodges, and the "leg of mutton" masons who admitted men to the Holy Royal Arch for the price of such a meal without the least idea what the actual ritual was, and claimed to teach a masonic technique for becoming invisible. The conflict between the lodges, while obvious from other contemporary sources, is largely absent from both sets of minutes.
Other Masonic Documents.
Kirkwall Scroll.
The Kirkwall scroll is a floor cloth which contains many masonic symbols, many more opaque images, and cryptic writing which may either be a code or badly painted Hebrew. It hangs on the west wall of the temple of Lodge Kirkwall Kilwinning No. 38(2) in Orkney, but is too long to be completely displayed. It is 18 ft 6in long and 5 ft 6in wide, and is composed of a full-width central strip stitched at each side to two half-width side strips. The left border appears to show the wanderings of the Israelites before they arrived in Egypt, and reads from top to bottom. The right shows their wanderings in the wilderness after the Exodus, with the route marked in years from 1 to 46, and branching many times at the end. The central cloth contains seven painted scenes and tableaux. The bottom scene shows an altar flanked by two pillars, all surrounded by more or less familiar masonic symbols. Working upwards, the second has an altar surrounded by a different set of symbols, the third has the altar and pillars together with the cherubim present on the arms of the Antient Grand Lodge of England, the Grand Lodge of Ireland and the United Grand Lodge of England. Above this is a schematic of the tabernacle of the Ark of the Covenant, followed by what may be the last judgement. The sixth shows a cross atop a pyramid, surmounted by a rainbow, surrounded by masonic and alchemical symbols, and at the top a naked woman, assumed by early authors to be Eve, sitting under a tree surrounded by animals. In the distance is a sea or lake full of fish, and beyond this are mountains. The whole is painted in oil, mainly in pale blue. In the top tableau the woman, fish and animals are pink, the sea green, and the tree and mountains brown.
Lodge minutes of 27 December 1785 state; - "Bro. William Graeme, visiting brother from Lodge no 128 Ancient Constitution of England was at his own desire admitted to become a member of this Lodge, and he accordingly signed the articles and Rules thereof". Seven months later he donated a floor cloth to the lodge, now generally assumed to be the Kirkwall Scroll. Archivist and Masonic historian Robert Cooper has presented evidence arguing that the scroll was made by William Graeme, or under his direction, and he dates it to the latter part of the 18th century on the basis of a detailed analysis of its symbolism.
Cooper's contribution was in response to claims of mediaeval origin for the scroll. Andrew Sinclair, a leading proponent of Freemasonry's descent from the Knights Templar, hailed it as a great mediaeval treasure, comparable with the Mappa Mundi in Hereford Cathedral. His claim arises from what opponents describe as an optimistic reading of radiocarbon dating, and creative interpretation of the panels. The Tabernacle is claimed to be King Solomon's Temple, with the tents removed in Sinclair's reproduction. Sinclair and his supporters also have trouble with lodge 128 of the Antients. It is variously claimed to be in Yorkshire, or Prince Edwin's Lodge in Bury (a Moderns Lodge constituted in 1803). In 1785, 128 was meeting in the Crown and Feathers, Holborn, London. Robert Lomas, a supporter of the early dating, now sees part of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite in one of the altar inscriptions and much of the symbolism. This would place the document to the second half of the Eighteenth century in a conventional history of the Rite, but Lomas believes it to be mid-fifteenth, again based on radiocarbon dates, which make the side panels younger than the central strip. Realistically, agreement on the scroll, its context and symbolism is a long way off.
Statutes of Ratisbon.
The Statutes de Ratisbon were first formulated on 25 April 1459 as the rules of the German stonemasons, when the masters of the operative lodges met at Ratisbon (now Regensburg). They elected the master of works of Strasbourg Cathedral as their perpetual presiding officer. Strasbourg was already recognised as the Haupthütte, or Grand Lodge of German masons. The General Assembly was held again in 1464 and 1469, and the statutes and society were approved by the Emperor Maximilian in 1498. The final form of the statutes regulated the activity of master masons (Meister), with an appendix of rules for companions or fellows (Gesellen), and apprentices (Diener). These regulations were used for over a century as the Strasbourg lodge operated as a court for the settlement of building disputes. This ended in abuse of power, and the Magistrates removed the privilege in 1620. Strasbourg was annexed by France in 1681, and its rule over German operative lodges interdicted at the beginning of the 18th century. While there seems little likelihood that the code affected the emergence of German speculative lodges in the 18th century, they may have had some influence on a few of the English "charges".
Other German ordinances are found in the Cologne records (1396-1800), the Torgau ordinances of 1462, and the Strasbourg Brother-book of 1563. The Cologne guild comprised both stonemasons and carpenters, and was repeatedly referred to as the "Fraternity of St. John the Baptist".
Fabric Rolls of York Minster.
Records of the operative lodge at York Minster were kept on rolls of fabric, starting with an undated entry from about 1350–1360, and ending in 1639. Written mainly in Latin until the Reformation, they comprise accounts, letters, and other documents relating to the building and maintenance of the church.
Schaw Statutes.
William Schaw was master of works to King James VI of Scotland, and was also the general warden of all the lodges of Scottish stonemasons. This meant he was in charge of the erection, repair and maintenance of all government buildings, and also the running of what was already a fraternity of masons, who ensured that all building work was undertaken by properly qualified persons, and also provided for their own sick and the widows of their members. Schaw formalised the working of the lodges in two sets of statutes, set down on 28 December 1598 and 1599. Many now see these as the beginnings of modern Freemasonry. Robert Cooper, the archivist and writer, goes so far as to call Schaw the "Father of Freemasonry".
The Schaw Statutes were issued from Edinburgh, where Schaw seems to have met with representatives of lodges from central and Eastern Scotland. The 1598 statute enjoined masons to be true to one another, and live charitably together as becomes sworn brothers and companions of the craft. This shows that there was already an oath involved, and invoked the legal definition of a brother as one to whom another was bound by oath. There followed regulation of the craft, and provision for the masters of every lodge to elect a warden to have charge of the lodge every year, and that the choice be approved by the Warden General. An apprentice had to serve seven years before being received into a lodge, and a further seven before becoming a "fellow in craft", unless by consent of the masters, deacons and wardens, and after examination. The term "Entered Apprentice" is used for an apprentice who has been admitted to the lodge. The document was circulated to every lodge in Scotland, which caused some degree of upset in Kilwinning. Lodge Mother Kilwinning claimed to be the oldest lodge in Scotland, and was insulted not to have been represented. They sent Archibald Barclay to a further meeting in 1599, from which issued the second charter, again on 28 December. In an attempt to paper over the crack created by the first meeting, Edinburgh was declared the first and principle lodge, Kilwinning the second and head lodge. Stirling came third. Kilwinning was given charge of the West of Scotland, and charged to examine their masons in "the art of memory", with fines prescribed for failure. What is being remembered is unspecified, but evidently known to all the masons present. Schaw also insisted that each lodge employ a notary, which resulted in the Scottish lodges starting to keep minutes. The document ends by thanking Archibald Barclay, and looking forward to obtaining the King's warrant for the statutes. Kilwinning, far from being appeased, took no further part in the dealings of Schaws lodges.

</doc>
<doc id="9869851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869851" title="Committee on International Relations (University of Chicago)">
Committee on International Relations (University of Chicago)

The Committee on International Relations (CIR) is a one-year master's degree graduate program in the Division of Social Sciences at the University of Chicago. It is the oldest international relations graduate program in the United States.
History.
CIR was founded in 1928 by a group of University of Chicago professors, including Hans Morgenthau and Quincy Wright. While CIR is known worldwide for one of the most distinguished programs in the study of international security, CIR faculty and students are also well known for academic work in international political economy, international institutions, globalization, international law, human rights, comparative politics, development and regional studies.
Admissions.
Applicants from CIR come from around the world; about 25 percent of applications and accepted students are from outside the United States. Every year, CIR receives over 300 applicants for roughly 40-50 spots. In the admissions process, applicants are required to provide the standard CIR application, letters of recommendations, a personal statement, a 10-20 page writing sample, and their GRE scores. International applicants from non-English speaking countries also have to provide TOEFL or IELTS scores as all coursework is conducted in American English. Applicants typically have a GPA of 3.5 (on a 4.0 scale) or higher and must have a BA degree (or similar) from an accredited university. In addition to an applicant's academic background, relevant work experience and fit with the program are also taken into account.
Applications are evaluated by an admissions committee which includes the CIR preceptors and CIR's interim director, Prof. Dan Slater.
The program.
The combination of intellectual diversity and analytical strength provide a stimulating environment for CIR students. The small size and intellectual rigor of the program ensure that students with differing perspectives will challenge each other and come to a more sophisticated understanding of the complicated interaction between the realities of international politics and international economics. The program provides excellent preparation for students, whether they choose to continue their graduate studies in leading doctoral programs, or decide to work in government or the private sector.
Each CIR graduate student is assigned a preceptor based on their own disciplinary and research interests in international relations, such as war, regional studies, or international economics.
Coursework.
Students take three credited courses per quarter, which constitutes a full-load at the University of Chicago. Of the nine total courses, two are required "Core" classes, including a course on international security and another on international political economy. CIR students also take three mandatory non-credit classes, including two MA thesis workshops in the Fall and Winter quarters and a class taught by the CIR preceptors called "Perspectives on International Relations" in the Fall quarter. With the remaining seven credited courses, students are allowed to take any graduate-level course, with the following three restrictions: (1) seven of the nine courses must be on the CIR-approved course list, (2) at least three courses must be within the Division of Social Sciences, and (3) three courses must be taken in two of the four possible fields of study.
MA thesis.
CIR students must also complete a thesis under the guidance of their preceptor and a faculty adviser of their choosing. Students will be aided by the two required MA thesis workshop classes in the Fall and Winter quarters. Each thesis is expected to be between 35-45 pages in length and below 14,000 words.
MA with specialization.
CIR students who wish to pursue a particular research topic in greater depth than is possible in one year may pursue the second-year specialization program. Specialization is best designed for students who plan to continue with graduate studies in a Ph.D. program at the University of Chicago or elsewhere. Specialization is competitive; on average 4-6 students apply, and 2-4 are accepted.
Joint degrees.
CIR offers joint degrees with different programs and schools at the University of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="9869861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869861" title="Iwan Serrurier">
Iwan Serrurier

Iwan Serrurier (21 September 1878, Leiden - 1953) was a Dutch-born electrical engineer notable for inventing the Moviola.
Career.
Iwan was the son of Lindor Serrurier, curator of the ethnographic museum in The Hague, and Martina Lindo. In June 1903, Serrurier married Catharina Damme in Utrecht, soon after which they moved to the US and settled in Pasadena, California. Here their son Mark was born in May 1904. Serrurier sold real estate and worked for the Southern Pacific Railroad as a draftsman. Around 1917 Serrurier developed a home movie projector, which he called the "Moviola" since it was a similar concept to a Victrola. The device was hard to sell to home users since it cost $600 in 1920, a very large sum. An editor at Douglas Fairbanks Studios suggested that Serrurier should adapt the device for use by film editors; he did this and the Moviola as an editing device was born in 1924.
In 1946 Iwan Serrurier's son Mark Serrurier took over as president of Moviola Co., Iwan’s company. In 1979 Mark was awarded a special Academy Award for Technical Achievement for himself and Iwan Serrurier for their special contribution to movie editing.

</doc>
<doc id="9869870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869870" title="Nicolas Régnier">
Nicolas Régnier

Nicolas Régnier (1591–1667), alternatively Niccolò Renieri, Niccolo Renieri, Niccolò Renieri, Nicolaas Regnier, Nicolaas Renier, Nicolas Renier, Nicolas Renieri in Italian, was a Flemish painter and art collector, active in Italy during the Baroque period.
Born in Maubeuge, he initially apprenticed in Antwerp with Abraham Janssens, a painter contemporary with Caravaggio in Rome. It is unclear if Régnier reached Rome in 1615 or 1621–1625. He appears to have met Bartolomeo Manfredi, of whom, Joachim von Sandrart calls him a follower. Régnier served as official painter to Marchese Vincenzo Giustiniani, a prominent patron of Caravaggio. In Rome Régnier was also in close contact with Simon Vouet. By 1626, Régnier had moved to Venice, where in addition to painting, he began dealing in antiquities and paintings. In Venice, he was befriended Guido Cagnacci. He died in Venice.
Paintings by Nicolas Regnier can be seen at the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest, Hungary, The Staatsgalerie Stuttgart in Germany, National Museum of Serbia and the Detroit Institute of Arts. The painting of the Allegory of Vanity-Pandora is in the Staatsgalerie Stuttgart.
Œuvres.
Allegory of Vanity - Pandora (1626), private collection
Cardsharps and Fortune Teller (1620-1622), Museum of Fine Arts - Budapest
Carnival scene (1630), Muzeum Narodowe w Warszawie
The Death of Sophonisba (1665-1667), Leicester New Walk Museum & Art Gallery
Guessing Game(1620-1625), Galleria degli Uffizi - Florence
La diseuse de bonne aventure (The Fortune Teller), Nicolas Régnier (1625-1626), Musée du Louvre
Marquis Vincenzo Giustiniani (1630)
A Musician Playing a Lute to a Singing Girl (1621-1622), private collection
The Penitent Magdalen (1650-1660), Birmingham Museums and Art Gallery
Penitent Mary Magdalene, private collection
Portrait of Maria Farnese (1638)
Saint John the Baptist (1615-1620), Hermitage Museum - St. Petersburg
Saint Sebastian (1620), Hermitage Museum - St. Petersburg
Saint Sebastian (1622-1625), Gemaldegalerie Alte Meister - Dresden
Saint Sebastian Tended by the Holy Irene (1750-1760), Ferens Art Gallery - Hull
Self-Portrait with a Portrait on an Easel (1623-1624), Fogg Museum of Art - University of Harvard
Sleeper Awakened by a Young Woman with a Lit Wick (also known as Fortune Telling Scene), Nationalmuseum - Stockholm
Vanity (1626), Musée des Beaux-Arts de Lyon

</doc>
<doc id="9869883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869883" title="Qwiha">
Qwiha

Qwiha (also Kuha or Kwiha) is a town located in northern Ethiopia. The name comes from the local word for willows, which are abundant in the area. Located in the Debub Misraqawi (Southeastern) Zone of the Tigray Region, it lies 9 kilometers east of Mek'ele straddling the highway that leads to Addis Ababa. It has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2247 meters above sea level.
Overview.
Qwiha is the administrative center of the Enderta woreda. It had telephone service at least as early as 1956, when it is reported that the only hotel in town had the only telephone.
The airport of Mekelle, Alula Aba Nega Airport is located within the administrative boundaries of Qwiha. In Qwiha, the main paved road from Addis Ababa takes a sharp turn left to Mek'ele. The old road to Asmara, still bearing the "National road n°1" label, keeps heading north to the village of Maymagden and Wukro but is not asphalted. A local road starts in Qwiha linking the eastern tabias of Arato and Derge Agen to the woreda center. Seven kilometers south of Qwiha a regional road heading to Shiket and the Afar Region diverts from the national highway.
History.
On the northern edge of town are ruins, including a set of monolithic pillars. The ruins were first described by Nathaniel Pearce in the early 19th century, which included the presence of inscriptions. he also mentions the presence of a sacred spring whose waters "afflicted with disease resort from far and near to bathe." There is also a tradition that the ruins were part of a church dedicated to the Ethiopian saint Chirqos and destroyed by Imam Ahmad Gragn. Although no other remains of this structure has been recorded, a more recent church stands nearby and "grave digging has exposed rough walls and possibly Aksumite pottery."
The "Guido" describes Qwiha in 1938, during the Italian occupation, as having a small Italian settlement below the center of town, and little north of the pass a small church of "San Francesco da Páola" built by an Italian military unit. The town was occupied by the Woyane during their rebellion against the Ethiopian government in late 1943.
Demographics.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Qwiha has an estimated total population of 12,543, of whom 5,644 were males and 6,899 were females. The 1994 census reported it had a total population of 9,867 of whom 4,336 were males and 5,531 were females. It is one of two towns in Enderta woreda.

</doc>
<doc id="9869886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869886" title="Steven Skala">
Steven Skala

Steven Michael Skala AO (born 6 October 1955 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia) is the Vice Chairman of Deutsche Bank for Australia and New Zealand, and a member of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's board of directors since 6 October 2006. He is also a director of the Australian Ballet and the neo-liberal/conservative think tank, the Centre for Independent Studies. He is the deputy chairman of the Walter and Eliza Hall institute of medical research. He is a director of Wilson stockbrokers, the Nasdeq listed reinsurance company Maxre, Hexima Ltd. and chairman of Film Australia. He was formerly head of The Centre for contemporary arts in Melbourne. He was for 20 years a partner at the Melbourne law firm of Arnold Bloch Leibler where he headed its banking financing and takeover sections.
On 26 January 2010 Skala was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia for service to the visual and performing arts through roles supporting wider community access, to business and commerce, and to the community through the promotion of educational opportunities for young Australians.
Cricket.
As a student at Oxford University, Skala played two first-class cricket matches for the university, and also appeared in two List A cricket matches for the Combined Universities side which at that time included players from Oxford and Cambridge Universities only. He was a right-handed lower-order batsman and wicketkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="9869901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869901" title="Theodore Wirth House-Administration Building">
Theodore Wirth House-Administration Building

The Theodore Wirth House is a house in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, that was home to Theodore Wirth, an influential architect of the Minneapolis park system. Wirth was superintendent of the Minneapolis park system from 1906 through 1935, when he retired, and he continued to serve as superintendent emeritus until his death in 1949. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The house was recognized for Wirth's status as an international figure in the field of park design, for its role in bringing Wirth to Minneapolis, and for the work he did in the offices where he designed or redesigned the Minneapolis parks.
When Charles Loring originally approached Theodore Wirth to come to Minneapolis in 1905, Wirth was reluctant to accept the offer. His employer at the time, the city of Hartford, Connecticut, provided Wirth and his family a mansion in Elizabeth Park. Minneapolis did not have a home to provide, and as a civil servant, Wirth was unable to replace that benefit. During the process of negotiations, Loring agreed that the park board would build a home for Wirth. The home was to be located in Lyndale Farmstead Park, where Wirth could be inspired by watching park users. Wirth agreed to these terms and moved to Minneapolis in 1906. The house was designed by local architect Lowell Lamoreaux.

</doc>
<doc id="9869905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869905" title="Joseph Ingraham">
Joseph Ingraham

Joseph Ingraham (1762–1800) was an American sailor and Maritime Fur Trader who discovered several islands of the Marquesas Islands while on his way to trade along the West Coast of North America. He was also a prisoner in the American Revolutionary War and an officer in the United States Navy.
Early life.
During the War of Independence Joseph Ingraham was a sailor captured by the British. He spent part of the war on a prison ship. In 1787, he served as second mate aboard the "Columbia Rediviva" under the command of John Kendrick when it sailed to the Pacific Northwest to engage in the fur trade.
Pacific voyages.
On September 16, 1790, Ingraham set sail from Boston as captain of the brig "Hope". The ship and venture was paid for by George Perkins. Ingraham's destination was a return to the northwest coast to partake in the fur trade. Ingraham and his ship sailed around Cape Horn, passing by the southern tip of South America on January 26, 1791.
Their next stop was at Port Madre de Dios on the island of Dominica, part of the Marquesas Islands chain on April 14. While in this Spanish port they took on some provisions before sailing north again. A few days later on April 19, 1792, Ingraham discovered a small uncharted island group. These islands were situated roughly nine degrees south of the equator. Captain Ingraham named the group Washington Islands, and named many of the individual islands: Washington Island for the president, Adams Island for the vice president, Federal Island, Franklin Island, Knox Island, and lastly Lincoln Island for a general. The island are approximately at 9° 20' south of the Equator and 140° 54' west of London. These islands are part of the Marquesas chain. Upon sailing from the Marquesas archipelago Ingraham sailed north to the Sandwich Islands before sailing on to the Queen Charlotte Islands on the northwest coast of North America.
After arriving off the coast of North America, Captain Ingraham set about trading for the fur pelts he was sent to bargain for from the natives. On September 26, 1792, Ingraham encountered his former captain, Captain Robert Gray, captain of the "Columbia", in Neah Bay off Cape Flattery. Gray was there to sell his small craft "Adventure" to the Spanish. The "Adventure" was under the command of Ingraham’s former shipmate Robert Haswell. The next day Ingraham and the "Hope" set sail with the Spanish vessel "Princesa" that was sailing north to Nootka Sound to deliver Spain’s new administrator to that outpost. After spending the summer trading for fur pelts from the natives along the coast, Ingraham then sailed to China via the Sandwich Islands, and then back to Boston. On the journey to the Chinese mainland the ship log shows the crew passing by the island of Formosa. This voyage was a commercial failure.
Later life.
During the United States’ undeclared Quasi-War with France in the late 1790s Ingraham served as a naval officer. There he was a lieutenant, last appearing on Navy Department records on June 14, 1799. Joseph Ingraham was lost at sea in the fall of 1800 while serving on the USS "Pickering".
Legacy.
Ingraham Bay and Ingraham Point, in Alaska, are named for Joseph Ingraham.

</doc>
<doc id="9869929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869929" title="William McCartney">
William McCartney

William, Bill, Billy or Willie McCartney can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9869930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869930" title="Todd Musburger">
Todd Musburger

Todd W. Musburger is a Chicago-based attorney specializing in media and entertainment law. Since 1980 he has operated his own firm, Todd W. Musburger Ltd., which concentrates in representing individuals in the fields of television, radio, film, publishing and music.
Todd is a 1973 graduate of the DePaul University College of Law. He famously represented Phil Jackson during his championship years with the Chicago Bulls and his acrimonious negotiations with Bulls' management. Musburger also represents his brother Brent who is a long time sports broadcaster who currently works with ABC/ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="9869950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869950" title="Economic history of Peru">
Economic history of Peru

The economic history of Peru has its traditional roots in natural resources such as mining, farming, fishing, and agriculture. In precolonial times, during the reign of the Inca empire, the economy was mainly agricultural, though it reached some animal husbandry and mining development. The primary goal of the Incan economy was substinence, with a system based on reciprocity and exchange of products.
In recent years, there has been a noticeable increase in slight industries, services, and high technologies. In 2007, the Peruvian economy grew 9%, the largest growth rate in the world.
Pre-colonial.
The Tahuantinsuyo was organized in dominions with a stratified society, in which the ruler was the Inca. It was also supported by an economy based on the collective property of the land. In fact, the Inca Empire was conceived like an ambitious and audacious civilizing project, based on a mythical thought, in which the harmony of the relationships between the human being, nature, and gods was truly essential. The economy was mainly agricultural, though it reached some animal husbandry and mining development. The primary goal of the Incan economy was substinence, with a system based on reciprocity and exchange of products
Colonial.
The colonial economy was dominated by mineral wealth, and labor was initially provided through enslavement of the indigenous peoples. Peru’s precious mineral resources and large indigenous population placed it at the core of the South American colonies; according to Palmer, Peru could be ranked second on a scale of colonial penetration (Mahoney, 66). Textiles, minerals, and sugars from the colonies were exported back to Europe.
After the war of succession of 1700, Spain began to lose its monopoly over colonial trade. In the mid-18th century, liberal factions began to appear within the colonial elite; these questioned the legitimacy of the crown’s rule in the Americas. These “Creole patriots”, which had originally been marginalized to the periphery of the empire (Venezuela, Argentina, etc.), provided the necessary conditions for successful economic development during the late colonial period (Mahoney, 52, 80). The introduction of free trade led to explosive growth throughout the empire, with Spain receiving ten times more imports by the end of the 18th century. Despite this overall growth of the colonies, the trend observed in Peru over the course of the century and a half following the war of secession was one of stagnation. The regional socioeconomic hierarchy inverted itself, as core territories where liberals were absent experienced much lower levels of economic development. Their marginalization actually allowed them to benefit from expanded trade opportunities. According to Mahoney, “regional specialists have argued that underdevelopment throughout such as Peru can be traced to colonial patterns of economic dependence, Hispanic culture, and inefficient markets and economic arrangements".
Attempting to protect its colonial possessions and reverse its faltering role in colonial trade, the crown implemented liberalizing reforms, hastening the removal of trade restrictions and weakening colonial monopolies. This continued the decay of the core regions, leaving them more exposed to the uncertainties of the free market. By the mid-19th century, the reversal of the socioeconomic hierarchy was complete; Peru would not recover its Viceroyalty-era supremacy (Mahoney, 86).
Post-colonial.
Peru embarked on a railroad building program. Henry Meiggs built a standard gauge line from Callao across the Andes to the Interior, Huancayo; striking for Cuzco he built the line but also bankrupted the country.
In 1879, Peru entered the War of the Pacific which lasted until 1884. Bolivia invoked its alliance with Peru against Chile. The Peruvian Government tried to mediate the dispute by sending a diplomatic team to negotiate with the Chilean government, but the committee concluded that war was inevitable. Chile declared war on April 5, 1879. Almost five years of war ended with the loss of the department of Tarapacá and the provinces of Tacna and Arica, in the Atacama region.
Originally Chile committed to a referendum for the cities of Arica and Tacna to be held years later, in order to self determine their national affiliation. However, Chile refused to apply the Treaty, and both countries could not determine the statutory framework. In an arbitrage that both countries admitted, the USA decided that the plebiscite was impossible to take, therefore, direct negotiations between the parties led to a treaty (Treaty of Lima, 1929), in which Arica was ceded to Chile and Tacna remained in Peru. Tacna returned to Peru on August 29, 1929. The territorial loss and the extensive looting of Peruvian cities by Chilean troops left scars on the country's relations with Chile that have not yet fully healed.
After the War of the Pacific, an extraordinary effort of rebuilding began. The government started to initiate a number of social and economic reforms in order to recover from the damage of the war. Political stability was achieved only in the early 20th century.
20th century.
On October 29, 1948, General Manuel A. Odría led a successful military coup and became the new President. Thanks to a thriving economy, Odría was able to implement expensive, populist social reconstruction, including housing projects, hospitals, and schools. His government was dictatorial, however, and civil rights were severely restricted, and corruption was rampant throughout his régime.
Military juntas continued to majoritarily rule Peru over the next three decades. The economic policies of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s in particular, were based on the substitution of imports, and had little effect on the size of the economy. General Francisco Morales Bermúdez replaced leftist General Juan Velasco Alvarado in 1975, citing Velasco's economic mismanagement, among other factors. Morales Bermúdez brought about a more conservative period, beginning the task of restoring the country's economy.
In 1980, after 12 years of military rule, Fernando Belaúnde Terry was elected President. After a promising beginning, his popularity eroded under the stress of inflation, economic hardship, and terrorism; his government's lukewarm liberalization attempt failed in the context of the Latin American debt crisis, as per capita income declined, Peru's foreign debt burgeoned, and violence by leftist insurgents (notably Shining Path) rose steadily during the internal conflict in Peru, which was launched the day before Belaúnde's election. He continued many of the projects that were planned during his 1963-1968 term, including the completion of the "Carretera Marginal de la Selva", a roadway linking Chiclayo on the Pacific coast with then-isolated northern regions Amazonas and San Martín.
During the next years, the economic problems left behind by the junta government persisted, worsened by an occurrence of the "El Niño" weather phenomenon in 1982–83, which caused widespread flooding in some parts of the country, severe droughts in others, and decimated the schools of ocean fish that are one of the country's major resources.
Belaúnde's successor, Alan García, was elected to office in 1985. His administration applied heterodox policies through the expansion of public expenditure and limitations on external debt payments. With a parliamentary majority for the first time in APRA's history, García's administration showed economic promise much as Belaúnde's had. Despite his initial popularity, García's term in office was marked by bouts of hyperinflation, which reached 7,649% in 1990 and had a cumulative total of 2,200,200% over his five-year term, profoundly destabilizing the Peruvian economy. As a result of this chronic inflation, the Peruvian currency, the sol, was replaced by the inti in mid-1985, which itself was replaced by the nuevo sol in July 1991; the new currency had an equivalent value of one billion old "soles". During García's administration, the per capita annual income of Peruvians fell to $720 (below 1960 levels) and Peru's GDP dropped by 20%. By the end of his term, national reserves were a negative $900 million.
García's term was also characterized by heavy increases in poverty. According to studies by the National Institute of Statistics and Informatics and the United Nations Development Programme, at the start of his presidency, 41.6% of Peruvians lived in poverty. By 1991, this figure had increased to 55%. García also attempted to nationalize the banking and insurance industries. He incurred the wrath of the International Monetary Fund and the financial community by unilaterally declaring a limit on debt repayment equal to 10% of the gross national product, thereby isolating Peru from the international financial markets. One of his administration's most glaring failures was a multi-million dollar electric tram project for Lima that was never completed; the supports for the elevated track still stand in many places around the city.
Critics of García's presidency claim that his many poor decisions while in office created an environment that led to the rise of an authoritarian leader like Alberto Fujimori, who came to power in 1990. Fujimori implemented drastic measures that caused inflation to drop from 7,650% in 1990 to 139% in 1991. Faced with opposition to his reform efforts, Fujimori dissolved Congress in the "auto-golpe" of April 5, 1992. He then revised the constitution; called for new congressional elections, and undertook a process of economic liberalization which put an end to price controls, discarded protectionism, eliminated restrictions on foreign direct investment and privatized most state companies. The reforms allowed sustained economic growth, except for a slump after the 1997 Asian financial crisis.
Positive results have begun to appear after 15 years, reflecting an expanding global economy; according to figures provided by the "INEI", in 2007 the gross national product grew by 8.99%, exports grew by over 35% (reaching US$ 27.8 billion), private and public investments accounted for 21% of the GDP (24.4% in 2008), net international reserves (including gold) reached US$ 35.1 billion, state income from taxation increased by 33%, national debt with respect to GNP was reduced from 50% in 2000 to 34% in 2006; finally, the national budget has grown by 50% in the five years before 2007.
Since 1990, the Peruvian economy has undergone considerable free market reforms, from legalizing parts of the informal sector to significant privatization in the mining, electricity and telecommunications industries. Thanks to strong foreign investment and the cooperation between the Fujimori government and the International Monetary Fund and World Bank, growth was strong in 1994-97 and inflation was brought under control. In 1998, El Niño's impact on agriculture, the financial crisis in Asia, and instability in Brazilian markets undercut growth. 1999 was another lean year for Peru, with the aftermath of El Niño and the Asian financial crisis working its way through the economy. Lima did manage to complete negotiations for an Extended Fund Facility with the IMF in June 1999, although it subsequently had to renegotiate the targets.
Peru's per-capita growth rates have diverged from overall growth rates over the last quarter century. Peru’s GDP per capita peaked in 1981 and is only now returning to that level. By the end of 2006 the government had enacted measures that allowed the economy to improve by increasing investments, expanding production and exports. Raw materials and agroindustrial products represent the bulk of potential exports. By the end of the decade of 2010, investment is expected to total US$25 billion for mining activities, US$20 billion in energy and petroleum, US$12 billion for commerce, US$8 billion for agricultural industries, and US$5 billion for tourism. Thanks to the discovery of large petroleum and natural gas reserves, Peru is expected to become an important exporter of hydrocarbons by 2010, after being a net importer for decades.

</doc>
<doc id="9869957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869957" title="Red seabream">
Red seabream

Red sea bream is a name given to at least two species of fish of the family "Sparidae", "Pagrus major" and "Pagellus bogaraveo". "Pagellus bogaraveo" is also known as blackspot sea bream.
In Japan, "Pagrus major" is known as madai (真鯛, or "genuine tai") and is prized both for its flavor and for its traditional use as an auspicious food often served at New Year's and festive occasions such as weddings. In Korea, it is known as "Ch'amdom" (참돔). Pagrus major is also the most commonly eaten fish in Taiwan. This fish is grilled over charcoal or wood fire in Spain and known as "besugo". It can also be served with buckwheat groats.
Also a closely related fish known as "Pandora" in the eastern Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="9869983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9869983" title="CANACO">
CANACO

Mexico´s Local Chambers of Commerce all of whom are affiliated to CONCANACO (Confederation of the National Chambers of Commerce).

</doc>
<doc id="9870019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870019" title="2007–08 UEFA Champions League">
2007–08 UEFA Champions League

The 2007–08 UEFA Champions League was the 16th season of UEFA's premier European club football tournament, the UEFA Champions League, since it was rebranded in 1992, and the 53rd tournament overall.
The final was played on 21 May 2008 at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, where Manchester United played against Chelsea, making it an all-English final for the first time in the history of the European Cup. Manchester United won the match 6–5 on penalties, following a 1–1 draw after extra time.
Milan were the defending champions, but were eliminated by Arsenal in the first knockout round.
Qualification.
76 teams participated in the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League from UEFA's 53 member associations. Each association enters a certain number of clubs to the Champions League based on its league coefficient; associations with a higher league coefficients may enter more clubs than associations with a lower league coefficient, but no association may enter more than four teams. All UEFA associations are guaranteed to have at least one team qualify, with the exception of Liechtenstein, which competes in the Swiss league system, but has no team in the Swiss Super League. One new nation entered their league champion in this year's tournament: Montenegro, following the dissolution of Serbia and Montenegro. The champions from San Marino and Andorra also entered from this year onwards. Below is the qualification scheme for the 2007–08 Champions League:
First qualifying round: (28 teams)
Second qualifying round: (28 teams)
Third qualifying round: (32 teams)
Group stage: (32 teams)
TH Title Holders: The champions of the 2006–07 competition went through to the group stage directly.
Round and draw dates.
The calendar shows the dates of the rounds and draw.
1 Group D teams played their Matchday 6 fixtures on 4 December due to Milan's participation in the 2007 FIFA Club World Cup in Japan on 13 and 16 December.
2 As both Milan and Internazionale use the Stadio San Siro as their home pitch, and both were scheduled to play at home for the second leg of the first knockout round, Internazionale's home leg against Liverpool was postponed by one week to 11 March 2008.
Qualifying rounds.
First qualifying round.
The draw was held on Friday, 29 June 2007 in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Michele Centenaro, UEFA's head of club competitions. The first leg matches were held on 17 July and 18 July, while the second legs were played on 24 July and 25 July 2007.
Second qualifying round.
The draw was held on Friday, 29 June 2007 in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Michele Centenaro, UEFA's head of club competitions. The first leg matches were played on 31 July and 1 August, while the second legs were played on 7 August and 8 August 2007.
Third qualifying round.
The draw was held on Friday, 3 August 2007 in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Giorgio Marchetti, UEFA's director of professional football. The first leg matches were played on 14 August and 15 August, while the second legs were played on 28 August and 29 August 2007. Winners in this round qualified for the group stage, while the losing clubs entered the first round of the UEFA Cup. Due to the death of Antonio Puerta, the second leg of Sevilla's game against AEK Athens was postponed until 3 September.
Group stage.
The draw was held on Thursday, 30 August 2007 at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco. The draw was hosted by Pedro Pinto and conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Michele Centenaro, UEFA's head of club competitions. The matches were played between 18 September and 12 December 2007.
The top two teams in each group advanced to the knockout stage, and the third-placed teams entered the round of 32 of the UEFA Cup. Based on paragraph 6.05 in the UEFA regulations for the current season, if two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings:
Sevilla and Slavia Prague made their debut appearance in the group stage.
"In results tables, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."
Knockout stage.
From the last 16 through to the semi-finals, clubs play two matches against each other on a home and away basis with the same rules as the qualifying rounds applied. In the last 16, group winners play runners-up other than teams from their own pool or nation.
The draw for the first knockout round was held on Friday, 21 December 2007 in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Giorgio Marchetti, UEFA's director of professional football.
The draws for the quarter-finals and semi-finals were both held on Friday, 14 March 2008 in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Rinat Dasayev, the ambassador for the final in Moscow. Unlike the first knockout round, teams from the same group or country may be drawn together from the quarter-finals onwards.
First knockout round.
The first leg matches were played on 19 February and 20 February, while the second legs were played on 4 March and 5 March 2008. Due to a stadium clash with Milan, the second leg of Internazionale's game against Liverpool was held on 11 March.
Quarter-finals.
The first leg matches were played on 1 April and 2 April, while the second leg matches were played on 8 April and 9 April 2008.
Semi-finals.
The first leg matches were played on 22 April and 23 April, while the second leg matches were played on 29 April and 30 April 2008.
Final.
The 2008 UEFA Champions League Final was played on 21 May 2008 at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Russia. The final was contested by Manchester United and Chelsea, representing the first time the final had been contested by two teams from England.
United won the match 6–5 on penalties after the game had ended in a 1–1 draw. Cristiano Ronaldo had given the eventual victors the lead after 26 minutes, only for Frank Lampard to equalise immediately before half-time. Ryan Giggs came on as a substitute late in the second half to make his 759th appearance for Manchester United, a new club record. Early in extra time, Giggs had a shot cleared off the Chelsea goal-line by John Terry, whilst Chelsea twice hit the Manchester United woodwork. A melée involving most of the 22 players ensued mid-way through the second half of extra time, with Didier Drogba being sent off for a slap on Nemanja Vidić right in front of the referee.
The scores level at full-time, the match went to penalties. Chelsea took the upper hand in the third round of the shoot-out as Cristiano Ronaldo's penalty was saved by Petr Čech, handing John Terry the chance to win the cup with Chelsea's fifth penalty. However, Chelsea's captain lost his footing as he went to kick the ball, and his shot hit the post. Ryan Giggs stepped up for United's seventh penalty, and scored, before Edwin van der Sar saved the following kick from Nicolas Anelka to crown Manchester United as the champions of Europe for the third time.
As winners of the competition, Manchester United went on to represent Europe at the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup.
Top goalscorers.
The top scorers from the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League (group stage and knockout stage only) are as follows:
Source: UEFA Champions League Press Release - Top Scorers - Final - Wednesday 21 May 2008 (after match)

</doc>
<doc id="9870022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870022" title="East Choutapalem">
East Choutapalem

East Choutapalem is a village in Darsi Mandal, Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh state, India.

</doc>
<doc id="9870034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870034" title="Texas Transportation Museum">
Texas Transportation Museum

The Texas Transportation Museum (TTM) is a transportation museum located near San Antonio, Texas, USA.
It was created in 1964 to help preserve artifacts and information about San Antonio's transportation history. TTM operates as much of the collection as possible, including many railroad vehicles on its own heritage railroad, the Longhorn and Western Railroad.
The museum was originally located at the Pearl Brewing Company in Downtown San Antonio and had used the tracks of the Texas Transportation Company. In 1967 the museum was granted use of approximately forty acres of what was then known as the Northeast Preserve, now McAllister Park, just north of the San Antonio International Airport on Wetmore Road.
TTM operates artifacts on the L&W as well as several model train layouts and many automobiles.
TTM also provides an educational and entertaining experience which interprets how developments in transportation technology shaped and continue to impact daily life. TTM experienced a 55% growth in attendance between 2002 and 2006, from 8,370 to 13,013 persons annually.
TTM is a registered 501c3 Charitable organization.

</doc>
<doc id="9870036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870036" title="Cyclone Taylor Trophy">
Cyclone Taylor Trophy

The Cyclone Taylor Award is the award given each year to the most valuable player on the Vancouver Canucks (a National Hockey League team). It is named after Cyclone Taylor, a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who led the Vancouver Millionaires to the Stanley Cup in 1915. The award was dedicated to him prior to the 1979-80 Canuck season, the season after his death on June 9, 1979, although an award for the Canucks MVP has existed since the team's inauguration in 1970. Previously it was a Canucks MVP Award as selected by the fans while the other MVP award, the President's Trophy was selected by CP Air and later Canadian Airlines. However after the 1995–96 season, the Cyclone Taylor Trophy officially became the lone Canucks MVP award since the winners of each trophy was identical.
The most prolific winner of the Cyclone Taylor Trophy is Markus Naslund, who has been awarded five times (including four straight from 2001 to 2004), followed by Trevor Linden with four. The trophy's present holder is Cory Schneider (2013). 
Winners.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="9870045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870045" title="Aimery IV of Narbonne">
Aimery IV of Narbonne

Aimery IV (or Aimeric IV) () (c. 1230 – October 1298) was the Viscount of Narbonne, an Italian "condottiero" and captain. Aimery first entered Italy in the service of Charles I of Anjou, who had been granted the Sicilian crown by Pope Clement IV in 1265. Guiraut Riquier, last of the Occitan troubadours, was employed by Aimery.
By 1289, Aimery had so distinguished himself that he was put in command of the Guelph troops massed to attack the Ghibellines of Arezzo. During that campaign, the two armies met at the Battle of Campaldino and Aimery won the victory on which his reputation rests. He conquered most of the Aretine countryside, taking many castles by storm, from to the gates of Arezzo itself. This, however, he failed to take by siege, as the Aretines made several valiant sorties which successfully destroyed his siege engines. The campaign was nevertheless a success and Aimery was received triumphantly upon his return to Florence, where he was the representative of Charles II of Naples.
Aimery married Joanna, daughter of Jordan IV of L'Isle-Jourdain. The Italian form of his name became popular in Tuscany for centuries after his success at Campaldino and it was via a Tuscan named Amerigo Vespucci that two continents—the Americas—received their names. Giovanni Villani, the Florentine chronicler, calls him "Nerbona" throughout his account.

</doc>
<doc id="9870048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870048" title="Norman Hill">
Norman Hill

Norman Hill (born April 22, 1933 in Summit, New Jersey) is an influential African-American administrator, activist and labor leader. He attended Haverford College in Pennsylvania and received a bachelor’s degree in 1956 in the field of sociology. He was one of the first African-Americans to graduate from Haverford. After college, Hill served in the military. After returning from military service, he moved to Chicago to join in the Civil Rights Movement and to pursue a master's degree in the University of Chicago School of Social Welfare, which he dropped in favor of more direct social action. Hill was appointed Chicago Coordinator and held various positions in projects around Chicago, including Youth March for Integrated Schools, Secretary of Chicago Area Negro American Labor Council, and Staff Chairman of the Chicago March Conventions.
Another endeavor Hill joined was the Congress of Racial Equality. In this organization, Hill was first the East Coast Field Secretary and then moved his way up to the position of National Program Director. As National Program Director, Hill coordinated the route 40 desegregation of restaurants, the Waldorf campaign, and illustrated the civil rights demonstration that took place at the 1964 Republican National Convention.
From 1964 to 1967, Norman Hill served as the Legislative Representative and Civil Rights Liaison of the Industrial Union department of the AFL-CIO. He was involved in the issue of raising minimum wage and the labor delegation on the Selma to Montgomery marches against racial discrimination in politics and voting in the southern United States.
In 1967, Hill became active in the A. Philip Randolph Institute. He began as Associate Director, but later became Executive Director, and finally President. As Associate Director, Hill coordinated and organized the Memphis March in 1968, after Martin Luther King’s assassination. In his career at the A. Philip Randolph Institute, Hill created over two hundred local chapters of this organization across the United States.
In 1969, Norman Hill also had a lead role in the controversial movie "Burn!", starring Marlon Brando and Evaristo Marquez and directed by Gillo Pontecorvo, about the impact and morality of an English mercenary on the slave revolt of an "imaginary" Caribbean island of Queimada.

</doc>
<doc id="9870081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870081" title="Sweetie's Diamonds">
Sweetie's Diamonds

"Sweetie's Diamonds" is a suspense thriller written by Raymond Benson that was first published in 2006 by Five Star/Thomson Gale. A mass market paperback edition was published by Leisure Books, an imprint of Dorchester Publishing, in 2007. The novel won the "Best Thriller of 2006" award at the Love is Murder writers' conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9870090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870090" title="David D'Errico">
David D'Errico

David D'Errico (born June 3, 1952, in Newark, New Jersey) is a retired American soccer player. He spent six seasons in the North American Soccer League (NASL), five in Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL) and one in the United Soccer League (USL). He won three MISL championships and earned nineteen caps with the United States national team between 1974 and 1977.
Youth and college.
David D'Errico grew up playing soccer in Harrison, New Jersey with his three older brothers (Anthony, Thomas, and Michael). Throughout his youth, he played for the local Kearny Scots. D'Errico graduated from New Jersey’s Harrison High School in 1969. In 1999, he was named by "The Star-Ledger" as one of the top ten New Jersey high school soccer players of the 1940s-1960s.
In 1972, he entered Hartwick College where he played on the men's soccer team for the 1972 and 1973 seasons. He was a First-Team All-American in 1973, the year that Hartwick went to the NCAA tournament quarterfinals before losing to Brown University in double overtime. David D'Errico graduated from Hartwick in 1974 with a bachelor's degree in history having played twenty-seven games, scored six goals and assisted on six others.
NASL.
In 1974, the expansion Seattle Sounders selected D'Errico with the first overall pick in the NASL College Draft. In the 1974-1975 NASL offseason, the Sounders loaned David to League of Ireland First Division club, Dundalk for a month. After spending three seasons in Seattle, D'Errico broke his fibula and tore ligaments during practice. At the time, he and Mike England were competing for the starting position. The injury led to the Sounders going with England on the front line. After a contract dispute D'Errico asked to be traded to the Minnesota Kicks. He spent only a single season in Minnesota before moving to the New England Tea Men for the 1978 season. That year, he was named as an Honorable Mention All-Star.
MISL and NASL.
At the end of the 1978 season, David began alternating between the outdoor NASL and the indoor Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). In 1978, he joined the Cincinnati Kids for its one season in the newly established MISL. The Kids played the first MISL game, against the New York Arrows. That year the Kids made the playoffs only to lose to the Arrows in the semifinals.
In 1979, David played for the Rochester Lancers of the NASL. Once again he played only a single season with the Lancers, but his time with the team was significant in that the Lancers also entered the MISL as the New York Arrows. D'Errico was second-team All-Star for the 1979-1980 MISL season and a first-team All-Star for the 1980-1981 MISL season.
D'Errico played one more season in the NASL, this time with the San Diego Sockers in 1980. The Sockers were a team, much like the Lancers/Arrows, a solid outdoors team, but came to dominate the indoor league.
USL.
In 1984, D'Errico played for the Charlotte Gold. The Gold were a part of the short live outdoor United Soccer League which lasted only the 1984 and part of the 1985 season. D'Errico acted as a player-coach and led the team to an 11-13 record. The Gold folded at the end of the season.
National team.
D'Errico also made his debut for the U.S. national team in 1974, playing the team's only two games of that year, both losses to Mexico. In 1975 he played two of the team's five games, one as a sub. However, in 1976, he became an integral member of the team and its eventual captain as it began qualifications for the 1978 World Cup. He continued to play through the end of 1977 and experienced the disappointment of failing to qualify for the World Cup finals in 1978 in Argentina.
D'Errico has a graduate degree from Seattle Pacific University in sports psychology and sociology.
In 1995, Hartwick College inducted D'Errico into its Athletic Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9870098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870098" title="Rod Heeps">
Rod Heeps

Thomas Roderick Heeps (b. 7 March 1938 in Hamilton, Waikato and d. 20 November 2002 in Wanganui). He played ten matches for the All Blacks including five tests in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="9870102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870102" title="Phil Stack">
Phil Stack

Phil Stack is the bassist and one of the founding members of the Australian band, Thirsty Merc. Born in 1977, Stack grew up with his three older sisters in the New South Wales city of Dubbo. Stack is an accomplished jazz and rock musician within Australia. He is also a regular performer, playing double bass with Australian jazz music icon James Morrison. Stack studied at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music in his earlier years and is now a regular feature at major music festivals in the rock and jazz genre.
I In November 2008, Stack was awarded first place in the National Jazz Awards held at the Melbourne Jazz Festival. After the initial 10 finalists were reduced to 3, Phil beat Ben Waples (Sydney) and Sam Anning (Melbourne) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="9870106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870106" title="Ernest Wright">
Ernest Wright

Ernest or Ernie Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9870121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870121" title="Aaron Baker">
Aaron Baker

Aaron Eli Baker (1620–1683) was an English colonial agent of the Honourable East India Company, holding Presidency positions in Bantam and Madras in the 1640s and 1650s. Baker made a fortune in the East India trade.
Madras period.
Baker was the first President of Madras when the Presidency of Fort St George was created in the year 1652. He served as President from 1652 to 1655.
In 1652-53, caste conflicts arose between "left-hand" and "right-hand castes" which was settled by the English, who reserved the eastern half of the Indian quarter for the "left-hand" castes and the western half of the quarter for the "right-hand" castes.
During this period, the area around Madras was in great turmoil due to the rebellion of Mir Jumla against his overlord in Golconda. During this time, Bala Rao, the chief of Poonamallee raised the customs duties on English goods, thereby causing a drastic increase in the price of goods. Madras was besieged by Bala Rao and his colleague, Tupaki Krishnappa Naick. This blockade and the economic boycott of English trade by Bala Rao forced the English to reduce Fort St George from a Presidency to an Agency when Baker's term came to an end.
Baker's wife, Elizabeth Baker, has the dubious distinction of having the oldest English tombstone in India. She died in 1652 in childbirth at sea when on her way to join her husband in Madras.
Private trade was allowed while holding Presidency positions but had at first been frowned upon; both Aaron Baker and Sir Edward Winter were ultimately dismissed for it.
Later years.
Baker retired to Bowhay, near Dunchideock, Devon, England, with the fortunes he earned. In 1669 he rebuilt the chancel aisle of St. Michael's church in Dunchideock, where is a monument to his memory.
On 25 July 1672 Mr. Aaron Baker of Exminster and Mrs Mary Rowe of the parish of Ayston were married.
Baker died in 1683 and is buried in St. Michael, Dunchideock.

</doc>
<doc id="9870126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870126" title="Alexei Komech">
Alexei Komech

Alexei Komech (8 August 1936 – 28 February 2007) was a Russian preservationist, architectural historian and art critic who helped protect the cultural heritage of Moscow and Saint Petersburg for over 50 years. He was the Director of the Moscow Art History Institute and a member of the Moscow's City Government's Architectural Consultative Council. 
Komech commanded immense respect in the city of Moscow and often battled with the mayor, Yury Luzhkov, and local developers to save the city's architectural heritage from the "substitution of historic sites with modern reproductions and theatrical imitations." He also served on the board of the Open Society Institute–Russia
'The city is interested in receiving so much construction that it pushes the architecture council to allow anything,' he said. 'It has allowdevelopers to destroy, to start anew, to build underground garages at the price of the historical part of the city. ... It's all at the expense of the city's history'

</doc>
<doc id="9870140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870140" title="Bedlam Born">
Bedlam Born

Bedlam Born is the 16th studio album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span. It is the second of two albums made by a line-up consisting of Gay Woods, Bob Johnson, Peter Knight, and Tim Harries, and only the second album on which Maddy Prior did not make an appearance. The title refers not to a bedlam, but to Christ's birth in Bethlehem (which is occasionally corrupted to 'Bedlam'). "There is a child in Bedlam born" is a line from "Stephen".
Tracks and reception.
Their previous album, "Horkstow Grange" was not well received by fans, many of whom complained that the album was too light on rock and too heavy on folk. For "Bedlam Born" the band emphasized the rock elements, producing tracks such as "Well Done Liar", "John of Ditchford", and "We Poor Laboring Men" that have a strong rock guitar line, driving bass, and comparatively heavy drumming, provided by the band's regular guest drummer Dave Mattacks. While Woods was the primary lead singer on 'Horkstow Grange', on this album she sings lead on only 5 songs, mostly quieter pieces that allow her to demonstrate her shimmering high range. Two of these pieces, "Arbour" and "The White Cliffs of Dover" experiment with spoken-word sequences, something entirely new for the band. ("John of Ditchford", incidentally, is a fairly accurate retelling of an actual murder case that occurred in England in the early 14th century.)
According to Woods, two tracks, "I See His Blood Upon the Rose" and "Stephen", attracted considerable complaint from fans. Both pieces are explicitly Christian, with "Stephen" being about a stable boy in Bethlehem at the time of the Massacre of the Innocents. Fans objected that the band had always stuck to secular music and felt uncomfortable about the religious sentiments of these two tracks. This complaint is to some extent unjustified since, although the majority of the band's repertoire is secular, the band has in fact performed a number of explicitly Christian pieces over the course of its history. Its second-highest charting song, "Gaudete" is a Latin chant celebrating Christ's birth. "Harvest Home", off "Sails of Silver" is a 19th-century Anglican hymn. Although Steeleye didn't get around to recording "Lyke-Wake Dirge" until 2002, this medieval song about Purgatory was the introduction of their first American tour, while "Lanercost" from "Back in Line" uses the Kyrie Eleison as its chorus. In 2004, the band would release "Winter", an album of Christmas songs, about half of which were traditional Christian pieces.
Like the previous album, reactions to 'Bedlam' were mixed. Many complained that the album was too rock-heavy, while others lamented Prior's continued absence. On the other hand, some celebrated the album as a return to the sound the band had during the mid-70s.
Aftermath.
The recording of this album was reportedly rather tumultuous, with Woods eventually quitting the band again, reportedly over money issues, and Harries also departing after the release of the album. Johnson, who had been the band's main guitarist for most of the band's history, chose to retire because of health trouble. This left a need for a lead guitarist for the band's tour, and Rick Kemp, who had been a member in the band's commercially successful middle period, returned and eventually rejoined the band on a full-time basis. During the tour, Kemp and Harries alternated playing lead guitar and bass.
Credits.
Dave Mattacks - drums, percussion

</doc>
<doc id="9870149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870149" title="Simpatico (Suzy Bogguss and Chet Atkins album)">
Simpatico (Suzy Bogguss and Chet Atkins album)

Simpatico is an album by Suzy Bogguss and Chet Atkins, released in 1994.
History.
Atkins and Bogguss were nominated for the 1996 Grammy award for Best Country & Western Vocal Collaboration (for the song "All My Loving" on the Beatles tribute album "") but did not win.

</doc>
<doc id="9870158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870158" title="Gran Teatro de La Habana">
Gran Teatro de La Habana

The Gran Teatro de La Habana (Spanish "Great Theatre of Havana") is located in the Paseo del Prado in Havana, Cuba. It is located in a building known as the "Palace of the Galician Centre", which was built as a place of social reunion for the Galician immigrants in Havana. The theatre has been home of the Cuban National Ballet and, on its main stage, of the International Ballet Festival of Havana. It facilities include theatres, a concert hall, conference rooms, and a video screening room, as well as an art gallery, a choral centre, and several rehearsal halls for danzarias groups and dance companies.
It was officially opened in 1838, although its first presentation occurred on November 1837.
Construction history.
The building known as "The Great Tacón Theatre" was demolished in 1907 to open the way to the one that currently exists, the "Palace of the Galician Centre". The theatre is adorned with a stone and marble statue. There are also sculptures by Giuseppe Moretti, representing allegories depicting benevolence, education, music and theatre.
The construction of the current building, financed by donations of Galician emigrants, began in 1908 and was opened in 1915 with an opera season offered by important lyrical figures of the time. It was not until 1985, and at the initiative of the prima ballerina Alicia Alonso, that the building was renamed and became the Great Theatre of Havana.
The theatre today.
The principal venue is the García Lorca Auditorium, with seats for 1,500; it provides a stage for the Cuban National Ballet Company, as well as for other dance and musical performances. During the 19th and 20th century performances took place on its stage by artists of the highest rank, such as Ole Bull, Enrico Caruso, Fanny Elssler, Anna Pavlova, Antonia Mercé, Ruth Saint Denis, Ted Shawn, Vicente Escudero, Maya Plisetskaya, Clorinda Corradi, Sarah Bernhardt, Carla Fracci and Alicia Alonso, as well remarkable companies such as the American Ballet Theatre, the Royal Winnipeg Ballet, Antonio Gades ballet, the Ballet of the Colón Theatre of Buenos Aires, the Ballet Folclórico of Mexico, plus many other highly respected artists and ballet companies of the time.
The theatre also presents seasons of the "Centre Pro-Art Lírico" with its performances of operas, zarzuelas, operettas and concerts, plus the "Spanish Ballet of Havana" and performances by the Centre of Promotion of the Dance (PRODANZA). In addition, it is the location for the "Arte Lírico", the "Practical Courses of the National School of Ballet" ("CUBALLET"), the "Track of Spain" Festival, and as well the International Festival of Scenic Oral Narration, and several other festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="9870182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870182" title="Avipoxvirus">
Avipoxvirus

Avipoxvirus is a member of the Poxviridae family. The Poxviridae family is the family of viruses which cause the victim organism to have poxes as a symptom. Poxviruses have generally large genomes, and other such examples include smallpox and monkeypox. Members of the "avipoxvirus" genus infect specifically birds. Avipoxviruses are unable to complete their replication cycle in non avian species. Although it is comparably slow-spreading, "Avipoxvirus" is known to cause symptoms like pustules full of pus lining the skin and diphtheria-like symptoms. These diphtheria-like symptoms might include dipitheric necrotic membranes lining the mouth and the upper respiratory tract. This disease can be transmitted to humans by unusually close contact with birds that are infected or the consuming of liquids or solids that have been in extremely close contact with an infected bird. Like other avian viruses, it can be transmitted through vectors mechanically such as through mosquitoes.
Avipoxvirus is a virus that is brick shaped and is usually 200 nanometers in diameter. This is much larger than normal viruses which are around 60 nanometers in diameter. This virus can only be contracted through vectors and consumption of infected items, but they can be filtered by a special water filter. This filter is called a Large Volume Water Sampler (LVWS).
Unlike other viruses, avipoxvirus can withstand extreme dryness. With this advantage, it can spread on dust particles. This is because it has adapted to living in the dry mucous membranes of an infected host's upper respiratory tract.
As this virus is a poxvirus, it has a high mortality rate in birds, as other poxviruses have in humans. The effects of this virus might increase the difficulty of breathing, eating, and drinking significantly. Exterior lesions are restricted to the non-feathered parts of the body, usually the face and legs and are characterized by proliferative and necrotizing dermatitis. Another feature of this bird pox that has been observed is the presence of blood sacs or blisters filled with bloody fluid that will collapse when pierced with a needled and allowed to drain.
This virus has the highest mortality rate in upland gamebirds such as pheasant, quail, and chukar, as well as in songbirds, marine birds such as seagulls, parrots, and some raptors such as the peregrine falcon.
Other names for this peculiar virus might include avian pox, fowlpox, canarypox, juncopox, mynahpox.
History and Prevalence.
Avipoxvirus affects more than 230 species of wild and domestic birds worldwide. It affects a variety of birds including chickens, turkeys, songbirds, upland game birds, marine birds, pets, and occasionally raptors, but is rarely found in waterfowl and shore birds. Its prevalence among wild populations is unknown due to lack of studies It is most common in temperate (warm and humid) climates. All cases in North America have relatively recent. The USGS has reported an increased number of cases in multiple countries with new affected bird species added in recent years. This suggests avian pox is an emerging viral disease.
Mosquitoes that feed on birds are the most consistent and efficient transmitters of the virus. There appears to be a relationship between this virus and seasonal mosquito cycles. For example, in California and Oregon, prevalence is lowest in the dry summer months than the wetter seasons of fall and winter. However, more research is required to test this theory.
Transmission.
Mosquitoes are the most common vectors for transmission of the avipoxvirus. Transmission occurs when a mosquito feeds on a bird in which the virus is circulating in the bloodstream or feeds near secretions from lesions. When the mosquito moves to a susceptible host and feeds, the new host is infected with the virus. The virus can also be transmitted indirectly by contaminated surfaces or airborne particles. Infections occur when the contaminated particles come in contact with mucous membranes or skin abrasions. While transmission by mosquitoes has been effective at spreading the virus in a localized setting, the transmission between infected individuals has allowed the virus to spread across long distances.
Avian pox viruses appear to be family or order specific, that is, a pox virus infecting gamebirds is not likely to infect songbirds and vice versa. There is no known evidence of any avian pox virus strain transmissible to humans.
Clinical Signs.
Lesions of the skin and diphtheritic membrane of the respiratory tract are common when domesticated and wild birds are infected with the avipoxvirus. There are two common forms of clinical signs. Cutaneous pox are most common. They appear as wart-like growths around the eyes and other apterylae (feather-free) areas, sometimes in large clusters. Pock lesions can be concentrated or spread out. The size and number of growths depend on the severity of the infection. Diphtheritic, or wet, pox are characterized as raised yellow blemishes on mucus membranes of the mouth, esophagus, trachea, and lungs. These can lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing. In both cases, birds may appear weak and emaciated.
The infection of avipoxvirus can lead to decreased egg production, reduced growth, blindness, and increased mortality in domestic poultry. In wild bird species, elevated predation secondary infections, trauma, reduced male mating success, and death are common results.
Prevention and Control.
Avian pox viruses are contagious pathogens, and once introduced into a captive community, can spread very quickly. The recommended method of preventing transmission is to prevent standing water in the environment (i.e., to avoid mosqitoes), decontaminate feeders, perches, cages etc., and avoid close confined contact of individual birds.
Vaccines have been developed from strains of the virus for fowlpox, canarypox, pigeonpox, and quailpox to help prevent infection in captive and domestic bird populations. There is no one specific treatment used for birds who have contracted the avipoxvirus. Often the avipoxvirus acts as an immune suppressant, leading to secondary bacterial infections, which are recommended for treatment. Common methods include use of iodine-glycerin applications to assist in healing lesions, use of antibiotics to attempt to control secondary infections, and use of vitamin A to supplement healing of lesions.
There is a demand for new vaccines, especially for endangered species. The development of a single vaccine that can treat all species has been difficult to develop, since the avipoxvirus is taxon specific. Currently, vaccination is not a plausible method of control for wild bird populations, where avipoxvirus is most prevalent. To improve this, there are current efforts in using the avipoxviruses as vectors for recombinant vaccines in order eventually evolve them into multiple species targeted vaccines.

</doc>
<doc id="9870217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870217" title="A Date with Luyu">
A Date with Luyu

A Date With Luyu (also spelled A Date With Lu Yu) () is a popular Chinese television talk show that airs on Phoenix Television. Because the show emulates the success and format of "The Oprah Winfrey Show", its host and creator, Chen Luyu, has been called "China's Oprah". The show includes a studio audience of about 300. The show covers a wide range of issues: interviewees range from artists and musicians such as Li Yundi, business leaders such as Robin Li, diplomatic figures such as Gary Locke (the first U.S. Ambassador to China of Chinese ancestry) academics such as Prof Michael Dobson and sports figures such as Shane Battier. She is also willing to address controversial subjects.
It is noted that some interviews are conducted in English, with Chinese subtitles, as was the cases when Lu Yu interviewed Wentworth Miller, Nick Vujicic, and Hillary Clinton with Timothy Geithner. Audience members are required to understand English in these instances, because Lu Yu has warned about problems with interviews being done entirely in a single language, i.e. Mandarin Chinese
Luyu averages 140 million viewers per show.

</doc>
<doc id="9870223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870223" title="Belfry High School (South Williamson, Kentucky)">
Belfry High School (South Williamson, Kentucky)

Belfry High School, located in South Williamson, Kentucky, is a National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. Belfry enrolls over 800 9th-12th-grade students making it the largest high school in the Pike County Public School System. The school is located in the northeastern region of Pike County approximately 22 miles northeast of Pikeville, Kentucky and 1 mile south of Williamson, West Virginia. The school moved from the community of Belfry in the summer of 2005 to a 32 million dollar comprehensive facility 3 miles north near the West Virginia border.
Belfry has been historically successful in sports, particularly its football program. Even with its success, a football state title was not won until 2003, when the team finally triumphed at the Kentucky Class 2A State Championships, a feat repeated in 2004. Due to re-alignment, Belfry is now a 3A football school, and came in runner-up in the state championship in 2007, 2010, 2011, and 2012 to Central High School (Louisville). In 2013, Belfry won its first 3A State Championship by defeating Wayne County 3-0.
Belfry competes at the state level in eleven of the thirteen sports sanctioned for competition by the KHSAA with bowling and swimming being the sports not offered at the school. The school competes annually in the KAPOS state competition in cheerleading as well. The school boasts 7 Advanced Placement opportunities and partners with Morehead State University to offer college level classes at the high school.
Belfry High School is one of five public high schools in the Pike County Public School System and one of six public high schools of the seven high schools in Pike County.
Campus.
Belfry has called three campuses home since 1924. The Belfry, Kentucky location (1938-2005), which now holds Belfry Middle School, ran next to U.S. Route 119 for .5 miles. The campus consisted of the Belfry Area Technology Center at the north end, the "Science Building" (a three-story multi-use building which held media and science classrooms as well as the school's library), the "Main Building" (offices, classrooms, cafeteria, drama department), the Special Education building (located at the back of the Main building), the "Music Building", a 2400 seat Gymnasium structure, an athletic complex, and the football stadium. At this campus, the school used the baseball facilities at nearby Hardy Park to host home games. At this location in 2005, Belfry was housed in one of the oldest structures in the Pike County Public School System.
At the end of the 2005 year, a new campus was completed closer to the West Virginia border on U.S. Route 119 near Forest Hills. This campus consists of a consolidated building that housed all of the educational facilities as well as the gymnasium and a new 600 seat auditorium. Also located on the campus is a 5500 seat football stadium, a soccer field, an athletic complex, a baseball field and a softball field. Belfry, along with Phelps High School and Pikeville High School in Pike County are the only schools that have not been formed as a result of consolidation.
History/Development.
(1860-1920) Early Years / Development.
Sometime prior to 1860, a common school was established at the Old Pond Church on Meeting House Branch of Pond Creek, with the Reverend Mr. Stephen Trout as teacher. Until 1860, all children on Pond Creek attended this school if they attended school at all.
About 1860, the school was moved to Mudlick near the home of the Rev. Trout, where he and others taught for a term of three months in the year. About this time, similar schools were established on Road Fork, Blackberry, and at the mouth of Pinsonfork.
In the 1870s, other schools were established at McVeigh, Pinsonfork, Mill Branch, Stone, and the Mouth of Pond, at the present site of Leckieville. The Mudlick school was moved back to the Meeting House Branch were it first existed, and was taught in the old hewn log church owned by the Primitive Baptist Church. These schools remained the only schools on Pond Creek until after the beginning of the twentieth century,
With the advent of the coal mining industry and the railroad on Pond Creek, new locations for schools became necessary to care for the increased population. Additional schools were located at Huddy, McAndrews, Ball Fork, Hardy, Upper McVeigh, and Narrows Branch. The Old Pond Creek school developed into what is now Belfry High School.
(1921-1935) First Consolidated Campus.
As a result of the vision of Amos Runyon, the foundation for Belfry High School was laid. Recognizing a need for education to advance beyond the elementary level, he petitioned the Pike County Board of Education to build a two-year high school as a department of the Belfry Grade School. In 1923 four rooms were added to the existing four-room structure, which was located at Hunt Bottom, and Belfry High School was born with an enrollment of four freshmen.
In 1924 the high school program was expanded to a full four-year program, becoming the only high school on the Tug Side of Pike County. The year 1924-1925 also saw the organization of Belfry's first football team. By 1928 Belfry High School also had a baseball team, a school paper, and a booster's club. The 1927-1928 school year had its first graduating class from Belfry High School consisting of five members.
By the close of the 1929 school year, the enrollment of the elementary-high school had reached 550. This growth brought about the need of new school building to accommodate the growing number of high school students. In 1930 the doors opened to the new school; built at the location of what is now the gymnasium of Belfry Middle School.
(1936-1960) Works Progress Administration Building.
In 1936, the Board of Education began construction of a new facility in conjunction with the Works Progress Administration. In 1938, the doors of Belfry High School opened with an enrollment of approximately 400 students. Activities continued to expand, such as a basketball team, student council, 4-H club, Drama Class, and cheerleaders. The new school, built on the site just north of the old school, was completed at a cost of two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars ($225,000.00).
The Belfry Vocational School, located on US 119 at Stone, KY, was established in October 1946. The building was donated by the Tierney Mining Company to provide training for students from the area to work in the mining industry. This vocational school was the first area center in the United States. The school offered a variety of technical training, ranging from electricity to machine tool technology. It was in service until August 1966.
(1961-1975) Overcrowding and Expansion.
Belfry continued to be a pacesetter in both curricular and extracurricular offerings throughout the rest of the twenetieth century. In the 1960s, over-crowded conditions led to expansion. In 1964, a building to house the music program, including the marching and concert bands, was built. In 1967, a new vocational center (Belfry Area Technology Center) was constructed adjacent to the campus to replace the Belfry Vocational School.
In the fall of 1969, work began on a new gymnasium and a science building, including classrooms and a library. Renovations to the existing building included a cafetorium and major repairs. The project was completed in the fall of 1971.
In 1972, a concrete and steel football stadium with a seating capacity of 4,800 was installed. This was financed by the Boosters organization and the Board of Education.
During the 1972-73 school years, Belfry became a member of the Southern Association of Accredited Schools and Colleges and a comprehensive ratings was awarded by the Department of Education.
(1976-2004) Decline in Enrollment / Blue Ribbon School.
In the fall of 1991, the athletic complex was opened. Supporters contributed $500,000 toward the completion of this facility.
In 1990-91 Belfry received the award of being a Kentucky State School of Excellence. In 1992-93, it was honored as a Kentucky State Blue Ribbon School. Belfry was selected as a National School of Excellence by the United States Department of Education in 1993. Also, in 1994, Redbook magazine chose Belfry High School as the "Best of the States" winner in the state of Kentucky.
During this era, Belfry's enrollment dropped from nearly 1200 students in the early 1980s to 650 in 2004. This was due mainly to the declining population in the Appalachian Region.
(2005-Present) New Facility / Enrollment Increase.
The new high school was completed in 2005 roughly three miles north of the old campus on a former slate mining site. The hill was flattened to the level of U.S. Route 119 and the campus was constructed combining all sports facilities into locations adjacent to the school. Massey Energy financed a large portion of the construction of the athletic facilities on campus and the athletic complex and fields (with the exception of the football stadium) are named for the company. Central Appalachian Mining Company of Pike County financed a large portion of the football stadium (with the help of the football boosters club) and the turf field that was installed. The Belfry Area Technology Center which was located adjacent to the campus before the move, was not rebuilt and remains at the previous high school campus location. Students are bussed to and from those classes.
The enrollment began to increase after the construction of the new high school. Adjacent Mingo County, West Virginia's schools had experienced a state take-over and many students paid tuition to transfer to Belfry. The area's population continues to decline, but the pace has slowed thus allowing for a "leveling" effect on the enrollment in the school. Currently, enrollment stands at around 800 students.
In 2006, The Freshman Academy was established to provide a smaller, community based atmosphere for incoming students. This was one of the first Academies of its kind in the Kentucky Public School System and the first in the Pike County Public School System. In 2010, the Athletic Complex on the site was expanded adding more locker room space.
Feeder Schools.
Until 1998, Belfry had six feeder schools each containing grades K-8. In 1998, with the flooding of Varney Grade School in Toler, Kentucky, The Pike County Board of Education voted to consolidate three feeder schools, convert Turkey Creek Grade School (K-8) into Turkey Creek Middle School (6-8), and construct a new elementary school, Southside (K-5), at an elevated location where Varney Grade School once stood. This lowered the number of feeder schools to five. In 2005, with the opening of the new high school, all feeder schools grades 6-8 were consolidated into Belfry Middle School, which would be housed in the remodeled 1938 structure of the old high school's Main Building. Turkey Creek Middle School closed after this year and the students attended Belfry Middle School. In 2011, due to declining enrollment, Runyon Elementary closed and its students were sent to the remaining three elementary schools in the system. As of 2011, Belfry Middle School is the largest feeder school at an enrollment of 598. Southside Elementary is next with 563, followed by Bevins Elementary with 220, and Blackberry Elementary with 160.
School song.
The school song is a modified version of the University of Notre Dame and the University of Kentucky's fight songs:
"Cheer, cheer for Ole' Belfry High, Come on boys let's get in and fight. Send your falling cheers on High, Shake down the thunder from the sky. Whether the odds be great or small, Ole'Belfry High will win overall. While our loyal sons go marching, Onward to Victory. Rah!! Rah!!! V-I-C-T-O-R-Y Victory, Victory, Belfry High! We are the Pirates, We're the Pirates of Belfry High! We will defeat you, And we'll even tell you why: We are the P-I-R-A-T-E-S We will fight to the end, We will never give in. We're the Pirates of Belfry High!"
Athletics.
Notable Rivalries.
Belfry has had several rivals throughout the years. Williamson High School in nearby Williamson, West Virginia was a major rival throughout the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s and into the 1990s when the enrollment of Williamson High began to decline and the schools stopped scheduling each other in most sports, with the exception of Men's Basketball. "The 'Outhouse' called Williamson High" was a popular chant throughout those years. 
With the consolidation trend, Williamson closed in 2011 and consolidated with three other in-county schools to form the new Mingo Central High School. Belfry and Mingo Central schedule to play each other in most sports including Boys & Girls Basketball, Baseball, Boys & Girls Soccer and Softball. The newly founded Tennis team also has occasional matches with Mingo Central as well as the Track team. 
Sheldon Clark High School has developed a rivalry with Belfry in football due to their success and placement in Belfry's district in the 2000s. With the realignment of the 60th Basketball District in 2002 (due to the consolidation of Feds Creek, Millard, and Elkhorn City into East Ridge High School), Pike Central became part of Belfry's district and have recently become a basketball rival.
Clubs/Organizations.
Every department is represented by co-and/or extracurricular activities as listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="9870224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870224" title="Vision (comics)">
Vision (comics)

Vision, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9870240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870240" title="CXCL7">
CXCL7

Chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 7 (CXCL7) is a human gene.
The encoded protein, Chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand is a small cytokine belonging to the CXC chemokine family. It is an isoform of Beta-Thromboglobulin or "Pro-Platelet basic protein" (PPBP).
It is a protein that is released in large amounts from platelets following their activation. It stimulates various processes including mitogenesis, synthesis of extracellular matrix, glucose metabolism and synthesis of plasminogen activator.

</doc>
<doc id="9870251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870251" title="Daniel Boyarin">
Daniel Boyarin

Daniel Boyarin (; born 1946) is a historian of religion. Born in Asbury Park, New Jersey, he holds dual United States and Israeli citizenship. Trained as a Talmudic scholar, in 1990 he was appointed Professor of Talmudic Culture, Departments of Near Eastern Studies and Rhetoric, University of California, Berkeley, a post which he still holds. His brother, Jonathan Boyarin, is also a scholar, and the two have written together.
Career.
Boyarin was educated at Goddard College, the Jewish Theological Seminary and Columbia University before earning his doctoral degree at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. He has taught at Ben Gurion University of the Negev, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Bar-Ilan University, Yale, Harvard, Yeshiva University, and the University of California at Berkeley. He is a member of the Enoch seminar and of the Advisory Board of the Journal Henoch. In 2005 he was elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. A number of Boyarin's students, including Christine Hayes, Charlotte Fonrobert, Azzan Yadin, and Eliyahu Stern, occupy Rabbinics posts at leading American Universities. A discussion of the merits of Boyarin's scholarship is featured in the opening scene of Joseph Cedar's Oscar nominated Footnote (film).
Views and writings.
Daniel Boyarin works at the nexus of tradition and novelty. He defines himself as an Orthodox Jew. Boyarin's writings display a wide and ever-shifting range of interests. Boyarin's first book, "Sephardic Speculation" (written in Hebrew), examines the Talmudic methodology of Isaac Canpanton (1360-1463, Spain). Boyarin's first English book, "Intertextuality and the Reading of Midrash" (1990), is often credited with introducing Literary Theory into the field of Rabbinics. . "Carnal Israel: Reading Sex in Talmudic Culture" (1993) applies the methods of New Historicism to the subject of Rabbinic attitudes toward sexuality. "A Radical Jew: Paul and the Politics of Identity" (1994) examines how misreadings of Paul the Apostle's universalist philosophy eventually led to violent coercion.
In "Unheroic Conduct" (1997), Boyarin’s interests mesh with those of others, such as Sander Gilman and Jay Geller, who have begun to explore the relationship between psychoanalysis and Judaism. For Boyarin, the Oedipus complex both incarnates and disavows a fear Sigmund Freud had of being classified as feminine in the context of the times in which he lived, times that were antisemitic and that ultimately culminated in the Holocaust. Boyarin holds that passivity is an essential feature of Judaism, and that because this is a quality that is held in common with homosexuality, it has the power to inspire panic among Jews who fear the censorious gaze of authority. Consequently, he claims, Freud conceived of the Oedipus complex as a way of deferring the charge of Jewish femininity by offering proof that Jews, no less than Gentiles, had within them the desire to kill.
Boyarin supports his argument that passivity is essential to Judaism with the observation that Judaism worships a powerful male authority figure who demands obeisance, and with documentary evidence such as Haggadot, prayer guides for the Jewish Passover ritual of the Seder, that show the wise son as the retiring scholar, and the wicked son as the man of war. This leads Boyarin to oppose Zionism, as he feels that the necessary element of activity and war entailed in ruling over a land is at odds with what he identifies as the authentic and persistent current of scholarship that defines the tradition. Martha Nussbaum credits him with the insight that Jewish sensibilities "reshaped Roman norms of manliness, making the astonishing claim that the true man sits still all day with a book, and has the bodily shape of someone who does just that."
"Border Lines" (2004) examines the early stages of the partition of Judaism and Christianity into two separate and distinct religions. "Socrates and the Fat Rabbis" (2009) explores the dialogic structure in Plato and the Babylonian Talmud. "The Jewish Gospels: The Story of the Jewish Christ" (2012) carries on the line of exploration begun in "Border Lines", developing the argument that New Testament ideas can be found in long-standing Jewish traditions.
Israeli-Arab Conflict.
Boyarin has complex views on Zionism and a critical view of the Israeli government. He has stated for example that: "More piercing to me is the pain of watching a tradition, my Judaism, to which I have dedicated my life, disintegrating before my eyes. It has been said by many Christians that Christianity died at Auschwitz, Treblinka and Sobibor. I fear, G-d forbid- that my Judaism may be dying at Nablus, Deheishe, Betein (Bethel) and El-Khalil (Hebron)." The passage has been assailed in by Alvin H. Rosenfeld, who accuses Boyarin of lacking "lucid thinking" as well as of "bias" for having drawn an analogy between the Nazi Holocaust and the Israeli government's conduct toward the Palestinians.

</doc>
<doc id="9870294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870294" title="Gaming top">
Gaming top

Bambaram (in Karnataka/Tamil)/Lattu لٹو (in Urdu) or spinning tops are used to play games in India and Pakistan. Skill and interest in this game is reducing due to other interests taking priority and also due to unsafe nails along with bullying of younger, smaller, poorer kids. This game is more popular among boys and is coming back with safer components and rules. In Andhra Pradesh, Bambaram is played in the name of Bongaralu Aata.
Components of Bambaram:
Rules.
Toss is decided by the top being spun and picked up quickest. The tops that did not complete the toss will be placed in the center of a circle. The people who managed to finish the toss successfully try to spin the top over the tops in the circle trying to break (called Gunna in slang language in Karnataka) them and/or trying to getting them out of the circle. Each time the spinning tops have to be picked up successfully to continue.
Tournaments.
Very few tournaments were organised between Pakistan and India until now. Hashir & Areeb (Twin brothers) from Karachi defeated India with 3:2. From India Suresh & Prakash were runners-up.
Hashir & Areeb are still world Champions of "Lattu" so far.

</doc>
<doc id="9870296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870296" title="Colombian Massif">
Colombian Massif

The Colombian Massif (from the Spanish Macizo Colombiano), also known colloquially as "Nudo de Almaguer", refers to a group of mountains within the Andes of south central Colombia. The massif is mainly within the area of the Cauca, Huila, and Nariño Departments. To the south is the Pasto Massif ("Nudo de los Pastos") and to the north begins the Central and Eastern Andes.
Geography.
The total area is , which is distributed as follows: of forests, of agroecosystems, of páramos, of snow zone, have xerophytic vegetation and of urban settlements. The altitude varies between and .
This is area is identified as the source of 70% of the Colombian safe water for human consumption and irrigation. The headwaters of the Magdalena and Cauca Rivers (Caribbean slope), Caquetá and Putumayo Rivers (Amazon Basin) and the Patía River (Pacific slope).
The massif contains 362 high mountain bodies of water, 13 páramos and other ecosystems rich in flora and fauna. From south to north are the páramos of "Cutanga", "Letero", "Las Papas" (Potatoes), "Apio" (Celery) and "Buey" (Ox). Sotará and Puracé are the prominent volcanoes of the area, the latter being within the Puracé National Natural Park.
Very few people have traversed the mountains of this region because it is covered by rugged mountains and an impenetrable and cold páramo environment, both of which are natural guardians which preserve the great water supply that provides water for half of Colombia before emptying into the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="9870300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870300" title="Legal coding">
Legal coding

Legal coding is the process of creating summary or keyword data from a document. It is widely used in the legal profession to create a fast-search index or database of documents for use in litigation.
Objective Coding Definitions
• The recording of basic data such as date, author, or document type, from documents into a database.
• Extracting information from electronic documents such as date created, author recipient, CC and linking each image to the information in pre-defined objective fields. In direct opposition to Subjective coding where legal interpretations of data in a document are linked to individual documents. Also called bibliographic coding.
• Also called bibliographic coding. Extracting such information from a document as its author, its mailing date, etc. Objective coding is usually done from the document text or image, because the metadata may be inaccurate. For example, a document written and signed by a partner might show the administrative assistant as the author in the metadata, because it was originally typed on the assistant’s computer.
Subjective coding.
Subjective coding is the indexing of documents around subjective data. This may be gleaned from templates, or more usually from a subjective reading by someone familiar with the topic. This is the more reliable way to determine factors such as 'importance' of the document.

</doc>
<doc id="9870367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870367" title="KWJC">
KWJC

KWJC (91.9 FM) is a campus radio station, located in Liberty, Missouri, at William Jewell College. Its broadcast area covers much of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
Prior to a 2003 tornado strike, the radio station was a conventional college radio station, playing alternative music with a broad, eclectic playlist. All disc jockeys were students, many of them in the broadcast technology program. This Station was called "The Edge".
"The Edge" switched to a new format, Adult-Contemporary after a new professor was brought on board. He believed that it was important to teach students how conventional radio stations operated. The new station was called "Jewell 91.9 FM". The station underwent a $100K revamp with all new sound equipment upgrades. The station had professional radio software, sound and recording equipment, even top-quality acoustic foam. Even though many students were disappointed about the change in format, most appreciated the ability to learn more of how a station operated. After a very short celebration that the FCC had approved a signal upgrade, the students and staff were notified a little before the end of the 2005/2006 school year that the station would be leased out to K-LOVE. The school would also be ending the Radio Communications major. Furious students protested, the student managers of the station were allowed an unproductive meeting with the school's President, but it was obvious the school just needed the money.
On May 31, 2006 at noon, a few sad members of the Jewell 91.9 Student & Faculty Staff said an on air goodbye and the station was handed over.
After Union Broadcasting sold KCXM to EMF Broadcasting, KWJC switched from K-LOVE format to Air1 on December 16, 2007.
KWJC was launched in 1974 by then head of the William Jewell communication department, the late Dr. Georgia B. Bowman. She convinced the College to name the station after a former beloved Jewell President, Dr. Walter Pope Binns, and so the station was christened "KWPB."
KWBP broadcast from the second floor of the Yates College Union with a 10-watt FM transmitter that could reach the college campus and some of the surrounding town of Liberty, Missouri. There were three rooms: an outer multipurpose production space, an inner work room where the meager collection of albums and '45s were stored, and the control room where broadcasting students operated a two-channel mixing board, two closed cartridge tape transports, one reel-to-reel tape deck and two turntables. The transmitter was located in the control room, with the broadcast antenna mounted just outside the station on the roof of the union building.
Service interruptions were common. When a volunteer was unable to make a shift assignment, the station went off the air. During ice storms, common in that area, ice accumulation on the broadcast antenna would force the station to shut down to protect its transmitter. (KWPB staff learned this lesson the hard way, after internal transmitter components were destroyed during ice events and the station was forced to wait weeks for replacement parts to be shipped in.) The station was also silent during school holidays, including the entire summer.
Much beloved and a little feared by her students, Dr. Bowman made sure that KWPB remained a primarily educational enterprise. The production space was used by students to produce "discussion" recordings, consisting of partly extemporaneous and partly edited recorded conversations among students about issues of the day, that were submitted for competitive evaluation against other college teams. Students wrote and produced public service announcements about every imaginable cause. Students ran station operations, and served as on-air talent. The first program director was a Jewell student named George Townsend who had some experience in radio broadcasting. The staff was all-volunteer, except that some students were paid under the U.S. government's work-study financial aid program.
The station broadcast classical music during the day when few students were likely to be listening, then contemporary music during evenings and weekends. Despite the Baptist heritage of the College, religious content was limited to a regular subscription to "The Word from Unity" and a Southern Baptist youth-oriented program called "Powerline," both of which arrived by mail on reel-to-reel tape.
Evening and weekend contemporary pop music broadcasts were much more popular with the staff, who viewed them as superior training experiences for a future broadcasting career. The station's record collection was inadequate even for a small audience, so student disc jockeys often used their personal collections for their shows, producing a de facto play list that would best be described as eclectic and expansive. These evening shows were not very popular with Dr. Bowman, who occasionally called in to ban a song she had just heard over the air (Bob Marley's "I Shot the Sherriff" is one example.)
Eventually William Jewell football broadcasts were launched for most home and away games. A modest equipment package allowed a two-person broadcast crew to send live play-by-play and color back to the station by telephone link, which were typically dial-up. Leased lines were used as the meager station budget allowed.
During the early years station did not sell sponsorships that are otherwise common in public broadcasting. The college development staff worried that such appeals might dilute Jewell's larger fundraising efforts, and so the station was forced to survive on a small allocation from the school's operating budget. Necessity being the mother of invention, the student staff and director Dr. Bowman improvised.
During the second year of operation, students purchased building materials from a local Liberty merchant (with funds probably provided from Dr. Bowman's personal account) and installed a sound proof, windowed partition between the broadcast booth and the transmitter, finally eliminating transmitter fan noises that had been so noticeable when a microphone was open in the booth. The work was done while the station was on-air, so construction volunteers were forced to suspend work whenever microphones were open.
One cartridge closed-loop tape player used to play public service announcements developed a habit of burning out an internal solid state part. With no repair budget to deploy, student staff enlisted the help of the physics department to diagnose the problem and isolate and replace the failed component.
When an electronics lab student assembled an emergency broadcast system receiver using "Popular Mechanics" plans and donated parts as a class assignment, station staff appropriated and installed the device in the broadcast booth, and from then on faithfully rebroadcast test alerts their homemade receiver intercepted over the air from other Kansas City area commercial stations.

</doc>
<doc id="9870398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870398" title="Kevin Chamberlin">
Kevin Chamberlin

Kevin Chamberlin (born November 25, 1963) is an American actor. He currently stars as Bertram on the Disney Channel Original Series "Jessie".
Chamberlin was born in Baltimore, Maryland, and raised in Moorestown Township, New Jersey, and he moved there at nine-years old. He graduated from Rutgers University's Mason Gross School of the Arts with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Acting.
In his early years as a struggling NY actor, Chamberlin worked as a Santa Claus at Macy's Department Store. One of his co-workers was David Sedaris, who was employed as an elf. Sedaris later wrote about his experiences at Macys in "SantaLand Diaries."
Career.
Chamberlin has been nominated for Drama Desk and Tony Awards for "Dirty Blonde" (as Charlie), "Seussical" (as Horton), and "The Addams Family" (as Uncle Fester). Additional Broadway theatre credits include "My Favorite Year", "Triumph of Love", "Abe Lincoln in Illinois", "Chicago", and "The Ritz". He also appeared in the 1999 gay-themed movie "Trick." He also appeared in "Die Hard with a Vengeance" as an enthusiastic NYPD bomb defusal expert. In "Lucky Number Slevin", he again had a supporting role as a New York police officer. Chamberlin's most recent work includes the role of Aron Malsky in the NBC primetime series "Heroes". He also made an appearance in a episode titled "" where he played a man named Roger Berry, who was accused of raping and murdering a women a few years back and was being hunted by Elliot and his partner Jonathan Hawk. He was also a guest in season ten episode thirteen on the sitcom Frasier. Chamberlin previously appeared as Uncle Fester in the musical "The Addams Family", a role for which he won a Broadway.com Audience Award for Favorite Performance By a Featured Actor In a Broadway Musical. Brad Oscar replaced him in the role of Uncle Fester on March 8, 2011.
Chamberlin currently stars in the Disney Channel Original Series "Jessie" as a butler named Bertram.
He appeared as a villain in "Teen Beach Movie", a Disney Channel Original Movie starring Ross Lynch, Maia Mitchell and Steve Valentine which aired July 19, 2013.
Personal life.
Chamberlin is openly gay.

</doc>
<doc id="9870412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870412" title="List of mayors of Oklahoma City">
List of mayors of Oklahoma City

The following persons have held the office of mayor of Oklahoma City.
Provisional mayors following land run:
Elected mayors following Oklahoma City's incorporation:

</doc>
<doc id="9870426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870426" title="Patrick Stanley Vaughan Heenan">
Patrick Stanley Vaughan Heenan

Patrick Stanley Vaughan Heenan (29 July 1910 – 13 February 1942) was a captain in the British Indian Army who was convicted of treason, after spying for Japan during the Malayan campaign of World War II. Heenan was reportedly killed by his wardens while in custody during the Battle of Singapore. According to Heenan's biographer, Peter Elphick, these events were suppressed by British Commonwealth military censors.
Early life.
Heenan's mother, Anne Stanley (born 1882), was not married at the time of her son's birth at Reefton, New Zealand. His birth certificate recorded her maiden name as his surname, and did not include any information about his father. A year later, both mother and son moved to Burma with a mining engineer named George Charles Heenan (born 1855). The older Heenan is described by some sources as an Irish republican, although he seems to have had a long association with New Zealand, including selection for a regional representative cricket team in 1882–83. There is no conclusive evidence that George Heenan was Patrick's father, or that George and Anne ever married. However, Patrick was baptised in Burma as a Roman Catholic, with the surname Heenan. George Heenan died at Pauk, Burma in 1912. Patrick's mother then worked as a governess for a family named Carroll.
In 1922, the Carrolls moved to England, and Anne Stanley went with them. Mrs Carroll died a few years later, and Bernard Carroll, who was an accountant, married Anne. From 1923 to 1926, Patrick was a boarder at Sevenoaks School in Kent, and in 1927 proceeded to Cheltenham College, as a day boy, in a stream of students preparing for military careers. Although he was then 16 years old, at Cheltenham he was put in classes with pupils as young as 13.
Accounts of his time at Sevenoaks and Cheltenham show Heenan to have been a poor student and — in the words of the Dictionary of National Biography — a "gloomy, resentful misfit disliked by other pupils". He nevertheless excelled at sports, especially boxing, due largely to his impressive physique. According to Elphick, Heenan was unpopular with other students at Cheltenham and was often in trouble with school authorities. Although he joined the Officers Training Corps (OTC) at Cheltenham, Heenan did not gain any formal qualifications; because of this, he was not able to be admitted to British Army officer training, when he left school at the age of 19. Heenan instead joined Steel Brothers, a trading company with interests in Asia.
Military career.
In the early 1930s, Heenan applied for the Army Supplementary Reserve, the only way he could become an officer without formal qualifications. According to Elphick, had Heenan's illegitimacy been known, it would have prevented him becoming an officer. He was able to join the reserve by presenting his baptism certificate, along with a certificate signed by his school headmaster, stating that Heenan was capable of performing the duties of an officer. This was endorsed by the commander of Cheltenham's OTC. In 1932, he was placed on the Supplementary Reserve.
In 1935, Heenan was commissioned into the British Army, with the service number 547AI. His address at this time was recorded as Cheam, Surrey, England. He was put on the Indian Army's Unattached List, and was sent to India. After six months' training with a British regiment, Heenan was not accepted by any Indian Army regiments. He had to do an additional six months with another British regiment before being accepted by the 16th Punjab Regiment. He reportedly performed well in a skirmish on the North-West Frontier, but was later transferred to the Indian Army Service Corps. According to Elphick, this was a device commonly used to get unsatisfactory officers away from prestigious frontline regiments. However, Heenan later returned to the 16th Punjabs, but to a different battalion. In 1938–39, Heenan took a six-month "long leave" (an Indian Army tradition) in Japan.
During 1941, as fears of a Japanese invasion of Southeast Asia grew, Heenan's unit was sent to Malaya. He was transferred to an Indian Army air liaison unit and was sent to Singapore for training. Following the completion of air liaison training, Heenan was stationed at Alor Star, in Kedah, northern Malaya, in June 1941. It was in this area that most of the British Royal Air Force, Royal Australian Air Force and Royal New Zealand Air Force squadrons in Malaya were based.
Japanese forces invaded Thailand and Malaya on 8 December. Their air raids were assisted by radio transmissions made by Heenan. Among other espionage equipment, he reportedly had a morse code transmitter operated by an alphanumeric keyboard — similar to a Traeger Transceiver — which was disguised as a typewriter.
By 10 December, the Japanese had destroyed most of the Allied aircraft in northern Malaya. That same day, according to Elphick, Heenan was caught "almost in the act" and was arrested. Heenan was sent to Singapore, and was reportedly court-martialled in January 1942. He does not seem to have been formally sentenced, but the normal sentence for treason by British officers was death.
Heenan remained in custody at Singapore for several weeks. The Japanese gradually drove the Allies out of Malaya, and on 8 February they invaded Singapore Island. Within days, it became clear that the battle was being won by the Japanese. In the words of journalist and author Lynette Silver (whose main source is Elphick):
Elphick also states that the site of Heenan's shooting was Keppel Harbour.
Effects and aftermath.
Military historian Brian P. Farrell believes that Heenan could not have done decisive damage to the Allies, but he probably cost No. 62 Squadron some personnel and aircraft. Elphick suggests that the British Commonwealth air forces would have been defeated without Heenan's help: their aircraft in Malaya were inadequate compared to the Japanese, and airfields in northern Malaya had been located in undefensible positions. Elphick added that Heenan "...must have passed on much helpful information pre-war and he pushed the rate of aircraft destruction along a bit after the war began." Elphick also says that word of Heenan's actions spread quickly among British Commonwealth officers and had a significant effect on morale.
By 1998, the families of other personnel listed on the Commonwealth War Graves Commission World War II memorial at Kranji War Cemetery, Singapore, were requesting the removal of Heenan's name. His date of death on the memorial, February 15, 1942, was reportedly a standard date assigned to all Commonwealth personnel officially listed as missing during the Battle of Singapore.
In fact his date of death listed by the CWGC is 15 February 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9870433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870433" title="Patrick Heenan">
Patrick Heenan

Patrick Heenan may refer to:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="9870434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870434" title="Theresa Ducharme">
Theresa Ducharme

Theresa Ducharme (1945 – June 7, 2004) was a Canadian disability rights activist and a perennial candidate for public office. She lived in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Activist.
Ducharme was required to use a wheelchair after suffering polio in 1953. She subsequently went into a coma for six months during her mid-twenties, and for the rest of her life required a respirator. She founded the disability rights advocacy group People in Equal Participation Inc. in 1981, and was the organization's chair for many years thereafter.
In 1981, she became the first person requiring an on-board life-support system to fly as a regular passenger on a commercial Canadian airliner. Her flight to Vancouver was the culmination of a lengthy battle with officials from the government and Air Canada, who had resisted her attempts to fly because of medical concerns.
Ducharme was a vocal opponent of euthanasia. In 1993, she asked the Supreme Court of Canada to rule against Sue Rodriguez, a British Columbia woman who had a terminal illness and was seeking the right to take her life. Ducharme was quoted as saying, "We believe in the commandment, thou shall not kill. We have enough obstacles that access to life, not access to death is our commitment." She later called for criminal charges to be laid against Member of Parliament Svend Robinson, following Robinson's decision to sit beside Rodriguez as she apparently committed suicide with her doctor's assistance.
Ducharme organized a national anti-euthanasia petition in 1994, and received more than 27,000 signatures. She personally presented the petition to Member of Parliament Don Boudria, who later tabled it before parliament. 
In 1995, Ducharme sought legal standing for her organization to testify at Robert Latimer's appeal of a conviction for second-degree murder. Latimer had killed his daughter, a twelve-year old girl with cerebral palsy, in an act that many had described as a mercy killing. Ducharme argued that Latimer's conviction should be upheld, and indicated her support for a ruling which gave him a life sentence. She sought legal standing again when Latimer was granted a new trial in 1996, and accused the media of having a pro-Latimer bias.
Ducharme also campaigned to have several public services made wheelchair-accessible in her home city of Winnipeg. She led a public protest again the provincial government's decision to privatize home care services in 1996, and later testified before the Romanow commission on health. In 2003, she supported city council's decision to legislate a smoking ban in Winnipeg.
Ducharme was a Ukrainian Catholic, and was opposed to abortion as well as euthanasia. In 1995, she was given an Apostolic Blessing from Pope John Paul II. 
She was given the Province of Manitoba's first annual Special Caring Award in 1998.
Ducharme wrote a self-published autobiography, entitled "Life and Breath". Federal cabinet minister Lloyd Axworthy wrote a preface to the book.
Political candidate.
Ducharme ran for the Transcona-Springfield school board in 1980 and 1992, and for the Transcona ward on Winnipeg City Council in 1983 and 1986. She was considered a fringe candidate, and was defeated each time.
Ducharme supported Susan Thompson's bid to become Mayor of Winnipeg in 1992, but was later strongly critical of Thompson's record in office. She was Thompson's first declared challenger in the 1995 municipal election. Ducharme said that her top priority was creating a youth advisory committee of city council, and she also criticized Thompson for not having done more to promote downtown business. She was again considered a fringe candidate, and finished well behind the frontrunners.
She campaigned for the Transcona ward again in 1998, finishing second to Shirley Timm-Rudolph. During the election, she spoke against youth curfews and the sale of Winnipeg Hydro.
Ducharme also sought election to the Canadian House of Commons as an independent candidate in 1997 and 2000. She planned to run for mayor again in 2002, but withdrew due to health problems. She had intended to run in another municipal by-election shortly before her death.
Death.
Ducharme suffered a heart attack in June 2004, as she was being driven to hospital for dialysis treatment. She never regained consciousness, and died on June 7.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="9870439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870439" title="WJC">
WJC

WJC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9870453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870453" title="Pacific/Chocó Natural Region, Colombia">
Pacific/Chocó Natural Region, Colombia

The Pacific/Chocó Natural Region is one of the five major natural regions of Colombia. Ecologically, this region belongs entirely to the Chocó Biogeographic Region and is considered a biodiversity hotspot. It also has areas with the highest rainfall in the world, with areas near Quibdo, Chocó reaching up to annually.
Biogeographical subregions.
The Pacific region is bordered by the Pacific Ocean to the west and the West Andes to the east. To the north is the Darién Gap and the Serranía del Darién at the border with Panamá. The area mostly flat and covered by dense rainforest, rivers, swamps, and mangroves. The Baudó Mountains are a small, isolated range in this area along the coast. Gorgona Island is located off the southwest coast.
Politically, the region is within the following Colombian departments: Chocó, Valle del Cauca, Cauca and Nariño.
Rivers.
From north to south the main rivers are the Atrato, San Juan, Dagua, Anchicayá,
Biodiversity.
This region has the distinction of being one of the most biodiverse areas on the planet.

</doc>
<doc id="9870474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870474" title="Mekelle University">
Mekelle University

Mekelle University is located in Mekelle, situated in the northern Tigray Regional State of Ethiopia. It is 783 kilometers away from Addis Ababa, the capital, to the north.
History.
መቐለ ዩኒቨርሲቲ ኣብ ብሄራዊ ክልላዊ መንግስቲ ትግራይ ዋና ኸተማ ዝኾነት ኸተማ መቐለ(ሰሜናዊት ኾኾብ) ይርከብ። ካብ ኣዲስኣበባ ንኣንፈት ሰሜን ፯፻፹፫(783km) ኪሎሜትር ርሒቑ ይርከብ።
Mekelle University College was established in 1993 as the Arid Zone Agricultural College, which found a permanent home in Mekelle(መቐለ) after a series of re-locations. During the former regime, the college was originally scheduled to be located near Selek Leka, in northwestern Tigray. However, it was first established at the University of Asmara as a faculty, but was then moved to Agarfa in southern Ethiopia, when the Derg displaced Asmara University in 1990 due to the political instability at the time. A year later, in 1991, Asmara University returned to Asmara and the Arid Zone Agricultural Faculty moved temporarily to Alamaya University. In 1993, the Arid Zone Agricultural College was again relocated, this time to Mek'ele, as the College of Dry-land Agriculture and Natural Resources Management, and permanently settled at the Endayesus Campus, which had been a military barrack since the time of Emperor Menelik.
The Arid Zone Agricultural College started with three degree programs in 1993 with 42 students. After two years, the Faculty of Science and Technology was established at the same campus and, together, these two faculties were then upgraded to Mekelle University College. Side by side the Law Faculty then began by accepting diploma students in the continuing education program. 
In May 2000, the Government of Ethiopia (Council of Ministers, Regulations No. 61/1999 of Article 3) formalized Mekelle University(መቐለ ዩኒቨርሲቲ) as an autonomous higher education institution having its own legal personality. The merger of the two former colleges created the University: Mekelle Business College and Mekelle University College. The two colleges have their own historical developments and re-locations.
At present, Mekelle University(መቐለ ዩኒቨርሲቲ) is one of the secular public Universities in Ethiopia. The university has seven colleges, eight institutes and more than 90 undergraduate and 70 postgraduate programs.The student intake capacity of Mekelle University has reached 31,000 (10% of the population of Mekelle City).
Campus, Colleges and Institutes.
Mekelle University has five campuses, with two more under construction within the city of Mekelle. Each campus is home to a number of colleges and/or institutes:

</doc>
<doc id="9870477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870477" title="Sandra Bolden Cunningham">
Sandra Bolden Cunningham

Sandra Bolden Cunningham (September 4, 1950) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has been serving in the New Jersey State Senate since 2007, where she represents the 31st Legislative District. She was sworn into office on November 8, 2007. She is the widow of former Jersey City Mayor Glenn Cunningham, who died in 2004. 
In the Senate, she has been assigned to serve as Vice Chairwoman of the Economic Growth Committee and as a member of the Budget and Appropriations Committee and the Labor Committee. She is the current Senate Majority Whip.
In 2012, the "Hudson Reporter" named her #6 in its list of Hudson County's 50 most influential people, with North Bergen mayor Nicholas Sacco ranked first on the list.
Early life.
Cunningham received a B.A. from Bloomfield College with a major in Liberal Arts.
Career.
Following her husband's death, she tried to win a special election for his seat in the State Senate and was reported to be considering a run for Mayor of Jersey City in a special election. She became President of the Sandra and Glenn Cunningham Foundation and has supported causes in Jersey City through the foundation. In 2006 signs in Jersey City touted her as a candidate for the U.S. Senate vs. Sen. Robert Menendez and State Sen. Tom Kean Jr.. Menendez and her late husband were bitter political rivals. She did not seek the U.S. Senate seat and announced her candidacy for the State Senate in the Democratic Primary against Sen. Joseph Doria in 2007. This is the Senate seat her husband held prior to his death. 
Doria, the mayor of Bayonne, dropped out of the race in March 2007. Assemblyman Louis Manzo, who first won his seat on a ticket with Mayor Cunningham, challenged Mrs. Cunningham in the Democratic primary for the Senate. During the primary race, Senator Cunningham received the support of the Hudson County Democratic Organization and Jersey City Mayor Jerramiah Healy, who had previously opposed her and her late husband. One of Mrs. Cunningham's running mates for the Assembly was former State Sen. L. Harvey Smith, who had been defeated by her late husband in a bitter 2003 Senate primary. Senator Cunningham defeated Assemblyman Manzo in the Democratic primary in June 2007. She was virtually unopposed in the November general election, defeating independent candidate Louis Vernotico with over 87% of the vote.
Following Doria's October 2007 resignation to become Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs, Mrs. Cunningham was elected on October 23, 2007 by a special election convention to serve the remainder of Doria's term, which expired in January 2008. Cunningham served the remainder of Doria's term before beginning her own four-year term and was sworn into the State Senate on November 8, 2007.
District 31.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 31st District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="9870485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870485" title="Non Valley">
Non Valley

The Non Valley (, also "Valle di Non"; Nones: "Val de Nòn"; , also "Nonsberg"; ) is a valley located mainly in the Trentino, with three, primarily German-speaking municipalities belonging to the province of South Tyrol ("Deutschnonsberg"), northern Italy.
The largest municipalities in the valley are Cles (the main town), Tuenno, Taio, Coredo, Denno, Fondo, and Revò.
There are a total of 38 municipalities:
The German-speaking "Deutschnonsberg" municipalities are:
The latter comune is connected to the rest of its province by the Gampenpass, while the other two are accessible through a tunnel under the Hofmahdjoch from the rest of South Tyrol since 1998. 
The Nones language is named after and spoken in the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="9870497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870497" title="Pickering Passage">
Pickering Passage

Pickering Passage is a strait, in the southern end of part of Puget Sound in the U.S. state of Washington. Entirely within Mason County, the Pickering Passage separates Hartstine Island from the mainland, and connects Totten Inlet with the north end of Case Inlet.
Pickering Passage flows past the mouths of Hammersley Inlet, Totten Inlet, and Eld Inlet. It is a nutrient rich area, producing oysters that grow very quickly.
History.
Pickering Passage was named by Charles Wilkes during the Wilkes Expedition of 1838-1842, to honor Charles Pickering (naturalist), one of the expedition's naturalists. 
From 1922 to 1969, a ferry owned and operated by Mason County, Washington crossed Pickering Passage to link Harstine Island to the mainland. The ferry was replaced by a bridge in 1969

</doc>
<doc id="9870516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870516" title="Dame Chocolate">
Dame Chocolate

Dame Chocolate (Spanish for "Give Me Chocolate") is a 2007 Spanish-language telenovela, which was produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo and aired from March 5 until October 5, 2007. This limited-run serial stars Génesis Rodríguez as a sweet, simple girl who leaves rural Mexico for Miami in the US to fulfill her destiny in the chocolate business. Elements of this romantic soap opera resemble "Ugly Betty", the "Tammy films", "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "No Holds Barred".
Lionsgate Home Entertainment and Xenon Pictures released a four-disc DVD set of "Dame Chocolate" in the US on November 27, 2007. The abridged version runs over 13 hours. It includes English subtitles and carries a TV-PG rating.
Plot.
An awkward, shy girl named Rosita Amado (Génesis Rodríguez) grew up in the village of Xochilcacahuatel with humble, uncultured relatives who worship Ek Chuah, an ancient idol. When her grandfather Juan Amado (Héctor Suárez)-- who was known as "The Chocolate King"—dies, she is the only person left who knows the secret Mayan recipe that built his corporate empire.
While Rosita has a curvaceous body, she also has a big nose and buck teeth. She falls madly in love with charming chocolatier Bruce Remington (Carlos Ponce), the handsome heir to a candy factory, Chocolate Supremo. Their lives will interlace when Juan chooses her to take his place and teaches her the secret recipe. So Rosita heads to Florida to fulfill her grandfather's last wish, bringing her deaf great-aunt Dulce (Maria Antonieta de las Nieves), her uncle, Diosdado (Ricardo Chavez), and the rest of her extended family with her. (Telemundo publicity referred to them as an "assortment" of "uncouth relatives.")[http://www.bizjournals.com/sacramento/prnewswire/press_releases/California/2007/10/10/LAW020]
Meanwhile Bruce's mother, Grace Remington, (Kristina Lilley), an unscrupulous and overly ambitious woman (and Juan's stepdaughter) is claiming that the factory is near bankruptcy and ruthlessly plots against Rosita, becoming the young girl's most dedicated enemy. Grace wants the inheritance and the secret recipe and enlists the help of her son's lover, Samantha Porter, (Karla Monroig), to talk Bruce into seducing Rosita. 
When Bruce realizes that he truly loves Rosita, his mother has already plotted her downfall. Rosita must confront the Remington and fight for her grandfather's legacy. Meanwhile, Ángel Pérez (Khotan), a brutal, dangerous man from the past threatens Rosita's fresh start.
Rosita finds romance, deception and betrayal as she searches for true happiness in a new world. She learns about the dangers of hatred, jealousy and vengeance. The heroine finds herself caught between two powerful forces: love and chocolate.
To continue the story, Bruce was going to marry Rosita, so of course his mother and Samantha tried to stop it by lying to Rosita and saying that Bruce was actually going to marry Samantha instead of Rosita. Rosita was heartbroken and she left the state with Ángel, swearing revenge on the Remingtons and Samantha Porter. Somewhere in Texas, she escaped an explosion at a restaurant and survived, but her family, friends, and enemies all assumed her dead. Rosita was then kidnapped by a criminal, and met a man who promised to make her better looking. 
Rosita went to a show and transformed into a sexy, beautiful lady by way of plastic surgery that fixed her nose and teeth. She met again with Bruce (with her name changed to Violeta) and Bruce was attracted to her and pursued her. Bruce suspected that Violeta is Rosita, but Violeta was clever and didn't let Bruce know who she really was, and avoided showing Bruce her back since Rosita had a birthmark on her back and so did Violeta. All through this, Samantha was jealous that Bruce loved Violeta and ended up dying.
Later on Rosita finds out that Bruce really loves Violeta and tries to leave before it gets any worse, but Bruce kept pestering her and they ended up making love a few times. But Rosita was really afraid of hurting Bruce and ruining him once he finds out that she is really Rosita, and it doesn't help either that later on she begins to suspect that he is in fact innocent, and it was all Grace's fault, and he was oblivious to the plans of her downfall. Rosita then continues on with her plans of revenge and takes legal action against the Remingtons because of all the pain they put her through and how they stole her grandfather's factory away from her, and took her inheritance back. Once Bruce finds out that Violeta and Rosita are the same person, he is really angry, but then spills his heart out to her, and she ends up rejecting him. This leads him to literally hate her guts. Bruce, in an attempt to move on, falls mildly in love with, and marries Samantha's twin sister, Debora. Bruce later finds out that Lorenzo, the gardener at his home and the man who saw him grow up and knows everything about him, is in fact his biological father instead of the late Mr. Remington, due to a night spent with Grace Remington herself. 
Rosita continues being good friends with Fabián, and this makes Bruce insanely jealous because of how Fabián once told him that he liked Violeta, and now he was always by Rosita's side. But besides that fact, Rosita continued to love Bruce and Bruce loved her even though he was married. Rosita realized that she was pregnant with Bruce's child, and when she went to tell the news to Bruce, she encountered Debora at his apartment in nothing but one of Bruce's shirts, and Rosita immediately assumed the worst. So Bruce doesn't find out about the baby until much, much later. 
Bruce finds out about the pregnancy one night when he comes to Rosita's house with plans to see Lorenzo, but encounters Rosita in the pool instead. He sees her bare belly and she admits that she is pregnant. Debora and Fabián at least realized that their couples didn't love them, so they vowed to allow Bruce and Rosita space to rekindle their love. Rosita was kidnapped by Ángel and Grace after a party for months until it was almost time for the baby to be born. Rosita told Grace that her child was Bruce's, and she changed her mind about killing the baby because she hadn't known this, so she attacked Ángel so Rosita could escape once she began to go into labor. Grace ended up killing Ángel, in the tussle that ensued and got stabbed herself in the process. 
Finally when Rosita escaped from Ángel she found a place to gave birth in the basement of a house, Bruce was called by Grace and she told him where Rosita was, and he found Rosita while she was in labor and helped her to gave a birth to their baby. At the end Ángel died by getting stabbed by Grace's hand, and Grace died because she went a little crazy at the end and followed the face of Juan Amado into a lake and drowned. Bruce and Rosita ended up together again with their child.
Cast and Story Changes.
When Telemundo announced "Dame Chocolate" in May, 2006, the cast included Mauricio Ochmann as Bruce, Zharick Leon as Samantha and Erick Elías as Ángel. All three performers moved to other Telemundo serials. Ochmann left for "Marina", Leon went to "La Viuda de Blanco" and Elias joined "". They were replaced by Carlos Ponce, Karla Monroig, and Khotan Fernández. In addition, Venezuelan singer José Luis Rodríguez, father of star Génesis Rodríguez was also announced as part of the cast, but did not appear.[http://www.hispanicad.com/cgi-bin/news/newsarticle.cgi?article_id=19260]
Along with cast changes, Telemundo also made a major story shift. Rosita was originally to love Ángel Pérez, who was engaged to another woman. The story that aired portrayed Ángel as a villainous murderer and sexual predator.[http://www.nbcumarketplace.com/marketplace2/_broadcast/Telemundo/downloads/dame_chocolate-1.pdf]
After leaving "Marina", Ochmann eventually rejoined the cast of "Dame Chocolate". He took the role of Fabián Duque, a fashion photographer who falls for Rosita. His first air date was in June 13, 2007.
Product Placement.
Telemundo made product placement deals with The Clorox Company, Ford, IKEA, and other companies to promote their brands during the show. Clorox cleaning products can be seen throughout the Remington home, for example. These product placements are digitally altered to match the products available in each country airing the show.[http://www.adweek.com/aw/magazine/article_display.jsp?vnu_content_id=1003661110]
In addition, characters made excursions to Lowe's, Wal-Mart and Universal Studios Florida. Also, IKEA designed two bedroom sets for the show, "designed to reflect the culturally distinct style of two of the Latina characters." It displayed the furnishings in selected stores. The promotion also planned "program vignettes" during the broadcast, featuring actresses Karla Monroig and Kristina Lilley.[http://nbcumv.com/telemundo/release_detail.nbc/telemundo-20070306000000-ikeapremieressetd.html]
Wal-Mart received a "featured role" on "Dame Chocolate". Part of an episode was filmed at a supercenter in Hialeah, Florida Wal-Mart also agreed to do promotions in stores and online. The chain previously did a marketing deal for Watch Over Me.[http://home.businesswire.com/portal/site/google/index.jsp?ndmViewId=news_view&newsId=20070626006499&newsLang=en]
Production notes.
As with most of its other soap operas, Telemundo broadcasts English subtitles as closed captions on CC3. Originally, it scheduled 120 installments and extended its run to 130 episodes.
The name "Dame Chocolate" is a bilingual pun. It means "give me chocolate" in Spanish. It also implies that Rosita fills the role of dame of chocolate, referring to the traditional English title of nobility. Génesis Rodríguez was made less attractive with a false nose and teeth to play the innocent Rosita.
Ratings.
Telemundo touted "Dame Chocolate" as a ratings success, with May 2007 sweeps ratings up 34 percent among Hispanic adults ages 18–34. The show also won its time slot among those viewers in New York and Miami. The next month, "Dame"'s time slot (which included one soccer preemption) averaged 591,000 core adult viewers (ages 18 to 49), according to Nielsen Media Research.[http://nbcumv.com/telemundo/release_detail.nbc/telemundo-20070703000000-telemundo039spri.html?rss=1
Dame Chocolate in other media.
Latin Lunch
‘’Top Chef 3 Miami’’ shot the "" episode (in English) on the Remington Mansion exterior set featuring Rodriguez and Lilley, along with Natallia Streignard of "Las Brujas De South Beach". Contestants were told to create an authentic Latin meal. The episode debuted on Bravo on July 18, 2007.[http://nbcumv.com/telemundo/release_detail.nbc/telemundo-20070712000000-lasestrellasdetel.html?rss=1]. One contestant mentions "Dame Chocolate" is "huge in Mexico", although it was never widely broadcast in that country.

</doc>
<doc id="9870547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870547" title="Woodstock Times">
Woodstock Times

Woodstock Times is a small weekly newspaper in Woodstock, New York that is circulated every Thursday. It was established in 1972 by its current owner Geddy Sveikauskas of Ulster Publishing.
The editor is Brian Hollander.

</doc>
<doc id="9870556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870556" title="NetLinx">
NetLinx

NetLinx is both a range of "controllers" manufactured by AMX and the name of the proprietary programming language (loosely based on C) used to program the devices. 
The NetLinx controllers are rack mountable devices which run a version of VxWorks and integrate both a processor and device controllers and are typically utilized for Audio-Visual control systems. An example is the mid-range NetLinx Integrated NI-2100 controller which has 3 RS-232/RS-485 serial ports, 4 Relays, 4 Infrared/Serial ports and 4 Input/Outputs. Serial ports can send and receive serial strings, typically ASCII instructions and replies. Relays permit switching of modest currents. IR ports can send Infrared signals which emulate typical remote control devices that control (for instance) Televisions and VCRs. Input/output ports detect contact closures.
AMX supplies an IDE known as NetLinx Studio which allows a proprietary language to be edited, compiled and sent to the NetLinx controller. NetLinx also contains an interface which allows it to utilize Java based modules.
Earlier models of AMX controller were named Axcent.

</doc>
<doc id="9870568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870568" title="Market discipline">
Market discipline

Buyers and sellers in a market are said to be constrained by market discipline in setting prices because they have strong incentives to generate revenues and avoid bankruptcy. This means, in order to meet economic necessity, buyers must avoid prices that will drive them into bankruptcy and sellers must find prices that will generate revenue (or suffer the same fate).
Market discipline is a topic of particular concern because of banking deposit insurance laws. Most governments offer deposit insurance for people making deposits with banks. Normally, bank managers have strong incentives to avoid risky loans and other investments. However, mandated deposit insurance eliminates much of the risk to bankers. This constitutes a loss of market discipline. In order to counteract this loss of market discipline, governments introduce regulations aimed at preventing bank managers from taking excessive risk. Today market discipline is introduced into the Basel II Capital Accord as a pillar of prudential banking regulation.
The efficacy of regulations aimed at introducing market discipline is questionable. Financial bailouts provide implicit insurance schemes like too-big-to-fail, where regulators in central agencies feel obliged to rescue a troubled bank for fear of financial contagion. It can be argued that depositors would not bother to monitor bank activities under these favorable circumstances.
Numerous academic studies on this subject. The findings at first had mixed and somewhat discouraging results where market discipline did not appear to be an essential feature in banking. Later studies, though, when including some of the previously missing key aspects into the empirical analysis, supported the existence and significance of such a natural control mechanism "unambiguously". Accordingly, depositors 'discipline' bank activities to some extent depending on the well functioning of financial markets and institutions.
Introduction.
Since 1990's there is an increase of interest among policymakers and academics for enhancing the environment for market discipline. The reason being: Financial engineering and technological improvements enabled financial intermediaries to be involved in overly complex and advanced financial operations. These activities become more and more costly to monitor and supervise from the regulatory agency perspective. This is precisely why regulators support the idea of including market discipline as another channel to complement regulatory policies. In a study reported to the Congress in 1983 by the FDIC, the challenge to the possibility of restructuring financial markets is stressed quite nicely:
"We must seek new ways, in the absence of rigid government controls on competition, to limit destructive competition and excessive risk-taking. There are only two alternatives. We can promulgate countless new regulations governing every aspect of bank behaviour and hire thousands of additional examiners to enforce them. This approach would undercut the benefits sought through deregulation, would favour the unregulated at the expense of the regulated, and would ultimately fail.
The FDIC much prefers the other alternative: seeking ways to impose a greater degree of marketplace discipline on the system to replace outmoded government controls". (page:3)
Therefore, making the relevant financial data publicly available in a timely fashion will, supposedly, help investors to better evaluate bank condition by themselves and as such this will relieve the pressure of regulators and put it on the shoulders of the market investors and depositors.
The right amount of information release is essential. With too little information, there is no discipline. Too much information, on the other hand, may cause a bank run which might have devastating consequences. A timely, balanced amount of information is critical for the desired results. 
At the Conference of Bank Structure and Competition on May 8, 2003, the then FED Chairman Alan Greenspan noted that transparency is not the same as disclosure. Relevant data shall be disclosed in a timely fashion for enhanced transparency:
"Transparency challenges market participants not only to provide information, but also to place that information in a context that makes it meaningful."
Basel II.
Basel II is a banking supervision accord in its final version as of 2006. It describes and recommends the necessary minimum capital requirements necessary to keep the bank safe and sound. It consists of three pillars to this aim: 
The third pillar requires the bank activities to be transparent to the general public. For this, the bank is supposed to release relevant financial data (financial statements etc.) in a timely fashion to the public, for example, through its webpage. This might enable depositors to better evaluate bank condition (i.e. bank probability of failure) and diversify their portfolio accordingly. As such this pillar by itself is believed will enhance the role of market discipline in financial markets.
Deposit Safety Nets.
Deposit insurance in the U.S. was instituted in 1934 to restore depositor trust into the financial markets following the devastation of the Great Depression. It worked quite well for many decades in terms of preventing a major bank run and systemic risk. 
In the last couple of decades there has been increased criticism about its benefits. Concerning market discipline, one can easily say that mispriced deposit insurance distorts the incentives of depositors to monitor bank risk taking activities. For example, 100% of deposits are under government guarantee (up to $100,000) in the U.S. compared to only 70% in England. Obviously, the depositors in England, knowing that they will lose money when the bank they are investing in fails, will be more cautious than U.S. depositors and will monitor bank activities with vigilance. 
The question that challenges policymakers is really what an optimal deposit insurance scheme might be. Moreover "How to design and implement it?"

</doc>
<doc id="9870571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870571" title="When It Was Me">
When It Was Me

"When It Was Me" is Paula DeAnda's third single on her debut album "Paula DeAnda". Paula's pensive thoughts are expressed, nonetheless sung, about how her ex-boyfriend shows much affection to his new love, when that person used to be her. According to Paula, the way he treats his girlfriend is better than the way he treated her.
Paula says throughout the first and second verses that she's not jealous, but overall she really is aware of the changes, and really wants what her ex-boyfriend is giving to the other girl. This song was co-written by Ne-Yo. The song peaked a #113 in the US, the song received some very minor airplay on a few Top 40/Pop stations in Texas, but it didn't make the Top 40 Mainstream or Pop 100 Airplay charts. The song received moderate airplay on some Rhythmic radio stations causing it to chart on the Rhythmic Top 40, it peaked at #25 on the chart.
Cover versions.
The song has been covered by Liverpudlian based dance girl band Sweet XX and appears on the Clubland 14 album.

</doc>
<doc id="9870590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870590" title="Nittatsu Hosoi">
Nittatsu Hosoi

Nittatsu Hosoi (細井日達, "Hosoi Nittatsu"; April 15, 1902, Tokyo - June 22, 1979) was the 66th high priest of Nichiren Shoshu, a major school of Nichiren Buddhism, and chief priest of its head temple Taisekiji in Fujinomiya, Shizuoka, Japan. He was succeeded by Nikken Abe after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="9870597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870597" title="Tomorrow with Alex Beinstein">
Tomorrow with Alex Beinstein

"Tomorrow with Alex Beinstein" is a Chicago radio show on WHPK that tackles current political issues relevant to the youth. Beinstein typically discusses current issues such as Free Trade, Education and the Darfur conflict.
Generally, the show features two to three interviews per show. Guests have included Jesse Jackson, civil rights activist; Fareed Zakaria, International Editor of Newsweek; John Bolton, former United States Ambassador to the UN; Mike Gravel, former Senator from Alaska and 2008 Democratic Primary candidate; Greta Van Susteren, host of On the Record; Walter Isaacson, President of the Aspen Institute; Rick Tyler, Newt Gingrich's spokesman; Nicholas Kristof, New York Times Op-ed writer; Jeffrey Sachs, author of the "End of Poverty"; Michael Oren, Middle East historian; and Tucker Bounds, John McCain's spokesman. 
Alex Beinstein is an undergraduate student at the University of Chicago studying history.

</doc>
<doc id="9870611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870611" title="Biagio Brugi">
Biagio Brugi

Biagio Brugi (1855 – 1934) was an Italian jurist. He taught Roman law at Catania (1882), Padua (1885) and Pisa (1918–30). He was a student of Filippo Serafini.
His works underline the relevance of Roman law for contemporary jurisprudence. His influential 1891 textbook "Introduzione enciclopedica alle scienze giuridiche e sociali nel sistema della giurisprudenza" emphasised the importance of research in the political and social sciences for the study of law.
Brugi was a member of the Accademia dei Lincei, the Instituto Veneto and of several foreign academies, as well as government commissions. 1928 he was made a senator for life.

</doc>
<doc id="9870616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870616" title="Kristen Vigard">
Kristen Vigard

Kristen Vigard (born May 15, 1963) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her two year run as "Morgan Richards" on "The Guiding Light". She toured as a backup singer with Fishbone and the Red Hot Chili Peppers in the 1980s and sang the lead vocals for Illeana Douglas for the 1996 film "Grace of My Heart", including "God Give Me Strength", which was nominated for Best Original Song at the 1st Golden Satellite Awards.
Early life.
Vigard was born on May 15, 1963 in St. Paul, Minnesota. In the late 1960s, she moved with her family to New York City where she made her acting debut at the age of 6 playing a carrot in a production starring Holly Woodlawn, Candy Darling and Jackie Curtis. Vigard continued performing in theatre, appearing in productions with Ruby Dee, Joanne Woodward and Shirley Knight. She also became one of the first clients to be signed to the children's division of the Ford Modeling Agency, along with Brooke Shields and Ricky Schroder.
Musical theatre.
In 1976, she created the title role in the musical "Annie" at the Goodspeed Opera House in East Haddam, Connecticut. However, the producers soon decided that Vigard's genuinely sweet interpretation was not tough enough for the street-smart character. After a week of performances, Vigard was replaced by Andrea McArdle, who played one of the orphans. Vigard later went on to become McArdle's Broadway understudy.
In 1977, Vigard played "Crissy" in the short-lived revival of "Hair". Though the show met with mostly negative reviews, Vigard received some of the best notices. "The New York Times" wrote, "The very best song of all, and perhaps the best performance as well, is Miss Vigard in the stony and touching saga of a teenybopper, 'Frank Mills.' Miss Vigard looks like an ancient 12 year old; she sings in a clear, clean style that cuts most satisfyingly through the general lushness." "Newsweek" noted, "Angel-faced Kristen Vigard is the nicest of cast."
In May 1979, she returned to Broadway as Johanne in "I Remember Mama" with Liv Ullman. Although show was the last musical to be written by Richard Rodgers, it received mixed reviews.
Television and film.
In 1980, Vigard was cast as Morgan Richards on the daytime soap opera "The Guiding Light". That same year, she appeared on the cover of "People" as one of the "Torrid Teens on the Soaps". She remained on the show for two years.
Vigard made her film debut in the 1979 film "The Black Stallion" and later appeared alongside Henry Fonda in the TV movie "Home to Stay". She continued her work on television on "Fame", "The Equalizer", "Amazing Stories" and a two-year stint on "One Life to Live". In 1983, she appeared in her first major screen role playing Walter Matthau's daughter in the film "The Survivors".
Singing career.
Vigard then pursued a music career and in the 1980s toured as a backup singer with Fishbone and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. In 1988, she released her eponymous debut album. It was chosen as one of the top 100 albums of the year by "Playboy" and reached the "Billboard" top 30. In 1996, she sang the lead vocals for Illeana Douglas for the film "Grace of My Heart". In 2004, Vigard released her second album, "God, Loves and Angels".
In popular culture.
Vigard's short-lived role as "Annie" is mentioned in the 2008 film "Phoebe in Wonderland".

</doc>
<doc id="9870632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870632" title="Alamosa Skatepark Environment">
Alamosa Skatepark Environment

The Alamosa Skatepark Envinronment, also known as West Side Skatepark, is the second in-ground large scale skatepark located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It was commissioned to ARTIFEX Skatepark Environments in 2004.
Design.
The majority of the city's other existing skatepark is typical bowls with radiused transitions and limited streetscape elements. In order to provide a large variety of skate opportunities in the city, the Alamosa facility is designed more as a park to skate. It draws inspiration from Albuquerque's world renown arroyo system as well as site specific elements in the city that are now off-limits to skating. Various elements are incorporated in a cohesive site plan that reacts to current trends in the sport. Skating is shifting toward site and region specific parks that have more of a campus or civic plaza feel, and this facility is a unique response to this trend.
The skatepark has two distinct main areas, the Trenches and the Skylit Bowl. The Trenches is a unique flow area with a mix of banks, ledges, walls, stairs, gaps, and rails in various combinations and arrangements. The majority of the Trenches is poured-in-place concrete with a brick central plaza. The layout arrangement and concrete coloring of this area is inspired by Albuquerque's drainage arroyos and allows users to ride lines or session specific elements. The arrangement also disperses users throughout the park instead of congregating them in the middle. The entire area drains via surface flow which discharges through a replica arroyo section.
The Skylit Bowl combines three deep bowls with a ¾ pipe that has a large-scale skylight type opening on top (the first of its kind). This area of the park is inspired by the backyard pools that skaters rode in the early years of the sport. The bowls range in depth from 8' to 11' and incorporate various horizontal radii to facilitate rider circulation. The edges of the bowls are round steel pipe and granite pool edging.
The Trenches and the Skylit Bowl are oriented parallel to each other in an east-west alignment. This configuration fills the shape of the existing site as well as accommodating the natural west to east slope. The Skylit Bowl is situated on the high spot of the site to allow connection to the existing storm sewer system. The rim of the bowls is 7-10 feet above the Trenches, creating a sizeable mound.
Between these two areas is a sloped turf grass area for users to rest and still be able to watch the other riders. The mound of the Skylit Bowl also buffers noise from the Trenches to the adjacent properties to the north.
The skatepark has multiple entry points which further enhance the concept of a park to skate. Along the south side of the park, an existing pedestrian walk provides access to three entry points; an uphill sloped walk, a down-hill sloped ramp, and a set of stairs. Two rideable walks connect the Trenches to the Skylit Bowl, which is connected to a perimeter walk with a crusher fines path. These connections provide easy internal circulation and a sense of openness to the surrounding site. this is one of the best in New Mexico for vert but has some street skate spots in it
Reception.
The Alamosa Skatepark Envinronment is featured in the Eleventh Edition of Architectural Graphic Standards by the American Institute of Architects. Widely known as the "architect's bible", this reference book establishes standards for construction materials, methods, and practices. The skatepark environment is included, as one of only two site design case studies, because of its relevance to a broad range of site design criteria, as well as being on the leading edge of a new generation of skateparks.

</doc>
<doc id="9870636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870636" title="Stacy Levy">
Stacy Levy

Stacy Levy (born 1960) is a sculptor who works in sculptural media suggestive of ecological natural patterns and processes such as water flows. Her studio is based in rural Pennsylvania, but she works on projects around the world.
Biography.
Stacy Levy studied at the Architectural Association School of Architecture.
She graduated from Yale University with a BA in Sculpture, studied at Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture, and graduated from the Tyler School of Art at Temple University with a MFA in Sculpture.
Work.
Stacy Levy uses the language of landscape and art to tell the ecological story of a site, drawing on both art and science. Her projects reveal the sometime hidden natural world in the urban environment. Stacy’s work seamlessly integrates the beauty of art with site design to create memorable places alive with nature and sensation. Her projects distill the essence of nature and reveal its processes to the user. Stacy works closely with building architects, landscape architects, engineers, horticulturalists and soil scientists to create artworks that allow natural systems like the infiltration of rainwater, to function and thrive. Through a lyrical approach to natural science, Levy blends an understanding of sustainable design and ecological concepts and harnesses the ephemeral changes of weather and light with the lasting presence of sculpture.
From rivers to runoff, Levy has explored the many facets of water: urban watersheds, storm water, hydrologic patterns and water treatment. Her installation "Calendar of Rain" creates a year-long record of precipitation, collected daily in shimmering glass jars. One of her current projects for the City of Yonkers' waterfront - incorporates the use of LED technology to visually manifest the ebb and flow of the Hudson River tide. Ms. Levy has completed numerous rainwater pieces including a watershed rain terrace for Penn State University's new Arboretum, and rain garden for Springside School with the Philadelphia Water Department and the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society. She has public commissions in New York, Seattle, Philadelphia, Tampa, New Jersey, Canada and Niigata, Japan.
Recent works.
Spiral Wetland.
Lake Fayetteville, Fayetteville, AR 2013
Spiral Wetland is an eco-art project supported by the Walton ArtCenter as part of the Artosphere Festival in Fayetteville, Arkansas on Lake Fayetteville.
Spiral Wetland is made with native soft rush, Juncus effusus, growing in a closed-cell foam mat anchored to the lake’s floor. The plants help remove excess nutrients like nitrogen and phosphorus from the lake water, and the mat adds shade for fish habitat. Inspired by Spiral Jetty (1970), Robert Smithson’s famous earthwork sited in the Great Salt Lake, Utah, this spiral is a working earthwork floating on the surface of the lake.
When the installation is taken down in Summer 2014, sections of the planted mat will be adopted and transplanted into other wetlands and retention basins in the region, continuing the benefits of the project in new waters.
Tide Flowers.
Hudson River Park, Piers 34 and 25, New York, NY on hold
Hudson River Park Trust with Mathews Neilsen Landscape Architects
33 units 9’ wide Marine vinyl, steel, polycarbonate plastic, foam.
Nature does not stop in the city. The Hudson River, brushing against the concrete and glass of the urban fabric, rises up and down twice a day with the eternal clock of the tides. This tidal activity connects us to the ocean, to the moon and to a daily schedule that is nature’s own.
Tide Flowers will register the tidal movement with a simple visual presence of brilliantly-colored flowers blooming at high tide and closing at low tide. Tide Flowers is made up of thirty-three flower units, each with six petals, attached to selected wooden piles on two piers. Twenty-five flowers will be placed in a field-like formation on selected pilings at the end of pier 25, visible from both the path and the new park. Eight additional tide flowers will be attached to pilings closer to the pathway to give park users a hint of the larger field of flowers beyond.
River Eyelash.
Three Rivers Arts Festival, Pittsburgh, PA 2005
3,000 painted buoys radiate out from the bulkhead of the Point State Park, like an eyelash for the city. The eyelash continuously changes formation in response to wind direction, speed of the currents and boat wakes.
Kept Out.
Schuylkill Center for Environmental Education, Philadelphia, PA. 2009-2010. Part of Edible Landscapes, curated by Amy Lipton
Kept Out consists of a pair of deer exclosures, the fenced areas to keep deer out: one built near the artist’s studio in a woodland in Pennsylvania’s Ridge and Valley region and the other at the woodlands edge of Schuylkill Center for Environmental and Education in the Piedmont ecosystem. Both sites face a great deal of deer pressure.
AMD&Art Project in Vintondale Vintondale, PA 1995 -2005..
Collaboration with Julie Bargmann, Landscape Architect. Robert Deason, Hydrogeologist and T. Allan Comp Historian
Acid mine drainage pollutes hundreds of miles of streams in Pennsylvania. At Mine Number Six in Vintondale, in the coal mining region of south central Pennsylvania, artists, landscape architects, scientists and historians collaborated on ways to treat AMD while interpreting the coal mining history and the passive treatment processes. This project creates a public park and water treatment facility.
Watermap: Friends’ Central School, Wynnewood, PA 2003.
Tributaries of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers are deeply sandblasted into bluestone paved terrace. When it rains, the rainwater flows into the runnels of the tributaries and then into deeply inscribed Delaware River, creating a watershed in miniature.
Cloud Stones: Mineral Springs Park, Seattle Arts Council, Seattle WA. 2004.
The highly polished black stone domes reflect the sky and the clouds formations. Text sandblasted around the domes tells of the types of weather which these cloud formations bring. The white domes have more of evening presence, and their text tells of the moon and stars. As the light fades at dusk, the white domes remain bright while the dark domes sink into the shadows
Lotic Meander - Ontario Science Centre's Project Art. 2007..
"Lotic Meander" is a serpentine walkway that resembles a dried riverbed, located outside the Ontario Science Centre's Great Hall. Modelled on the meanderings of the Humber River, the snakelike stream is 91.4 metres long and winds along a path that takes up most of the Solar Patio. The piece is made from 116 granite slabs from India, and 8 nearly perfect hemispherical or hemiellipsoidal black domes carved from boulders imported from China. The highly polished domes are similar, in appearance, to the domes used to house surveillance cameras.
Along some of the curves of the path there are also nicely polished smooth round glass pebbles, in variously coloured translucent glass.

</doc>
<doc id="9870638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870638" title="Millennium Library">
Millennium Library

A Millennium Library may be:

</doc>
<doc id="9870646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870646" title="Bill Jordan (outdoorsman)">
Bill Jordan (outdoorsman)

Bill Jordan is the creator of the Realtree and Advantage brands of camouflage and the host of the "Monster Bucks" video series and the "Realtree Outdoors" television show. He has made numerous appearances on outdoor television shows and has produced and assisted many up and coming leaders in the hunting industry. His slogan for Realtree being "Friends, Family, and the Outdoors" signifying the importance of hunting and fishing in communities across the United States. 
Biography.
Jordan grew up in a rural home outside of Columbus, Georgia where he was the youngest of three siblings. Jordan's father, Leon, owned a boat dealership close to Lake Oliver.
Jordan went to Columbus High School where he was a star athlete in track, basketball, and football. He received a scholarship from the University of Mississippi for football. Ole Miss appealed to him the most because good hunting and fishing was a short drive away. Jordan graduated from college in 1973, but injuries kept him from considering a professional football career. So he returned to Columbus to work at the family boat business. Jordan first got his feet wet in the hunting industry in 1983 when he started Spartan Archery Products in a room at his family's boat dealership in Columbus, Georgia.
Camouflage business.
In 1986 Jordan decided to design his own camouflage patterns, and did so by trying to mock the bark from a giant oak tree in his parent's front lawn. His breakthrough came at a SHOT Show where his new camouflage patterns were recognized by well-known figures in the hunting industry. They all wanted to know if he could send them a shipment of his products but Jordan had no money or real licensing agreement. The men from these well-known hunting companies and Jordan sat in his booth for hours trying to figure out how to begin producing his camouflage patterns. Finally they worked out an agreement with Walls and Jordan's textile industry that he used. Jordan changed the name of his company, signed an agreement, and Realtree was born.

</doc>
<doc id="9870649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870649" title="Cobbold Commission">
Cobbold Commission

The Cobbold Commission, was a Commission of Enquiry set up to determine whether the people of North Borneo (now Sabah) and Sarawak supported the proposal to create the Malaysia consisting of Malaya, Brunei, Singapore, North Borneo, and Sarawak. It was also responsible for the subsequent drafting of the Constitution of Malaysia prior to the formation of Malaysia on 16 September 1963. The Commission was headed by former Bank of England governor, Lord Cobbold.
Members.
Members of the Commission were:
Report.
The Commission released its findings, report and recommendations on 1 August 1962. It concluded that the formation of Malaysia should be implemented. However, Lord Cobbold also stressed that all parties enter the federation as equal partners. The findings were summarised by Lord Cobbold as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9870658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870658" title="Alan Gardner, 1st Baron Gardner">
Alan Gardner, 1st Baron Gardner

Admiral Alan Gardner, 1st Baron Gardner (12 February 1742 – 1 January 1809) was a British Royal Navy officer and peer of the realm. He was regarded by some as one of the Georgian era's most dashing frigate captains and, ultimately, a respected senior admiral.
Naval career.
Gardner joined the Royal Navy in 1755. Promoted to Captain in 1766, his first command was the fireship . He commanded a number of frigates before being promoted to a ship of the line. 
In 1782 he commanded a ship at the Battle of the Saintes and in 1786, as Commodore of the American Squadron (consisting of HMS "Europa" and ), he suppressed smuggling in the Gulf of Mexico and ordered detailed hydrographic surveys of Caribbean locations of interest to the Navy. During this time, he commanded and probably mentored future famous officers such as George Vancouver, Peter Puget and Joseph Whidbey.
He was a Member of the Board of Admiralty from 1790 to 1795 and was then promoted to full Admiral in 1795. During the Mutiny at Spithead in 1797, Gardner negotiated directly with the mutineers, until he lost his temper, seized a mutineer by the throat and threatened to hang the lot. This nearly led to his own demise at the hands of the mutineers, but cooler heads prevailed.
In 1800 he became Commander-in-Chief of the Irish Station.
That year he was also created Baron Gardner, of Uttoxeter, in the Peerage of Ireland and in 1806 the title of Baron Gardner in the Peerage of the United Kingdom was created for him. He was Member of Parliament for Plymouth and, later, Westminster. He was briefly Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth from March to June 1803. In 1807 he was made Commander-in-Chief of the Channel Fleet and he died in office on 1 January 1809.
Family.
Gardner was born in Uttoxeter. He married Susannah Hyde Gale (c. 1760 - 20 April 1823) on 20 May 1769. They had two sons. The older son, Alan Hyde Gardner, 2nd Baron Gardner, and their nephew, Robert Barrie, became Admirals in the Royal Navy. Gale was a Jamaican heiress and the daughter of Francis Gale, a plantation owner, and Susanna Hall.
Through his brother, Major Valentine Gardner, he was the uncle of Colonel William Linnæus Gardner, an Indian officer.
Legacy.
Capt. George Vancouver named several locations after Gardner: Mount Gardner in Australia, the Gardner Channel in Canada, and Port Gardner Bay in Puget Sound. Also in Puget Sound, Port Susan is named for his wife, Susannah.
An East Indiaman was named after Admiral Gardner; 
it was wrecked on the Goodwin Sands, 24 January 1809. It was carrying a large number of copper 10 and 20 cash coins minted by the East India Company for circulation in the Madras Presidency. The coins were preserved in tightly sealed barrels and large numbers were retrieved around 1986. They are frequently packaged and sold as inexpensive "shipwreck coins."

</doc>
<doc id="9870660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870660" title="Rich Passage">
Rich Passage

Rich Passage is a tidal strait in Puget Sound, allowing access to Bremerton, Washington, Sinclair Inlet, and Dyes Inlet, and separating Bainbridge Island from the Manchester area of the Kitsap Peninsula. Due to the activities at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, Rich Passage has a high volume of marine traffic. The Seattle-Bremerton ferry, part of the Washington State Ferries, travels the length of Rich Passage on its route. 
In addition to the many ferry trips each way per day, tugs with hawser tows and various types of naval and recreational craft all contribute to a considerable collision hazard, particularly at the sharp bend off Point Glover. Strong tidal conditions prevail in this vicinity, and deep-draft outbound vessels making the sharp turn may be unavoidably set well over to the eastern shore.
Fort Ward State Park and Manchester State Park are on the Rich Passage waterfront.
Rich Passage was named by Charles Wilkes during the Wilkes Expedition of 1838-1842, to honor William Rich, the expedition's botanist.

</doc>
<doc id="9870668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870668" title="Axcent">
Axcent

AMX used to manufacture the Axcent range of controllers, computing devices designed to be used to control other devices, typically in an Audio-Visual control system. They have now been superseded by the NetLinx controller range.
An example was the "Axcent3 Integrated Axcess Controller" which had 6 RS-232/RS-485 serial ports, 8 Relays, 6 Infrared/Serial ports and 6 Input/Outputs. Serial ports can send and receive serial strings, typically ASCII instructions and replies. Relays permit switching of modest currents. IR ports can send Infrared signals which emulate typical remote control devices that control (for instance) Televisions and VCRs. Input/output ports detect contact closures.
AMX supplies an IDE known as NetLinx Studio which allows a proprietary language to be edited, compiled and sent to the Axcent controller. The name of this language is AXCESS.
Powerful Axcent controllers are readily available on eBay for prices vastly lower than comparable new NetLinx controllers. It is easy to build a fully NetLinx-programmed system using a small NetLinx controller linked to one or more Axcent controllers.

</doc>
<doc id="9870689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870689" title="Luigi Zenobi">
Luigi Zenobi

Luigi Zenobi (1547 or 1548 – after 1602), also known as Luigi del Cornetto, was a virtuoso cornett player. Born in Ancona, Italy, Zenobi moved to Vienna, where he was employed by Maximilian II as the court cornett player. In 1583, he relocated to Ferrara and became the most highly paid musician in the Este court at the time. By 1587, he had become music director of the Oratory of Filippo Neri. Zenobi returned to Vienna sometime before Alfonso II d'Este's death in 1597. His letters indicate that he spent his remaining years in Naples under the employment of Viceroy Fernando Ruiz de Castro Andrade y Portugal. 
Zenobi wrote numerous letters, of which 18 survive; his writings indicate that he was a painter, miniaturist, poet, and amateur musicologist. He wrote madrigal verse and a cycle of one hundred sonnets on the death of Maximilian II. His most famous writing is his long letter to an unnamed prince, which he probably wrote around 1600. In it, Zenobi describes the qualities of a perfect musician, and discusses the characteristics of good singers, music directors, composers, string and wind players, and accompanists.
References.
Blackburn, Bonnie J. "Zenobi, Luigi". "Grove Music Online" (subscription required). ed. L. Macy. Retrieved on March 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9870705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870705" title="Rosario Strait">
Rosario Strait

Rosario Strait is a strait in northern Washington state, separating Island and San Juan Counties. It extends from the Strait of Juan de Fuca about north to the Strait of Georgia. The USGS defines its southern boundary as a line extending from Point Colville on Lopez Island to Rosario Head on Fidalgo Island, and its northern boundary as a line from Point Migley on Lummi Island to the east tip of Puffin Island (just east of Matia Island) and then to Point Thompson on Orcas Island. Rosario Strait runs north-south between Lopez, Decatur, Blakely, and Orcas Islands on the west, and Fidalgo, Cypress, Sinclair, and Lummi Islands on the east.
Rosario Strait is a major shipping channel. More than 500 oil tankers pass through the strait each year, to and from the Cherry Point Refinery and refineries near Anacortes. The strait is in constant use by vessels bound for Cherry Point, Bellingham, Anacortes, and the San Juan Islands. Vessels bound for British Columbia or Alaska also frequently use it in preference to the passages farther west, when greater advantage can be taken of the tidal currents.
History.
In 1790 the Spanish explorersManuel Quimper and Juan Carrasco, sailing aboard the "Princesa Real", gave the name Boca de Fidalgo, in honor of Salvador Fidalgo, to Rosario Strait, which was thought to be a bay. In 1791 José María Narváez renamed it Canal de Fidalgo after determining it was a strait. Also in 1791 Francisco de Eliza gave the name Gran Canal de Nuestra Señora del Rosario la Marinera to what it now the Strait of Georgia. In 1792, George Vancouver explored the region and gave the Strait of Georgia its present name. He did not provide a name for Rosario Strait. In 1847 Charles Wilkes, during the Wilkes Expedition, gave Rosario Strait the name Ringgold Channel after one of his officers. Then in 1847 the British Captain Henry Kellett reorganized the British Admiralty charts, in the process removing the "pro-American" names given by Wilkes and affirming pro-British names and Spanish names. He affirmed the name Gulf of Georgia (Strait of Georgia) given by George Vancouver and used a shortened version of Eliza's name for the Strait of Georgia to replace both Wilkes' and Eliza's original names for Rosario Strait.
Following the Oregon Treaty it was assumed by the British to be the route of the deepest channel to the open sea from the 49th Parallel boundary's terminus in the middle of the Georgia Strait, and is in fact the shortest shipping route. Haro Strait, west of the San Juan Islands, which is wider though somewhat longer, was the American preference for the boundary and its eventual location following the arbitration of the dispute over the San Juan Islands, known as the Pig War.

</doc>
<doc id="9870712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870712" title="CHY FM">
CHY FM

CHY FM is a youth-run community radio station, located in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales.
History.
The idea of a youth-run community radio station in Coffs Harbour came from Captain John Townsend, a member of the Salvation Army. Townsend realised the success this concept could be. After donations from businesses from across Coffs Harbour, the station launched on December 1, 1973. Since 1973, more than 4000 young people from the Coffs Harbour region have been through CHY FM. The station celebrated it's 40th anniversary in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9870715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870715" title="The Hyde Schools">
The Hyde Schools

The Hyde Schools is a college preparatory school for grades 9-12 with campuses in Bath, Maine and Woodstock, Connecticut. 
Description.
In 1966 Joe Gauld, founded Hyde School in Bath, Maine. A second boarding campus was established in 1996 in Woodstock, Connecticut. Hyde School is an independent, college preparatory school with a focus on family-based character education.
The school offers athletic programs in soccer, cross country, football ,basketball, equestrian, track and field, wrestling, lacrosse, swimming, dance, and tennis.
As part of the character-building curriculum, all students are required to participate in academics, performing arts, athletics and community service.
Hyde’s 145 acre Bath, Maine campus includes a health center, bookstore, cafeteria, student center, playing fields, all-weather track, indoor tennis and basketball courts, and dormitories. There are running, bicycling, and cross-country skiing trails.The campus also includes a ropes course, recording studio, climbing wall, and ice skating ponds.
The 120-acre Woodstock, Connecticut campus includes classroom buildings and a student union with dining hall, 200-room dormitory facilities, two playing fields, a track and turf field, ropes course, and a practice field. The gymnasium includes basketball courts, weight and wrestling rooms and a 1,000-seat theater.
Hyde President Malcolm Gauld and Executive Director of Boarding Schools and Head of School at Hyde-Bath Laura Gauld co-authored the book "The Biggest Job We’ll Ever Have: The Hyde School Program for Character-based Parenting" (Scribner). The success of Hyde's Family Education program based on the 10 Priorities in the book has led to national "Biggest Job" workshops and parenting resources open to all parents at www.biggestjob.com.
The Five Words.
There are five words in the Hyde School. Concern, Courage, Leadership, Curiosity and Integrated. 

</doc>
<doc id="9870728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870728" title="Frederick J. Schlink">
Frederick J. Schlink

Frederick J. Schlink (October 26, 1891 – January 15, 1995) was an American consumer rights activist. He co-wrote the book 100,000,000 Guinea Pigs with Arthur Kallet, and co-founded the watchdog group 
Consumers Research.
Life and activism.
Schlink was born in Peoria, Illinois, and graduated from the University of Illinois in 1912. In 1914, he acquired the degree of Mechanical Engineer, and worked at the United States Bureau of Standards until 1919. After work in quality control for Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, and for the Bell Telephone Laboratories, he became an assistant secretary for the non-profit American Standards Association.
In 1927, Schlink was co-author, with Stuart Chase, of the bestseller, "Your Money's Worth", a warning about sales pressure and misleading advertising. The book called attention to the "Consumers' Club", a small organization in White Plains, New York. Within two years, the club had members nationwide and was incorporated as Consumers' Research Arthur Kallet, the secretary of the group, enlisted Schlink's aid as co-author of "One Hundred Million Guinea Pigs" in 1933. (That was the population of the United States at the time.) The book caused a stir, noting that some well-advertised products (including mouthwash and hair dyes) were sometimes useless and even dangerous. His final book was "Eat, Drink and be Wary" in 1935. Schlink himself lived for sixty years after the book's publication and died at the age of 103.
Consumers Research.
Schlink was instrumental in moving Consumers Research to Washington NJ. When employees demanded more wages, he refused. Three went on strike with outside union help, and were terminated. Forty more employees then struck as support for those terminated. Schlink had always been focused upon capitalistic advertising, and he saw this an "unholy alliance" with the strikers, and he used force to break the strike. This act was one that started the exodus of employees to the new Consumers Union, and spelled the end to Consumers Research.

</doc>
<doc id="9870742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870742" title="Barstow High School">
Barstow High School

Barstow High School is a public high school located in Barstow, California. Founded in 1915, the school soon expanded and relocated to its current location in 1938. The school serves about 3,000 students in grades 9 to 12 from across the city, as well as outlying areas. In recent years, funding from the city has allowed the school to expand greatly, including revamping of older buildings, as well as the construction of a science lab and a gym. The school is known for having excellent D3 State winning cross country teams, an award winning competition cheer squad and the Aztec Marching Band. In Track & Field DSL Championships held on April 30, 2008, Anthony Solis broke the DSL record for the 3200m in 9:37 and later went on to run 9:11 at the 2008 California State Championships for 3200m, after winning CIF-SS D3 3200m individual title. Barstow High School had the Individual Champion in cross country at the Southern Section Finals with Anthony Solis winning in 2007 with a time of 15:01 and Isaac Chavez winning in 2008 with a time of 15:04 (both on the Mt.Sac cross country course). Barstow High school and Victor Valley High School compete annually in the "Axe" football game.
Athletics.
As of the 2008–2009 school year, the school offers sports in: Basketball, Football (1969 CIF State Champions), Baseball, Softball, Soccer, Girl's volleyball, Track and Field, Cross Country ( 6-time State Champions,01,02,05,06,07,08), Wrestling, Golf, Tennis, Cheerleading (co-ed).
Since 1932, the Barstow High School Aztecs have played the Victor Valley High School Jackrabbits in the Axe Game. It is the second longest high school rivalry in southern California. 
The mascot.
Originally the Bulldogs, "Riffian" became the mascot following popularity of the movie, The Desert Song (1943). When the school merged with the Kennedy High School "Spartans" across town the beginning of the 1977–1978 school year, the mascot was officially changed to the Aztecs.
Student demographics.
As of 2008:
References.
Aaron Sanchez 1st round draft pick in 2010, 32nd Overall.

</doc>
<doc id="9870749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870749" title="James Flint (merchant)">
James Flint (merchant)

James Flint (?1720-?) was an 18th-century British merchant and diplomat employed by the East India Company and noted for his role in precipitating the Canton System of Chinese trade with the West. One of the first English people to learn the Chinese language, Flint broke Qing Dynasty court protocol through a direct complaint to the Qianlong Emperor, which led to a three year period of detention in the Portuguese colony of Macau. In later life he was jointly responsible for the introduction of the soya bean to North America.
Biography.
Early life.
Left in China as a teenage boy by Captain Rigby of the Honourable East India Company ship "Normanton" in 1736, Flint grew to adulthood speaking Mandarin Chinese. For reasons unknown, he adopted or was given the Chinese name Hóng Rènhuī (洪任辉) and in 1739 departed for Bombay and other East India Company run locations. Three years later he returned to China to continue his language studies, for which, according to scholar H.B. Morse the Company provided funding. As a result, some 136 years after its foundation James Flint became the Company’s Chinese interpreter and the first such individual in British history. In 1741 he took up a position at the Company factory in Canton where he considered British trade unsatisfactory even though at that time it surpassed that of the French and the Dutch.
In 1746 Flint took passage on the Company ship "Tavistock" and became "Linguist to all our Supra Cargoes in general", receiving 90 taels of silver per ship and accommodation at the Company's factories.
During the War of the Austrian Succession (1740-1748) the Company remained comparatively powerful and expanded its business in China. Nevertheless, its trade volume still lagged behind that of its combined European competitors. Under these circumstances the Company became anxious to expand its trade into China’s interior. With trading conditions in Canton unsatisfactory, the British decided to reopen their former trade in Ningbo and other northern ports.
Flint Affair.
By the 1750s the British economy had undergone significant development such that Canton could no longer satisfy the trade volumes required by the East India Company. A group of foreign businessmen headed by Flint and already disgruntled by illegal extortion on the part of the Canton customs bureau stood ready to purchase large quantities of raw silk, tea and Nankeen cloth from their point of origin or a port nearby. Between 1755 and 1757, Flint and his associates made successive sea voyages north to trade at Ningbo in Zhejian Province.
Qing officials knew that allowing Sino-British commerce in Zhejiang would undoubtedly bring increased prosperity to the province and spur its development. However, given the length of time that foreign trade had been focused on Canton, a powerful interest group comprising the local Chinese merchants, customs officials and Qing scholar-bureaucrats had developed there. This faction enjoyed a monopoly on trade and its associated corruption and extortion from which it extracted the maximum benefit. They were naturally unwilling to allow any part of their interests in Canton to be transferred to the north. Meanwhile, Zhejiang possessed a number of potential foreign trade ports but opening them up would have the unsettling side effect of creating additional responsibility for local officials. As a result, Yang Yingju (:zh: 杨应琚), Governor-general of Min-Zhe and responsible for Zhejiang, lobbied officials in Beijing for a prohibition of trade in Ningbo.
In 1757, the Qianlong Emperor responded to pressure from his officials and implemented a new foreign trade policy whereby all ships from overseas were barred from every Chinese port with the exception of Canton. Known in Chinese as "Yī kŏu tōngshāng" (一口通商 "Single port commerce system"), the Canton System arose in part as a result of Flint's actions.
Flint's complaint in Tianjin.
With the East India Company unwilling to abide by this new prohibition, in May 1759 James Flint once again left Canton and sailed north for Ningbo. However, when he arrived in Dinghai (定海), at that time known as Chusan, he found a contingent of the Qing army waiting, who advised him to return south. The next month Flint left Dinghai but instead of returning to Canton he made straight for Tianjin, then known as Tientsin. On June24th, he arrived outside Tianjin and announced himself as an English official of the Fourth Grade ("sìpǐn", 四品), which would place him approximately half way down the hierarchy of Chinese officialdom.
He explained that he had previously traded in Guangdong and Macau but that the merchant Li Guanghua (黎光华) had not paid the silver he owed. Flint continued that he had complained to Li Yongbiao (李永标), the Guangdong Customs Supervisor ("Yuèyhǎi guānbù jiàn dù", 粵海关部监督) and Li Shiyao (李侍尧), the Governor-general of Liangguang but they both had refused to listen to his grievances so he came to Ningbo. Now, he said, at the behest of British Officials, he had come to Tianjin to request that his complaint be heard in Beijing. The Governor-general of Zhili, whose jurisdiction extended over Tianjin, then undertook to report Flint's complaint to Qianlong. Thus began a diplomatic incident that would become known as the "Flint Affair". On receipt of the complaint Qianlong responded:""This matter concerning a foreign barbarian and the State must be thoroughly investigated in accordance with the clear laws of the Celestial Empire".
The emperor went on to say that if Flint's complaint turned out to be true, Li Yongbiao and the others responsible would be publicly executed.
While Flint was back in Canton, the British merchant ship "Chesterfield" arrived in the waters off Zhejiang, but its offer to trade met with a blunt refusal. The vessel's captain then claimed that he needed to stay for a few days to repair the ship's sails but after a short standoff, the merchantman withdrew. Qianlong viewed the episode with suspicion he believed that the ship's arrival was connected with Flint's complaint, which would serve as a distraction while his co-conspirator aboard the "Chesterfield" tried to open the ports of Zhejiang to trade.
Qianlong's Decision.
Qianlong's doctrine in deciding Flint's case focused on three principles: if the complaint of extortion and corruption proved true, Li Yong Biao would be executed and the details made public; any Chinese "scoundrel" who had assisted the Englishman in writing his petition would be executed on the spot while he saw Flint's desire to travel from Canton to Tianjin to present a petition abhorrent he should refrain from informal criticism of state policy.
According to written testimony from Li Shiyao, Li Yongbiao had not embezzled any government funds and had purchased goods on his own account for which he had not received compensation. Nevertheless, some of his relatives had taken delivery of goods from foreign traders and failed to pay for them. After deciding that Li Youngbiao had been blackmailed by his relatives, Qianlong stripped him of his position and sent him into exile. Li's relatives, along with other implicated Guangdong customs officials, suffered varying degrees of punishment. The emperor further ruled that the Chinese authors of Flint's complaint were particularly heinous. After investigation and analysis of the document, Qianlong concluded that it had been written in collusion with a Sichuan merchant named Liu Yabian (刘亚匾) and subsequently edited by Fujianese Lin Huan (林怀), a translator in the employ of the East India Company's office in Batavia (now Jakarta, Indonesia). Qianlong then ordered Li Shibiao to gather the Hong merchants in Canton, whereupon Liu Yabian was publicly executed as an object lesson in what would happen to Chinese citizens who aided "barbarians".
Despite Lin Huan's remote location, Qianlong secured his return to face punishment and he too was executed. At the same time he issued orders for the apprehension and interrogation of any members of Lin's family attempting to leave the country. The effect of the order was such that residents along the coast no longer dared to use their familiar sea routes to Jakarta.
As for Flint, for the crime of "barbarian" collusion with Chinese "scoundrels" to create a petition that attempted to overthrow the single port trade system, Qianlong ordered the Englishman's imprisonment in Macau for the term of three years. Thereafter he would be deported from China and banished from the country for ever. Had it so wished, the East India Company could have secured Flint's release on payment of $1,250; they chose not to do so since it might encourage further exactions on the part of Chinese officials.
Aftermath.
In dealing with the seven specific complaints in Flint's petition, the Qing court outlawed the multiple forms of extortion in the form of gifts from merchants to officials known as "guīlǐ" (规礼) or "customary charges"; Chinese merchants owing the foreign traders silver would be pressured to pay; taxes due on the provisions aboard a foreign ship on departure would be abolished and the system of Chinese merchants standing surety for visiting traders would remain.
Although Qianlong's punishment of Li Yongbiao partially satisfied Flint's demands, forbidding extortion and the enforcing the rules of the merchant guarantee system hardly proved concessionary. Furthermore, Qianlong ordered the Grand Minister ("Dàchén",大臣) for Guangdong to inform the foreign traders that with all the rich produce available in China, there was no urgent need to acquire trifling products from abroad, a sentiment that he would echo several decades hence when he received the 1793 Macartney Embassy. The single port trading system based around Canton would remain in force, thus dashing Flint's hopes for the opening up of Zhejiang. Worse still, in order to keep a tighter rein on foreign traders in Canton, on 24December 1759 the Qing Court proclaimed the "Vigilance Towards Foreign Barbarian Regulations" ("Fángfàn wàiyí guītiáo", 防范外夷规条), also known as the ("Fáng yí wŭ shì", 防夷五事, literally, "Five counter-measures against the barbarians"), which amongst other things forbade foreign trade in the winter and forced western merchants to live in the Thirteen Factories.
After Flint's release he was taken to Whampoa where he boarded the Company ship "Horsenden" bound for England. In total, he earned £8,500 from 176066, £6,500 of which was from commission as a supercargo and £2,000 for "hardships suffered" including his imprisonment for three years between December 1759 and November 1762.
Introduction of the soy bean to North America.
During his years in China, Flint had ample opportunity to examine Chinese agriculture practices at first hand. As a result, on his return from the East he teamed up with fellow former East India Company employee Samuel Bowen, who he had met on board the Company ship "Success" back in 1759, to introduce the soya bean to North America. Bowen, possibly with funding from Flint, acquired land in Georgia where he produced soy sauce and soy vermicelli noodles. In 1770, Flint corresponded with noted U.S. statesman and scientist Benjamin Franklin on the subject of how the Chinese converted callivances (soya beans) into tofu.This is believed to be the first use of the word "tofu" in the English language 

</doc>
<doc id="9870769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870769" title="Italian Civil War">
Italian Civil War

The expression Italian Civil War is used to define the period between September 2, 1943, the date of the armistice of Cassibile, and May 8, 1945, the date of the unconditional surrender of Nazi Germany, including their allies in Italy.
On one side of the war were the forces of the fascist Italian Social Republic of Benito Mussolini, aligned with the Axis. On the other side were the Italian partisans, aided by the Allies with the remnants of the Italian Royal Army who were loyal to King Victor Emmanuel III. Some historians who have studied the Italian civil war have not restricted their analysis to the war itself, but to the consequences that it had on Italy after the surrender.
Use of the expression in history.
Due to the success of historian Claudio Pavone's famous book "Una guerra civile. Saggio storico sulla moralità della Resistenza" ("A Civil War. Historical Essay On the Morality Of the Resistance"), published in 1991, 
the term "Italian Civil War" became a widespread term used in Italian and international historiography. Although the term was used before, it was not until the early 1990s, after the publication of "Una guerra civile" that it became a widely accepted historical category.
Factions.
The many confrontations between the two factions resulted in the torture and killing of many civilians. During the Italian Campaign, partisans were supplied by Allied planes with small arms, ammunition and explosives. These air operational units were part of the RAF and USAAF. Allied command did not consider the use of Italian Co-Belligerent Air Force squadrons for this task, as requested by Italian Co-belligerent Armed Forces, due to the risk of confrontation between Italians. Allied forces and partisans cooperated on military missions, parachuting or landing personnel behind enemy lines, often including Italian–American members of OSS. Other operations were carried out exclusively by secret services members. Where possible, both sides avoided situations in which Italian units of opposite fronts were involved in combat episodes. In rare cases, clashes between Italians involved partisans and fascists of various armed formations.
Partisans.
The first groups of partisans were formed in Boves (Piedmont) and Bosco Martese (Abruzzo). Other groups composed mainly of Slavic and communist elements sprang up in Venezia Giulia. Others grew around Allied Yugoslav and Russian prisoners of war, released or escaped from captivity following the events of September 8. These first organized units dissolved in a short time because of the rapid German reaction. In Boves the Nazis committed their first massacre on Italian territory.
On September 8, hours after the radio communication of the armistice, several notable antifascist organizations converged on Rome. They were "Ivanoe Bonomi" (PDL), "Scoccimarro" and "Amendola" (PCI), "De Gasperi" (DC), "La Malfa and Fenoaltea" (PDA), "Nenni" and "Romita" (PSI), "Ruini" (DL), "Casati" (PLI). They formed the first Committee of National Liberation (CLN). Bonomi took over the presidency.
Of particular note, "Italian Communist Party" was anxious to take the initiative without waiting for the Allies:
The Allies did not believe in the effectiveness of local guerrillas, so that initially General Alexander postponed their attacks against the Nazis. On 16 October the CLN issued its first important political and operational press release, – which rejected the calls for reconciliation launched by Republican leaders. The CLN Milan called to arms, "the Italian people to fight against the German invaders and against the fascists that they are servants".
In late November, the Communists established task forces called "distaccamenti d'assalto Garibaldi" which later would become "brigades" and "divisions" whose leadership was entrusted to Luigi Longo, under the political direction of Pietro Secchia and Giancarlo Pajetta, Chief of Staff. The first operational order dated 25 November read:
Shortly after the Armistice, Italian Communist Party, the "Gruppi di Azione Patriottica" ("Patriotic Action Groups") or simply "GA", established small cells which operated independently of each other in case of arrest or betrayal of individual elements, whose main purpose was to unleash urban terror through bomb attacks against fascists, Germans, and their supporters. The success of these attacks led the German and Italian police to believe they were composed of foreign intelligence agents. A public announcement from the PCI in September 1943 stated:
Historical opinion has justified the action of GAP's mission as "justice" against Nazi tyranny and terror, with emphasis on the selection of targets: "the official, hierarchical collaborators, agents hired to denounce men of the Resistance and Jews, the Nazi police informants and law enforcement organizations of CSR", thus differentiating it from the Nazi terror. However, partisan memoirs insist on the "elimination of enemies especially heinous", such as torturers, spies, provocateurs." Some orders from branch command partisans insist on protecting the innocent, instead of providing lists of categories to be hit as individuals deserving of punishment. Part of the Italian press during the war agreed that murders were carried out of most moderate Republican fascists, willing to compromise and negotiate, such as , , and the philosopher Giovanni Gentile.
Women also participated in the resistance, mainly procuring supplies, clothing and medicines, anti-fascist propaganda, fundraising, maintenance of communications, partisan relays, participated in strikes and demonstrations against fascism. Some women actively in the conflict as combatants.
The first detachment of guerrilla fighters rose up in Piedmont in mid-1944 as the Garibaldi Brigade "Eusebio Giambone". Partisan forces varied by seasons, German and fascist repression and also by Italian topography, never exceeding 200,000 men actively involved, with an important support by residents of occupied territories. Nonetheless it was an important factor that immobilized a conspicuous part of German forces in Italy, and to keep German communication lines insecure.
Fascist forces.
When the Italian Resistance movement began following the armistice, various Italian soldiers of disbanded units and many young people not willing to be enrolled into fascist troops—some 60,000 soldiers—initially formed the army of Italian Social Republic (RSI), also named "republic of Salò" because the city hosted important offices of the republic. At first it was organized into four regular divisions ("1ª Divisione Bersaglieri Italia" - light infantry, "2ª Divisione Granatieri Littorio" - grenadiers, "3ª Divisione fanteria di marina San Marco" - marines, "4ª Divisione Alpina Monterosa" - mountain troops), together with various irregular formations and the fascist militia "Guardia Nazionale Repubblicana" (GNR), that would in 1944 pass to the control of the regular army.
The fascist republic was forced to fight with the partisans in order to keep control of the territory. The Fascists claimed 780,000 men. This is disputed and it is likely there were no more than 558,000. Partisans and their active supporters were up to 82.000 in June 1944.
In addition to regular units of the Republican Army and the Black Brigades, various special units of fascists were organized, often spontaneously at first and afterward from regular units that were part of the armed forces of Salò. These formations, composed mostly of criminals, often adopted brutal methods during counterinsurgency operations, repression, and counter-retaliation.
Among the first to form, there was the "banda" of the Federal Guido Bardi and William Pollastrini in Rome, whose coarse and vulgar methods shocked even the Germans. Later, in Rome the "Banda Koc" helped to dismantle the structure of the Partito d'Azione. The so-called "Koch Banda" led by Peter Koch, then under the protection of General Kurt Maltzer, military commander of the square, distinguished himself with violent methods against anti-fascist partisans. After the fall of Rome, Koch moved to Milan and having the confidence of the Minister of the Interior Guido Buffarini Guidi, continued his brutal repression of various police forces of the Republic. In Tuscany and Veneto he operated the "Banda Carità" a special unit constituted within the 92th Legion Blackshirts, which became famous for his violent repression, such as the killing of Piazza Tasso" in 1944 in Florence.
In Milan, the "Squadra d'azione" Ettore Muti (later Legion Autonomous Mobile Ettore Muti) operated under the orders of the former army corporal , already expelled from the PNF during the twenty years for embezzlement. Considering him dangerous to the public in November 1943, the Federal Aldo Resega wanted to depose him, but was killed by an attack of GAP; Colombo remained at his post, despite several complaints and inquiries. "Squadrists" of Muti together with the GNR were the perpetrators in August 10, 1944 for the massacre of Piazzale Loreto in Milan, whose victims were fifteen anti-fascist rebels designated in retaliation for an assault against a Nazi German truck. Following the massacre, the mayor and chief of the Province of Milan, , resigned in an attempt to strengthen the cohesion of moderate forces, undermined by the heavy German repression and various militias of Social Republic.
The chain of command of National Republican Army, comprised Marshal Graziani and his deputies Mischi and Montaigna. They controlled the repression and coordinated anti-partisan actions of the regular troops, the GNR, the Black Brigades and various semi-official police, together with the Germans, who were often provided information on individuals and groups of resistance fighters; Germans then made reprisals. The Republican Army was an operational tool also thanks to the famous and draconian " Graziani call-up" for conscription that impressed several thousand Italians. It should be noted though that "Graziani" were only nominally involved armed forces under the apolitical CSR, not by Republican Fascist Party, but the supreme command of the armed forces.
The civil war.
Prologue.
On July 25, 1943 Mussolini was deposed and arrested and King Victor Emmanuel III posed Pietro Badoglio as Prime Minister. At first Italian government declared the continuation of war together with the Axis, and some demonstrations of citizens exulting for the presumably regained liberty were repressed with violence. Italy surrendered to the Allies on September 8, and King Victor Emmanuel III left Rome with his Cabinet, leaving the Italian Royal Army without orders. Up to 600.000 Italian soldiers were taken as prisoners by the Nazis and the greatest part of them (about 95%) refused allegiance to the newly established Italian Social Republic (RSI), a fascist state with Benito Mussolini as Head of Government created on September 23. This was made possible by the German occupation of the greater part of the Italian peninsula with Operation Achse, planned and headed by Erwin Rommel. During this period, there were not only military and terrorist episodes, but political rivalries between the various components of the antifascist front. After the armistice with Italy, British forces had two perspectives: that of "liberals", who wanted to support the democratic parties to overthrow the monarchy, and that of Churchill, who had confidence in being able to benefit from a defeated enemy than from a true, even if newly recruited, allied one. The parties were reconstituted after September 8. Skeptics in collaboration with the monarchy, compromised as it was with the late regime, "even in this situation over the months the life of the parties was very difficult in the South during years 1943 and 1944 and above all, they (parties) were scarcely able to break through apathy that characterized local populations"; the rest of "the great majority of farmers referred to the parish structures". For these reasons, the remaining resources were concentrated in the propaganda among the masses in the Liberated Areas, the common denominator of losing fascist support. In confirmation of this phenomenon we can find the reports of the prefectures, where is demonstrated the recruitment of many former fascists in the ranks of newly constituted parties.
Events.
In various cases, fascist units disputed the control of territory with partisan units, and fascists often were sustained by German armed forces with air units, intelligence, and where possible tanks and infantry fighting vehicles. Fascists predominated in cities and plain zones, where heavy arms were proficiently used, while small units of partisans, tactically linked or acting in autonomy, were predominant in mountains where natural cover was possible and large formations could not maneuver with the necessary cohesion to overwhelm the enemy.
Many episodes of violence followed, even sometimes involving fascists against fascists and partisans against partisans. Well known among these is Porzûs massacre, where some communist partisans of the division "Natisone" (the SAP brigade "13 martiri di Feletto"), attached to the Yugoslavian XI Corpus by orders of Togliatti, after reaching the command of an Osoppo Brigade (there were many brigades under this name, with a territorial unified command, in Friuli), massacred 20 partisans and a woman, with the motivation that "they were German spies." Among these, there was the commander Francesco De Gregori, uncle of famous Italian singer Francesco De Gregori, and Gastone Valente, commissioner of the brigade.
The end.
Fascist forces surrendered on May 2, 1945, following Germany's surrender to the Allies.
Consequences of the war.
Following the end of the civil war, many soldiers, executives and sympathizers of the fascist "Repubblica Sociale" were subjected to quick show trials and executed. Others were killed without a proper trial. Civilians were killed too and among them there were also people who were wrongly accused of being collaborators by people who wanted to take revenge on them because of private grudges. Minister of Interior Mario Scelba estimated the victims of these executions to be 732, but historians dispute this estimate. German historian Hans Woller writes about 12,060 killed in 1945 and 6,027 in 1946. Ferruccio Parri said in an interview that there were possibly about 30,000 victims.
Violence decreased after an amnesty was issued on behalf of the Italian government with the so-called "Togliatti amnesty" in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="9870778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870778" title="Otto Brusiin">
Otto Brusiin

Otto Brusiin (1906-1973) was a leading Finnish teacher of law. He taught at Helsinki from 1949 on before he was made assistant professor at Helsinki in 1955 and professor at Turku in 1961.
Recorded to have been a stirring teacher, Brusiin was also widely connected abroad. In 1957, he was made first vice president of the International Association of Legal and Social Philosophy.
The focus of his work was on legal history and Roman law. His thought was influenced by modern philosophical anthropology and a sociological interpretation of law. For Brusiin, a legal norm can only be understood as a part of the society that produced it.

</doc>
<doc id="9870782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870782" title="Mehdi Huseynzade">
Mehdi Huseynzade

Lieutenant Mehdi Huseynzade (; ; December 22, 1918, Novxanı, Azerbaijan – November 2, 1944, Vitovlje, Slovenia) was an Azerbaijani guerrilla and scout during World War II. He was posthumously awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union on April 11, 1957.
Biography.
Early years.
Mehdi Huseynzade was born on 22 December 1918 in the village of Novxanı in the Baku province of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. Huseynzade graduated from the Baku Art School, then studied at the Saint Petersburg Institute of Foreign Languages. After returning to Baku in 1940, Huseynzade continued his education at the Azerbaijan University of Languages.
World War II.
In August 1941, two months after Germany invaded the Soviet Union, Huseynzade was drafted into the Red Army. After graduating from the Tbilisi military infantry school in 1942, he was dispatched to the Soviet-German front line, where he commanded a mortar platoon during the Battle of Stalingrad.
In August 1942, near the town of Kalach-na-Donu, Huseynzade was seriously wounded and captured by the Germans. He spent the 1.5 years in the German PoW camps in Northern Italy and Yugoslavia. In the early 1944, along with two other Azerbaijani POWs, Javad Hakimli and Asad Gurbanov, Huseynzade managed to escape and join the Yugoslav-Italian guerilla corps. During the same year, he became a commander of the special reconnaissance diversionary unit of the 11th Corps' Staff of the People's Liberation Army of Yugoslavia, where he got his nickname "Mikhailo".
Guerrilla Mikhailo.
In the middle of January 1944, Mikhailo with the fighters has grasped topographic maps of the opponent. Next month Mehdi in the form of the German officer has made way into German barracks and, having enclosed a mine to fire extinguishers, had blown up the central premise.
On April 2, 1944, Huseynzade with another Azerbaijani guerrilla, Mirdamat Seidov, installed a delayed-action mine in the "Opchina" cinema in Trieste. The explosion killed 80 and wounded 260 Germans, of which 40 died later in hospital. At the end of April 1944, Huseynzade, Hans Fritz and Ali Tagiyev blew up a bridge near the Postayno railway station, which led to a 24-car train crash. In May, Huseynzade and Seidov blew up a casino, where 150 German officers died and 350 were wounded. Growing concerned about these attacks, Germans set a reward of 400,000 Italian liras for killing Huseynzade.
Death.
On November 2, 1944, returning from a successfully executed mission to destroy a German ammunition depot, Mikhailo stumbled upon a German ambush near the town of Vitovlje, Slovenia. After an unequal scramble with German forces, killing 25 of them, Huseynzade ran out of bullets and used the last one to kill himself.
Awards and honors.
His life and heroism during World War II was described in Imran Gasimov's book On Distant Shores ("Uzaq sahillərdə"), and the movie made in Soviet years by "Azerbaijanfilm" movie studio. A football stadium in Sumgayit was named after him. Monuments in his honour have been erected in Baku, as well as in his hometown of Novkhany, Azerbaijan, and near Nova Gorica, Slovenia.
Family.
Mehdi Husein-Zade had two sisters — Bikya Khanum and Huriet. Nephew Agshin Alizadeh became well-known Soviet and Azerbaijani composer, People's Artist of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="9870819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870819" title="Vecoli">
Vecoli

Vecoli is the surname of an Italian family of composers and musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="9870832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870832" title="Pashtun Zarghun District">
Pashtun Zarghun District

Pashtun Zarghun District ( / ), formerly known as Posht-e Zirghān or Posht-e Zirghūn (), is situated in the central part of Herat Province, Afghanistan in the valley of the Hari River. The district center is Pashtun Zarghun.
Geography.
Pashtun Zarghun District borders Karukh District to the North, Obe District to the east, Adraskan District to the south and Guzara District to the west.
Population.
The estimated population of Khoshi District in 2008 was roughly 90,817.
Education.
In 2008, there were around 4 high schools and 20 secondary schools in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="9870834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870834" title="Perception of Reality">
Perception of Reality

Perception of Reality was the 4th studio album by hard rock band Takara released in 2001 on Lion Music & Saraya Recordings. It is their first album without vocalist Jeff Scott Soto.

</doc>
<doc id="9870874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870874" title="Adelasia of Torres">
Adelasia of Torres

Adelasia (1207–1259), eldest child of Marianus II of Logudoro by Agnes of Massa, daughter of William I of Cagliari, and successor of her brother, Barisone III, in 1236, was the Judge of Logudoro from 1236 and Judge of Gallura from 1238.
__TOC__
Biography.
By a pact signed between her father, who had interests in Gallura, and Gallurese judge, the Pisan Lamberto Visconti in November 1218, Adelasia first married the heir of Gallura, Lamberto's son Ubaldo II in 1219. Pope Honorius III, enemy of the Pisans, immediately sent his chaplain Bartolomeo to annul the marriage, but he failed and the pact between Pisa and Logudoro stood.
Ubaldo inherited the Giudicato of Gallura in 1225. Marianus died in 1232 and, by his will, was succeeded by his son Barisone III. Upon Barisone's death (1236) without heirs, also as stipulated by Marianus' will, the Logudorese magnates elected one of his daughters, Adelasia or Benedetta, to inherit. They unanimously acclaimed Adelasia, whose husband could well uphold her right. So they in turn elected him judge as well. In 1237, Pope Gregory IX sent his chaplain Alexander to Torres to receive recognition from Adelasia of papal suzerainty over Logudoro, as well as the lands she inherited from her grandfather William of Cagliari, in Pisa, Massa, and Corsica. At the palace of Ardara, in the presence of the Camaldolese abbot and monks of S. Trinità di Saccargia, she made the oath of vassalage and Ubaldo affirmed it, giving over the castle of Monte Acuto to the bishop of Ampurias as a guarantee of his good faith. Ubaldo did not, however, recognise any authority over Gallura other than the ancient authority of the Pisan archdiocese.
By Ubaldo's will, drawn up in January 1237 at Silki, Gallura was to be inherited by his cousin John Visconti. Peter II of Arborea became Adelasia's protector. She remarried quickly to Guelfo dei Porcari, a person devoted to the Holy See. He did not live long after, though. At that time, the Doria family of Genoa, Pisa's main rival, convinced the Emperor Frederick II to marry his bastard son Enzo to Adelasia and create a Kingdom of Sardinia. Enzo arrived from Cremona in October the same year as Ubaldo's death and the two were married and titled King and Queen of Sardinia. Enzo left for the peninsula in July 1239 and never returned, being taken prisoner by the Guelphs, an imprisonment which was to prove lifelong. In 1245 or 1246, the marriage was annulled.
After this date, Adelasia, saddened and tired of active government and retired to her castle of Goceano. She died in 1259, without heirs, and her territory was divided amongst the Doria, Malaspina, and Spinola families, who all held it from Genoa. The neighbourging Giudicato of Arborea succeeded in taking some land. Sassari expelled its Pisan governor with the support of the Doria, refortified its defences, and adopted a republican model of government in alliance with Genoa, which sent an annual "podestà".

</doc>
<doc id="9870892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870892" title="Iraota timoleon">
Iraota timoleon

The Silverstreak Blue, "Iraota timoleon" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9870912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870912" title="Amblypodia anita">
Amblypodia anita

The Purple Leaf Blue, "Amblypodia anita" (sometimes simply called Leaf Blue) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9870916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870916" title="Insular Region (Colombia)">
Insular Region (Colombia)

The Insular Region of Colombia includes the oceanic islands outside of the continental territories. In the Caribbean this includes the San Andrés and Providencia Islands near the coast of Nicaragua and the many coastal islands along mainland Colombia. In the Pacific is includes Gorgona Island and Malpelo Island. The ecosystems and wildlife found on these island are respective to the mainland areas they are near to. For example, the terrestrial habitat on Gorgona Island is tropical rainforest similar to what is found in the Pacific lowlands.

</doc>
<doc id="9870923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870923" title="Terrell Stone">
Terrell Stone

Terrell Stone is an American lutenist and recording artist. He is a longtime resident of Italy, where he currently holds the position of a Professor of lute.
He began his musical studies in the United States, dedicating himself to the study of the lute since 1974. Beginning in 1978 he studied at the "Schola Cantorum Basiliensis" in Basel, Switzerland under Eugene Dombois and Hopkinson Smith and in Paris, France under Frank Eyler.
He completed his lute studies at the Italian State Conservatory "F. E. Dall'Abaco" in Verona under the guidance of Orlando Cristoforetti.
For many years he has performed as a soloist and has participated in important music festivals in North and South America, Europe and the Middle East. He is also very active as a chamber musician, performing basso continuo on the archlute and theorbo.
Stone has recorded for television, radio and recording companies and has over thirty recordings to his credit. His solo recordings include a compact disc of the solo music of Johann Paul Schiffelholz (misattributed to Giuseppe Antonio Brescianello) for gallichon, a 3 CD box set containing partitas composed by Silvius Leopold Weiss for baroque lute from the Warsaw manuscript, and a CD containing music of 16th century Paduan lute composers recorded in the famous anatomical theater of the "Università degli Studi di Padova" (University of Padua).
During his over 25 years of residency in Italy, Stone has taught lute at the Conservatory "Santa Cecilia" in Rome, at the Conservatory “N. Piccini” in Bari and is presently Professor of lute and President of the Early Music Department at the Conservatory “A. Pedrollo” in Vicenza.
In addition to his performing, recording, and teaching activities, Stone has edited several modern editions of music for lute and has
conducted research and has written scholarly articles concerning Silvius Leopold Weiss. He has given seminars and master classes in the United States, Germany, Italy, Denmark and Mexico, and participated in the development of the MacOS9 computer program 'Tastar de Corde', used for writing lute tablature and transcribing it to modern notation.

</doc>
<doc id="9870932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870932" title="Gerry Hand">
Gerry Hand

Gerard Leslie Hand (born 30 June 1942) is a former Australian politician, who was a Labor member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the seat of Melbourne. He was Minister for Aboriginal Affairs in the Third Hawke Ministry, and Minister for Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic Affairs in the Fourth Hawke Ministry and First Keating Ministry.
Minister for Aboriginal Affairs.
As Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, Hand notably clashed with the Secretary of the Department of Aboriginal Affairs, outspoken Aboriginal activist Charles Perkins, and Perkins resigned from the department in 1988 after being accused of misadministration.
Minister for Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic Affairs.
Gerry Hand was the immigration minister who, in 1992, introduced the controversial policy of mandatory detention for illegal arrivals and asylum seekers.
I believe it is crucial that all persons who come to Australia without prior authorisation not be released into the community. Their release would undermine the Government's strategy for determining their refugee claims or entry claims. Indeed, I believe it is vital to Australia that this be prevented as far as possible. The Government is determined that a clear signal be sent that migration to Australia may not be achieved by simply arriving in this country and expecting to be allowed into the community.
Since retiring from politics in 1993, Hand has represented Australia before the United Nations High Commission for Refugees and a round table discussion on refugees organised by the Government of Thailand. He is also a member of the Immigration Detention Advisory Group, providing advice to the Minister for Immigration and Citizenship on the services, accommodation and amenities at the immigration detention centres.

</doc>
<doc id="9870941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870941" title="Albuquerque Air Route Traffic Control Center">
Albuquerque Air Route Traffic Control Center

Albuquerque Air Route Traffic Control Center (ZAB) is located at 8000 Louisiana Boulevard, Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States. The Albuquerque ARTCC is one out of 22 Air Route Traffic Control Centers in the United States.
The primary responsibility is the separation of overflights, and the expedited sequencing of arrivals and departures along STARs (Standard Terminal Arrival Routes) and SIDs (Standard Instrument Departures) for the airspace over most of Arizona and New Mexico, as well as parts of California, Colorado, Oklahoma, and Texas.
KZAB covers an area that includes one "class Bravo" airport.
KZAB also includes four "class Charlie" airports.
Subdivision.
KZAB's airspace is divided both geographically and altitudinally.
KZAB's primary subdivisions are known as specialties. There are five different specialties known as the North, East, Southeast, Southwest and Northwest. Each specialty is broken down further into 7 or 8 sectors.
By altitude, KZAB comprises 7 ultra-high sectors, 16 high-altitude sectors, 13 low-altitude sectors, and 3 low-high sectors. The vertical strata of these sectors vary greatly depending on the geographic location covered and the variety of traffic the controllers work.

</doc>
<doc id="9870960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870960" title="Battle of Saumur (1940)">
Battle of Saumur (1940)

The Battle of Saumur occurred during the last stages of the Battle of France during World War II, when officer cadets from the Cavalry School at Saumur, led by superintendent Colonel Michon, made a defensive stand along the Loire River at Saumur and Gennes. For two days the Cavalry School, and other assorted units which had fallen back before the German advance, held off a German attack. Since the battle occurred after the message by Marshal Pétain which called for an end to fighting (on 17 June 1940), the event is often considered one of the first acts of the French Resistance.
Prelude.
By coincidence, the German troops advancing into the area were from the 1st Cavalry Division (Germany), a horseborne unit. The battle therefore set graduates of the German cavalry school against the cadets from the French cavalry school. The Germans had 10,000 troops, modern tanks, armoured cars, artillery and the usual divisional equipment, whereas the French troops comprised 800 cadets, their teachers, and any retreating men that could be collected to add to the defense. The cadets took up defensive positions with 10 old 25 mm guns, 35 machine guns, four 81 mm mortars, seven 60 mm mortars, five small World War I-era tanks, three armoured cars and two 75 mm artillery pieces covering four bridges and of the south bank of the Loire on 18 June 1940.
Battle.
The Germans arrived at the river at Saumur just before midnight on 18 June riding motorcycles with sidecars followed by armoured cars. A 25 mm gun manned by Cadet Hoube scored the first hit; by next morning he had hit seven tanks and two armoured cars. It was the start of the battle that was to continue until 20 June. The French blew the Pont Napoleon at Saumur, and the railway bridge to the east. The Germans brought up artillery and 2,000 shells hit Saumur over the next two days.
At Gennes, to the west of Saumur, as German scouts arrived the suspension bridge was also blown, however on the evening of 19 June, 50 German troop carriers arrived packed with assault troops who then assaulted the island in the river using rubber boats, but were repelled. Early next morning, having been reinforced and with artillery support, the Germans used rafts and boats to overwhelm the few defenders whose ammunition had run out, however they were unable to cross from the island to the south bank of the Loire, which was still strongly defended by the cadets.
To the east of Saumur, the Germans tried another 5:00 am crossing, and despite losses, managed to obtain a foothold on the south bank, but were held back from advancing on Saumur by the Saumur cadets, and reinforcements from the infantry cadet school that had just arrived to help.
Other Germans moving further west towards Angers managed to find a point at which they could force a crossing against a different French defending unit and captured the city of Angers, to the east, the Germans had also managed to cross the river towards Tours and were advancing south and circling behind Saumur. The German commander gave an order to disengage from the Saumur fight, as it was easier to bypass the town rather than continue against the stiff resistance and incur more heavy losses.
An armistice had been agreed on 19 June, however, it was not signed until 22 June at Compiègne. Meanwhile, late on 20 June, Colonel Michon decided the cadets could no longer hold Saumur and withdrew them south.
Max Hastings in All Hell Let Loose describes the battle in great detail and focuses on Colonel Michon who he calls 'an old war horse' somewhat affectionately.
Aftermath.
The Germans entered Saumur on the morning of 21 June 1940, where they would remain until the liberation of the town in August 1944 by the forces of an ex-student of the school, General George S. Patton, who had been studying there in 1912. The German commander, General Kurt Feldt, praised the resistance of the students in his after action report, in which he was the first to call them "cadets of Saumur". The 218 students captured by the Germans were released in the following days instead of being interned. The school was Mentioned in Despatches at the Order of the Army by General Maxime Weygand. The town of Saumur was awarded the Croix de Guerre with palm, the citation referring to the town being a symbol of French patriotism.
Among the French soldiers killed was the organist and composer Jehan Alain.

</doc>
<doc id="9870969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870969" title="Thaduka multicaudata">
Thaduka multicaudata

The Many-tailed Oak-Blue, "Thaduka multicaudata" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9870978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870978" title="European Gemological Laboratory (USA)">
European Gemological Laboratory (USA)

The European Gemological Laboratory (USA) or EGL USA is an independent gemstone grading organization. Originally the "EGL USA" was a part of the European EGL which was founded in 1974. In 1986 EGL USA became independent of the European organization, and today is not affiliated with other EGL laboratories. 

</doc>
<doc id="9870996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9870996" title="At Home with Gary Sullivan">
At Home with Gary Sullivan

At Home with Gary Sullivan is a weekly home improvement talk radio program hosted by Gary Sullivan. The program is distributed by Premiere Networks.
Availability.
The program is syndicated to radio stations around the United States. It is also available on XM Satellite Radio.
The program is available as a podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="9871007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871007" title="Arhopala amantes">
Arhopala amantes

The Large Oakblue, "Arhopala amantes" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
Arhopala amantes is largest lycanid in Sri Lanka.It's surprisingly inconspicuous on the wing despite the brilliant metallic blue markings on its upper side. 
In the female, the blue scales are restricted to the center and basal part of both wings; 
the outer margins are marked by a wide black band.
It is a butterfly of the canopy of small trees, occasionally coming down to settle on shrubs and low bushes. 
It flies about a great deal during the day but often with long periods of resting in between flights. 
To rest, it usually selects a leaf exposed to full sun at a considerable height above ground. 
The eggs are laid on the leaves of "Syzygium" spp.The larvae and pupae are always attended by red ants.
It is not endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="9871019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871019" title="Tippecanoe and Tyler Too">
Tippecanoe and Tyler Too

"Tippecanoe and Tyler Too", originally published as "Tip and Ty", was a very popular and influential campaign song of the Whig Party's colorful Log Cabin Campaign in the 1840 United States presidential election. Its lyrics sang the praises of Whig candidates William Henry Harrison (the "hero of Tippecanoe") and John Tyler, while denigrating incumbent Democrat Martin Van Buren.
Irwin Silber, the leading authority on the genre, has written that the song "firmly established the power of singing as a campaign device" in the United States, and that this and the other songs of 1840 represent a "Great Divide" in the development of American campaign music. The "North American Review" at the time even remarked that the song was, "in the political canvas of 1840 what the 'Marseillaise' was to the French Revolution. It sang Harrison into the presidency."
Today, however, the slogan "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too" is better remembered than the song itself.
Origin.
The song was written by Alexander Coffman Ross, a jeweler of Zanesville, Ohio, in 1840, to the music of the minstrelsy song, "Little Pigs". He first performed it at a Whig meeting in Zanesville, and it came to national attention when, traveling on a business trip, he introduced it to a Whig rally in New York. Ross apparently never copyrighted the song.
"Little Pigs" itself is not well documented, but the available evidence suggests that there was a substantial adaptation of the score for "Tip and Ty".
A historical society in Madison, Wisconsin, claimed that that a local, the young nephew of future U.S. Supreme Court justice Levi Woodbury, wrote the first verses of the song and that its premiere performance at a Whig rally came at the suggestion of Woodbury himself. Woodbury was, however, by all accounts a Democrat, not a Whig, and was in fact serving as Secretary of the Treasury under Martin Van Buren at the time.
There were many variations on the song published at the time, especially ones with new verses. It has been called a "satirical, expandable text that permitted, nay urged, singers to add their own lines".
Lyrics.
Ross's version has twelve verses and a rousing chorus. There is repeated reference to rolling balls and constant motion, and rolling "great canvas balls" became a physical prop in the campaign pageantry, alongside the better-known log cabins and hard cider barrels.
The song's appeal has been compared to that of a great pop novelty song, as against the relative seriousness of most campaign songs.
Martin Van Buren is derided as "Little Van" and "Little Matty" and his supporters as "Vanjacks". These are contrasted with the rustic virtues of Harrison and the inevitability of his victory throughout the states.
The refrain "For Tippecanoe and Tyler too" is highly euphonious: it exhibits a triple alliteration, an internal rhyme, and nearly forms an iambic tetrameter.
Modern recordings.
The song was part of the 1968 Off-Broadway musical "How to Steal an Election" and its cast album, with music and lyrics adapted by folk singer Oscar Brand.
The song has been recorded in a traditional form at least twice; in 1978 by Peter Janovsky on the album "Winners and Losers: Campaign Songs from the Critical Elections in American History, Vol. 1" for Folkways Records, and in 1999 by Oscar Brand on the album "Presidential Campaign Songs: 1789 – 1996" for Smithsonian Folkways Recordings, the successor label to Folkways Records.
The band They Might Be Giants recorded an alternative rock version of the song for the 2004 compilation album "Future Soundtrack for America", using a three verse lyric as adapted by Oscar Brand (from the first, eighth and second verses in Ross's original). Appropriately enough, the compilation was a benefit album for political causes relating to that year's election. John Flansburgh of They Might be Giants has remarked on the song's historical success as "the 'Rock Around the Clock' of campaign songs" and "the 'I Want to Hold Your Hand' of campaign songs."

</doc>
<doc id="9871023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871023" title="Ricky Blitt">
Ricky Blitt

Richard Micha "Ricky" Blitt is a screenwriter, executive producer, show creator, and voice actor based in West Hollywood, California.
Early in his career, Blitt was a writer on "The Parent Hood", "The Jeff Foxworthy Show", "The Jon Stewart Show", "On the Record with Bob Costas", "Costas Now", and "Brotherly Love". In 1999, he became the co-executive producer and a screenwriter for the animated show "Family Guy". In 2005, Ricky Blitt wrote the screenplay of The Ringer. In 2007, he created and was the producer of "The Winner". Blitt also owns the production company "Candy Bar Productions". He voiced Steve Smith in the pilot episode for the animated show "American Dad!", but was replaced by Scott Grimes in the actual series.
In 2010, he created a TV series, "Romantically Challenged" starring Alyssa Milano, which ran from April 19, 2010 to May 17, 2010 on ABC.
Personal life.
Blitt is Canadian, raised in Côte Saint-Luc, Quebec, a municipality on the Island of Montreal. He is a graduate of McGill University and attended the AFI Conservatory. His older brother is magazine illustrator Barry Blitt.

</doc>
<doc id="9871094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871094" title="Arhopala abseus">
Arhopala abseus

The Aberrant Oakblue or Aberrant Bushblue (Arhopala abseus) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9871104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871104" title="Sharon Beder">
Sharon Beder

Sharon Beder is a professor in the Faculty of Arts at the University of Wollongong in New South Wales, Australia. Her research has focussed on how power relationships are maintained and challenged, particularly by corporations and professions. She has written 10 books, and many articles, book chapters and conference papers, as well as designing teaching resources and educational websites.
Training.
Professor Beder initially trained and worked as a civil engineer before becoming interested in the social, political and philosophical aspects of engineering and then environmental politics. She completed a PhD in Science and Technology Studies at the University of NSW in 1989 based on research into the process of engineering decision-making using a case study on the development of Sydney's sewerage system.
Appointments.
Before joining the University of Wollongong in 1992, Beder was Environmental Education Co-ordinator at the University of Sydney. She has also been Chairperson of the Environmental Engineering Branch of the Institution of Engineers, Sydney, President of the Society for Social Responsibility in Engineering, and a director of the Earth Foundation Australia.
Awards.
Professor Beder was included in a list of "Australia's most influential engineers", published by "Engineers Australia" in 2004. She was also included in "Bulletin Magazine's" "Smart 100" in 2003. Awards received include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9871107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871107" title="Abramo dall'Arpa">
Abramo dall'Arpa

Abramo dall'Arpa (died 1566) was an Italian harpist and the likely grandfather of Abramino dall'Arpa. In 1542, he played the part of Pan in a dramatic production at the court of Mantua. He continued to serve the court under Guglielmo I Gonzaga in the 1550s and 1560s. Around 1560, Ferdinand I asked him to come to Vienna, where he instructed the Emperor's children in music.

</doc>
<doc id="9871112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871112" title="2007 New Zealand rugby league season">
2007 New Zealand rugby league season

The 2007 New Zealand rugby league season was the 100th season of rugby league that had been played in New Zealand. The main feature of the year was the eighth season of the Bartercard Cup competition that was run by the New Zealand Rugby League. The Auckland Lions won the Cup by defeating Harbour League 28-4 in the Grand Final.
International competitions.
The New Zealand Kiwis played one test match in New Zealand, losing to Australia. They then embarked on the 2007 All Golds Tour to celebrate the centenary of international rugby league. The touring squad was coached by Gary Kemble and included: Louis Anderson, captain Roy Asotasi, Luke Covell, Greg Eastwood, David Faiumu, Dene Halatau, Shontayne Hape, Lance Hohaia, Krisnan Inu, Shaun Kenny-Dowall, Epalahame Lauaki, Thomas Leuluai, Jeff Lima, Simon Mannering, Steve Matai, Fuifui Moimoi, Sam Perrett, Frank Pritchard, Sam Rapira, Ben Roberts, Jeremy Smith, Jeremy Smith, Chase Stanley, Clinton Toopi, Taniela Tuiaki, Tame Tupou and Paul Whatuira. In addition Nigel Vagana, Clinton Toopi, Stacey Jones, Ruben Wiki, Steve Price, Ali Lauitiiti, David Kidwell, Jason Cayless and Awen Guttenbeil played for the All Golds in a celebration match. Wayne Bennett coached the All Golds side. 
Earlier in the year the Kiwis had lost the ANZAC Test 6-30. Jake Webster, Manu Vatuvei, Benji Marshall, Nathan Cayless, Sonny Bill Williams, Tony Puletua, David Fa'alogo and Iosia Soliola played in the ANZAC Test but did not tour at the end of the year.
The amateur Irish Wolfhounds toured New Zealand in May-June, defeating Bay of Plenty but losing to Whangerei Marists and Auckland Marists. They were coached by ex-pat Tony Benson.
National competitions.
Rugby League Cup.
The Hawke's Bay defeated Gisborne Tairawhiti 58-6 on 15 September 2007. Canterbury B then defeated the Hawke's Bay to win the Rugby League Cup. The Hawke's Bay Unicorns included Elijah Niko.
Bartercard Cup.
The 2007 season was the eighth and final season of the Bartercard Cup run by the New Zealand Rugby League. From 2008 onwards the NZRL was to revert to a more traditional provincial competition.
There were no major team changes however the Tamaki Leopards were renamed the Tamaki Titans and the Auckland Lions also fielded a team in the NSWRL Premier League. As a result less players from the New Zealand Warriors featured in the Bartercard Cup.
A Saturday double header took place each weekend with one game screened live on Māori Television and the other one delayed on a Sunday. This replaced 2006's Monday Night Football, a move welcomed by Canterbury Bulls head coach Brent Stuart. The double header was held at either Mt Smart Stadium or North Harbour Stadium each weekend. There was only one Split Round (Round Eight over Queens Birthday Weekend) which meant the Grand Final was played in September.
The Playoffs.
The Bartercard Cup used the Page-McIntyre system in 2007. In the major semi-final at Waitemata Stadium, between the Auckland Lions and Harbour League the scores were tied at 40 all after normal time and 2 further periods of extra time. The game proceeded to go on for another 17 minutes and 16 seconds before Auckland finally scored the winning try. NZRL management believed that no game of rugby league has ever lasted that long, or at least certainly in modern times. 
Provincial tour.
Auckland conducted a Queen's Birthday weekend tour of the South Island. Team team was coached by Sam Panapa. The team defeated a West Coast Invitational XIII 26-20 and Canterbury 28-24.
South Island Zone Competition.
The Southland Rams, Canterbury B, West Coast and Otago played a four team tournament in September and October.
National Club Competition.
The Wainuiomata Lions defeated the Papakura Sea Eagles 48-26 in the Grand Final of the National Club Competition. Wainuiomata defeated Manurewa 40-18 in a semi final while Papakura defeated Kaiapoi 48-22.
Australian competitions.
The New Zealand Warriors competed in the National Rugby League competition. They finished 4th out of 16 teams before losing to North Queensland in the Semi Finals. 
The Auckland Lions competed in the NSWRL Premier League and finished 10th out of 13 teams.
Club competitions.
Auckland.
The Manurewa Marlins won the Fox Memorial trophy, defeating the Papakura Sea Eagles 28-20 in extra time in the grand final. Papakura had finished the season as minor premiers. Richmond won the Stormont Shield. 
The Northcote Tigers won the Sharman Cup (Division Two) while Ponsonby won the Phelan Shield (Division Three).
Wellington.
The Wainuiomata Lions were coached by John Lomax. David Lomax stepped in as caretaker coach when his brother was unavailable.
The Wellington Rugby League board was given full control of its own competition on 1 April after being "in review" by the New Zealand Rugby League since January 2003.
Canterbury.
Kaiapoi won the Canterbury Rugby League title.
Other Competitions.
The Taniwharau Rugby League Club were the Waicoa Bay minor premiers and went on to win the grand final, defeating Turangawaewae. Taniwharau went through the season undefeated.
The Kia Ora Warriors defeated the Waitara Bears 29-20 in the Western Alliance grand final.

</doc>
<doc id="9871120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871120" title="Stripling">
Stripling

Stripling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9871129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871129" title="Arhopala atrax">
Arhopala atrax

The Dark Broken-band Oakblue or Indian Oakblue (Arhopala atrax) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9871143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871143" title="Minneapolis (disambiguation)">
Minneapolis (disambiguation)

Minneapolis is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Minneapolis may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9871150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871150" title="Pashtun Zarghun">
Pashtun Zarghun

Pashtun Zarghun is located at 1042 m altitude at the center of the Pashtun Zarghun District and is situated in its central part.

</doc>
<doc id="9871169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871169" title="Arhopala centaurus">
Arhopala centaurus

The Centaur Oakblue or Dull Oakblue (Arhopala centaurus) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9871180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871180" title="Joe Ulrich">
Joe Ulrich

Joe Ulrich is a retired U.S. soccer defender. He won the 1982 Hermann Trophy as that year's top collegiate soccer player. He also played three seasons in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
Youth and college.
Ulrich attended Arlington High School. After graduating from high school, Ulrich played soccer at Ulster County Community College in New York for two years before transferring to Duke University in 1981. While at Duke University, he played on the school’s men's soccer team in 1981 and 1982. In 1981, he was named the ACC Player of the Year. In 1982, the Blue Devils went to the NCAA Championship game where it lost to Indiana in eight overtimes. That year, Ulrich won the Hermann Trophy as the top collegiate player of the year. In his two years at Duke, he scored 13 goals, despite playing as a defender. In 1999, Duke inducted Ulrich into its Athletic Hall of Fame.
Professional.
In December 1982, the Chicago Sting drafted Ulrich in the first round of the North American Soccer League draft, but did not sign Ulrich. That year, the New York Arrows drafted Ulrich in the first round (12th overall) of the Major Indoor Soccer League college draft. The Arrows signed Ulrich for $28,000 per year for two years. He spent two seasons with the Arrows, until they folded at the end of the 1983-1984 season. He then signed as a free agent with the Dallas Sidekicks on September 11, 1984. He appeared in only sixteen games with the Sidekicks during the 1984-1985 season before the team released him on March 7, 1985.
Post playing career.
After retiring from playing professionally, Ulrich was hired by IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9871185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871185" title="Landing Stripling">
Landing Stripling

Landing Stripling is a 1962 Tom and Jerry cartoon made in 1961 and directed by Gene Deitch and produced by William L. Snyder. It is the sixth of the thirteen cartoons made in the present-day Czech Republic.
Plot.
Tom tries to catch a bird but Jerry does everything he can to protect the bird
Summary.
Tom and Jerry are sleeping outside during the day when a yellow bird wearing a red helmet lands on Tom, waking him up. Although the warbling bird brushes Tom's torso off and reacts politely like "pardon me", Tom goes after the bird, catches it, and proceeds to beat it up.
Jerry wakes up hearing this and goes after Tom by tying a string to his tail, throwing the string over a tree then tying the other end to a telephone pole. After this, he cuts the pole and tips it enough to lift Tom up into the tree. The bird and Jerry then fill a large tub with water, put it on an outside fireplace, light a fire underneath, then the bird loosens the string and lets Tom sling-shot into the tub, where he splashes around yelling, jumps out and bounces away and back (with funny "boing boing" sounds). The bird and Jerry laugh at the fact Tom looks bottomless.
Tom grabs the hose and chases Jerry and the bird into the mousehole and with a nasty chuckle, tries flooding them out, but Jerry and the bird stop the hose with a mousetrap until the water backs up enough and the bird comes out and pops the hose, leaving Tom tied up in the hose.
Tom then tries catching the bird on an electrical wire and almost electricutes himself, then falls off into a wheelbarrow and into a shed, where he gets an idea. He turns himself into some kind of bird then climbs a tree, but before he could take off, Jerry brings an electric oscillating fan over, turns it on, and Tom loses his balance, falls off and bounces away.
Next, Tom returns to the house with a box saying DANGER. We find out it's a cannon, and while he is trying to take aim at the bird, Jerry sneaks down, drills a hole in the missile, then ties Tom's tail in it, so when he fires the missile, he is taken with it into a tree.
Finally, in the most memorable scene, Tom takes all the grass around the outdoor fireplace, sets it in there and sets it on fire, causing smoke to just about blanket the sky. Afterwards, he grabs a lawnmower and mows a strip in the field, then lines the strip with Christmas lights, illuminates them, then waits at the end of the strip with his mouth open. However, instead of the bird, a jet airliner comes down and picks Tom up by his mouth.
After the plane flies over the tree Jerry and the bird are in, Tom lands on the same branch they're on. The bird then slaps a sticker saying "VIA AIR MAIL" on his forehead, kisses him, then salutes him, while Tom wearily returns the salute.

</doc>
<doc id="9871189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871189" title="Beresford Egan">
Beresford Egan

Beresford Egan (1905 - 1984) was a satirical draughtsman, painter, novelist and playwright. He was born in London but raised from the age of five in South Africa, where he was educated. He returned to London in July 1926 after spending two years as a precocious sports cartoonist on the Rand Daily Mail in Johannesburg.
He quickly established himself in the artistic and literary atmosphere of London. He not only illustrated the works of other writers, but also his own novels. He wrote three plays, composed songs and undertook theatre criticism and caricatures. He acted in British movies including "Latin Quarter" and appeared in the dying days of British music hall as The Great Daleno. His art was highly influenced by Aubrey Beardsley and many of his illustrations were in an erotic vein. 
Egan is remembered as the rare original British exponents of art déco. He was one of the most famous people of London's bohemian scene for nearly five decades. His career graph was phenomenal, beginning with "The Sink of Solitude", the dazzling debut which was a satire on the banning of Radclyffe Hall's controversial novel "The Well Of Loneliness" (1928). That book marked the beginning of a prolific phase of around six years during which Egan created numerous illustrations and book covers for works of Aleister Crowley, Pierre Louÿs and Charles Baudelaire. Egan was also a writer, and wrote a couple of novels, which he embellished with his wonderful illustrations. He also made illustrations for the monographs made by his wife Catherine Bower Alcock. 
He died in London in 1984. 
Bibliography.
Books/Pamphlets written ( wholly or in part) and illustrated/jacketed by Egan
Books Illustrated by Beresford Egan - UK Editions
Books illustrated by Beresford Egan – US editions
Dust-jackets designed/decorated by Beresford Egan
Books/ booklets about Beresford Egan'"
Theatre Reviews and Caricatures by Beresford Egan

</doc>
<doc id="9871193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871193" title="Arhopala alea">
Arhopala alea

The Rosy Oakblue, "Arhopala alea" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9871194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871194" title="Najran SC">
Najran SC

Najran Sport Club () is a Saudi Arabian football team based in Najran, they are currently playing in the Saudi Premier League. 
Najran SC achieved promotion to the Saudi Premier League by finishing 2nd in the Saudi First Division during the 2006/07 season.
The beginning.
Najran Club is a new club compared to other Saudi clubs. The idea of establishing the club was first born in 1980 when a group of Najranis raised a request to the Youth Welfare office expressing their desire in establishing a club that carried the name of their city. Efforts were harnessed to achieve this quest that was just an idea till the approval of the general president of the Youth Welfare at that time, his royal highness prince Faisal bin Fahad bin Abdulaziz was issued. Accordingly, the founders of the club held a meeting to form and elect the first board of directors.
Achievements.
The Najran team was able to reach the final match of the prince Faisal Bin Fahad cup 2005-2006 for the first division.
The Najran team was finally able to qualify to the Saudi Premier League in the 2007-08 season, and is still playing in it to this day.
They were able to reach the final four in the 2009-10 Saudi Crown Prince Cup after defeating some of the strongest teams in Saudi football such as Al-Ittihad, but lost to Al-Hilal 1-2 after an impressive display.

</doc>
<doc id="9871199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871199" title="La somnambule, ou L'arrivée d'un nouveau seigneur">
La somnambule, ou L'arrivée d'un nouveau seigneur

La somnambule is a ballet-pantomime composed by Ferdinand Hérold and premiered on 19 September 1827 at the Académie Royale de Musique. The scenario was by Eugène Scribe, and it was choreographed by Jean-Pierre Aumer. This ballet was produced in 1827 at the height of a fashion for stage works incorporating somnambulism. The work was quite popular in Paris and inspired many more works incorporating somnambulism, including Vincenzo Bellini's well-known Italian opera "La sonnambula". 
Although the work was unperformed for over 150 years and remains unpublished, it was rediscovered and recorded under the direction of conductor Richard Bonynge, and released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9871209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871209" title="Driller's depth">
Driller's depth

The original depth recorded while drilling an oil or gas well is known as the Driller's Depth.
The problem.
Since there is not a single reference or measurement system for calculating the depth in sub-surface environments, two engineers talking about a single drilling might give different answers when asked to give a measurement of depth.
The two main depth references used in the "downhole" (i.e. sub-surface) environment are Driller's Depths and Logger's Depths (also called Wireline Logger's Depths). These measurement systems are recorded quite differently and generally Logger's Depths are considered the more accurate of the two:
Measurement of Driller's Depth.
There are several parts of the drilling site to be considered while measuring:
In practice, Driller's Depth measurement is a manual operation, not changed significantly over the years and there are many facets of the system with potential to introduce errors and inconsistencies.
Measuring drill string length.
Lack of uniformity of drill pipe.
The bulk of the drill string is drill pipe which has a nominal length of 9.6 meter per pipe section, however, in reality, not all pipes are the same length. Weakened or damaged ends of a pipe section will be reworked, resulting in reduced length.
Steel pipe has a "male" connection at one end (called "the pin") and a "female" connection at the other end (called "the box") and as each section of pipe is lowered into the hole it is connected to the pipe preceding it by threading together the male and female components. Drill pipe connections (or drill pipe/collar, or collar/bit and any other connection) must have a very good sealing surface because high pressure mud will be traveling through the pipe and any pitted or galled areas could be quickly eroded out. This is usually referred to as a "wash-out", or words to that effect, and can occur in any part of the drill string or bottom hole assembly. Because of this pipe is routinely inspected before and after use. Any imperfections are eliminated one of two actions:
Tracking of drill pipe length used.
Tracking and recording of drill pipe at the rig site starts when individual joints are picked up. Joint numbers are manually marked on the side of the pipe. Typically three sections of pipe are joined together into a "stand" (of about 27–29 m in length) and stacked in rows of 10, with their base resting on the drill floor. Prior to running in the hole each stand is manually measured with a steel tape measure and the measurement recorded in a computer spreadsheet (previously a pipe tally book was used) alongside the stand number. To confirm at any stage what depth the drill bit is operating at, the driller consults the pipe tally records, and measures the length of the current stand of drill pipe below the rig floor.
Measurement errors due to bottom-hole assembly.
Another potential area for error is the Bottom Hole Assembly (BHA). The BHA consists of the drill bit, drill collars and stabilizers. Additionally, it can also include a downhole motor, MWD (measurement while drilling) and LWD (logging while drilling) tools. Errors come about if the total BHA is not correctly measured or recorded. Often BHA changes may be made during operations and if these changes are not recorded then the depths will be incorrect.
Ideally the BHA is operated to minimize “sagging” within the borehole. Pipe stretch and compression will occur from time to time but are not corrected for during normal operations, even though they can introduce fairly significant cumulative errors on driller's depth, particularly in deep wells or in areas of hard rock.
Dealing with Driller Depth errors.
If exploration derived prognosed depths are significantly different than the Driller's Depths, for example by 10−30 m, then warning bells come up – it is possible a pipe section or stand has been left off the calculations. If this is suspected, then the drill string should be measured (in tension) when the string is next pulled out of the hole, and the results checked with the tally. Mudloggers should be vigilant, as they provide the opportunity to cross check with the drilling company.
Examples.
For some deep wells, e.g. ±7000m or 25000 ft deep, the drill pipe elongation due to its own weight and temperature must be taken into account. This can be on the order of 24 m (80 ft). Wireline does not behave this way: it tends to lengthen under tension but shorten with increasing temperature. One can only assume by how much this net effect varies. Wireline depth correction for temperature and tension has been around since before the days of computer data acquisition, and is generally seen as reliable. Based on experience, the impact on a geological model previously based on wireline depth, when drilling at greater than 7,000 m and using LWD (driller's) depths, can introduce differences in marker depths of up to 25 m (80 ft): the driller's depths are consistently higher than the more reliable wireline depths.
The driller's survey do not call this elongation an uncertainty but rather call it "bias" or "error". For the example above, in addition to the 25 m (+80 ft) bias, there would be about ± 3 m/12 ft to 10 m/30 ft residual uncertainty depending on hole inclination. There are a few in the industry who know how to correct for this real time and some service companies have developed conceptual or prototype tools/processes to account for this elongation effect. In future, these corrections should become standard practice for the industry, but they are not . The determination of an accurate depth has not traditionally been a popular area of research. The impact of errors in depth is most critical when integrating data from more than one well, e.g. to build a reservoir model.

</doc>
<doc id="9871219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871219" title="B. J. Kennedy">
B. J. Kennedy

Byrl James "B.J." Kennedy (1921–2003) was an American physician who is considered to be the "Father of Medical Oncology."
Born in Plainview, Minnesota, in 1921, B.J. Kennedy received his MD from the University of Minnesota Medical School. He served his residency at Massachusetts General Hospital and received further training at McGill University and Cornell Medical College.
Kennedy returned to the University of Minnesota Medical School in 1952, where remained for the rest of his career. He founded the division of oncology at the University in 1968 and led it for 22 years. His hard work, along with his colleagues, led to the creation of medical oncology as a subspecialty of internal medicine in 1972.
A leader throughout his career, Kennedy served as president of both the American Society of Clinical Oncology (1988) and American Association of Cancer Education (1982). He received the AMA Scientific Achievement Award in 1992.
He died on April 6, 2003, of multiple myeloma.

</doc>
<doc id="9871243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871243" title="William J. Bakrow">
William J. Bakrow

William J. Bakrow (April 22, 1923 – March 17, 2005) was the 11th president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1973 to 1987. 
Biography.
Early life & Education.
Bakrow was born in Rochester, New York to Leonard and Edith (Adler) Bakrow. He was educated at Harley High School in Rochester. He earned his bachelor's degree from Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island and his doctorate in education from Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. During World War II he served in the United States Army. After the war he worked as a correspondent for United Press in the Philippines. He married Maree (Walsh) Bakrow and they parented three children. 
Academic Career.
Dr. Bakrow helped establish the Motorola Executive Institute in Tucson, Arizona in 1964, where he served as its executive director until 1973. In June of the same year he was named the first lay person to serve as president of St. Ambrose College. 
During his 15 years at St. Ambrose he was referred to as "Dollar Bill," as he wiped out the schools $2 million debt, doubled enrollment, and balanced the budget for eight consecutive years. During his presidency St. Ambrose began graduate studies with the Masters of Business Administration program. At the end of his term as president St. Ambrose College became St. Ambrose University.
Later life & death.
When he retired from St. Ambrose in 1987 he moved to Rockport, Massachusetts. He spent a year as the interim president of Montserrat College of Art, and served on the Rockport Finance Committee and Planning Board. He died in Rockport on March 17, 2005 at the age of 81. His funeral was held in St. Joachim's Church and he was buried in Beech Grove Cemetery, both in Rockport. 

</doc>
<doc id="9871264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871264" title="Sinú">
Sinú

Sinú may refer to:
See also: sinew, a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that usually connects muscle to bone.

</doc>
<doc id="9871269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871269" title="Cicia Airport">
Cicia Airport

Cicia Airport is an airport serving Cicia, one of the Lau Islands in the Eastern Division of Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which measures in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9871278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871278" title="Nippenburg">
Nippenburg

Nippenburg is a ruined castle located in Schwieberdingen, Germany. The oldest records of Nippenburg date to 1160, which makes it one of the oldest castles in the region of Stuttgart. In the seventeenth century the castle was positioned favorably lying on a mountain spur over-half the Glemstals and built in direct proximity to the manor-house lock Nippenburg. In the following centuries the castle was heavily quarried and abandoned. The ruins are with high walls and fortifications as well as a substantial scrub. In the 1980s the building was partially restored to its 1483 condition.

</doc>
<doc id="9871290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871290" title="Darwin's nothura">
Darwin's nothura

The Darwin's nothura ("Nothura darwinii") is a type of tinamou commonly found in high-altitude grassland in the southern Andes in South America.
Etymology.
The name of the species is named after Charles Darwin, an eminent English naturalist, to commemorate him.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Description.
The Darwin's nothura is approximately in length. It is similar to spotted nothura but more rufous with broader streaking below. Its upper parts are brown and streaked with buff, its lower parts are streaked with chestnut and it is black on its breast Its flanks are barred, and its crown is black with buff streaks, and its throat is white.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the Darwin's nothura eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies this tinamou as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9871293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871293" title="Vunisea Airport">
Vunisea Airport

Vunisea Airport is an airport located near Vunisea (Namalata) on Kadavu Island in Fiji. Also known as Namalata Airport or Kadavu Airport, it serves many tourists surfing and kayaking in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is .

</doc>
<doc id="9871300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871300" title="Richard Side">
Richard Side

Richard Side is the creator and producer of "The Debaters", a radio and TV comedy series on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
He is also an actor and writer whose screen acting credits include the TV series "Supernatural", "Psych" and "Eureka" and the feature film "Elf". Side is a comedian specializing in improvisational comedy. He won an improv comedy championship at the Just for Laughs festival performing with Vancouver Theatresports.
Richard co-adapted Kenneth Oppel's novel "Silverwing" into a thirteen part animated series for Teletoon. Other writing credits include episodes of "".

</doc>
<doc id="9871302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871302" title="Mirosław Żuławski">
Mirosław Żuławski

Mirosław Żuławski (January 16, 1913 – February 17, 1995) was a Polish writer, prosaist, diplomatist and screenwriter. He is father of film director, Andrzej Żuławski.
Biography.
Mirosław Żuławski was born in Nisko. He graduated law and diplomatic studies at Lviv University. His career as a poet began in "Sygnały" magazine in 1934. During World War II he was a soldier of Związek Walki Zbrojnej, and then Armia Krajowa. In AK Żuławski operated in cultural underground and also wrote newsletters. During the years of 1944 and 1945 he was a war correspondent. After that he became as an editor-in-chief's assistant of "Rzeczpospolita" newspaper.
In 1945–1952 and 1957-1978 Żuławski worked in diplomacy as a permanent deputy of Poland in UNESCO in Paris. He was an ambassador of People's Republic of Poland (PRL) in Senegal and Mali. He was an editor of "Przegląd Kulturalny" weekly magazine from 1952 to 1957. Through the 1990s Żuławski published feuilletons in "Twój Styl".
He died in 1995 in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="9871318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871318" title="Sebastian Menke">
Sebastian Menke

Sebastian G. Menke (December 21, 1910 – April 21, 2002) was a 20th-century Catholic priest in the United States who served as the tenth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1964 to 1973. 
Biography.
Early life & Education.
Menke was born and raised in St. Paul, Iowa. He graduated from St. Ambrose in 1934, and was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Davenport in St. Paul in 1938. 
St. Ambrose College.
Menke returned to St. Ambrose and taught Latin, German, Greek, ancient history and astronomy on campus. He then became rector for East Hall (Rohlman Hall). While he studied for his doctorate at the University of Iowa he served as chaplain at Mercy Hospital in Iowa City. Menke served as president during a time when struggles were high for private colleges. The Vietnam War was raging and there were protests against the war on campus. Dr. Edward Rogalski, who would eventually serve as the college's president, remembers, "He did a lot to help defuse the emotions. We would meet with students at any time of day and night. He even led a protest march here in Davenport — and that was a time when emotions were running very high." In 1964 he was named a Domestic Prelate by Pope Paul VI, upon the nomination of Bishop Ralph Hayes. From 1970-1973 St. Ambrose and Marycrest College planned for a merger. They even chose a new name for the school, Newman College, before the effort was discontinued and both schools went their own way. During his presidency, South Hall (Cosgrove Hall), Hayes Hall, and Galvin Fine Arts Center were all constructed. 
Sacred Heart Cathedral.
After leaving the presidency Menke became the pastor and rector of Sacred Heart Cathedral. He served as a chairperson for one of the commissions during the diocesan synod in 1974. Msgr. Menke also chaired a board that was working on the consolidation of St. Luke’s and Mercy Hospitals in Davenport. Like the merger of the two colleges, the hospital merger did not happen either. He was involved in establishing the United Way of the Quad-Cities Area. El Centro Cultural Hispano, an organization that cared for the needs of the Spanish-speaking people of the Quad City area, was established at Sacred Heart in 1975. Two years later Mass in Spanish was added to the cathedral schedule. Msgr. Menke was instrumental in establishing a food pantry and a clothing center at the cathedral. He helped out at the Catholic Worker House and the East Side Development Center. He was involved with other social service agencies and racial matters. 
Later life & Death.
In 1985 Msgr. Menke retired as the cathedral rector and took up residence at St. Mary’s Church in Iowa City. At the end of 1991 he left Iowa City and retired to St. Vincent Center in Davenport. He died in 2002 at the age of 91. Memorial Masses were held at Christ the King Chapel at St. Ambrose and Sacred Heart Cathedral. He donated his body to the Department of Anatomy at the University of Iowa, which was later buried in the Priests' Circle of Mount Calvary Cemetery in Davenport.
Legacy.
The Menke Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by St. Ambrose University. It was named in honor of Msgr. Menke.

</doc>
<doc id="9871326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871326" title="Urabá">
Urabá

Urabá or Uraba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9871336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871336" title="Mike McGruder">
Mike McGruder

Mike McGruder (born May 6, 1964) was an American football player in the National Football League. He played in Super Bowl XXXI with the New England Patriots as a cornerback. He played a total of 12 years of professional football in the NFL and CFL (Saskatchewan Roughriders). This Cleveland Heights, Ohio High School track and football stand out began his professional career after being a four year starter at Kent State University. McGruder was team football captain his senior year and 2 year captain of the track team at Kent State University.
McGruder was among league leaders being tied for third in the NFC with 5 interceptions in 1993 while playing with the San Francisco 49ers. McGruder was a finalist for the NFL Bart Starr Award in 1997. Mike McGruder was voted one of the best names in the NFL.
McGruder has two daughters, Jenerra and Dior.

</doc>
<doc id="9871338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871338" title="Killer (pool)">
Killer (pool)

Killer or killers is a multi-player folk variant of straight pool in which each player is assigned a set number of "lives" and takes one shot per to attempt to () a ball, or else lose a life. Usually if the player then an additional life is lost. It is a popular pub game because it can involve a potentially unlimited number of players, and offers the opportunity for each player to bet a small amount of money for a reasonable return in winner-takes-all. There are often other local subrules such as potting the (), or any two balls in one shot, gives the player an extra life, or that failure to pocket a ball on the does not cost a life (in which case the shooter shoots again). The game is sometimes called killer pool.

</doc>
<doc id="9871342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871342" title="Hay River Reserve">
Hay River Reserve

Hay River Reserve (also known as K'atlodeeche/Katl'odeeche First Nation or Hay River Dene 1) is one of only two Indian reserves in Canada's Northwest Territories. Located in the South Slave Region, it is a Slavey community with a population of 292 (of which the majority are First Nations) at the 2011 census. The main languages on the reserve are South Slavey, Chipewyan, and English. In 2012 the Government of the Northwest Territories reported that the population was 341.
Although the Dene had been using the area around the mouth of the Hay River for many years as a fishing site it was not settled until the 1890s when Chief Chiatlo led a group to the site. Later both the Anglican, with a mission school, and the Roman Catholic Church along with trading posts and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police arrived. However, the NWT Government says that the first building in the area was the Hudson's Bay Company, followed by the Roman Catholic Mission, and then the Anglican Mission.
The original site was located right at the mouth of the river just east of Vale Island at However, this site was subject to flooding and it was decided to move to a different area. The current site is located on the south shore of the Hay River, near the mouth of Great Slave Lake In 1974 the then chief, Daniel Sonfrere, negotiated a settlement with the Government of Canada and the first reserve in the NWT was formed.
The reserve covers an area of and claims a band membership of 600 people. The reserve is governed by a Band Council, consisting of a Chief and four Counselors, who are elected every two years on "Treaty Day". Along with the Fort Providence Dene Band the reserve operates "Evergreen Forestry Management Ltd." The reserve also runs the Ehdah Cho Store, "Tu-Cho Gha Contracting", and the "Nats’jee Keh Treatment Centre".
Primary and secondary education in the community is provided by Chief Sunrise Education Centre.
The site of the original mission buildings, including St. Peter’s Anglican Church, Ste. Anne’s Roman Catholic Church, the remains of a rectory, and associated cemeteries, was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1992, due to its association with the meeting of Dene and European cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="9871362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871362" title="Koro Airport">
Koro Airport

Koro Airport is an airport serving Koro, one of the Lomaiviti Islands in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one grass runway which measures in length.
It's the only airport in Fiji which has a sloped runway. It only has one weekly flight from Suva-Nausori, with a Britten-Norman Islander from Northern Air.

</doc>
<doc id="9871386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871386" title="Lewisham (disambiguation)">
Lewisham (disambiguation)

Lewisham is a district of London, England
Lewisham could also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9871388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871388" title="Spotted nothura">
Spotted nothura

__NOTOC__
The spotted nothura ("Nothura maculosa") is a species of tinamou. This bird is native to grassy habitats in eastern and southern Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and eastern and northern Argentina.
Description.
The spotted nothura is approximately in length. The upper parts are brown with streaked buff. The under parts are buff streaked with black and brown on the breast, with barring to the flanks. Its crown is black streaked with buff and the throat is white. The overall hue in colour varies greatly over its range; in part caused by the differences in soil at the specific localities. It and the closely related Chaco nothura, "N. chacoensis", are the only nothuras with barring to both webs of the primaries. The legs are dull yellowish-grey or brown.
Behavior.
The call of the spotted nothura is a series of brief high-pitched notes.
Feeding.
The spotted nothura eats plants, typically seeds, and animal matter. In Argentina they seem to eat more of the animal matter then they do in other locations.
Reproduction.
This species can reproduce rapidly, as the female is mature within 2 months and can have five to six broods per year. The male does not mature as fast. The male will incubate the eggs and raise the chicks. Like most tinamous, its eggs have a spectacular glossy porcelain-like shell. This is colored a rich maroon or chocolate brown in this species. The clutch contains 4-6 eggs.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Coenraad Jacob Temminck first identified the spotted nothura from a specimen from Paraguay, in 1815.
Subspecies.
The spotted nothura has eight currently recognized subspecies. They are not well-distinguished and almost form a cline that varies north to south according to Gloger's and Bergmann's Rules.
Range.
It occurs in eastern and southern Brazil (excluding the Mata Atlântica and planalto uplands along the coast), Paraguay, Uruguay, and Argentina.
Habitat.
It lives in dry savanna habitat up to , and temperate grassland, as well as pasture land.
Conservation.
The IUCN list this tinamou as Least Concern, even though it is avidly hunted, due to its fast reproduction rate. It has an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9871405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871405" title="Image rectification">
Image rectification

Image rectification is a transformation process used to project two-or-more images onto a common image plane. It corrects image distortion by transforming the image into a standard coordinate system.
Computer stereo vision.
Stereo vision uses triangulation based on epipolar geometry to determine distance to an object.
Between two cameras there is a problem of finding a corresponding point viewed by one camera in the image of the other camera (known as the correspondence problem). In most camera configurations, finding correspondences requires a search in two-dimensions. However, if the two cameras are aligned to be coplanar, the search is simplified to one dimension - a horizontal line parallel to the line between the cameras. Furthermore, if the location of a point in the left image is known, it can be searched for in the right image by searching left of this location along the line, and vice versa (see binocular disparity). Image rectification is an equivalent (and more often used) alternative to perfect camera alignment. Image rectification is usually performed regardless of camera precision, because it may be impractical to perfectly align cameras, and even perfectly aligned cameras may become misaligned over time.
Transformation.
If the images to be rectified are taken from camera pairs without geometric distortion, this calculation can easily be made with a linear transformation. X & Y rotation puts the images on the same plane, scaling makes the image frames be the same size and Z rotation & skew adjustments make the image pixel rows directly line up. The rigid alignment of the cameras needs to be known (by calibration) and the calibration coefficients are used by the transform. 
In performing the transform, if the cameras themselves are calibrated for internal parameters, an essential matrix provides the relationship between the cameras. The more general case (without camera calibration) is represented by the fundamental matrix. If the fundamental matrix is not known, it is necessary to find preliminary point correspondences between stereo images to facilitate its extraction.
Algorithms.
There are basically three algorithms for image rectification: planar rectification, cylindrical rectification and polar rectification.
Geographic information system.
Image rectification in GIS converts images to a standard map coordinate system. This is done by matching ground control points (GCP) in the mapping system to points in the image. These GCPs calculate necessary image transforms.
Primary difficulties in the process occur 
The maps that are used with rectified images are non-topographical. However, the images to be used may contain distortion from terrain. Image orthorectification additionally removes these effects.
Image rectification is a standard feature available with GIS software packages.

</doc>
<doc id="9871406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871406" title="William J. Collins">
William J. Collins

William J. Collins (1896–1981) was a 20th-century Catholic priest who served as the ninth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1956 to 1963.
Biography.
He was born and raised in Millersburg,Iowa and was educated at St. Ambrose College. He was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Davenport at Sacred Heart Cathedral in 1929. 
He was referred to as "Sailor Bill" since he had served in the Navy. He was assigned to the faculty of St. Ambrose College and served as chairman of the business and economics departments on campus before becoming president. From 1953-1959 he was the moderator of the Te Deum, a lecture program that provided adult education in the diocese. He was named the president of St. Ambrose in 1956, the same year that Pope Pius XII named him a Domestic Prelate upon the nomination of Bishop Ralph Hayes. Hoping to get the school back on track financially, Collins raised tuition and temporarily dropped the football program. During his term, East Hall (Rohlman Hall) was constructed. Collins was active in the American Legion and helped found the Council of World Affairs. After he served as president of the college he was assigned as the chaplain at the Kahl Home for the Aged and Infirmed in Davenport.

</doc>
<doc id="9871410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871410" title="Boolean operations on polygons">
Boolean operations on polygons

Boolean operations on polygons are a set of Boolean operations (AND, OR, NOT, XOR, ...) operating on one or more sets of polygons in computer graphics. These sets of operations are widely used in computer graphics, CAD, and in EDA (in integrated circuit physical design and verification software).
Uses in software.
Early algorithms for Boolean operations on polygons were based on the use of bitmaps. Using bitmaps in modeling polygon shapes has many drawbacks. One of the drawbacks is that the memory usage can be very large, since the resolution of polygons is proportional to the number of bits used to represent polygons. The higher the resolution is desired, the more the number of bits is required.
Modern implementations for Boolean operations on polygons tend to use plane sweep algorithms (or Sweep line algorithms). A list of papers using plane sweep algorithms for Boolean operations on polygons can be found in References below.
Boolean operations on convex polygons and monotone polygons of the same direction may be performed in linear time.

</doc>
<doc id="9871422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871422" title="1923 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1923 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1923 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 18th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. For the first time, the competition would be split into two zones: the "America Zone" and the "Europe Zone". This change was necessitated by having more than 16 teams compete for the cup (thus not fitting into one easily workable draw). The past several years had also seen a rise in the number of defaults, as teams from around the globe tried to work out the logistics of playing such an international tournament. Regional zones would help alleviate these problems.
The Europe Zone consisted of 13 teams (although Romania would default their first-round tie). The America Zone was made up of 4 teams, with only one of these teams, Canada, actually located in the Americas. (The United States, as defending champions, were automatically qualified for the final, Challenge Round). Oddly, Argentina would compete in the Europe Zone. The winners of the Zones met in an Inter-Zonal playoff, with the winner challenging the United States for the championship.
Australia would defeat France in the Inter-Zonal play-off, but would once again fall to the United States in the challenge round. The final was played at the West Side Tennis Club in New York City, United States on 31 August – 3 September. 

</doc>
<doc id="9871445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871445" title="1931 Eastern Suburbs season">
1931 Eastern Suburbs season

Eastern Suburbs (now known as the Sydney Roosters) competed in the 24th New South Wales Rugby League(NSWRL) premiership in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="9871446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871446" title="Chaco nothura">
Chaco nothura

The Chaco nothura ("Nothura chacoensis") is a type of tinamou commonly found in brushland in Argentina and Paraguay.
Description.
The Chaco nothura is approximately in length. The species is similar to spotted nothura but paler and buffier overall.
Range and habitat.
The Chaco nothura inhabits subtropical and tropical brushland up to in altitude. This species is native to the chaco of northwestern Paraguay and north central Argentina in South America.
Taxonomy.
The Chaco nothura is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies this tinamou as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9871454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871454" title="The Count of Monte Cristo (1975 film)">
The Count of Monte Cristo (1975 film)

The Count of Monte-Cristo is a 1975 television film produced by ITC Entertainment and based upon the book "The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas, père. It was directed by David Greene and starred Richard Chamberlain as Edmond Dantes, Kate Nelligan as Mercedes, Tony Curtis as Fernand Mondego, Louis Jourdan as De Villefort, Donald Pleasence as Danglars, Trevor Howard as Abbé Faria, and Isabelle de Valvert as Haydee. ITC had previously produced a 39-part TV series based on the same source material, in 1956.
This version was nominated for two Emmys: Richard Chamberlain for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Special Program - Drama or Comedy, and Trevor Howard for Outstanding Single Performance by a Supporting Actor in a Comedy or Drama Special.
This version tends to emphasize the complex psychological drama that unfolds in which Dantes manipulates characters until the final swordfight with Mondego. The courtroom scene in which Dantes brings down crown prosecutor De Villefort is a highlight of the film, as is the scene between Dantes and Mercedes when he reveals Mondego's treachery to her (which occurs almost precisely as in the novel). However, important characters are omitted and several scenes differ from the novel. Villefort's wife for instance, never appears, and there is no mention of her ever having poisoned anyone. In the novel, it is Mondego rather than Danglars who commits suicide, and Dantes and Mondego do not engage in a swordfight. As in the novel, Dantes loses Mercedes because of his vengeful bitterness. Haydee has only a minor role in the film, and there is no indication that she and Monte Cristo become lovers as in the book. 
In contrast to other film versions, this one was originally made for television in the days before the VCR or DVD player. First shown nationally on NBC in 1975, it was annually featured on a local station as an evening movie. The present videocassettes do not include the commercials, but the timing and scene shifting remain. This tends to mimic the book by Dumas, which also shifted scenes between the characters.

</doc>
<doc id="9871459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871459" title="Utilicraft Aerospace Industries">
Utilicraft Aerospace Industries

Utilicraft Aerospace Industries is a company created in December 2004 by a spin-off of American Utilicraft Corporation as they moved their headquarters to Albuquerque, New Mexico. Their sole project was the model FF-1080-300ER, a short-haul cargo ("freight feeder") aircraft for shipping and courier services. As a startup company, they advertise minimalist engineering to reduce time to market, forgoing cabin pressurization and a retractable landing gear yet lifting a 10-ton cargo pallet.
Announced customers have included Benin Airlines, Afra Airlines, and Mid America Aero, LLC. companies.
Production was scheduled to begin at about 24 planes per year beginning in late 2007. Until FAA certification of their first model, which would take some years, they intended to rely on the International freight feeder market.
Utilicraft generated initial capital with an IPO, so their survival depends on the stock market and their investor relations. Their stock began 2007 at $1.00 per share and fell to $0.06 by the end of the year. It has not traded over ten cents since. 
In 2007, the Company sold its freight aircraft development program for a major equity interest in Freight Feeder Aircraft Corporation www.freightfeeder.com, plus a royalty on 2,000 aircraft. Freight Feeder Aircraft Corporation is continuing the development of the aircraft program. 
Utilicraft is now seeking new products via mergers and acquisitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9871465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871465" title="Labasa Airport">
Labasa Airport

Labasa Airport is an airport serving Labasa (pronounced ) is a town located in Macuata Province, in the northeastern part of the island of Vanua Levu in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 13/31 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="9871472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871472" title="Singer Trophy">
Singer Trophy

The Singer Akai Nidahas Trophy was a ODI tournament staged in Sri Lanka in June and July 1998, with matches held in Colombo and Galle. It involved Sri Lanka, India and New Zealand.
Each team played every other team three times, and the two teams with the most points progressed to the final.The event was marred by rain, with five of the nine qualifying matches abandoned. Sri Lanka won four matches while India one, in the group stage, before India won the final by 6 runs.[http://www1.cricinfo.com/db/ARCHIVE/1997-98/OD_TOURNEYS/SANT/SANT_JUN-JUL1998_RESULTS-SUMMARY.html

</doc>
<doc id="9871482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871482" title="Lakeba Airport">
Lakeba Airport

Lakeba Airport is an airport in Lakeba (pronounced ), one of the Lau Islands in southern Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which measures .

</doc>
<doc id="9871493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871493" title="Sing, but Keep Going">
Sing, but Keep Going

Sing, but Keep Going is the first full-length record put out by Sherwood. It was released May 31, 2005. Pre-orders included autographed material by the band members. Dan Koch was the principal songwriter for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9871506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871506" title="Hans-Paul Bürkner">
Hans-Paul Bürkner

Hans-Paul Bürkner (*1952 in Varel, Germany) is the former President and CEO of The Boston Consulting Group (2004-2012). He is currently Chairman at BCG. He is the first European to be president and CEO of the company.
Career.
He began his career in corporate finance at Commerzbank and joined BCG, then predominantly a US consulting firm, in 1981. He was a member of the team that opened BCG’s Düsseldorf (1982) and Frankfurt (1991) offices. He credited much of his inspiration and business approach to Tom Lewis, a principal at the firm at the time. Before becoming the firm’s first CEO from Europe, he was head of BCG’s global Financial Services practice and was a Senior Vice President in the firm.
Since his election by BCG’s partners to the office of CEO, under his leadership, BCG has grown from 2,600 consultants to 6,200 presently. He was re-elected to the office in 2009, taking his tenure to December 2012. He has since opened seven new offices around the world and grown the size of the firm’s partner group by more than 60%.
Bürkner has studied numerous subjects, including economics, business administration, and Chinese, at various universities. He has received a diploma from the University of Bochum, an M.A. from Yale University, and a D.Phil. from St. Catherine's College, University of Oxford between 1978 and 1981, where he was a Rhodes Scholar. 
Today he is based in both Frankfurt and New York, and travels extensively among BCG’s 78 offices around the world.
Awards and Recognitions.
Bürkner was recognized as one of the Top 25 Consultants making an impact on clients and within his own firm by Consulting Magazine in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9871523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871523" title="Malolo Lailai Airport">
Malolo Lailai Airport

Malolo Lailai Airport is an airport on the Malolo Lailai island in the Fiji's Western Division. The airport is a short strip running the width of the island, and is mainly used for general aviation and transporting guests to resorts on the island, such as Musket Cove Resort, Lomani Island Resort and Plantation Island Resort.

</doc>
<doc id="9871555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871555" title="Mount Kita">
Mount Kita

Geography.
The is a tall rock face on the eastern side of the mountain.
Alpine plants grow abundantly, especially on the mountain's southeastern slope along the route to and along the and courses along on the mountain's northern side. Large clusters of plants can be seen from huts near the top. The species is endemic to this mountain.
Origin of the name.
The main mountains of the Akaishi Mountains are Mount Kita, Mount Aino and Mount Nōtori. The three mountains together are called , which means "Three White Summits". The name "Mount Kita" literally means "northern mountain," referring to its being the northernmost of the three mountains.
Climbing.
The mountain area around Mount Kita is one of the most popular in Japan, reputedly second only to the Mount Yari and Mount Hotaka area. Access points for climbing are at to the east and to the west; however, most people choose to climb from Hirogawara, where facilities are better. Two mountain huts near the top provide accommodation for up to 150 people and there are campground facilities nearby.
There are three main access routes to the summit of Mount Kita. The first starts out in Hirogawara and follows the up through the . Another route leaves the river valley earlier and emerges from the forest at Shiraneoike-Kusasuberi. A third trail runs from Ryōmata at the trail head near to the summit of the mountain.
From the summit, a trail runs along the ridge via Nakashiranesan to Mount Aino, , Mount Nōtori, and continues further south. An alternate route, (), has been built, which connects the viewing platform at to the summit, via the head at . This approach is not very popular, except in winter, when the path gets greater use. Kitadake Buttress is a classic route for free climbing in Japan.
The main mountain huts in the vicinity of Mount Kita are the , the , the and the .

</doc>
<doc id="9871573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871573" title="Elia (sculpture)">
Elia (sculpture)

Elia is a sculpture designed by Ingvar Cronhammar in Herning, Denmark. It is a large, spherical dome with four columns reaching . The dome itself has a diameter of .

</doc>
<doc id="9871578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871578" title="Mana Island Airport">
Mana Island Airport

Mana Island Airport is an airport serving Mana Island, one of the Mamanuca Islands in Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="9871587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871587" title="Team Ico">
Team Ico

Team Ico (stylized as Team ICO) is a Japanese video game development team led by game designer Fumito Ueda. It is part of SCE Japan Studio's Product Development Department #1, Team Ico developed the games "Ico" and "Shadow of the Colossus", both for the PlayStation 2. Their games are characterized by a very small but endearing and memorable cast, minimalist but strong storytelling, atmospheric use of bloom and HDR lighting, careful attention to the soundtrack and the utilisation of sound in general, fictional spoken languages, a distinct art style, and strong animation. Their games are frequently cited as examples of art in video games.
Current projects.
In February 2007, Team Ico took out a full page advertisement in the Japanese gaming magazine "Famitsu". The advertisement featured some early concept sketches on note paper, suggesting that the team's new game was then in the early phases of design.
In January 2008, Sony updated its careers section with the first screenshot of Team Ico's third game headed to PlayStation 3. Posts available were for planners, animators, artists and effect designers.
In March 2009, Fumito Ueda, the lead designer of "Ico" and "Shadow of the Colossus", said the new game, "might be something similar to what's been done... The essence of the game is rather close to "Ico"."
A video released in the weeks before E3 2009 shows early footage of the game with its working title, "Project Trico". The video shows a young boy befriending a griffin-like creature, which appears to combine the functionality of Yorda from "Ico" with that of Agro and the colossi from "Shadow of the Colossus", acting both as a companion and as a form of transportation which can be freely climbed upon. E3 2009 revealed the project's release title as "The Last Guardian". Eurogamer reports that "The Last Guardian" had been posted for release for October 7, 2011 by UK retailers Asda, Tesco, Zavvi, The Hut, and Woolworths. Sony had stated that the game would make its release in the fall of 2011. The official release date has yet to be announced, although it was widely held to be some time in 2012. After the first two "God of War" games were ported for the PlayStation 3, Ueda mentioned in an interview at the Tokyo Games Show of an interest to do the same with both "Ico" and "Shadow of the Colossus". "Ico and Shadow of the Colossus: The Collection" was confirmed at the 2010 Tokyo Game Show for release in 2011.
The Ico series uses a pseudo-language like those featured in "Another World" and the "Panzer Dragoon" series.

</doc>
<doc id="9871595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871595" title="Moala Airport">
Moala Airport

Moala Airport is an airport serving Moala, the main island of the Moala Islands, a subgroup of the Lau Islands in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9871605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871605" title="Disembodied (Buckethead album)">
Disembodied (Buckethead album)

Disembodied is Buckethead's second album under the name Death Cube K (an anagram for Buckethead). It was released on July 22, 1997, by ION records, and was produced by Bill Laswell.

</doc>
<doc id="9871628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871628" title="Riviera Theatre">
Riviera Theatre

The Riviera Theatre is a concert venue in the north side of Chicago, Illinois. The Riviera Theatre is capable of seating some 2,500 audience members. 
Built in 1917, it was designed by Rapp and Rapp for the Balaban & Katz theatre chain run by A. J. Balaban, his brother Barney Balaban and their partner and brother-in-law, Sam Katz. It is an example of French Renaissance Revival architecture. It later became a private nightclub in 1986. The theatre is located in the Uptown section of the city, at the intersection of Lawrence, Broadway and Racine. The area has several notable theaters, including the Aragon Ballroom, which is only 0.2 miles away. It has been owned by Jam Productions since 2006.
Today, it serves as a venue for many popular acts, both local and national. Tin Machine performed at the theatre during their It's My Life Tour on December 12, 1991. The performance was recorded & a portion of it was later used for their live album, "".

</doc>
<doc id="9871632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871632" title="Carl Meinberg">
Carl Meinberg

Carl H. Meinberg (January 11, 1889 – April 15, 1975) was a 20th-century Catholic priest in the United States who served as the seventh president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1937 to 1940.
Biography.
Meinberg was born on January 11, 1889 in Keokuk, Iowa. He was educated at St. Francis School and St. Peter’s High School, both in Keokuk, and St. Ambrose College. He went on to St. Mary’s Seminary in Baltimore. He was ordained on May 30, 1914 at Sacred Heart Cathedral in Davenport by Bishop James Davis. He holds a Master’s Degree from The Catholic University of America. He also did graduate work at the University of Iowa and the University of Notre Dame.
He became a member to the faculty at St. Ambrose College after his ordination to the priesthood. In his early years, Meinberg served as the head of the library, and was also the director of the choir and the orchestra. He taught in the departments of religion and Spanish, and eventually became the head of the history department and the campus spiritual director before becoming president. He served as the college president from November 1937 until February 1940. In 1939 Pope Pius XII named Meinberg a Domestic Prelate, upon the nomination of Bishop Henry Rohlman. 
After leaving the presidency, Msgr. Meinberg became the pastor of St. Mary’s Church in Iowa City. His predecessor at St. Mary’s was Msgr. A.J. Schulte, the first president of St. Ambrose. During his 27 years as pastor the rectory and convent were renovated, and the church was redecorated. The parish celebrated its centennial in 1941. St. Mary’s High School merged with St. Patrick’s High School, upon the directive of Bishop Ralph L. Hayes, and created Regina High School. He also served as dean of the Iowa City Deanery. Msgr. Meinberg retired in August 1967 to St. Ambrose College. He died there on April 15, 1975 at the age of 86. He had two funerals one in Christ the King Chapel at St. Ambrose and one at St. Mary’s. He was buried in St. Joseph’s Cemetery in Iowa City.

</doc>
<doc id="9871646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871646" title="Ngau Airport">
Ngau Airport

Ngau Airport is an airport on Ngau Island (also known as Gau Island), one of the Lomaiviti Islands in Fiji. Also known as Gau Airport, it is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9871664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871664" title="Tunnel (album)">
Tunnel (album)

Tunnel is Buckethead's third album under the name Death Cube K (an anagram for Buckethead) and the first to not feature Bill Laswell. Instead, it is one of the first collaborations of Buckethead and keyboardist Travis Dickerson. The album was released on July 10, 1999 by TDRS music and co-produced by Dickerson.

</doc>
<doc id="9871675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871675" title="Frat bro">
Frat bro

Frat Bro, plural Frat Bros., can be:

</doc>
<doc id="9871679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871679" title="Stuart Lancaster">
Stuart Lancaster

Stuart Lancaster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9871709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871709" title="Abramino dall'Arpa">
Abramino dall'Arpa

Abramino dall'Arpa (fl ca. 1577–1593) was an Italian harpist and the likely grandson of Abramo dall'Arpa. He was one of the few Jewish musicians in Mantua in the late 16th century. In 1587, he accompanied and comforted the dying Guglielmo I Gonzaga on a trip to Goito.

</doc>
