<doc id="9738694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738694" title="Market Technicians Association">
Market Technicians Association

The Market Technicians Association (MTA) is a non-profit, global, professional organization of Technical Analysts based out of New York City. The MTA seeks to educate the financial community and public, increase the use of Technical Analysis, and maintain standards of expertise and ethics among technicians. The MTA certifies that an individual is competent in the use of technical analysis via the Chartered Market Technician (CMT) designation. 
History.
The Market Technicians Association (MTA) was incorporated as a not-for-profit Association in 1973, but began holding meetings as early as 1971. There were 18 charter members in 1973, but the three “founders” are considered to be Ralph Acampora, John Brooks and John Greeley. These charter members found that they were doing the same thing for a living (practicing technical analysis), and believed there should be an organization similar to the one that already existed for fundamental analysts. At first, the MTA was a New York based group, however, as it became apparent that there were technical analysts all over the globe, the MTA transformed first to a U.S. based and eventually to a global professional association.
The MTA's Chartered Market Technician (CMT) program emerged after significant work in second half of the 1980s. The first tests were given and the first CMTs were granted in 1989. In 2005 the NASD (now FINRA) submitted a rule filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission to accept the CMT 1 and 2 as an alternative to the series 86 examination required of financial analysts.
Through most of the early years of its history, the MTA was located in various downtown New York City locations, usually in a shared space of other friendly associations (i.e., NY Institute of Finance later the NY Society of Security Analysts [NYSSA). In September, 2001 the MTA was in the World Trade Center when the Twin Towers fell.
The MTA quickly relocated to space in Woodbridge, New Jersey (approximately 10 miles from downtown NYC) and actively worked at building back its library of resources through, in large measure, through the donations of members and friends of the MTA. The MTA moved back to a new downtown NYC location in early 2007, located at 61 Broadway—Suite 514, NY, NY 10006, which is within one block of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Mission.
The MTA is a not-for-profit professional regulatory organization servicing over 4,100 market analysis professionals in over 75 countries around the globe. The MTA’s main objectives involve the education of the public, the investment community and its membership in the theory, practice and application of technical analysis. 
The MTA has the following stated mission:
The MTA mission is accomplished through the effective execution of a wide variety of professional services including, but not limited to, seminars, local region/chapter meetings, the maintenance of an extensive library of technical analysis material and the regular publication of newsletters and journals.
MTA members and affiliates include technical analysts, portfolio managers, investment advisors, market letter writers and others involved in the technical aspects of equities, futures, options, fixed income securities, currencies, international markets, derivatives, etc.
Services provided to members and affiliates are performed by a small NYC based Headquarter staff, an active Board of Directors, Committee Chairs and an extensive cadre of volunteers located in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets.
Strategic imperatives.
Over the course of six months, the Board and staff of the MTA engaged the membership in discussions regarding the key goals of the Association. Taken together with the MTA's current three-tenet mission statement, these imperatives constitute a living document that will change over time, and serve to direct the Association toward its key functions and objectives.
Chartered Market Technician.
As with other professional organizations that establish standards of competence for members, so the MTA provides a recognized standard of proficiency: The Chartered Market Technician program is the examination series that demonstrates proficiency in technical analysis. Candidates who pass the program's three examination levels, and who are also full members of the MTA, earn the Chartered Market Technician designation (CMT), certifying that the individual is competent in the use of technical analysis. 
In February 2005, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission recognized levels 1 and 2 of the CMT exam as an alternative to the Series 86 Examination, as part of the rule changes filed by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and NYSE. [http://www.sec.gov/rules/sro/nasd/34-51240.pdf] This recognition on the part of securities regulators and the self-governing bodies of the securities industry provided significant new credibility to technical analysis.
Knowledge Base.
The Knowledge Base is the MTA's repository of key Technical Analysis information. Primarily designed around the MTA Body of Knowledge, it consists of major 'domains,' which break down Technical Analysis content into easy-to-navigate sections. The Knowledge Base is also home to various Technical Analysis blogs, updated weekly with new content.
Members.
Over 4,100 individuals belong to the MTA in over 75 countries worldwide. By occupation, technical analysts (42%) and traders (36%) comprise most of the MTA's members, along with portfolio managers (23%) and brokers (20%). The MTA is governed by a 12-member [http://www.mta.org/eweb/DynamicPage.aspx?webcode=board] board of directors. David Keller is the current president. Past presidents include Ralph Acampora, Phil Roth, Charles Comer, Gail M. Dudack, Mike Epstein, Bruce M. Kamich, David Krell (co-founder and CEO of the International Securities Exchange), Jordan Kotick, Fred Meissner, Robert Prechter, Alan R. Shaw, and Larry Berman.
MTA Educational Foundation.
In 1993 the Market Technicians Association established the MTA Educational Foundation, to "identify and fund educational programs in the field of technical analysis at accredited colleges and universities." 
The foundation's mission has expanded to include the creation and support of a complete technical analysis curriculum, which is now being taught in classrooms at numerous colleges and universities across the country. The University of Richmond in Virginia offered the first fully accredited course in technical analysis in 1996; today more than 20 business schools offer such courses.
The foundation also has an active outreach to financial professionals, via sponsored courses at the New York Society of Security Analysts, the Boston Security Analysts Society and the Centro Studi Bancari in Lugano, Switzerland. The foundation's board of directors includes distinguished university professors and Wall Street professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="9738695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738695" title="John Affleck">
John Affleck

John Affleck (12 February 1710 – 17 February 1776) was a British Tory politician.
He was the second and oldest surviving son of Gilbert Affleck and his wife Anna Dolben, daughter of John Dolben. His younger brother was Sir Edmund Affleck, 1st Baronet. In 1743, he entered the British House of Commons for Suffolk representing the constituency until 1761. Between 1767 and 1768, he sat also as Member of Parliament (MP) for Amersham.
He married Sarah Metcalfe, only daughter of James Metcalfe, and had by her a son.

</doc>
<doc id="9738714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738714" title="St Matthew's Church, Widcombe">
St Matthew's Church, Widcombe

St Matthew's Church in Widcombe is located on Cambridge Place in Widcombe, the southeastern section of Bath, Somerset. Built 1846-1847 principally to designs by Bath City Architect George Phillips Manners, it is situated above the Widcombe Locks of the Kennet and Avon Canal and opposite the Church Room Institute on Cambridge Place. It is one of two churches in the parish of Widcombe, the other being the much older St Thomas à Becket.
The church is dismissively described by Pevsner in his "Buildings of England" guides as "St. Matthew, Cambridge Place, Widcombe. 1846–7 by Manners & Gill. Dull, in the Decstyle, with a [south tower carrying a broach spire."
The tall spire holds 6 bells.
Refurbishment during the 1970s adapted the church for use as a parish hall and provided meeting rooms and venues for various events.
The parish is part of the benefice of Bath Widcombe within the Bath deanery. 

</doc>
<doc id="9738720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738720" title="Betty Walker">
Betty Walker

Betty Walker (August 7, 1928–July 26, 1982) was a Jewish-American comic who performed primarily during the 1950s and 1960s. She was born Edith Seeman in Elizabeth, New Jersey to Latvian immigrants.
Life and career.
Over the course of her career, Betty appeared numerous times on television,
almost always doing her telephone act, wherein she delivered a monologue
to her unseen friend "Ceil" at the other end of the line. She is not to be confused with non-Jewish actress/comedienne Nancy Walker, who appeared on the television shows "Rhoda" and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" as Rhoda's mother, Mrs. Morgenstern. She made guest appearances on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", "The Merv Griffin Show", "The Mike Douglas Show" and "The Steve Allen Show", on the radio, and in film, most notably in "Exodus" in 1960. 
Walker also released several comedy albums including:

</doc>
<doc id="9738741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738741" title="Tin Town">
Tin Town

Tin Town may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9738747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738747" title="Japanese general election, March 1898">
Japanese general election, March 1898

General elections were held in Japan in March 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="9738758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738758" title="Hovhannes Mkrtchyan">
Hovhannes Mkrtchyan

Hovhannes Mkrtchyan (born October 8, 1991 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian figure skater. He is the 2005 Armenian national silver medalist. Mkrtchyan trains in Lake Arrowhead, California and is coached by Rafael Arutunian.

</doc>
<doc id="9738792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738792" title="Ban Muang District">
Ban Muang District

Ban Muang () is a district ("Amphoe") of Sakon Nakhon Province, northeast Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Ban Dung of Udon Thani Province, Fao Rai of Nong Khai Province, So Phisai and Phon Charoen of Bueng Kan Province, Kham Ta Kla, Wanon Niwat and Charoen Sin of Sakon Nakhon Province.
The Songkhram River marks the boundary of the district to the west.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on March 20, 1968, when the three "tambon" Mai, Muang and Dong Mo Thong were split off from Wanon Niwat district. It was upgraded to a full district on November 16, 1971.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 9 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 92 villages ("muban"). The subistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") Ban Muang covers parts of the "tambon" Muang. There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9738793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738793" title="Eva Heinitz">
Eva Heinitz

Eva Heinitz (1907-2001) was a German musician, best known as a cellist but also highly acclaimed for her recordings on the viola da gamba. Heinitz, who was "half Jewish", left her native Berlin after the Nazis came to power, living first in France and later the United States, where she joined the faculty of the University of Washington in Seattle in 1948.
Heinitz was considered for some time to be an authority on the viola da gamba (especially regarding pieces written for the instrument by J.S. Bach), though it was a title she immensely disliked. Heinitz remained active late into her life, and continued teaching and giving occasional interviews until her death.
In 1931, in Berlin, she gave the premiere of the Cello Sonata by John Foulds.

</doc>
<doc id="9738797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738797" title="Brendan Parsons, 7th Earl of Rosse">
Brendan Parsons, 7th Earl of Rosse

William Clere Leonard Brendan Parsons, 7th Earl of Rosse (known as Brendan; born on 21 October 1936), is an Irish peer. He was the eldest son of Laurence Michael Harvey Parsons, 6th Earl of Rosse, and Anne Messel, mother of Lord Snowdon, by an earlier marriage. Lord Rosse was educated at Eton College, Aiglon College, Grenoble University and Christ Church, Oxford. He was an officer in the Irish Guards from 1955–57 and worked for the United Nations from 1963-80. He succeeded his father in 1979. He lives at Birr Castle, Co Offaly. From his birth until he succeeded to the peerage in 1979, he was known as Baron Oxmantown.
During the period 1979-2007, Lord and Lady Rosse facilitated many decades of research by A.P.W. Malcomson, former director of the Public Record Office of Northern Ireland, and latterly sponsored by the Irish Manuscripts Commission, to enable the production, for the first time, of a comprehensive Calendar of the Rosse Papers in 2008. The archive is held in the Muniment Room of Birr Castle. The Calendar is of inestimable value for researchers delving into the history of the Parsons family, including English settlement of the Irish midlands in the seventeenth century, the Williamite wars, early Irish nationalism, the British navy in the eighteenth century, and nineteenth century science and astronomy, and the fate of the landed gentry in the early twentieth century.
Marriage and children.
He married Alison Margaret Cooke-Hurle, daughter of Major John Davey Cooke-Hurle, on 15 October 1966. They have three children:

</doc>
<doc id="9738839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738839" title="Jesse Hall">
Jesse Hall

Jesse Hall is the main administration building for the University of Missouri. Built in 1893 after Academic Hall burned to the ground, the building is one of the major symbols of the University. It is located at the south end of the David R. Francis Quadrangle, often called simply "The Quad." Jesse Auditorium, a popular entertainment venue for touring acts, is located at the east end of the hall.
History.
Academic Hall burned on 9 January 1892, leaving only the famous six columns that now stand in the center of Francis Quadrangle. The fire was ignited by an electric chandelier in the meeting room, the forerunner of Jesse Auditorium, during a debate. 
The "New Academic Hall", just south of the columns, was completed in 1895 at a cost of $250,000. In 1922, the hall was renamed in honor of retiring University president, Richard Henry Jesse.
In 1932, a tornado ripped through Columbia and caused significant damage to the building. In 1982, a severe storm damaged Jesse Hall, resulting in renovations that included a new ball and new slate on the dome, tempered windows, reinforced beams, and a new paint job. The renovations cost roughly $390,000 and were paid for by state funds. On April 23, 1991, an arson fire caused $350,000-$500,000 in damage to the building.
Architecture.
The building is one of the most distinctive on the campus; the dome stands a full 9 stories above the ground, and is actually taller than the building it stands on. It was designed by Morris Frederick Bell and fashioned after Richard M. Upjohn's Connecticut State House of 1872-1878. The dome was first lit in October 1987 to commemorate MU's sesquicentennial celebration. It is normally illuminated at night by bright white lights, but its color is changed to gold for Homecoming and green for Engineers' Week each March.
A winged sphere originally surmounted the dome. The wings broke from the sphere when an exceptionally patriotic individual fastened the staff of a large American flag to the topmost part of the dome. The winged sphere lives on as the symbol of the secret society QEBH.
Jesse Auditorium.
The original entrance to the auditorium was from the quad on the north side. It originally seated 1,200 people, but after being proclaimed a fire hazard the wooden balcony was removed, reducing capacity to only 400. A complete renovation of the auditorium was carried out in 1953 with a design by Jamieson and Spearl, and today it seats 1,732. Many great talents have graced the stage at Jesse. William Jennings Bryan gave his famous "Pending Problems" lecture there in 1900. Today, the University Concert Series books events such as touring Broadway shows, symphony orchestras, singers, and comedians from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9738854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738854" title="Repentance (story)">
Repentance (story)

"Repentance" is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1886. The story details the difficulties of a repentant sinner's attempts to enter Heaven.
Synopsis.
The story opens with the imminent death of a 70-year-old sinner. The man has never done a good deed in his life, and only with his last words did he address God and ask for forgiveness. When the man dies his soul comes before the gates of Heaven, but they are locked. The man knocks and knocks at the gates, but to no avail. Finally, the Accuser decrees that such a sinner cannot enter Heaven, and all the man's sins are recited. The sinner begs to be let in, but Peter the Apostle explains that such a sinner cannot be allowed in. The sinner points out that for all of Peter's virtue, he still sinned by denying Christ. He is still not let in.
The sinner continues his knocking, and is again met by his list of sins by the Accuser. Now King David explains that such a sinner cannot be allowed in. The sinner points out that for all of David's virtue, he still sinned by committing adultery. He is still not let in.
The sinner continues his knocking, and now is spoken to by John the apostle. The sinner pleads with John, saying that he of all people should understand repentance. The repentant sinner is finally allowed into Heaven.

</doc>
<doc id="9738860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738860" title="Lady Ruggers">
Lady Ruggers

The Lady Ruggers are Penn State University's1(PSU) Women's Rugby Football Club sports team, established in 1991. They are a Division I college rugby team who play under USA Rugby2, American rugby's governing body. Although they are an official PSU team the women's rugby program at PSU is not funded as a varsity sport and therefore can not be officially called the "Nittany Lions". They however play other school's varsity teams and get more assistance from the school as a sports program than Penn State's many club sports.
The Alumni Association which supports the team also works with the Penn State's Men's Rugby Team. 
(15's) Division I National Final Four Appearances3.
1993- 3rd Place 
1994- 3rd Place 
1995- 2nd Place
1996- 2nd Place
1997- National Champions (Runner-up Radcliffe)
1998- 2nd Place
2000- National Champions (Runner-up Princeton)
2001- 2nd Place
2002- 2nd Place
2003- 3rd Place
2004- National Champions (Runner-up Princeton)
2005- 2nd Place (Stanford University 53 Penn State 6)
2006- 2nd Place (Stanford University 15 Penn State 12)
2007- National Champions (Penn State 22 Stanford University 21)
2008- 2nd Place (Penn State 10 Stanford University 15)
2009- National Champions (Penn State 46 Stanford University 7)
2010- National Champions (Penn State 24 Stanford University 7)
2011- 2nd Place (Penn State 29 Army 33)
2012- National Champions (Penn State 46 Stanford 15)
2013- National Champions (Penn State 65 Norwhich 10)
USA Sevens Collegiate Rugby Championships.
2011- 2nd Place (Penn State 5 Army 14)
2012- No Event Held
2013- National Champions
Captains.
Captains are selected by team members. To qualify to vote a player must have played with the team for at least one semester at the time of the vote. Coaching staff have no vote. A captain’s term last one semester, but can be reelected an unlimited amount of times.
Fall 2001 - Claudia Braymer '02, Scrumhalf
Spring 2002 - Claudia Braymer '02, Scrumhalf
Spring 2004 - Kim Magrini '04, Scrumhalf
Fall 2004 - Maggie Reed '05, 2nd Row, 8, & Flanker
Spring 2005 - Maggie Reed '05, 2nd Row, 8, & Flanker
Fall 2005 - Amber Benlian '06, Center
Spring 2006 - Amber Benlian '06, Center
Fall 2006 - Diana Klein '07, Fullback
Spring 2007 - Alison Searle '07, Lock
Fall 2007 - Lauren Rosso '09, Outside Center
Spring 2008 - Kristen Snyder '09, Hooker
Fall 2008 - Annie Zeigler '10, Scrumhalf
Spring 2009 - Kristen Snyder '09, Hooker
Fall 2009 - Ann Blair '09, Wing
Spring 2010 - R. Smyers '10, Lock
Fall 2010 - Sadie Anderson '12, Flyhalf
Spring 2011 - Kyle Armstrong '12, Lock
Fall 2011 - Sadie Anderson '12, Flyhalf
References.
1. Penn State University<br>
2. Team's Alumni Website<br>
3. College Champions List

</doc>
<doc id="9738864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738864" title="Doris Orgel">
Doris Orgel

Doris Orgel (born 1929) is a children's literature author. She was born Doris Adelberg in Vienna, Austria February 15, 1929. She currently lives in New York City and is a full-time Children's author.
Her book "The Devil in Vienna" received a Phoenix Award Honor in 1998. Her books "Sarah's Room" and "Dwarf Long-Nose" were illustrated by Hans Christian Andersen Award winning illustrator Maurice Sendak.

</doc>
<doc id="9738871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738871" title="Thyborøn">
Thyborøn

Thyborøn is a fishing village in Jutland, Denmark with a population of 2,119 (1 January 2014), primarily famous for being the site of numerous shipwrecks, such as that of the Imperial Russian naval vessel "Alexander Neuski".
It is located in Region Midtjylland in Lemvig Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="9738884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738884" title="Marek Koterski">
Marek Koterski

Marek Koterski (born June 3, 1942 in Kraków) is a Polish film and theatre director, screenwriter, actor and playwright. 
His son Michał Koterski is an actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9738891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738891" title="We're All Christs">
We're All Christs

"We're All Christs (Wszyscy jesteśmy Chrystusami") is a Polish 2006 film directed by Marek Koterski. It won Best Film at the 2007 Polish Film Awards.
The films depicts the story of a Polish intellectual Adaś Miauczyński. It focuses on his alcoholism problems and his relations with son Sylwek.

</doc>
<doc id="9738916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738916" title="I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes">
I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes

"I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes" is country music song that was originally a hit for Goldie Hill in 1953.
In 1952, Hill was trying to make it as a country artist after signing a contract with Decca Records that year. Her first single, 1952's "Why Talk to My Heart," was not successful. She would have a major hit, however, with this song written by singer Slim Willet and Hill's brother, Tommy. 
The song was an answer song to the big pop music hit Perry Como had with his song "Don't Let the Stars Get In Your Eyes." Slim Willet and Skeets McDonald also recorded country versions of the song that became hits. When Hill and Willet wrote the answer song, it was originally intended for Kitty Wells. The song was then released by Decca Records in late 1952, and became a number-one smash in 1953, turning Goldie Hill into a major star. Although it was a brief stay at the top, Goldie Hill was one of the biggest names in the business, along with Kitty Wells. Hill's success inspired other female country singers to try to make into the music business. Some of these singers later did, like Jean Shepard in 1953, Patsy Cline in 1957, and Skeeter Davis in 1958. 

</doc>
<doc id="9738919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738919" title="1994 Solheim Cup">
1994 Solheim Cup

The third Solheim Cup match took place from October 21 to October 23, 1994 at The Greenbrier, White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, USA. The United States team regained the cup from the European team winning by 13 points to 7.
Teams.
Europe
Format.
A total of 20 points were available. Day 1 was five rounds of foursomes. Day 2 was five rounds of fourballs. The final 10 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay. All ten golfers from each team played on each day.
Day one foursomes.
"Friday, October 21, 1994"
Day two fourball.
"Saturday, October 22, 1994"
Day three singles.
"Sunday, October 23, 1994"

</doc>
<doc id="9738933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738933" title="Cheryle Robinson Jackson">
Cheryle Robinson Jackson

Cheryle Robinson Jackson was appointed on October 2006 to be the first female president and CEO in the 90-year history of the Chicago Urban League.
Prior to her appointment, Jackson served in the administration of Illinois Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich, most recently as deputy chief of staff of communications and before that as communications director and chief press secretary, making her both the first woman and African American to hold the position in the state’s history.
After serving in Gov. Blagojevich's administration for 2½ years, Jackson resigned from her post as result of her disapproval of the governor's leadership. Before joining Gov. Blagojevich’s administration, Jackson spent three years in senior-level government affairs positions with Amtrak as vice president for communications and government affairs. She was responsible for Amtrak’s state and local government affairs and served as spokesperson in 41 states, often during times of crises, including the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
In addition, she served in various capacities at National Public Radio (NPR), including as vice president of communications and brand management, director of corporate communications and director of corporate identity and information. Among her charges, Jackson served as national spokesperson and oversaw the network’s national marketing, advertising and public affairs operations.
Jackson serves as a director on the boards of the Metropolitan Planning Council and the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce and serves on the Chicago 2016 Olympics Committee and the Daniel Burnham Anniversary Planning Committee.
On August 10, 2009, the Associated Press reported that Jackson intends to run for the U.S. Senate seat currently held by Democrat Roland Burris.
Jackson officially launched her bid for the U.S. Senate Seat representing Illinois on September 16, 2009. On February 2, 2010 she was defeated for the Democratic Party nomination by Alexi Giannoulias.
See also.
United States Senate elections in Illinois, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="9738942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738942" title="The Jesus Family Tomb">
The Jesus Family Tomb

The Jesus Family Tomb: The Discovery, the Investigation, and the Evidence That Could Change History (ISBN 0061192023) is a controversial book by Simcha Jacobovici and Charles R. Pellegrino (with a Foreword by James Cameron) published in February 2007. It tells the story of the discovery of the Talpiot Tomb and makes an argument that it is the tomb of Jesus Christ and his "family."
The book is a tie-in with the documentary "The Lost Tomb of Jesus", which was released on the Discovery Channel in early March 2007.
The Names in the Tomb.
The tomb in Talpiot, excavated in 1980 during salvage archaeology, originally contained ten ossuaries - bone boxes for secondary burial. Of the ten, one has disappeared - presumably stolen. Of the other nine, six were inscribed with names: 
The tenth ossuary.
The authors present a case for the ossuary of James, son of Joseph, brother of Jesus (Yaakov ben Yosef akhui diYeshua). This controversial relic, accepted as legitimate by some, is believed by others in the field as fraudulent. Prominent among those who believe its authenticity is Hershel Shanks, editor of Biblical Archaeology Review. An ongoing forgery trial in Israel has failed to disprove its authenticity. These doubts are the result of the ossuary being unprovenanced - that is, not found in a legitimate excavation. The book presents what the authors purport to be firm scientific evidence that the James ossuary is the missing tenth ossuary from the Talpiot tomb. 
The film makers from "The Lost Tomb of Jesus" had the outside layer of dirt tested against the other 9 ossuaries that were found in the tomb, and the dirt on the outside of the James ossuary was proven to be made up of the same minerals as the other 9 ossuaries. In the documentary they stated that this was nearly impossible if not from the same tomb.
Controversy.
Not only are some of the names on the bone boxes relatively common names, but no writings of Jesus' life, canonical or apocryphal, reported a marriage or children. The authenticity of the nine remaining ossuaries, and of the names inscribed on them, is under no doubt or suspicion. However, the identities of these people are open to much controversy and debate. They are either nine otherwise unknown Jewish people from first-century Jerusalem, or Jesus himself and, presumably, eight members of his family. Recently, some of the scholars quoted in the Discovery Channel documentary have issued strong clarifications, backtracking on some of the central claims made in the film and book. Namely, University of Toronto statistician Professor Andrey Feuerverger, whose conservative statistical analysis claimed that the odds were 600:1 in favor of the tomb being the burial site of Jesus' family, has clarified his opinion, saying that these odds relate to the chances that these particular names would be found in one tomb, and not to the particular identification of individuals in the tomb.
Israeli archaeologist Amos Kloner, who was among the first to examine the tomb when it was first discovered, said the names marked on the coffins were very common at the time.
"I don't accept the news that it was used by Jesus or his family", he told the BBC News website.
"The documentary filmmakers are using it to sell their film."
Following a symposium at Princeton in January 2008 the media interest in the Talpiot tomb was reignited with most notably "Time" and CNN devoting extensive coverage, hailing the case as being re-opened. 
Following the media's portrayal scholars present at the symposium accused Simcha Jacobovici and James Cameron for misleading the media in claiming the symposium re-opened their theory as viable. Several scholars, including significantly several of the archaeologists and epigraphers, who had delivered papers at the symposium issued an open letter of complaint claiming misrepresentation, saying that Jacobovici and Cameron's claims of support from the symposium are "nothing further from the truth".
The list of scholars included:

</doc>
<doc id="9738945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738945" title="Four Songs">
Four Songs

Four Songs or 4 Songs or Quatro canciones (Spanish) or Quatre chansons (French) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9738947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738947" title="Von Ebner's gland">
Von Ebner's gland

Ebner's glands, also Von Ebner's glands are exocrine glands found in the mouth. More specifically, they are serous salivary glands which reside adjacent to the moats surrounding the circumvallate and foliate papillae in the posterior one-third of the tongue, anterior to the terminal sulcus.
Von Ebner's glands (also called gustatory glands) are named after Anton Gilbert Victor von Ebner, Ritter von Rosenstein, who was an Austrian histologist.
Von Ebner's glands secrete lingual lipase, beginning the process of lipid hydrolysis in the mouth. These glands empty their serous secretion into the base of the moats around the foliate and circumvallate papillae. This secretion presumably flushes material from the moat to enable the taste buds to respond rapidly to changing stimuli.
Von Ebner's glands are innervated by cranial nerve IX, the glossopharyngeal nerve.

</doc>
<doc id="9738955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738955" title="German submarine U-11">
German submarine U-11

U-11 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
U-11 or U-XI may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9738972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738972" title="Wheat, Tennessee">
Wheat, Tennessee

Wheat was a farming community in Roane County, Tennessee. The area is now in the city of Oak Ridge.
The earliest settlers moved into the area in the late 18th century. However, it was not until 1846 that the area was established as the community of Bald Hill. The name was changed to Wheat in 1880, when a post office was opened and the community took the name of its first postmaster, Frank Wheat.
Early farming residents included John Henry and Elizabeth Inman Welcker. They owned Laurel Banks plantation on the Clinch River from the early 19th century until c. 1840. Records from the time show that the Welckers were active in the purchase and sale of slaves. George Hamilton Gallaher purchased the property in the 1840s, and it is now referred to as the Gallaher-Stone Plantation. The Wheat Community African Burial Ground (AEC #2) and Gallaher-Welcker Cemetery (AEC #1) still survive. The African Burial Ground was long forgotten, but the site was found in 2000 by Will Minter and was cleaned up and marked by U.S. Department of Energy personnel and volunteers. At least some of those buried in the African Burial Ground are believed to have been part of the Gallaher-Stone Plantation; a monument to those held in slavery is on the cemetery grounds.
Wheat eventually included several churches, a seminary/college, several stores, a gas station and a Masonic lodge. Poplar Creek Seminary, founded in 1886 by a Presbyterian minister, later became Roane College. In 1908, the college transferred ownership of the building to Wheat High School.
The community of Wheat was dissolved, and residents displaced, in 1942 when the United States Government purchased the land as part of the Manhattan Project. Most of the site remains in federal government ownership, managed by the United States Department of Energy.
The George Jones Memorial Baptist Church is the only Wheat building still standing. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Crawford Presbyterian Church building was torn down for a highway construction project. The cemeteries of both churches are maintained and are still used for burials of former Wheat residents and family members. The Wheat community, including former residents and their families, holds a "homecoming" reunion at the George Jones Church every year on the first Sunday in October. 

</doc>
<doc id="9738983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738983" title="Kamienica (architecture)">
Kamienica (architecture)

Kamienica is a Polish term describing a type of residential (tenement) building made of brick or stone, with at least 2 floors. The word is usually used to describe a building which is incorporated with other, similar buildings in the manner of a terraced house. 
The ground floor is often taken up by shops and businesses, while residential flats occupy the higher floors. Kamienice ("plural") have windows in the front, but not in the gables, since they neighbor closely on others. This type of building is most prevalent in city centres, especially in historical rebuilding of previously destroyed parts of old town districts. The name comes from the Polish word "kamień" ("stone") and dates from the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9738989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738989" title="Protected concerted activity">
Protected concerted activity

Protected Concerted Activity is a legal term used in labor policy to define employee protection against employer retaliation in the United States. It is a legal principle under the subject of the freedom of association. It defines the activities workers may partake in without fear of employer retaliation. In countries where there is relatively robust employee dismissal protection, the protection of protected concerted activity is less of a distinct legal issue. In liberal market societies like the United States, where it is comparatively easy for an employer to fire an employee, the issue of protected concerted activity has become an important employment protection. 
The National Labor Relations Act, the main labor policy governing labor relations in the United States, defines concerted activity in Section 7. 
Section 7 - Employees shall have the right to self-organization, to form, join, or assist labor organizations, to bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing, and to engage in other concerted activities for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection...
Generally speaking, there is protected concerted activity when two or more employees act together to improve their terms and conditions of employment, although it is (on rare occasions) possible for conduct to be so egregious that it becomes unprotected. Employees have a right to advocate in this manner even where there is no union involved. 
At times, protected concerted activity has extended to individual employees, like for example when an employee speaks individually to his or her employer on behalf of him or herself and one or more co-workers about improving workplace conditions. An individual employee who seeks to enforce a collective bargaining agreement will generally be deemed to be engaged in concerted activity. On the other hand, an employee who acts as a "whistleblower" may or may not be engaging in concerted activity; if the complaint is entirely individual and the employee has not discussed it with co-workers, it is unlikely to be protected by the National Labor Relations Act (though it may well be protected under some other public policy).
The Act does not limit the manner, time, or place in which employees can engage in concerted activity. Consequently, in recent years, the General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board has often taken the position that employee conversations about common workplace issues which make use of social media such as Facebook and Twitter are protected against retaliation.

</doc>
<doc id="9738994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738994" title="Cumberland Presbytery">
Cumberland Presbytery

Transylvania Presbytery PC(USA), as it was established in 1786 from part of Abingdon Presbytery, encompassed all of Kentucky, settlements on the Cumberland River in Tennessee, and later the settlements on the Big and Little Miami Rivers in Ohio. The presbytery grew rapidly and in 1799 was divided into three smaller presbyteries. Transylvania Presbytery retained the area to the south and west of the Kentucky River in central Kentucky. West Lexington Presbytery covered the area of Kentucky between the Kentucky River and the Licking River. Washington Presbytery comprised the area northeast of the Licking River and north of the Ohio River. In 1802, these three presbyteries were formed into the Kentucky Synod, separate from the Synod of Virginia. One of the first actions of the Kentucky Synod was to form Cumberland Presbytery from the portion of Transylvania Presbytery south of the Salt River.
Cumberland Presbytery was the heart of the Second Great Awakening. Although ministers in support of the Great Revival of 1800 generally dominated the presbytery, the anti-revival faction dominated Kentucky Synod PC(USA). In 1806, differences between the presbytery and the synod over the revival, ordination standards for ministers, and the literal interpretation of the Westminster Confession of Faith resulted in Cumberland Presbytery being dissolved back into Transylvania Presbytery. The former members of Cumberland Presbytery fought for their position for a number of years in the hope that Kentucky Synod would reconsider. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA), while stating that Kentucky Synod had made an error of judgement, took no action to reinstate Cumberland Presbytery. In 1810, the former members of Cumberland Presbytery reformed the presbytery as the Cumberland Presbyterian Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9739005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739005" title="Lemvig Museum">
Lemvig Museum

The Lemvig Museum is a local museum in Lemvig, Denmark. It has a number of exhibits about local points of interest, most notably the wreck of the Russian warship Alexander Neuski in 1868, which is the subject of a major multimedia exhibition.
Also featured as part of the museum is the "Planetary Path," a trail which features a model of the solar system at a 1 to 1 billion scale.

</doc>
<doc id="9739008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739008" title="St Michael's Church, Bath">
St Michael's Church, Bath

St Michael's Church is a Church of England parish church in Bath, Somerset.
Background.
It is located between Broad and Walcot Streets, which both merge onto Northgate Street. Located next to the Post Office Building, the south tower (referred to as the W tower) fronts Northgate street and dominates Bath's skyline. The current structure was designed by George Phillips Manners. It possesses a fine example of a Sweetland Organ.
The Church of St Michael's is known as St Michael's Without - it being the first church to be found outside the original city walls when exiting from the North Gate. The parish itself is known as St Michael's with St Paul's.
From Mondays to Saturdays, the church plays host to a cafe serving hot drinks, cakes and snacks.
Medieval Church.
The parish has been located here, outside the walls, since medieval times. It was outside the Northgate and would have been passed by wool merchants traveling on London Road. The area that would in Georgian times be called Bath New Town (not to be confused with neighboring Bathwick New Town) was known as St. Michael's.
Georgian Church.
Designed and constructed by craftsmen J. Harvey between 1734 and 1742, the structure featured an impressive dome and was half the size of the current Victorian structure.
Victorian Church.
“St. Michael, Broad Street. At the sharp corner with Walcot Street and in the "point de vue" up Northgate Street. The church is of medieval original and lay originally "ante muros". The present church is of 1835-7, by G. P. Manners. Its immediate predecessor dated from 1742 and had a dome (Collinson). Manner’s church displays a crazy W tower, tall and narrow with a huge group of three stepped lancet arches, buttresses with the stepped-set offs of Wells, and at the top a tall octagonal open lantern with spire. The tower is flanked by polygonal porches. The sides have the same buttresses and the same group of lancets. – A “hall-church” inside, that is with aisles the same height as the nave. Thin tall circular piers with four attached shafts. Quadripartite plaster rib-vaulting. Polygonal apse with tall blank arcading. – PAINTING. Two panels attributed to William Hoare and Rombinson. – PLATE. Paten by Clare 1720; Chalice, Flagon and three Dishes by George Wickes 1743; Cup 1797; two Almsdishes 1828. – MONUMENT. Ritual W side of S porch, i.e. really N side of SE porch. Probably by the same hand as the Coward monument in the Abbey, with a weeping putto by an urb. It is to Samuel Emes; date illegible.”

</doc>
<doc id="9739033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739033" title="Whores Moaning">
Whores Moaning

Whores Moaning (or "Whore's Moaning") is an EP by Sonic Youth released on February 1993. It was released exclusively in Australia to coincide with 1993 tour dates in Australia and New Zealand. The name of the EP is a reference to Nirvana's Australian tour EP "Hormoaning", released a year previously.
Content.
Basically the "Sugar Kane" single with some tweaking, it features the radio edit of "Sugar Kane", "Personality Crisis" from a Sassy Magazine flexi-disc (recorded July '90), a prototype instrumental of "Shoot" from December 1991 called "The End of the End of the Ugly", "Is It My Body" from the Sub Pop Alice Cooper tribute (recorded April 1991), and the lengthy instrumental "Tamra" from November 1991. The record was re-released in the United States on blue vinyl on Saturday April 16, 2011 for record store day.
Packaging.
The cover artwork is a photocopy of one of Kurt Cobain's dolls by Kevin Kerslake. The back features a drawing by Cobain.

</doc>
<doc id="9739039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739039" title="Symphony No. 26 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 26 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 26 in E-flat major, Perger 17, Sherman 26, MH 340, written in Salzburg in 1783, was the first in the set of the only three symphonies of Haydn's published in his lifetime. It was one of several E-flat major symphonies attributed to Joseph Haydn (Hob. I:Es17).
Scored for 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns and strings, in three movements:
The first of these movements is now acknowledged by scholars to have been an important influence on Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Symphony No. 39, K. 543 in the same key.
Discography.
This symphony is included on disc 6 of a set of 20 symphonies on the CPO label with Bohdan Warchal conducting the Slovak Philharmonic. It has also been recorded by Capella Savaria conducted by Pál Németh on the Hungaroton label, and by Florian Heyerick with the Academia Palatina on the label "Etcetera".

</doc>
<doc id="9739043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739043" title="Maru's Mission">
Maru's Mission

"Maru's Mission" is an action video game released in 1991 by Jaleco for the original Game Boy. It was released in Japan as on September 28, 1990. On January 18, 2012, it was released to the Japanese 3DS Virtual Console and later in North America on February 9, 2012.
It is the first game from the "Jajamaru" series, aside from the loosely related "Ninja Taro", to be released in North America, until the release of "Ninja JaJaMaru-kun" through the Virtual Console. The soundtrack, as well as many sprites and some cut-scenes of the North American version are different from the original Japanese.
Gameplay.
Maru's girlfriend Cori is kidnapped and hidden in a secret location. The player is Maru, and moves through six levels based on various folklore monsters.

</doc>
<doc id="9739086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739086" title="Fluor-buergerite">
Fluor-buergerite

Fluor-buergerite, originally named buergerite, is a mineral species belonging to the tourmaline group. It was first described for an occurrence in rhyolitic cavities near Mexquitic, San Luis Potosi, Mexico. It was approved as a mineral in 1966 by the IMA and named in honor of Martin J. Buerger (1903–1986) Professor of Mineralogy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It has also been reported from Minas Gerais, Brazil, and the Central Bohemia Region of the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="9739096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739096" title="Michael Parsons, 6th Earl of Rosse">
Michael Parsons, 6th Earl of Rosse

Lawrence Michael Harvey Parsons, 6th Earl of Rosse (28 September 1906 - 5 July 1979) was an Irish peer. He was the son of William Edward Parsons, 5th Earl of Rosse, whom he succeeded in 1918, and Frances Lois Lister-Kaye. He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford
Lord Rosse was active in the National Trust, and served as Chancellor of the University of Dublin.
Marriage and children.
Rosse married Anne Messel, daughter of Lt.-Col. Leonard Charles Rudolph Messel, on 19 September 1935. They had two children:
Anne Messel, by her first marriage to Ronald Armstrong-Jones, was the mother of Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon, who in 1960 married The Princess Margaret, sister of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9739098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739098" title="Charles Greenwood (soldier)">
Charles Greenwood (soldier)

Charles Greenwood (5 November 1853, Nottingham, England – 1927) was the father of Victoria Cross winner Harry Greenwood. 
He was a colour sergeant of the Grenadier Guards and a Yeoman of the Guard in his own right. As a yeoman of the guard until his death in 1927 he took part in royal ceremonies - he stood guard at the lying in state of King Edward VII.
He was interred at Tottenham Cemetery, London.

</doc>
<doc id="9739100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739100" title="Symphony No. 17 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 17 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 17 in E major, Perger 44, Sherman 17, MH 151, is believed to have been written in Salzburg after 1771. It is the third of four E major symphonies attributed to Joseph Haydn.
Scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns and strings, in four movements:
Horns in E are used in the whole piece except for the Andante (oboes stay) and the Trio (has a flute solo).

</doc>
<doc id="9739105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739105" title="Honorina">
Honorina

Saint Honorina () is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church. She is the oldest, most revered virgin martyr in the Normandy area of France. Not much is known of her — a tradition that exists in the diocese of Rouen that Honorina was a member of the Calates, who was martyred during the persecutions of Diocletian. The spot of her martyrdom is said to have been Mélamare between Lillebonne and Harfleur. Her body was thrown into the Seine and would have drifted to Graville-Sainte-Honorine, where it was collected by Christians and buried in a tomb.
Another tradition holds that she was martyred at Coulonces. Other traditions place Honorina's martyrdom in the Pays d'Auge, where several villages bear her name.
Relics.
In 876, with the coast threatened by the Normans, the monks guarding her relics moved them closer to the interior, at the confluence of the Seine and the Oise, placing them in the chapel associated with a fortress. On June 21, 1082, the castle of Conflans was destroyed during a siege. The monks therefore decided to build a church outside of the town walls, dedicated to Honorina. Her relics were transported solemnly in the presence of the bishop of Paris. The town to this day is called Conflans-Sainte-Honorine.
Veneration.
A confraternity was founded in her honor in later years, and special indulgences associated with her cult were also approved. Saint Honorina is the patron saint of boatmen, since Conflans-Sainte-Honorine became a port of arrival for the tugs that travel on the rivers and canals of northern France.
Prisoners who were liberated thanks to the divine intercession of Saint Honorina brought their chains as an ex-voto.
A regional pilgrimage, on Ascension Day, developed thanks to the monks of the priory of Conflans, who were associated with Bec Abbey.
There are several French towns that are named Sainte-Honorine.

</doc>
<doc id="9739127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739127" title="KORA-FM">
KORA-FM

KORA (98.3 FM)is a long-running radio station in Bryan, Texas currently owned by Brazos Valley Communications, LLC. Its format is Country, with emphasis on Texas artists and groups. Its Program Director is Adam Drake. 
Personalities include: Roger 'WWW' Garrett Morning Show with Jessy, Brandie Alexander, Adam Drake, Mel Hering, Rowdy and Dr. Ron.

</doc>
<doc id="9739130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739130" title="Lithuanian auksinas">
Lithuanian auksinas

The auksinas was the name of two currencies of Lithuania
First Auksinas.
The auksinas was the currency of Lithuania in the 17th century. It was a silver coin, sub-divided into 30 grašis, with 3 auksinas = 1 taleris. [http://www.lbank.lt/lt/leidiniai/pinigu_studijos1999_2/sajauskas.pdf] It was equivalent to the Polish złoty, with the name also meaning "gold", and was replaced by the złoty as the currency of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Second auksinas.
The auksinas was the name given to the ostmark in 1919, at a time when notes issued by Germany and 1000 ost markių notes issued by the "Lietuvos Ūkio Bankas" were in circulation. Plans to issue currency denominated in auksinas and "skatikas" ( auksinas) did not come to fruition and the litas was instead introduced in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="9739138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739138" title="RGA">
RGA

RGA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9739148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739148" title="Brynrefail">
Brynrefail

Brynrefail is a small village in north-east Anglesey, Wales.
Location.
It is located in the civil parish of Moelfre on the A5025 between Amlwch and Benllech.
Amenities.
As the settlement is very small it has very few amenities. Those it does have include a late 19th-century church, a craft shop/general store, a garden centre and a community hall which was opened in 1995. The island's only paintball site is located close to the village and "Tyddyn Mon", a 'Learning Disability Wales' centre, is found in the village.
The village is on bus route 62 which runs every half an hour between Bangor and Amlwch. It is the best stop for the beaches of Dulas Bay and Lligwy Bay (which are about 1.5 miles away) as well as the nearby camping and caravan sites.
Four men from the village lost their lives in World War II. Their names are displayed on the village war memorial next to the chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="9739165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739165" title="HT Motorsports">
HT Motorsports

HT Motorsports was an American truck racing team from Martinsville, Virginia owned by trucking company owner Jim Harris. It fielded entries for the nine years in the Camping World Truck Series before suspending operations early in 2010.
Truck #24 History.
This team debuted at a test session at Homestead-Miami Speedway as the #92 with Terry Cook driving. He started fifteenth and finished 20th. The #24 originally was intended to be the #11 Toyota for Red Horse Racing but driver David Starr and Zachry Holdings parted ways with the team in December. This team became the #24 for 2009 and Starr had fourteen top-ten finishes. Zachry and Starr left the team after the 2009 season for Randy Moss Motorsports.
Truck #25 History.
HT Motorsports made its NASCAR debut at New Hampshire International Speedway in 2001 as the #92 Learnframe Dodge. It made four starts that season with Stacy Compton and finished in the top ten in each race.
The team then ran at Martinsville Speedway in 2002 as the #17 Duck Head Footwear Dodge Ram driven by Darrell Waltrip. He qualified eighteenth but finished thirty-eighth. Waltrip returned at Indianapolis Raceway Park with Tide sponsorship, and finished sixth. Stacy Compton would drive three additional races that season, posting a best finish of eighth at Richmond.
In 2003, HT switched to the #59 and hired Robert Pressley to drive. Driving with associate sponsorship from Melling Engine Parts, Pressley finished in the top-five four times and finished thirteenth in points. Randy LaJoie ran the first two races of 2004, followed by rookie Mark McFarland. McFarland finished sixth at Mansfield Motorsports Speedway before being cycled out by LaJoie, who had an eighth place finish at Gateway. Andy Houston drove for three races, but did not finish higher than 14th. Sammy Sanders, Bobby Hamilton, Jr., and Scott Lynch finished out the year in the 59.
Pressley returned to HT in 2005, but had only three top-ten finishes and finished 20th in the standings. He was released and replaced by Mike Wallace at the beginning of 2006, but wrecked out of the two races in which he drove for the team. Steve Park became the team's new driver, as the team switched to Ford. Despite a tenth-place finish at Mansfield, he was released after ten races and replaced by Chad Chaffin. After a slow start, the team switched to Toyota and Chaffin finished eighth at Talladega Superspeedway. Terry Cook was named the driver of the 59 for 2007, and had two top-tens and finished fourteenth in points. He was released at the end of the season for Whelen Modified driver Donny Lia, who raced the last race of the season.
For 2008, Ted Musgrave will move to the #59 team, bringing along his ASE sponsorship. In August 2008 ASE announced they will be leaving NASCAR. After 18 races in season, and a wreck in the 1st practice at Las Vegas Motor Speedway, Musgrave & HT Motorsports parted ways. Stacy Compton replaced him later in the day. Joey Logano made his truck series debut at Talladega starting sixth but crashing early. Terry Cook, recently released from Wyler Racing, drove the #59 for the rest of the '08 season. The team switched to the #25 for 2009 with Cook returning. He had nine top-tens but was replaced in the final two races by Mike Bliss.
2010.
For 2010 HT Motorsports has trimmed down its staff. Though the website is down there are rumors that the team may enter a partnership with RMM, though no details have been released yet. 

</doc>
<doc id="9739167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739167" title="Ed Freeman">
Ed Freeman

Ed W. "Too Tall" Freeman (November 20, 1927 – August 20, 2008) was a United States Army helicopter pilot who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in the Battle of Ia Drang during the Vietnam War. During the battle, he flew through gunfire numerous times, bringing supplies to a trapped American battalion and flying dozens of wounded soldiers to safety. Freeman was a wing-man for Major Bruce Crandall who also received the Medal of Honor for the same missions.
Early life.
Freeman was born in Neely, Greene County, Mississippi, the sixth of nine children. When he was 13 years old, he saw thousands of men on maneuvers pass by his home in Mississippi. He knew then that he would become a soldier.
He grew up in nearby McLain, Mississippi McLain and graduated from Washington High School. At age 17, before graduating from high school, Ed enlisted in the U.S. Navy and served, during World War II, on the for two years. Once the war was over, he returned to his hometown and graduated from high school. Immediately afterwards, he joined the Army. On April 30, 1954, he married Barbara Morgan. They had two sons, Mike, born in 1956 and Doug, born in 1965.
Military service.
Beyond his service in the Navy in World War II, he reached the Army rank of first sergeant by the time of the Korean War. Although he was in the Corps of Engineers, he fought as an infantry soldier in Korea. He participated in the Battle of Pork Chop Hill and earned a battlefield commission as one of only 14 survivors out of 257 men who made it through the opening stages of the battle. His second lieutenant bars were pinned on by General James Van Fleet personally. He then assumed command of B Company and led them back up Pork Chop Hill.
The commission made him eligible to become a pilot, a childhood dream of his. However, when he applied for pilot training he was told that, at six feet four inches, he was "too tall" for pilot duty. The phrase stuck, and he was known by the nickname of "Too Tall" for the rest of his career.
In 1955, the height limit for pilots was raised and Freeman was accepted into flying school. He first flew fixed-wing Army airplanes before switching to helicopters. After the Korean War, he flew the world on mapping missions. By the time he was sent to Vietnam in 1965, he was an experienced helicopter pilot and was placed second-in-command of his sixteen-craft unit. He served as a captain in Company A, 229th Assault Helicopter Battalion, 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile).
Vietnam War.
On November 14, 1965, Freeman and his unit transported a battalion of American soldiers to the Ia Drang Valley. Later, after arriving back at base, they learned that the soldiers had come under intense fire and had taken heavy casualties. Enemy fire around the landing zones was so heavy that the landing zone was closed to medical evacuation helicopters. Freeman and his commander, Major Bruce Crandall, volunteered to fly their unarmed, lightly armored UH-1 Huey in support of the embattled troops. Freeman made a total of fourteen trips to the battlefield, bringing in water and ammunition and taking out wounded soldiers under heavy enemy fire in what was later named the Battle of Ia Drang.
Freeman was subsequently promoted to the rank of major, designated as a Master Army Aviator, and was sent home from Vietnam in 1966.
Medal of Honor.
Freeman's commanding officer nominated him for the Medal of Honor for his actions at Ia Drang, but not in time to meet a two-year deadline then in place. He was instead awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. The Medal of Honor nomination was disregarded until 1995, when the two-year deadline was removed. He was formally presented with the medal on July 16, 2001, in the East Room of the White House by President George W. Bush.
Freeman's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Captain Ed W. Freeman, United States Army, distinguished himself by numerous acts of conspicuous gallantry and extraordinary intrepidity on 14 November 1965 while serving with Company A, 229th Assault Helicopter Battalion, 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile). As a flight leader and second in command of a 16-helicopter lift unit, he supported a heavily engaged American infantry battalion at Landing Zone X-Ray in the Ia Drang Valley, Republic of Vietnam. The unit was almost out of ammunition after taking some of the heaviest casualties of the war, fighting off a relentless attack from a highly motivated, heavily armed enemy force. When the infantry commander closed the helicopter landing zone due to intense direct enemy fire, Captain Freeman risked his own life by flying his unarmed helicopter through a gauntlet of enemy fire time after time, delivering critically needed ammunition, water and medical supplies to the besieged battalion. His flights had a direct impact on the battle's outcome by providing the engaged units with timely supplies of ammunition critical to their survival, without which they would almost surely have gone down, with much greater loss of life. After medical evacuation helicopters refused to fly into the area due to intense enemy fire, Captain Freeman flew 14 separate rescue missions, providing life-saving evacuation of an estimated 30 seriously wounded soldiers -- some of whom would not have survived had he not acted. All flights were made into a small emergency landing zone within 100 to 200 meters of the defensive perimeter where heavily committed units were perilously holding off the attacking elements. Captain Freeman's selfless acts of great valor, extraordinary perseverance and intrepidity were far above and beyond the call of duty or mission and set a superb example of leadership and courage for all of his peers. Captain Freeman's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit and the United States Army.
Civilian life.
He retired from the military in 1969. Freeman and his family settled in the Treasure Valley area of Idaho, his wife Barbara's home state. He continued to work as a pilot. He flew helicopters for another 20 years, fighting wildfires, conducting animal censuses, and herding wild horses for the Department of the Interior until his second retirement in 1991. By then, he had 17,000 flight hours in helicopters, 22,000 overall.
Death and legacy.
Freeman died on August 20, 2008 due to complications from Parkinson's disease. He was buried with full military honors at the Idaho State Veterans Cemetery in Boise.
In the 2002 film "We Were Soldiers", which depicted the Battle of Ia Drang, Freeman was portrayed by Mark McCracken. The post office in Freeman's hometown of McLain, Mississippi, was renamed the "Major Ed W. Freeman Post Office" in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9739191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739191" title="Joseph-Beth Booksellers">
Joseph-Beth Booksellers

Joseph-Beth Booksellers is an independent bookseller with four stores in the United States. It formerly operated a total of seven under the Joseph-Beth name and two under the Davis-Kidd Booksellers name. The name "Joseph-Beth" derives from the middle names of its two founders, Neil and Mary Beth Van Uum. They opened their first store in Lexington, Kentucky in November 1986. 
In 1989, they were recognized by the Greater Lexington Chamber of Commerce as the "1989 Small Business of the Year".
In 1997, the company absorbed 4 Davis-Kidd Booksellers stores in Tennessee in Nashville, Knoxville, Memphis, and Jackson. The Nashville and Memphis locations remained open and continued to operate under the Davis-Kidd name.
On November 11, 2010 Joseph-Beth filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and closed the Davis-Kidd location in Nashville, as well Joseph-Beth locations in Pittsburgh, Charlotte, and one of the two locations in Northeast Ohio. In May 2011, the company and three of its stores were purchased by the Lexington, Kentucky store's landlord. The Fredericksburg, Virginia Joseph-Beth and the Memphis, Tennessee Davis-Kidd locations were initially sold to a liquidator. However, Joseph-Beth founder Neil Van Uum was able to purchase the Memphis location with the financial backing of the Memphis landlord from the liquidators and continues to operate the store as The Booksellers at Laurelwood, as the Davis-Kidd name was purchased in the bankruptcy auction. The remaining three Joseph-Beth locations—Lexington, Cincinnati and the Cleveland Clinic specialty store—remain in operation under the new owner.
On November 14, 2011 Joseph-Beth opened their fourth location at Crestview Town Center in Crestview Hills, Kentucky. 

</doc>
<doc id="9739205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739205" title="Italian Ambassador to Romania">
Italian Ambassador to Romania

Ambassadors of Italy have been sent to Romania from as early as October 27, 1878, when the Romanian Principality gained its independence from the Ottoman Empire (as a result of the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878). 
Annibale Strambio was appointed Consul and Agent of the Kingdom of Sardinia in Bucharest soon after the emergence of the United Principalities through the 1859 union between Moldavia and Wallachia (at a time when, in the aftermath of the Crimean War, Sardinia was one of the European powers overseeing the new state). Between the two dates, Sardinia ensured Italian unification, with Strambio being the first to represent the new Italian state.

</doc>
<doc id="9739213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739213" title="Japanese House of Councillors election, 1956">
Japanese House of Councillors election, 1956

House of Councillors elections were held in Japan on July 8, 1956 electing half the seats in the House plus two vacant seats in the other half. The Liberal Democratic Party won the most seats, but failed to win a majority. It was the first national election under the 1955 System, approximately a two party system of Ichirō Hatoyama's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) that was created in the "conservative merger" of 1955 and Suzuki Mosaburō's reunified Japan Socialist Party (JSP). The later dominant LDP failed to win a majority.
A key campaign issue was Prime Minister Ichirō Hatoyama's plan to revise Article 9 of the constitution – any change of the constitution requires a two-thirds majority in both chambers of the Diet. The left parties aimed to win at least a third of seats to prevent any constitutional change. Another issue was the government's plan to replace the elected prefectural boards of education with appointed ones, a plan fiercely opposed by the left: In June 1956, on the LDP's request the police intervened in the "deliberations" in the Diet when Socialist Councillors resorted to violence.
Results.
Two by-elections for the class of Councillors elected in 1953 were held simultaneously: The candidates with the 51st and 52nd highest vote shares in the national vote (one Socialist and one Liberal Democrat) were elected for three-year terms.

</doc>
<doc id="9739233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739233" title="The Actors' Temple">
The Actors' Temple

The Actors' Temple, officially named Congregation Ezrath Israel, is a synagogue founded in 1917 in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Located at 339 West 47th Street since 1923, the temple was originally dubbed "The West Side Hebrew Relief Association," and it was the synagogue of choice for the entertainment industry. Many vaudeville, musical theater, television, and nightclub performers attended services there, including Sophie Tucker, Shelley Winters, Milton Berle, Al Jolson, Jack Benny, Joe E. Lewis, Edward G. Robinson, as well as several of the Three Stooges.
The temple declined after World War II as actors moved to California and the neighborhood changed, going from 300 members to approximately 30 in 2009. In 2005, in order to bring in additional income, the temple started renting out dance rehearsal space to New Dance Group as well as temporarily transforming into a theatre for plays. However, even with this additional income, the $120,000 annual operating costs used up the $2 million endowment by 2009. Despite these challenges, the temple continues to operate. In fact, the temple had a large fund raising program in 2011. In addition the congregation has grown to 120 dues paying members.

</doc>
<doc id="9739239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739239" title="George Newman (doctor)">
George Newman (doctor)

Sir George Newman GBE, KCB (23 October 1870 – 26 May 1948) was an English public health physician, Quaker, the first Chief Medical Officer to the Ministry of Health in England, and wrote a seminal treatise on the social problems causing infant mortality.
Biography.
George Newman was born in Leominster, Herefordshire, the fourth of six children of Henry Stanley Newman and Mary Ann Pumphrey. His father was a Quaker who undertook several missionary journeys, including one to India, and edited The Friend, a Quaker journal. Newman was educated at two Quaker schools, Sidcot School in North Somerset (1881–1885) and Bootham School in York (1885–1887). He initially planned to become a missionary, but then decided to study medicine, starting at the University of Edinburgh Medical School and continuing at King's College London. After qualifying he studied for his M.D. at Edinburgh, receiving the gold medal for his year, before winning a scholarship to study public health and gaining his Diploma in Public Health in 1895 from the University of Cambridge.
He became a demonstrator in bacteriology and lecturer in infectious diseases at King's. In 1900 he became Medical Officer to the Borough of Finsbury in inner London and the rural county of Bedfordshire. His experiences in these posts led him to publish "Infant Mortality: a Social Problem" in 1906. This has remained a medical classic, pointing out the unchanged infant mortality rate over the preceding fifty years, and identifying the causes and areas potentially open to intervention. In 1907 he was appointed by Sir Robert Morant, Permanent Secretary to the Board of Education, as Chief Medical Officer to the Board, and in 1919 he was also appointed Chief Medical Officer to the Ministry of Health. The annual reports he wrote for both these posts were widely acclaimed as important and influential
In August 1898 he married Adelaide Constance Thorp, who was an artist; they had no children. They lived at Harrow Weald after he retired in 1935. He died in 1948 at The Retreat, York.
Quaker.
Born into a Quaker family, he remained a committed Christian throughout his life. From 1899, for some forty years, he was the (anonymous) editor of the "Friends' Quarterly Examiner", a Quaker journal. In autumn 1914 he was involved in the establishment of the Friends' Ambulance Unit, which provided medical care for soldiers and civilians in the war zone, and following the introduction of conscription in 1916 he helped to negotiate exemptions for Quakers already serving with the FAU.
Education.
In 1923 Newman was invited to address the centenary celebrations of his old school, Bootham. He referred to Alcuin, an eighth century educator and deacon whose three guiding principles were: holy living and holy learning; teaching understanding rather than repetition; and, finally, that education should be 'wisely and liberally furnished'. Newman believed that Quaker schools such as Bootham embodied these principles. He maintained an interest in medical education, and in 1923 he wrote "Recent Advances in Medical Education."
Public Health.
His initial contribution, "Infant Mortality: a Social Problem", was the forerunner of many writings about public health which proved respected and influential, including: "Hygiene and Public Health" in 1917, "Outline of the Practice of Preventative Medicine" in 1919, "The Rise of Preventative Medicine" in 1932, and "The Building of the Nation’s Health" in 1939. His annual reports as the Chief Medical Officer to the Ministry of Health were eagerly awaited each year, and were widely regarded as authoritative monographs on a variety of aspects of this field.

</doc>
<doc id="9739241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739241" title="Samuel Krauss">
Samuel Krauss

Samuel Krauss (Ukk, February 18, 1866 - Cambridge, June 4, 1948) was professor at the Jewish Teachers' Seminary, Budapest, 1894–1906, and at the Jewish Theological Seminary, Vienna, 1906-1938. He came to England as a refugee and spent his last years at Cambridge.
He was a contributor to the Jewish Encyclopedia as "S. Kr."
"Professor Krauss's scholarship encompassed every area of ancient Judaism." In 1910, he became a pioneer in Talmudic archaeology with the publication of "Talmudische Archäologie", which was reprinted in Hebrew in 1924. In 1998, his 1922 study of the ancient synagogue, "Synagogale Altertümer", was still considered essential reading on the topic.
In 1935 he published a comprehensive and detailed study of Biblical names of ninety eight then modern nations.

</doc>
<doc id="9739244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739244" title="NECC">
NECC

NECC is a four-letter abbreviation which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9739251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739251" title="LOR Radio Argentina">
LOR Radio Argentina

Created by Enrique Telémaco Susini, LOR Radio Argentina was the first national broadcast radio station in Argentina. It operated continuously from 1920 to 1997.
First broadcast.
After returning to Argentina from Europe in 1919, the radio pioneer Enrique Telémaco Susini started working on the conversion of an old circus site into the "Teatro Coliseo" theater. Together with his friends Miguel Mugica, Cesar Guerrico and Luis Romero Carranza, he started planning for a radio transmission from there, strongly supported by the two Italian owners, Faustino da Rossa and Walter Mocchi.
During 1920, while the group was working on the project, news reached them of Marconi's successful broadcast of a concert in New York that had taken place on May 19. Even though it was somewhat of a disappointment that their broadcast would not be the world's first, the preparations continued at a rapid pace.
On August 27, they were finally ready. The theatre was showing the opera Parsifal by Richard Wagner. Susini and his coworkers had set up a 5W transmitter on the roof using a RS-5 Telefunken tube, operating in 350m, along with a wire antenna connected to the dome on top of a neighboring building. To pick up the sound in the theater, they used a microphone originally designed to aid people with hearing loss.
Around 8:30 pm, Susini himself took the microphone and inaugurated regular radio broadcast service in Argentina with the words:
The transmission continued for about three hours and was received as far as Santos in Brazil, where it was picked up by a ship's radio operator. The number of listeners was limited, since the crystal set radios used at the time were rare and difficult to operate, requiring tedious fine-tuning of a lead glass crystal and installation of a wire antenna several meters long. But the newspaper La Razón published a raving review, and even president Hipólito Yrigoyen commended Susini and his group for their accomplishment.
Radio Argentina.
During the next 19 days, the group continued to broadcast from the theater, transmitting mostly Italian operas such as Verdi's Aida and Rigoletto. After the season at the "Teatro Coliseo" was over, they started creating productions under their own name. By now they officially called their station "Radio Argentina". Radio Argentina would continue broadcasting until its demise on December 31, 1997.
At first, it was run solely by the four friends. The polyglot Susini himself performed songs in Spanish, French, German, Italian and Russian, assuming a different stage name each time so the listeners would not notice.
During the following years, radio broadcasting in Argentina saw a quick expansion. In 1921, Buenos Aires mayor Juan Barnetche introduced official broadcasting licenses. In the same year, Radio Club Argentina was founded, becoming the first such association on American soil. In October 1922, Radio Argentina broadcast live from the inauguration of president Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear, an historic first. Two months later, the first competitors arrived - Italian-owned "Corporación Argentina de Radio Sud América", "Radio Brusa" and "Radio Cultura", all three founded within an interval of three days.
In 1924, the radio industry in Argentina went through a brief crisis, during which Radio Argentina had to be financially supported by an association of industrialists named "Asociación Argentina de Broadcasting".
While competitor Radio Sud América went into bankruptcy, and was taken over by Radio Argentina, Radio Argentina itself survived, even though it had to briefly adopt the name of its benefactors. The station now broadcast from the famous Teatro Colón opera as well as from the (Tango-) Club Abdullah, and other venues. Adding to the variety of the schedule was Argentina's first regular radio journal.
1925 saw the introduction of mandatory callsigns for radio stations, and from now on the station was known as LOR Radio Argentina (changed 1934 into LR2 Radio Argentina, it being the second station on the dial from the left). It also entered a collaboration with the daily newspaper "Crítica", remaining under the direction of Susini and his friends but adopting the name
"LOR Broadcasting de Crítica". This arrangement lasted a little more than a year, before the station returned to its original name and ownership.
The station closed on January 1, 1997, after a religious show. This was due to economic problems caused by a bad administration.

</doc>
<doc id="9739278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739278" title="German submarine U-19">
German submarine U-19

U-19 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="9739286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739286" title="SRM Nightingale School">
SRM Nightingale School

SRM Nightingale Higher Secondary School in Chennai, India, is also known as Florence Nightingale School.
SRM Nightingale Matriculation Higher Secondary School was founded in 1969. It was taken over by SRM in 1981. It was among the first institutes under the banner of the Valliammai Society.
Having run education programmes at the secondary and higher secondary school levels, the Valliammai Society started university level programmes, leading to graduate and post-graduate degrees at the institutions of the SRM Group.
The school has laboratories, a library, and computers. The school runs a branch at Ashok Nagar.
Valliammai Society.
The SRM University is part of the 35 year old SRM Group of Educational Institutions, sponsored by the Valliammai Society. The Valliammai Society was founded by Thiru. T. R. Pachamuthu, an educationist, in the name of his mother Tmt. R. Valliammai.
The Valliammai Society runs educational institutions under the SRM (Sri Ramasamy Memorial) Group, named after his father, Thiru. Ramasamy. Thiru. Pachamuthu, the Chairman, SRM Group of Institutions, beginning his career as a teacher, now serves the community as a Chancellor. Thiru. Pachamuthu, Chairman of the Valliammai Society is assisted by Thiru. P. Ravi as the Co-Chairman, Thiru P. Sathyanarayanan as the Vice-Chairman, Dr. R. Shivakumar as the Secretary and Tmt. Easwari Pachamuthu as the Treasurer of the Society.
The Valliammai Society began its educational activities in 1969 by starting a Primary School in the name of Florence Nightingale and upgrading the status to Matriculation Higher Secondary School in 1981. In 1984, SRM ventured into higher education with the launch of the Valliammai Polytechnic. The year 1985 saw the birth of the SRM Engineering College, the flagship institution of the group.
During 1992-93 the Group ventured into medical education and started SRM College of Nursing and SRM College of Pharmacy. During 1993-94 two more medical institutions namely SRM School of Nursing and SRM College of Physiotherapy were added. During the same year, the Group entered into hotel management education. The SRM Institute of Hotel Management was started in 1993, having two campuses, one at Chennai and the other at Tiruchirapalli. Each campus of these institutes has a hotel attached it.
In 1993 SRM Arts and Science College was added to the group. In 1995, the SRM Dental College was launched,with a dental hospital attached to the college. In 1996 the Valliammai Polytechnic received much-needed relief with the launch of a sister institution, the SRM Polytechnic. In 1996 Thiru Pachamuthu opened another engineering college in the name of his wife and called it Easwari Engineering College.
In the same year the SRM College of Occupational Therapy was added to the Group of Medical Educational Institutions. In 1997 the group made an entry into north India with the launch of the SRM Institute of Management and Technology in Delhi. In 1999 the Valliammai Society added a third engineering college in the name of Valliammai Engineering College.

</doc>
<doc id="9739291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739291" title="That they all may be one">
That they all may be one

That they all may be one is a phrase derived from a verse in the "Farewell Discourse" in the Gospel of John () which says:
The phrase forms the basis of several ecumenical movements and united and uniting denominational traditions. It is also a common sermon topic on church unity. 
The phrase is the official motto of the Church of South India. The Latin version, "Ut Omnes Unum Sint", is the motto of the World Student Christian Federation, the University of Mainz, the United Church of Canada and the YMCA. The United Church of Christ has the same motto except for a change in the place of one word: "That they "may all" be one." 
The phrase is also the motto of the Graymoor Friars (the Society of the Atonement). They have used this phrase for over 100 years to describe the apostolate of the order. The Society of The Atonement started the worldwide observance of "The Church Unity Octave." The work of this Roman Catholic, Franciscan, religious order is Ecumenism.
Pope John Paul II published an encyclical under the Vulgate form this title, "Ut Unum Sint".
It is also one of two mottoes of Spalding Grammar School in Lincolnshire, England. It is the motto of Achimota School located in Accra, Ghana and both Strathmore School and Strathmore University in Nairobi, Kenya. St. Pauls School www.stpauls-rourkela.org/ in Rourkela Orissa India also bears this motto on its Badge.

</doc>
<doc id="9739292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739292" title="Detlev F. Neufert">
Detlev F. Neufert

Detlev F. Neufert (*1948) is a German author, filmmaker, photographer and current president of the German Thai Media Association.
Neufert studied philosophy, German literature and theology before becoming a film director of features and documentaries (including short films on Bob Dylan, Frank Zappa and Patti Smith) for German television. His film "Take away the night " premièred at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. In 1985-86, Neufert held a lectureship for German film at the University of California, Santa Barbara. 
Neufert is also known for his work for the Süddeutsche Zeitung, one of Germany's leading newspapers, and for German television channels ARD and ZDF. He is also a book author (f.e. "Isan, My Love", and "1968 or Angle, Fly"). In 1998 he became the deputy president of the German art party "Chance 2000" founded by Christoph Schlingensief. 
Neufert works and lives in Berlin and Bangkok.
Selected bibliography.
" Jesus Christus. Das Interview." epubli Verlag, berlin 2013

</doc>
<doc id="9739300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739300" title="Eddie Kulukundis">
Eddie Kulukundis

Sir Eddie Kulukundis OBE (born 1932 in London) is a member of a Greek shipping family whose professional career has spanned shipping and the theatre.
As a philanthropist he has donated in excess of £2 million to British athletics and theatre groups. Kulukundis was made an OBE for services to British sport in 1993, and knighted for services to British theatre and sport in 1998. He is married to the British actress Susan Hampshire.
Biography.
A member of the Kulukundis family, a Greek shipping family who had made their home in London, Kulukundis was born at 26 Warbeck Street, W2 in 1932.
His parents moved to New York when he was eight. Kulukundis was not an active sportsman and took the role of statistician, keeping score. He graduated from Salisbury School in 1950, and is now an Emeritus Trustee of the school.
Shipping.
The Kulukundis and Mavroleon families had formed the shipping company London & Overseas Freighters (LOF) in 1948. Kulukundis entered the shipping industry by working on tramp steamers in the Mediterranean. After the death of his uncle John Kulukundis in September 1978, Kulukundis joined the LOF board. The company suffered mounting losses, and after it had sold all but two of its ships and all shoreside assets, he resigned on 11 December 1985.
He rejoined the board of the much reduced company in 1988 following the death of company president Manuel Kulukundis, and also the death of his nephew, Minas Kulukundis, in the Lockerbie air disaster while flying to attend the funeral of his uncle and godfather Captain Nicholas Kulukundis. On 1 November 1997 LOF was sold to Frontline Freighters AB of Sweden and Kulukundis resigned from the board. He still holds positions with family company Company Rethymnis and Kulukundis Ltd, which celebrated its 150th anniversary in 1998.
Theatre.
A theatre impresario, Kulukundis started producing plays while resident in the United States. He co-produced the 1976 Tony award winning play "Travesties" by Tom Stoppard. Kulukundis later formed Knightsbridge Productions, with theatre artist/educator Jack Lynn.
In 1993, Kulukundis was part of a consortium which took over the struggling Duke of York's Theatre on St Martin's Lane. The consortium became the Ambassador Theatre Group, of which Kulukundis is presently Life President and a major share holder.
Athletics.
Kulukundis has given more than £2 million to British athletes over the last 25 years, including Steve Ovett, Linford Christie, Sally Gunnell, Roger Black, and Denise Lewis. Currently it is estimated that Kulukundis supports about 60 to 70 athletes.
The philanthropy started when he returned to the UK, and after a chance meeting with David Hemery. Through Harry Wilson, Steve Ovett's coach, Kulukundis received the names of several athletes who needed help. Every deal is recorded by his secretary because, theoretically, each one is only a loan. Among athletes Kulukundis has supported are:
In November 1998 Kulukundis came second in the contest to become the first elected president of UK Athletics by former Olympic champion David Hemery. Kulukundis has served as chairman of the London Coaching Foundation, the Midland Coaching Foundation and Athletes Youth Performance; vice-president of UK Athletics; chairman of the British Athletic Field Event Charitable Trust; and as chairman and patron of the Belgrave Harriers athletics club

</doc>
<doc id="9739301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739301" title="Hermann Struck">
Hermann Struck

Hermann Struck (6 March 1876 – 11 January 1944) was a German Jewish artist known for his etchings.
Biography.
Hermann Struck (Chaim Aaron ben David) was born in Berlin. He studied at the Berlin Academy of Fine Arts. In 1904, he joined the modern art movement known as the Berlin Secession.
In 1900, Struck met Jozef Israëls, a Dutch artist, who became his mentor. Both were recognized as leading artists of their time.
In 1908, Struck published "Die Kunst des Radierens" ("The Art of Etching"), which became a seminal work on the subject.
His students included Marc Chagall, Lovis Corinth, Jacob Steinhardt, Lesser Ury and Max Liebermann.
In 1899, upon completing his studies at the Berlin Academy, he was banned from teaching there because he was Jewish. He signed his work with his Hebrew name, Chaim Aaron ben David, and a Star of David. Struck did commissioned portraits of Ibsen, Nietzsche, Freud, Albert Einstein, Herzl, Oscar Wilde and other leading figures of the time.
Struck was a fervent Zionist and Jewish activist. He visited the Land of Israel in 1903, displayed his art at the Fifth Zionist Congress, and was a founder of the Mizrachi Religious Zionist movement. At the same time, he was a German patriot and volunteered for military service in World War I serving as a translator, liaison officer and military artist. He was awarded the Iron Cross I class and promoted to an officer for bravery, in 1917 he became the referent for Jewish affairs at the German Eastern Front High Command
Struck immigrated to Palestine in 1922, taught at Bezalel Academy and helped establish the Tel Aviv Museum of Art. He visited Berlin every summer until the Nazis rose to power.
He died in Haifa.

</doc>
<doc id="9739328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739328" title="Jim Graczyk">
Jim Graczyk

Jim Graczyk (born 1969) is an American researcher and author on the subject of ghosts. He is the research assistant for the Ghost Research Society. He is an American non-fiction writer of a series of books in the "Haunted Field Guide" series. He is a member of the Society of Midland Authors.
In addition to writing books in the "Haunted Field Guide" series, Graczyk has written numerous articles for "Ghost of the Prairie Magazine", "Ghost Trackers Newsletter" and "The Journal". He has also appeared in a number of television shows and documentaries about ghosts, including "Real Ghosthunters" on the Discovery Channel, "Basic Ghost Hunting" by Video Hammer Productions, "Chicago Ghosts" by Blue Ghost Productions Incorporated and "Cringe" by the IClips Network.

</doc>
<doc id="9739359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739359" title="William Dunbar (politician)">
William Dunbar (politician)

William Dunbar (1805 – 1861) was a U.S. Representative from Louisiana.
He was born in Virginia in 1805 and completed preparatory studies before moving to Alexandria, Virginia, where he engaged in the practice of law in the early 1830s. Dunbar moved to Louisiana in 1852 and was appointed Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Louisiana to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Judge Preston and served from September 1, 1852 to May 4, 1853. He was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853-March 3, 1855) representing Louisiana's 1st congressional district. Defeated by a "Know-Nothing" candidate after one term, Rep. Dunbar retired to his sugar plantation in St. Bernard Parish and resided there until his death on March 18, 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="9739379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739379" title="Listed buildings in Runcorn (urban area)">
Listed buildings in Runcorn (urban area)

Runcorn is a small industrial town in Cheshire, England, on the south bank of the River Mersey where it narrows at Runcorn Gap. This list includes the 60 listed buildings in the current urban area of Runcorn, including the districts of Runcorn, Halton, Weston, Weston Point, and Norton. Two are classified by English Heritage as being in Grade I, nine in Grade II*, and forty-nine in Grade II. In the United Kingdom, the term "listed building" refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance. These buildings are in three grades: Grade I consists of buildings of outstanding architectural or historical interest; Grade II* includes particularly significant buildings of more than local interest; Grade II consists of buildings of special architectural or historical interest. Buildings in England are listed by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on recommendations provided by English Heritage, which also determines the grading. The listed buildings are concentrated in Halton, which has 20, and Runcorn Town Centre, which has 16.
Before the Industrial Revolution, the area contained the separate settlements of Runcorn, Higher Runcorn, Halton, Weston, Weston Point, and Norton. The administrative functions of the area were initially concentrated in Halton, which contained a castle and a court, while the parish church was in Runcorn. The population increase associated with industrialisation resulted in considerable expansion, so that the formerly discrete settlements were absorbed into the current urban area, much of which dates from the 19th and 20th centuries.
The listed buildings can be divided by date into three groups: ancient structures, structures built during the two centuries before the Industrial Revolution, and those built during or after it. Halton Castle and Norton Priory date from the 11th and 12th centuries, and are now in ruins. Structures built before the Industrial Revolution reflect society as it was at that time, and the main occupations of farming and fishing. They include farmhouses, such as the building known as the Seneschal's House, which dates from 1598 and is the oldest standing building in the urban area; buildings relating to stately homes, such as the loggia and ice house in the grounds of Norton Priory; domestic buildings, such as Halton Old Hall, and buildings relating to the church, such as Halton Vicarage and the adjacent Chesshyre Library.
The diversity of Runcorn's buildings increased during the Industrial Revolution. Structures such as Bridgewater House were associated with industry, while large domestic buildings such as Halton Grange were financed by the new wealth created. The enlarged town required new civic buildings such as the Old Police Station (originally a Town Hall) and transport infrastructure such as the railway bridge and the tide dock, while the needs of the growing population were met by structures such as Norton Water Tower. All of the listed churches were built in the 19th century; architects include John Douglas, Anthony Salvin, Sir George Gilbert Scott, and Edmund Sharpe. The most recent listed structure is the Silver Jubilee Bridge, constructed in 1961.
Except for the iron or steel included in the bridges and the water tower, the structures are built in brick or stone. The stone is almost invariably red sandstone, obtained from local quarries in the Runcorn, Weston, and Halton areas. Unless stated otherwise, the buildings (except the bridges and the water tower) are constructed in local red sandstone with slate roofs. Their locations can be found on the map of all coordinates.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9739414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739414" title="Educational service district">
Educational service district

Educational service district may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9739473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739473" title="Partridge Township, Woodford County, Illinois">
Partridge Township, Woodford County, Illinois

Partridge Township is located in Woodford County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 593 and it contained 243 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 77.75%) is land and (or 22.25%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9739515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739515" title="Fred Grove">
Fred Grove

Fred Grove (born Frederick Herridge; July 4, 1913 – September 2008) was a Native American author and winner of five prestigious "Spur Awards" from Western Writers of America for his western novels. He was born in Hominy, Oklahoma.
Biography.
Grove was the son of a Kansas cowboy and an Osage-Lakota woman born on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota. His great-grandfather, Henry Chatillon, guided Francis Parkman on his tour of the Great Plains, from which evolved the classic book, "". Grove was provoked into writing at an early age. The ten-year-old boy was visiting relatives in Fairfax, Oklahoma, when a wealthy Indian woman's house exploded, killing her and two family members. The novelist graphically recalled details the 1923 murder conspiracy to appropriate the woman's money. Grove's mother was Osage and Lakota, which thrust the tragedy into sharper focus. He remembers "the situation was lawless, with county officials apparently doing little to bring the guilty to justice." A subsequent FBI investigation resulted in prison sentences for two white men, one a cattleman and leading citizen of Fairfax — the other the son-in-law of the murdered woman.
He remembered, "Those were years of fear in Osage County," he said, "of rumors and threats. As a boy this intrigued me, angered me. I wanted to write about it someday, and air those wrongs." A number of years later, Grove met the FBI agent who directed the investigation, and they collaborated on a non-fiction book about the incident, but were unable to find a publisher. "It was very discouraging. I spent a year reading state newspapers on microfilm." The result of his extensive research were two novels, "Warrior Road" and "Drum Without Warriors". The first novel was written from a Native American's point of view, the second from an FBI agent posing as a racehorse owner looking for match races, which sparked Grove's latent interest in quarterhorse racing. He also penned Apache novels, which he has continued to write into his 90s.
Determined to write, Grove earned his B.A. degree in journalism from the University of Oklahoma, class of 1937, where he was a sports editor of the student daily newspaper during his senior year. He later served as sports editor for two dailies before drifting into general news and desk work. "It was during the Depression and you felt lucky to have a job," he said. "My first one paid $18 a week and I was glad to have it." Grove had attempted to write westerns after World War II, and interviewed "a lot of Oklahoma pioneers" while working as a reporter for the "Shawnee Morning News". "They were wonderful old people who had made the land runs in that state and remembered the 1870s and 80s. This further spurred my interest in the West."
He sold his first short story, "The Hangman Ghost" to ".44 Western Magazine" in 1951, and taught beginning reporting at the University of Oklahoma as well as a public relations course. There he took creative writing classes from Foster Harris and Walter Campbell (aka Stanley Vetal). He later served as public information director of the Oklahoma Educational Television Authority "until the politicians got hold of OETA, demanding that the staff perform like trained seals."
Grove quit his job and considered it the best career move he ever made. He then wrote his Osage novels and got into quarter horse racing. "Flame of the Osage", his first novel, was sold when he was 45 and he said, his writing was more habit than compulsion. "I enjoy writing when I have a feel for the story. Writing hard takes a lot out of you. The finished novel is the real reward for me, a feeling of great relief."
Quarter horse racing became the subject of three of Grove's most successful books: "The Great Horse Race", "Bush Track", and "Match Race". The first and last of these won awards.
Notable among Grove's later fiction is the series of five Jesse Wilder novels set during and after the American Civil War: "Bitter Trumpet", "Trail of Rogues", "Man on a Red Horse", "Into the Far Mountains", and "A Soldier Returns".
(Source: "Maverick Writers" (ISBN 0-87004-331-5) by S. Jean Mead (aka Jean Henry-Mead).

</doc>
<doc id="9739530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739530" title="Biscay Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Biscay Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador

Biscay Bay is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Origin of Name.
This name appears as early as 1675 in The English Pilot, a guide to navigation. At the time, Basques were called “Biscayans,” and the bay was used by the early Basque fishermen.
History.
There is very little known about Biscay Bay before 1845, but most of the land area of Biscay Bay was owned by William D. Jackson, an English merchant, when Thomas Ryan of Trepassey (originally from Ireland) went to live there in that year. Other families at the time were the Easemans and Whites.
Economy.
The census of 1857 shows Biscay Bay with of improved land producing 20 barrels of potatoes and three tons of hay.
When Jackson died, his daughter Caroline decided to go back to live in England so she sold the land to Thomas Ryan and Richard Hartery for 150 pounds.
Residents farmed root crops and hay, raised sheep, cattle and pigs and also fished for cod inshore. It was not until the early 1930s that the road made much difference to the community and most transportation was by water. The community averaged 600 quintals of saltfish annually in the late 1930s and early 1940s, but 1943 was a good year when 970 quintals were made and sold for $12.50 per quintal.
Very heavy timber grew along the shore of Path End but as the years went by, it became necessary to go farther and farther inland to get wood. Today, Biscay Bay is almost void of trees. The area boasted abundant partridge berries, bakeapples, rabbits, partridges, eider duck, fox, beaver, muskrat and weasel. The coming of the branch railway in 1913 added extra impetus to the area, as it had a sawmill in 1920.
Family.
The principal names were Ryan, White, Coady and Shea.

</doc>
<doc id="9739532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739532" title="Botanical Survey of India">
Botanical Survey of India

The Botanical Survey of India (BSI) is an institution set up by the Government of India in 1887 to survey the plant resources of the Indian empire. 
History.
The British East India Company had already established botanical gardens at Sibpur, Poona, Saharanpur and Madras as centres for improving botanical knowledge and experimentation under the local Governments. For example, the Saharanpur botanical garden, which dates from before 1750, was acquired by the East India Company in 1817 for growing medicinal plants. Most of the EIC botanical gardens' work was for the cultivation of plants of interest in commerce and trade. It is under Ministry of Environment and Forests.
The Botanical Survey was formally instituted on 13 February 1890 under the direction of Sir George King, who had been superintendent of Royal Botanic Garden, Calcutta since 1871. King became the first ex-officio Director of BSI. The Calcutta Garden became the headquarters of the Survey and was given regional responsibility for Bengal, Assam, North East, Burma, and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9739537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739537" title="James Fisher (president)">
James Fisher (president)

James Lee Fisher (born June 2, 1931) was the ninth president of Towson State University (now Towson University).
Fisher was born and educated in Illinois. He came to Towson with considerable experience at various levels of university administration. Dr. Fisher was a fairly active president and left a significant imprint on the university. 
Accomplishments.
Among his accomplishments were the creation of 4 vice-presidential positions, establishment of 5 academic deans, founding of the Academic Council as a legislative and advisory body of faculty and students, creation of the Office of Institutional Development, addition of a winter session, expanded graduate and continuing education programs and new programs in nursing, occupational therapy and business. During his tenure, 13 new buildings were constructed and the enrollment nearly doubled from 5,727 to 10,762. Towson underwent another name change in 1976 to Towson State University. Dr. Fisher's departure in 1978 signaled the end to one the greatest periods of development and expansion in TU's history.

</doc>
<doc id="9739548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739548" title="Roanoke Township, Woodford County, Illinois">
Roanoke Township, Woodford County, Illinois

Roanoke Township is located in Woodford County, Illinois at T27N, R1W. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,558 and it contained 1,044 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9739556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739556" title="George Reginald Balleine">
George Reginald Balleine

George Reginald Balleine (1873 – 1966) was a well-known historian and writer in the Island of Jersey.
Biography.
The son of the Dean of Jersey, George Orange Balleine, and the brother of Robert Wilfred Balleine and Cuthbert Francis Balleine, George Reginald Balleine was born in Oxford, and was educated by his father at home until 1885, when he went to stay with his grandfather in Jersey. There he attended the Grammar School at St Aubin until 1886, when he went to Victoria College. During his time there he gained the Queen's History Prize. He left in 1891, going to Queen's College, Oxford, and gaining a 2nd class degree in Modern History. In 1886 he was ordained a deacon in the Church of England, and the 1897, a priest. He was Curate at St Mary's Whitechapel, then St Paul's, Penge. He became the Metropolitan Secretary to the Church Pastoral Aid Society in 1904, the Vicar of St James, Bermondsey in 1908. In 1925, he was also appointed Rural Dean of Bermondsey. He remained there until his retirement in 1938, when he returned to Jersey to property inherited from his uncle. During the German Occupation, he was honorary librarian at the Société Jersiaise, curate at St Aubin on the Hill church, and Ministre Desservant at St Brelade's Church on the death of his cousin, the Rev. J.A. Balleine, in 1942, in which position he remained for the duration of the war.
He died in 1966, his ashes were interred in St Brelade's Churchyard.
Writings.
Balleine's writings were extensive, and mirrored his interests in history, and the evangelical party of the Church of England.
Theological.
Despite his evangelical roots, he was no fundamentalist, taking a very liberal position on the miracle stories of the New Testament. Writing (in "Simon Whom he Surnamed Peter") of the feeding of the five thousand that "where the bread came from, no one can say, but it seems unlikely that it was supernaturally multiplied", and of Jesus walking on the water, he takes it that the Fourth Gospel tells of Jesus walking by the sea, the story changing in the telling.
Jersey History.
His knowledge of Jersey history, gleaned from his time as Honorary Librarian for the Société Jersiaise, was extensive. However, his reliance upon the documents available at the time have led to weaknesses in some areas. These are notably his 1939 article on Witchcraft in Jersey (ABSB), where he draws heavily upon the now discredited ideas of Margaret Murray in his selection and presentation, and on the Reformation in Jersey, where historian Jason St. John Nicolle has criticised his position as oversimplifying the complexities of that period. Nevertheless, his work has provided a solid bedrock for later historians of the Island to build upon, and his "Biographical Dictionary of Jersey" remains unsurpassed for its depth of research. His writing is always readable, lucid and clear.

</doc>
<doc id="9739577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739577" title="Dutchess County Fair">
Dutchess County Fair

The Dutchess County Fair is held annually in Rhinebeck, New York, usually during the last full week in August. The fair was started in 1845 mainly as an old-fashioned agricultural event in which farmers would come and show off their livestock and crops. Currently, the fair hosts approximately half a million people per year, and is the second largest county Fair in New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="9739581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739581" title="Hoke L. Smith">
Hoke L. Smith

Hoke L. Smith (May 7, 1931 – March 27, 2004) was the tenth president of Towson University.
Early in Dr. Smith's administration, he focused on Towson's status as a "comprehensive university." One of the first changes was the a new governance structure and the establishment of six colleges. With public higher education seriously under-funded, Dr. Smith set out to strengthen alumni and development programs as a source of alternative funding.
During his administration, Towson added 20 new undergraduate programs, 19 new graduate programs and the 3 doctoral programs. In 1997, Smith led Towson to its latest name change to Towson University.
On Saturday March 27, 2004, Smith died of liver cancer at his home in Baltimore. He was 72.

</doc>
<doc id="9739582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739582" title="Lowbridge double-deck bus">
Lowbridge double-deck bus

A lowbridge double-deck bus is a double-decker bus which has an asymmetric interior layout, enabling the overall height of the vehicle to be reduced compared to that of a conventional double-decker bus. The upper deck gangway is offset to one side of the vehicle, normally the offside (or driver's side), and is sunken into the lower deck passenger saloon. Low railway bridges and overpasses were the main reason that a reduced height was desired.
Origins.
The lowbridge design was introduced and patented by Leyland in 1927 on their Titan TD1 chassis. Early examples were delivered to Glasgow Corporation amongst other operators. One of the Glasgow vehicles is preserved at the Scottish Vintage Bus Museum, Lathalmond, Fife.
Disadvantages.
A major disadvantage of this layout was the inconvenient seating layout, with four-abreast seats upstairs making it difficult for passengers to manoeuvre past each other if those farthest from the gangway needed to alight first. A second disadvantage was the restricted headroom for passengers on the offside of the lower deck, as a result of the encroachment of the upper deck gangway. It was often the case that passengers would bump their heads on it when standing up to alight.
Alternatives.
At first, there was no viable alternative to the lowbridge design, apart from the use of single-decker bus. However, the lowbridge type started to become obsolete when low-height chassis were developed, which used a dropped-centre rear axle to enable the lower deck gangway to be lowered. This enabled a low-height vehicle to be built without the need for the cumbersome seating layout upstairs. The first such design was the Bristol Lodekka which was introduced by Bristol in 1949. It had a height of around compared to a typical height of around for a conventional highbridge double-decker. It was however only available to nationalised bus companies (Bristol itself being part of the state-owned sector at that time). Other low-height double-deckers included the Dennis Loline (a version of the Bristol Lodekka built under licence); the AEC Bridgemaster and Renown; and the Albion Lowlander (a low-height version of the Leyland Titan PD3). The rear-engined Daimler Fleetline and Bristol VR were also low-height chassis. Nonetheless, despite the advent of the low-height chassis, the last lowbridge double-decker was not built until 1968.
When the rear-engined Leyland Atlantean was first introduced in 1958, it did not have a dropped-centre rear axle, even though the prototype had featured one. As a result, some Atlanteans were built to a "semi-lowbridge" layout, with the front half of the upper deck laid out conventionally, and a side gangway with raised seating area towards the rear.
A special situation existed in Beverley, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, where buses had to pass under the arched structure of Beverley Bar. To facilitate this, East Yorkshire Motor Services had a number of double-deckers built with special roofs of severely arched profile to match the shape of the bridge.
Notable vehicles.
A notable lowbridge bus is Barton Transport's no. 861, registered 861 HAL. It is unique in combining a low-height chassis (Dennis Loline II) with lowbridge bodywork, built by Northern Counties. With the combined effect of both these height reduction techniques, the height of the vehicle is less than , which remains the lowest ever for a British closed-top double-decker.
The last lowbridge double-decker to be built was bought by Bedwas and Machen UDC, a small municipal bus fleet in south Wales, in 1968. It is a Leyland Titan PD3 with bodywork built by Massey of Wigan, and is registered PAX 466F. Following its sale by B&MUDC's successor, Rhymney Valley District Council, it was operated by Stevensons of Uttoxeter, and subsequently by MK Metro of Milton Keynes.
Both of them have been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="9739598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739598" title="Japanese House of Councillors election, 1962">
Japanese House of Councillors election, 1962

House of Councillors elections were held in Japan on 1 July 1962, electing half the seats in the House. The Liberal Democratic Party won the most seats.

</doc>
<doc id="9739602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739602" title="Wandering spleen">
Wandering spleen

Wandering spleen (or Pelvic spleen) is a rare medical disease caused by the loss or weakening of the ligaments that help to hold the spleen.
Background.
Wandering spleen is most commonly diagnosed in young children as well as women between the ages of 20 and 40. Even so, the disease is very rare and fewer than 500 occurrences of the disease have been reported as of 2005, of which around 148 (including both children and adult cases) were documented to have been from between 1960 and 1992. Less than 0.5% of all splenectomies, surgical removal of the spleen, are performed due to having this disorder.
Characteristics of the disorder include the loss, weakening, or malformation of the ligaments that help to keep the spleen located in the upper left part of the abdomen. Though not a genetic disease, wandering spleen is often found at birth. It can occur in adults as the result of injuries and other similar conditions that cause the ligaments to weaken, such as connective tissue disease or pregnancy.
In 1992, the youngest case of the literature of torsion of wandering spleen at two days of birth was reported in Lebanon, by Dr Edouard Sayad.
Symptoms.
Symptoms include an enlargement in the size of the spleen, or a change from the spleen's original position to another location, usually in either other parts of the abdomen or into the pelvis. This ability to move to other locations is commonly attributed to the spleen's pedicle being abnormally long.
Physical factors may cause ischuria, constipation, as well as numerous spleen-related diseases such as hypersplenism, thrombocytopenia, and lymphoma. Blocking of the arteries and torsion in the spleen can also result in abdominal pain or swelling. However, lack of visible symptoms — except in incidents of abdominal pain — makes the disease difficult for doctors to diagnose, though medical imaging techniques such as medical ultrasonography, magnetic resonance imaging, or computed tomography can be used to confirm its occurrence.
Treatment.
The usual treatment is splenopexy, fixation of the spleen, but if there is no blood flow after unwinding the spleen through detorsion then splenectomy must be performed. Although there have been few reported cases of treatment through laparoscopic surgery due to the rarity of the disease, it has been proven to be an effective surgical technique.
In popular culture.
Susan Mayer on the TV show Desperate Housewives had an operation to fix her wandering spleen in Season 2 of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="9739603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739603" title="Spring Bay Township, Woodford County, Illinois">
Spring Bay Township, Woodford County, Illinois

Spring Bay Township is located in Woodford County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,643 and it contained 1,133 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 60.76%) is land and (or 39.24%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9739633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739633" title="Worth Township, Woodford County, Illinois">
Worth Township, Woodford County, Illinois

"Not to be confused with Worth Township, Cook County, Illinois"
Worth Township is located in Woodford County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 8,741 and it contained 3,212 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9739634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739634" title="Jim Parker (composer)">
Jim Parker (composer)

Jim Parker (born 1934) is a British composer.
Career.
After graduating as a silver medallist at the Guildhall School of Music, Parker played with leading London orchestras and chamber groups as well as being a key part of The Barrow Poets for whom he provided both original instrumental music and music to accompany the performance of a wide range of poetry spoken or sung by the rest of the band. This music was played on a variety of instruments including the bass cacacofiddle, a home made sort of double bass with knobs on, played by William Bealby-Wright, while Parker mostly played oboe and cor anglais..
Parker subsequently concentrated on composing and conducting. He had early success with a series of recordings in which he set the poems of the British Poet Laureate Sir John Betjeman to music; the recordings, in which the poet recited his own words and the composer conducted a small group of musicians, have continued to be held in high regard by listeners and critics. These and subsequent records, including Captain Beaky,with words by Jeremy Lloyd, which topped the charts as both a single and album, led to work in television as well as in London West End theatres, where Parker has had three musicals produced. The most successful of these was "Follow the Star", with book and lyrics by Wally K Daly. It was originally produced at Chichester and was directed by Wendy Toye. Film scores include music for numerous feature-length television films and for new prints of the classic silent films Girl Shy, by Harold Lloyd, and The Blot, a 1921 film directed by Lois Weber.
He has won the British Academy Award for Best Original Television Music four times, and has written scores for over two hundred programmes. His work in film and television ranges from music for "Moll Flanders", "Tom Jones", "Midsomer Murders", "Foyle's War" and "The House of Eliott", to the score for the contemporary political thrillers "House of Cards" and "To Play The King". The opening and closing theme music for those TV series is entitled "Francis Urquhart's March." With Tom Stanier he wrote the music for schools programmes such as Watch, Zig Zag and Fourways Farm plus musicals such as "Blast Off" and "Mr Jones Goes To Jupiter".
Concert works have been written for the Nash Ensemble, Philip Jones Brass, The Hilliard Ensemble, The Albion Ensemble, The Wallace Collection and Poems in the Underground. His published compositions include "A Londoner in New York" for brass, "Mississippi Five" for wind quintet, "The Golden Section" for brass quintet, and a clarinet concerto. He is also the recipient of an honorary degree from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="9739652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739652" title="USSD Gateway">
USSD Gateway

USSD is a protocol used by GSM cellular telephones to communicate with the service provider's computers. USSD stands for Unstructured Supplementary Services Data. A gateway is the collection of hardware and software required to interconnect two or more disparate networks, including performing protocol conversion.
What is a USSD Gateway?
A USSD Gateway routes USSD messages from the signaling network to a service application and back. A "USSD gateway" service is also called a "USSD center". 
USSD Gateway is based upon the ability of the delivery agent or the source to send and receive USSD messages. A USSD is a session-based protocol. USSD messages travel over GSM signaling channels and are used to query information and trigger services. Unlike similar services(SMS and MMS), which are store and forward based, USSD establishes a real time session between mobile handset and application handling the service
Difference between USSD and other Gateways.
The difference between USSD Gateways and other messaging gateways is that USSD gateways maintain a single interactive session once the connection is established... (SMS and MMS store and forward messages independently of the user session, similar to the way email is sent over the internet.
Modular Operation.
Typical Applications:
Apart from PSSR and USSN, there is another method called Unstructured Supplementary Service Request (USSR) message that initiates a session by USSD Gateway to a Mobile User. This message can be used in conjunction with USSR initiated session to provide session based services like Menu services through USSD. 
Also, in the earlier phases of MAP (Mobile Application Part), PSSR message was called PSSD (PSS Data).

</doc>
<doc id="9739654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739654" title="Stranger in a Strange Land (disambiguation)">
Stranger in a Strange Land (disambiguation)

Stranger in a Strange Land may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9739666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739666" title="Longwood House">
Longwood House

Longwood House was the residence of Napoleon Bonaparte, during his exile on the island of Saint Helena, from 10 December 1815 until his death on 5 May 1821. It lies on a windswept plain some from Jamestown.
History.
Formerly the summer residence of the Lieutenant Governor, it was converted for the use of Napoleon in 1815. The British Government recognised its inadequacy as a home for the former Emperor and his entourage, and by the time of his death had built a new house for him nearby, which he never occupied. In February 1818 Governor Sir Hudson Lowe proposed to Lord Bathurst to move Napoleon to Rosemary Hall, a house that became available and was located in a more hospitable part of the island, sheltered from the winds and shaded, as Napoleon had preferred. But the revelations of General Gourgaud in London brought Lord Bathurst to the opinion that it was safer to keep Napoleon at Longwood, where an escape was harder to undertake. So the building of the new house only began in October 1818, three years after Napoleon's arrival on the island.
After Napoleon's death.
Following Napoleon's death, Longwood House reverted to the East India Company and later to the Crown, and was used for agricultural purposes. Reports of its neglect reached Napoleon III who, from 1854, negotiated with the British Government for its transfer to France. In 1858 it was transferred to the French Government along with the Valley of the Tomb for a sum of £7,100. Since then they have been under the control of the French Foreign Ministry and a French Government representative has lived on the island and has been responsible for managing both properties. In 1959 a third property, the Briars, where Napoleon spent the first two months while Longwood was being prepared, was given to the French Government by Dame Mabel Brookes. 
As a result of the depredations of termites, in the 1940s the French Government considered demolishing the building. New Longwood and the Balcombe's house at the Briars were both demolished at this time, but Longwood House was saved, and it has been restored by recent French curators. The stone steps at the front are the only part of the original fabric to survive.
In 2006 Michel Dancoisne-Martineau donated the heart-shaped waterfall valley to the Saint Helena National Trust. In 2008 he donated the land surrounding the Pavilion at the Briars to the French Republic.
Longwood House is now a museum owned by the French government. It is one of two museums on the island, the other being the Museum of Saint Helena.

</doc>
<doc id="9739675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739675" title="Mark Perkins (Towson University president)">
Mark Perkins (Towson University president)

Mark Perkins is the president of InnerSight.
Education.
Perkins earned a doctorate in psychometrics and statistics from the University of Georgia in 1976. He received his master's in psychometrics and research design from the same institution in 1974. Dr. Perkins earned a bachelor's degree from St. Andrews Presbyterian College in 1972.
Towson University.
Perkins briefly served a controversial tenure as president of Towson University from July 2001 to April 2002.
He resigned after three members of the University System of Maryland Board of Regents, including the chairman, told him in a meeting that he would be fired if he did not step down, according to a four-page letter he posted on Towson's website.
In the letter, Dr. Perkins stated the spending, included improvements for coping with handicap accessibility as well as "family health issues" and for making the home a suitable place to entertain prospective donors. The regents were aware these improvements were necessary prior to selecting Dr. Perkins. 
The university received approval from the regents to buy a six-bedroom mansion in northern Baltimore for $850,000. But the university subsequently spent $860,000 on renovations, but $360,000 more had been allocated to complete renovations and provide furnishings for the public spaces of the university home as well.
Dr. Perkins said in his letter that he was not involved in many of the spending decisions on the home, including $279,000 for an elevator and $25,000 for a multimedia system. However, Perkins wrote, he took "full responsibility" for controversies including the spending on those renovations, which dominated discussions with the Board of Regents ahead of his resignation.
There was also an inauguration ceremony held using funds raised specifically for the event, which reportedly cost $356,000. In his letter, Dr. Perkins said he had agreed to the event because "it was designed to celebrate not me or my arrival, but instead, the 135 years of commitment to learning on the Towson campus."
The "Baltimore Sun" reported that similar concerns about excessive spending by Mr. Perkins were raised at the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay, where he was president before coming to Towson. Mr. Perkins had pushed for $630,000 in improvements to the president's house on that campus to make it acceptable for parties, but he rarely entertained guests of the university in the house, The Sun reported. A review of University records showed Perkins did in fact entertain many guests of the university and was successful at raising nearly $550 million for the UWGB endowment fund. 
Many students and faculty members from Green Bay rallied to Perkins defense after the baseless reporting done by the "Baltimore Sun". Upon further investigation, the Sun selectively interviewed campus community members to arrive at their conclusions or were members of other groups who simply disagreed with some of the Chancellor's ideas. Perkins upset one long time academic advisor in the multicultural center when he required her to complete studies for a bachelor's degree, something she herself lacked despite the fact she had been serving as an educational advisor for university students for a number of years. 
Perkins also sparked controversy when the university spent $25,000 on a university medal symbolizing the president's office - a standard symbol at all major universities. All funds used for the Inauguration and the medallion were raised for those purposes by a committee charged with organizing the inaugural events.

</doc>
<doc id="9739681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739681" title="The Green Age of Asher Witherow">
The Green Age of Asher Witherow

The Green Age of Asher Witherow is the debut novel of M. Allen Cunningham, published in 2004. It is the story of Asher Witherow, a boy born in the coal mining town of Nortonville, California in 1863. The story is framed as a memoir of sorts, penned by the elderly Witherow in the spring of 1950, long after the book's events occurred, and many years after the community of Nortonville ceased to exist. Witherow, a mysterious and haunted old man of 86, shares the troubling story of his life from birth to age 20, when he left Nortonville. Central to the tale is the image of the 4,000 foot Mount Diablo, which assumes a symbolic presence for Witherow. The book's title is inspired by the poem "The Force That Through the Green Fuse Drives the Flower" by Dylan Thomas, which begins: 
""The force that through the green fuse drives the flower / Drives my green age; that blasts the roots of trees / Is my destroyer.""
The poem's central themes of mortality, biological decay, and ecological interdependence are explored in the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="9739704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739704" title="Sesyle Joslin">
Sesyle Joslin

Sesyle Joslin is a children's literature author. Joslin's book "What Do You Say, Dear?" was illustrated by Maurice Sendak and it was a Caldecott Medal Honor book in 1959.
Joslin was born in Providence, RI, on August 30, 1929. During the late 1940s and early 1950s, she worked as an editorial assistant and assistant editor in Philadelphia, and was the book columnist at Country Gentleman magazine from 1949 through 1951. In 1950, she married writer Al Hine. The couple had three children. In addition, she served as a production assistant on Peter Brook's Lord of the Flies (1963 film) and worked on location in Puerto Rico.
In addition to writing under her own name, Joslin also used a few pseudonyms. Under the name Josephine Gibson, she and her husband wrote "Is There a Mouse in the House?" (Macmillan, 1965). And under the name G. B. Kirtland they wrote "One Day in Ancient Rome" (Harcourt, 1961), "One Day in Elizabethan England" (Harcourt, 1962), and "One Day in Aztec Mexico" (Harcourt, 1963).

</doc>
<doc id="9739705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739705" title="Gare de Conflans-Fin-d'Oise">
Gare de Conflans-Fin-d'Oise

Conflans - Fin d'Oise is a railway station serving Conflans-Sainte-Honorine. It is a two level station situated on the lines from Saint-Lazare to Cergy-le-Haut and from Saint-Lazare to Mantes-la-Jolie via Meulan.

</doc>
<doc id="9739710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739710" title="Teruo Ishii">
Teruo Ishii

Early life.
Born in Tokyo's Asakusa neighborhood in 1924, Ishii developed a love of cinema early. His parents would often take him to see foreign films, particularly French movies. Ishii worked at Toho Studios as an assistant director beginning in 1942. His film career was interrupted when he was sent to Manchuria during World War II to take aerial photographs for bombing runs.
Shintoho.
In March, 1947 Ishii joined the newly founded Shintoho studios. Ishii would later recall his time with Shintoho as, "without doubt the most joyful period of my professional life." While at Shintoho he worked as assistant director to Mikio Naruse, whom he considered his mentor for the rest of his career. He also worked for director Hiroshi Shimizu and studied script writing with Shinichi Sekizawa, best known in the West for his entries in the "Godzilla" series. Ishii's directorial debut was in 1957 with the boxing film, "King of the Ring: The World of Glory" ("Ring no Oja: Eiko no Sekai").
He was next assigned to direct six installments in the children's science-fiction series, "Super Giant". This nine-episode series was later re-packaged into four films for U.S. syndicated television as "Starman". From 1958 to 1961 Ishii directed four films in the "film-noir" "Line" ("Chitai") series. For the last of these films, "Sexy Line" ("Sexy Chitai") (1961), Ishii took his cameras to the streets of Asakusa and Ginza, in order to film real life on location. The film has been called, "sharp, witty and contagious", and "a lively portrait of the Tokyo underworld, populated by hookers, johns, crooks and cops and shot in cinéma-verité style."
Toei.
Shintoho declared bankruptcy in 1961, forcing Ishii to seek employment at another studio. He moved to Toei Company where he directed "Flower and Storm and Gang" ("Hana to Arashi to Gang") (1961), starring Ken Takakura. His 1965 "Abashiri Bangaichi" with Takakura would solidify that actor's stardom and give Ishii his biggest success of the 1960s. Ishii would go on to direct 10 of the 18 films in this series.
In 1968, Ishii initiated two popular, long-running series for Toei. In the first entry in the "Hot Springs Geisha" series (1968–1972), Ishii successfully replaced his usual "darkly sardonic cinematic style in favor of this light and frivolous 'mainstream' comedy about geisha masseuses operating inside a hotsprings resort." Ishii left this series to other directors. The "Joys of Torture" series (1968–1973), however, suited Ishii's taste. Beginning with "Shogun's Joys of Torture" (1968), Ishii directed all eight entries in the series, which examined the history of torture in Japan. A fan of the work of horror and suspense author Edogawa Rampo since childhood, Ishii adapted many of his horror stories into his films of this period, including "Horrors of Malformed Men". The term "ero-guro" ("erotic-grotesque"), used to describe Rampo's writings, was also applied to Ishii's style in these films, and the term is still used to describe the most extreme of the S&M films in Japan. Of these, the Weissers comment, "The Ishii "Torture" movies are still the best-made, rivaled only by certain Kōji Wakamatsu productions (especially "Torture Chronicles: 100 Years" (1975)), a few from Masaru Konuma {i.e., "Wife to be Sacrificed" and "Flower and Snake" (both 1974)) and Go Ijuin's "Captured For Sex 2" (1986)." 
Ishii worked in several of Toei's popular genres during the 1970s, including a "Pinky violent" film with Reiko Ike, "" (1973), and one of Sonny Chiba's "Street Fighter" films in the mid-1970s, "The Street Fighter's Last Revenge" ("Gyakushu! Satsujin Ken"). Ishii made two contributions to the biker genre with "Detonation! Violent Riders" (1975) and "Detonation! Violent Games" (1976). After 1979 Ishii stopped making theatrical films and worked mainly for television during the 1980s.
Later career.
Ishii returned to Toei in 1991 with the V-cinema film "The Hit Man: Blood Smells Like Roses". In 1993 he made a film of Yoshiharu Tsuge's manga, "Master of the Gensenkan Inn" ("Gensenkan Shujin"), and in 1998 he filmed Tsuge's avant-garde manga, "Wind-Up Type" ("Nejishiki"). In 1999 he remade director Nobuo Nakagawa's famous film "Hell" ("Jigoku"; 1960), using the trial of Aum sect leader Shoko Asahara as an inspiration. Ishii's last film, "The Blind Beast Vs The Dwarf" (2001) was another based on the work of Edogawa Rampo.
Largely unknown outside Japan during much of his career, late in life, Ishii's work was discovered and gained admirers in the West. Ishii attended festivals devoted to his films given at the Far East Film Festival in Udine and at the Étrange Festival in France. In his later years, Ishii often spoke of a dream project, a gangster epic with Ken Takakura to be called "Once Upon a Time in Japan". Ishii died August 12, 2005 before that project ever became a reality. Directing in a wide range of genres throughout his career, including martial arts, science fiction, horror, erotica, and film noir, Ishii's 83 films are a microcosm of popular cinematic trends in Japan during the second half of the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="9739721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739721" title="Caudron Typhon">
Caudron Typhon

The Caudron C.640 Typhon was a 1930s French high-speed single-seat monoplane utility aircraft built by Caudron-Renault.
History.
Similar in concept to the de Havilland DH.88 Comet the Typhon (en: "Typhoon") was designed by Georges Otfinovsky and Marcel Riffard for use on long-range postal routes. The first aircraft first flew in March 1935. The aircraft was a twin-engined low-wing cantilever monoplane of wooden construction. Seven C.640s were built. The Typhon established 5000km speed records. It was not a success in operation as its flexible wings experienced buffeting and vibration problems.

</doc>
<doc id="9739747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739747" title="Ana Guiomar">
Ana Guiomar

Ana Guiomar (born 1988-08-26) is a Portuguese actress, known for her character Marta Navarro in the youthful series, "Morangos com Açúcar" (2004–2006). Later she apperared in the soap opera, "Tempo de Viver" (2006–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9739767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739767" title="Rajiva Wijesinha">
Rajiva Wijesinha

Rajiva Wijesinha, MA, DPhil (Sinhala: රජීව විජේසිංහ) (born May 16, 1954) is a Sri Lankan writer in English, distinguished for his political analysis as well as creative and critical work. An academic by profession for much of his working career, he was most recently Senior Professor of Languages at the University of Sabaragamuwa, Sri Lanka.
In June 2007 President Mahinda Rajapakse appointed him Secretary-General of the Sri Lankan Government Secretariat for Coordinating the Peace Process (SCOPP), and in June 2008 he also became concurrently the Secretary to the Ministry of Disaster Management and Human Rights (Sri Lanka). The Peace Secretariat wound up in July 2009), and in February 2010 he resigned from the Ministry as well as the University, and became a Member of Parliament on the National List of the United People's Freedom Alliance following the General Election held in April 2010, following which he was appointed a Member of Parliament.
He belongs to the Liberal Party of Sri Lanka, and has served as its President and Leader, and also as a Vice-President of Liberal International. He is currently Chair of the Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats and was re-elected leader of the Liberal Party Sri Lanka on the proposal of the previous leader following the Liberal Party Annual Congress of 2011. He has travelled widely, including as a Visiting Professor on the Semester at Sea Programme of the University of Pittsburgh, and has published Beyond the First Circle: Travels in the Second and Third Worlds.
Education and career.
Rajiva Wijesinha schooled at S Thomas’ College, Mt Lavinia (which he later served as Sub-Warden, for a brief period), and won an Open Exhibition in Classics to University College, Oxford when he was 16. After his first degree, which also led to an MA in 1977, he moved to Corpus Christi College, Oxford as an E K Chambers Student (Edmund Kerchever Chambers), and obtained a B.Phil. degree in English, followed by a Ph.D. degree on the subject of Women and Marriage in the early Victorian novel. The thesis was subsequently published by the University Press of America under the title "The Androgynous Trollope".
He taught briefly at the University of Peradeniya before resigning in protest against the increasing authoritarianism of the government of President Junius Richard Jayewardene. He then worked for the British Council in Colombo as its Cultural Affairs Officer before rejoining the University system to initiate English degree programmes for students from backgrounds that had limited English in school. He was responsible for the islandwide pre-University General English Language Training programme, as well as General English programmes at the Affiliated University Colleges established in 1992 to introduce employment oriented courses into the tertiary education system.
In 2001 he served as a Consultant to the Ministry of Education to initiate the reintroduction of English medium education in the state sector, which had banned it previously for several decades. He was also Academic Consultant to the Sri Lanka Military Academy when it began degree programmes for Officer Cadets. He has served as chair of the Academic Affairs Committee of the National Institute of Education, and has been a member of the National Education Commission and of the Board of the Bandaranaike Centre for International Studies.
In 1982 he supported Chanaka Amaratunga to set up the Council for Liberal Democracy and was Co-Editor of the Liberal Review, at a time when dissenting voices had no space to publish in Sri Lanka. He became President of the Liberal Party of Sri Lanka when it was established in 1987 and, though more comfortable as an analyst rather than a politician, he took over as Leader of the Party after Dr Amaratunga’s death in 1996. He was the Presidential candidate of the party in 1999, and came 6th out of 15 candidates, defeating several former parliamentarians. During this period he conducted workshops on Liberalism in India, Pakistan, Nepal, Afghanistan and Indonesia, on behalf of the Friedrich Naumann Stiftung (FNS), the German Liberal Foundation, for whom he also edited Liberal Values for South Asia (revised recently as Liberal Perspectives on South Asia and published in 2009 by Cambridge University Press, Delhi).
He was instrumental in promoting English Language writing in Sri Lanka, and initiated the English Writers Cooperative of Sri Lanka while he was at the British Council which aided and administered the EWC at its inception. He had earlier edited the New Lankan Review, which provided space for Sri Lankan writers in English when the genre was regaining acceptance, and he served on the Editorial Board of the EWC for over a decade. He has edited several collections of poetry and short stories by Sri Lankan writers in English, most recently Bridging Connections, an Anthology of Stories which also contains translations from Sinhala and Tamil and was published by the National Book Trust of India in 2007.
He was the first Sri Lankan writer resident in the county whose works have been translated into a European language. "Servi", the Italian translation of "Servants" which won the Gratiaen Award for 1995, was published by Giovanni Tranchida Editore in Milan in 2002, and this was followed in 2006 by "Atti di fede". This last was a translation of Acts of Faith, based on the 1983 government-sponsored riots against Tamils known as Black July, and the first part of a trilogy that included Days of Despair (1989) and The Limits of Love (2005). He worked on this last novel, which is based on the kidnapping and murder of the poet and journalist Richard de Zoysa, as a resident at the Rockefeller Foundation’s Bellagio Center and at the Center for Writers at Hawthornden Castle.
Prof Wijesinha serves at present on the editorial board of the Journal of Commonwealth Literature. Works in other genres include The Foundations of Modern Society, Political Principles and their Practice in Sri Lanka and A Handbook of English Grammar, published by Cambridge University Press in Delhi, which also brought out most recently Declining Sri Lanka: J R Jayewardene and the erosion of Democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="9739783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739783" title="Angela Downey">
Angela Downey

Angela Downey-Browne (born 1957 in Kilkenny, Ireland) is a retired Irish sportsperson. She played camogie at various times with her local clubs, St Paul's camogie club based in Kilkenny city and Lisdowney, and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1970 until 1994. Downey is regarded as the greatest player in the history of the game.
Downey's reputation as one of the all-time greats of camogie is self-evident. In a senior inter-county career that lasted for a quarter of a century she won twelve All-Ireland medals, thirteen Leinster medals and eight National League medals. With her two clubs St. Paul's and Lisdowney she collected a huge haul of twenty-two county titles and six All-Ireland club medals.
Downey was also presented with a number of personal awards during her career. In 1977 she was honoured with the prestigious B&I Player of the Year Award. Almost a decade later in 1986 Downey became only the third camogie player ever to be presented with a Texaco Award. In 2004 her reputation as the greatest player of all-time was further cemented when she was named on the Camogie Team of the Century.
Biography.
Angela Downey was born in Kilkenny in 1957. From a young age camogie was a central part of her life, as well as the life of her twin sister Ann. The Downey's inherited their camogie skills from their father, Shem Downey, who won an All-Ireland medal with Kilkenny in 1947. Angela Downey started playing camogie when she was nine years-old and, in time, she would go on to become one of the best players in the history of the game. Angela is commonly recognised as one of the greatest players the game has seen.
Playing career.
Club.
Downey played most of her club camogie with the famed St Paul's camogie club in Kilkenny and enjoyed much success. When the club disbanded in the early 1990s she had already collected a huge haul of twenty county titles. During this period Downey also won six All-Ireland club titles, the first of which came in 1970. She won the last of her six All-Ireland club medals nineteen years later in 1989. Downey later joined the Lisdowney club and enjoyed further success. Together with her twin-sister Ann she won a further two county medals.
Inter-county.
Downey was a mere thirteen years-old when she first played senior camogie with Kilkenny in 1970. Two years later in 1972 she was a key member of the team and she lined out in her first championship decider. Cork provided the opposition and it was 'the Rebel' ladies who captured a 2–5 to 1–4 victory.
Two years later in 1974 Kilkenny were back in the All-Ireland final and, once again, Cork were the opponents. After an exciting game both sides ended level with Kilkenny scoring 3–8 and Cork scoring 4–5. The replay took place a few weeks later and another tense game ensued. Kilkenny sneaked the victory by 3–3 to 1–5 and Downey captured her first All-Ireland medal.
Kilkenny surrendered their All-Ireland crown in 1975, however, Downey lined out in a third All-Ireland final in 1976. On that occasion Kilkenny took on Dublin. A close game followed with neither side taking a definite lead. At the full-time whistle Kilkenny were the winners by 0–6 to 1–2. It was Downey's second All-Ireland medal.
In 1977 Downey had the honour of captaining Kilkenny in their quest for back-to-back All-Ireland titles. That year she guided her county to the All-Ireland final once again. It was an exciting occasion as Wexford, the winners of the championship two years earlier, provided the opposition. Kilkenny, however, had a relatively easy victory on a score line of 3–4 to 1–3. Not only was it Downey's third All-Ireland medal but she also had the honour of collecting the O'Duffy Cup. She was later chosen as the B&I Player of the Year.
Kilkenny went into decline for the next few years; however, Downey added a National Camogie League medal to her collection in 1980. It was Kilkenny's first title in that competition. This victory acted as a launch pad for further All-Ireland success. In 1981 Kilkenny squared up against Cork in the championship decider. After an exciting game both sides ended with 3–9 apiece. The replay was not as exciting, however, it was more conclusive, Kilkenny won that game by 1–9 to 0–7 with Downey collecting a fourth All-Ireland medal.
All-Ireland success was slow in coming over the next few years; however, Downey won a second National League medal with Kilkenny in 1982. Three years later in 1985 she collected a third winners' medal in that competition. Kilkenny later qualified for another All-Ireland final. Dublin provided the opposition on that occasion; however, they faced a Kilkenny team that was on the verge of dominating camogie for the bones of the next decade. The final ended with a 0–13 to 1–5 victory for 'the Cats', giving her a fifth All-Ireland medal.
1986 saw Kilkenny line out in a second consecutive All-Ireland final, her sixth in all. For the second year in-a-row Dublin provided the opposition, however, once again the result was the same. Kilkenny were much too strong for 'the Dubs' and won the game by 2–12 to 2–3. It was Downey's sixth All-Ireland title. She was later presented with a coveted Texaco Award, thus becoming only the third camogie player ever to win one.
In 1987 Downey added a fourth National League medal to her collection after Kilkenny got the better of Dublin in yet another national final. Later that year Kilkenny qualified for the All-Ireland final. It was an historic occasion as Downey's side were hoping to capture a third All-Ireland title in-a-row, something that Kilkenny had never achieved. Cork stood in their way, however, Kilkenny gave a great performance in the final. The full-time score of 3–10 to 1–7 gave Kilkenny the victory and gave Downey a seventh All-Ireland medal.
In 1988 Downey had the honour of captaining Kilkenny once again. It would turn out to be a hugely successful year for Kilkenny once again. She began the year by winning a fifth National League medal before later guiding her county to the All-Ireland final once again. It was an exciting occasion as Kilkenny were seeking to add to their great run of success, while Cork were looking for revenge for the previous year's defeat. The game was a high scoring affair, however, Kilkenny won relatively easily in the end by 4–11 to 3–8. It was Downey's eighth All-Ireland medal while she also joined an exclusive club of player that had captained their county to more than one All-Ireland victory.
In 1989 no county was able to match Kilkenny's hunger and desire for camogie success. Cork fell in the National League final to give Kilkenny and Downey a sixth title in that competition. The subsequent All-Ireland final was a repeat of the championship deciders of the previous two years. Cork were out to avenge those defeats and avoid losing a third All-Ireland final in-a-row, while Kilkenny were hoping to add another consecutive title to their huge collection. The result was a decisive one with Kilkenny winning the day by 3–10 to 2–6, giving Downey a ninth All-Ireland medal.
1990 saw Downey and Kilkenny continue their winning ways. At the start of the year the county annexed a fourth consecutive National League title. It was Downey's seventh medal in that competition. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Kilkenny take on Wexford for the first time since 1977. Kilkenny dominated the game from start to finish and completely overwhelmed their near neighbours and rivals. The final score of 1–14 to 0–7 gave Downey her tenth All-Ireland medal on the field of play, a victory which made her joint third with Kay Ryder on the all-time list of leading All-Ireland medal holders.
In 1991 Downey was captain of her native-county once again. The year started badly when Kilkenny's great run of success in the National League came to an abrupt end. Cork defeated 'the Cats' in the final of that competition, denying the county a fifth league title in-a-row. In spite of this defeat Downey's side later qualified for the All-Ireland final. Cork provided the opposition once again and an intriguing contest took place. Kilkenny won the day by 3–8 to 0–10. Once again it was Kilkenny's success in getting goals at vital times that gave them a seventh All-Ireland title in-a-row. It was Downey's eleventh All-Ireland medal overall. She also had the honour of lifting the O'Duffy Cup for the third time.
Not for the first time Kilkenny went into decline after this. The team bounced back in 1993 with Downey winning her eighth National League medal. It was 1994, however, before Downey lined out in her next All-Ireland final. Wexford, Kilkenny's nearest neighbours, provided the opposition on that occasion. The game had a familiar ring to it as 'the Cats' were on top for pretty much all of the game. A final score of 2–11 to 0–8 gave Downey her twelfth All-Ireland medal on the field of play. On the same day her sister Ann collected her eleventh medal on the field of play. Downey's camogie prowess was subsequently acknowledged when she was named Camogie Player of the Year.
In 1995 Downey lined out in her final championship season with Kilkenny. It was a remarkable twenty-five years since she made her debut as a thirteen year-old. For the final time she lined out to play on All-Ireland final day as Cork provided the opposition. Kilkenny, however, were not the force that they once were. After an exciting game Cork emerged victorious by 4–8 to 2–10, thus, denying Downey a thirteenth All-Ireland medal. There was remarkable symmetry associated with the game. Her first All-Ireland final saw Kilkenny defeated by Cork while her final All-Ireland final appearance saw Cork claim the victory once again. Downey retired from inter-county camogie following this defeat.
Provincial.
Downey also lined out with Leinster in the Gael Linn sponsored inter-provincial camogie championship. In all she won ten inter-provincial titles with her province.
Retirement.
In retirement Downey's reputation as one of the greatest players of all-time has grown. Her haul of twelve All-Ireland medals is surpassed by only two other all-time greats, Úna O'Connor and Kathleen Mills. In 2004 Downey was named in the left corner-forward position on a special team picked to celebrate the centenary of the Camogie Association of Ireland. Controversially Downey boycotted the presentation in protest at the absence of her twin-sister, Ann, from the team. She is now a distinguished teacher at Grennan College in Thomastown Co. Kilkenny

</doc>
<doc id="9739798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739798" title="MC's Act Like They Don't Know">
MC's Act Like They Don't Know

"MC's Act Like They Don't Know" is a song from KRS-One's 1995 eponymous album. It contains production from DJ Premier that samples "Yesterdays" by Clifford Brown, and interpolates "The Breaks" by Kurtis Blow. Its lyrics deal with how lots of rappers who achieve positive chart positions and other commercial awards cannot perform well live. Ironically, it holds higher chart positions than any other KRS-One single.
Album appearances.
Besides appearing on "KRS-One" and on the "MC's Act Like They Don't Know/Represent the Real Hip-Hop" single, it has appeared on many compilation albums. It appeared on compilations including 1996's "Hip Hop's Most Wanted", 1997's "Gangsta Hip Hop, Vol. 5", "Hot Joints, Vol. 1", 1999's "Best of D&D Studios, Vol. 1", 1999's "Discover the Rhythm of Hip Hop", 1999's "Ill Rated", 1999's "Real Hip-Hop: Best of D & D, Vol. 1", 2000's "A Retrospective", 2002's "Hip Hop, Vol. 2", 2002's "Rappers Delight" and 2003's "Best of Rapture's Delight".
Cover versions.
In 2010 a new version of the song appeared on the mixtape album 'Survival Kit' which is a tribute to KRS One and his collaborative partner Buckshot. This new version of the song features Sha Stimuli, Promise, J.A.M.E.S. Watts and Fashawn and is available for free download at duckdown.com 
Sampled by.
Lyrics from "MC's Act Like They Don't Know" are sampled in "Anticipation" by M.O.P., "Rise of the Machines" by Jedi Mind Tricks and "Hardcore Hip Hop" by Rawcotiks.

</doc>
<doc id="9739805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739805" title="Ephraim Moses Lilien">
Ephraim Moses Lilien

Ephraim Moses Lilien (1874–1925) was an art nouveau illustrator and print-maker particularly noted for his art on Jewish and Zionist themes. He is sometimes called the "first Zionist artist."
Biography.
Ephraim Moses Lilien ("flower pot") was born in Drohobycz, Galicia in 1874. In 1889-1893 Lilien learned painting and graphic techniques at the Academy of Arts in Kraków. He studied under Polish painter Jan Matejko from 1890 to 1892.
As a member of the Zionist Movement, Lilien traveled to Ottoman Palestine several times between 1906 and 1918. 
He accompanied Boris Schatz to Jerusalem to help establish the Bezalel Art School.
Lilien was one of the two artists to accompany Boris Schatz to Eretz Israel in 1906 for the purpose of establishing Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design, and taught the school's first class in 1906. Although his stay in the country was short-lived, he left his indelible stamp on the creation of an Eretz Israel style, placing biblical subjects in the Zionist context and oriental settings, conceived in an idealized Western design. In the first two decades of the century, Lilien's work served as a model for the Bezalel group.
Artistic career.
Lilien is known for his famous photographic portrait of Theodor Herzl. He often used Herzl as a model, considering his features a perfect representation of the "New Jew." In 1896, he received an award for photography from the avantgarde magazine "Jugend". Lilien illustrated several books. In 1923, an exhibition of his work opened in New York.
Lilien's illustrated books include "Juda" (1900), Biblically-themes poetry by Lilien's Christian friend, Börries Freiherr von Münchausen, and "Lieder des Ghetto" (Songs of the Ghetto) (1903), Yiddish poems by Morris Rosenfeld translated into German.
Death and commemoration.
Lilien died in Badenweiler, Germany in 1925. A street in the Nayot neighborhood of Jerusalem is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="9739821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739821" title="Temple University Press">
Temple University Press

Temple University Press is a university press publishing house that is part of Temple University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The press was founded in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9739824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739824" title="Japanese House of Councillors election, 1983">
Japanese House of Councillors election, 1983

Elections for the Japanese House of Councillors were held in Japan on 26 June 1983. The House of Councillors elections were won by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9739838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739838" title="William Parsons, 5th Earl of Rosse">
William Parsons, 5th Earl of Rosse

William Edward Parsons, 5th Earl of Rosse (14 June 1873–10 June 1918) was the son of Lawrence Parsons, 4th Earl of Rosse and Frances Cassandra Hawke. He was elected a Representative Peer in 1911. He fought in the First World War and died on 10 June 1918 at age 44, from wounds received in action.
Lord Oxmantown, as he then was, was commissioned into a militia battalion of the West Yorkshire Regiment in 1896 and promoted Lieutenant shortly afterwards. He was commissioned as a regular officer in the Coldstream Guards in 1897, but transferred to the Irish Guards on its formation in 1900. He was promoted Captain in 1900 and Major in 1906. He resigned his commission in 1908, but returned to service in the First World War.
Marriage and children.
He married Frances Lois Lister-Kaye(1882-1984), daughter of Sir Cecil Lister-Kaye, 4th Baronet and Lady Beatrice Adeline Pelham-Clinton, on 19 October 1905. They had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="9739846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739846" title="Bianca Lancia">
Bianca Lancia

Bianca Lancia d'Agliano (also called Beatrice and Blanca), an Italian noblewoman, was the mistress and later the wife of Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II. The marriage was conducted while she was on her deathbed, therefore it was considered non-canonical.
Family.
Born ca. 1200/1210 in Agliano Terme, Bianca was a member of the Lancia (or Lanza) family of Piedmont, so-called since her grandfather Manfred I had been "lancifer" of emperor Frederick Barbarossa. There is no source which definitively states who her parents were, historians have offered three theories:
If she was a daughter of Manfred II, she had seven siblings: four brothers (Manfred III, Guglielmo, Galvano and Frederick) and three sisters (Beatrice, Agnes and Isabella). Apparently, Bianca would be the third child and first-born daughter. But this is only one of three competing theories.
Relationship with Frederick II.
Bianca lived most of her life in the Castle of Boro, the ancestral residence of the Lancia family. She met Frederick II, who was then married to Yolande of Jerusalem, in 1225 at Agliano, near Asti. Thenceforth, it is said, the two maintained a romantic relationship.
According to some historians, Bianca was the only true love of Frederick's life; others consider this a romantic exaggeration. It was certainly beneficial to the interests of the Lancia family, who were favoured by the Emperor with political posts in Italy (Manfredo III was appointed Imperial Vicar of the Holy Roman Empire's northern Italian territories and Podesta of Alessandria, Milan and Chieri; Galvano became Imperial Vicar of Tuscany, Podesta of Padova, Prince of Salerno, Count of Fondi and Grand Marshal of Sicily; and Frederick was appointed Count of Squillace and Viceroy of Apulia). Nonetheless, the relationship of Bianca and Frederick was the longest to all the affairs of the Emperor.
After the death of Isabella of England, Frederick's third wife, in 1241, he endowed Bianca with the castle of Monte Sant'Angelo, located in the cities of Vieste and Siponto. By the terms of the will of William II of Sicily, the castle was the traditional dower of the Sicilian queens consort.
Bianca died either in the castle of Paternò or the castle of Gioia del Colle.
Marriage and children.
The Chronicle of Salimbene di Adam, and also Matthew of Paris claimed that a ""confirmatio matrimonii in articulo mortis"" ("marriage ceremony in the moments of death") took place between Bianca and Frederick when she was dying. Bianca, apparently, desired the marriage for the salvation of her soul and the safety of their children's future. This marriage however was not deemed canonical by the Church, perhaps due to the fact that Frederick and Bianca's children were all born out of wedlock.
Frederick and Bianca had three children together:
Death.
It is not known exactly when she died. There are several conflicting reports. Although the Medlands database gives 1233/1234, Medlands is not reliable for unsourced claims. This date lingers in various reference works but appears based only on the assumption that she died after the birth of her last child, and before the marriage of her husband to his next wife.
There are credible reports that she married Frederick while she was on her deathbed, and that her son was 12 at this time. Bianca may have died a short while before the wedding of her daughter to John Vatatzes in 1244. One source states that she died 20 years after the start of her relationship with Frederick, however the same source states that she died 20 years before events that were occurring in 1256. All of these cannot be simultaneously true.

</doc>
<doc id="9739849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739849" title="Mélamare">
Mélamare

Mélamare is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in northern France.
Geography.
A farming town in the Pays de Caux, situated some east of Le Havre, near the junction of the D34 and D312 roads.
History.
Tradition holds that Saint Honorina (Sainte-Honorine) was martyred here in 303AD. There is a chapel dedicated to her in the town. The town name was recorded as "Mellomara" in the thirteenth century. After the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, Protestantism survived here clandestinely.

</doc>
<doc id="9739853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739853" title="Michael Lesch">
Michael Lesch

Michael Lesch (1939 – March 19, 2008) was a distinguished American physician and medical educator who helped identify an important genetic disorder associated with retardation and self-mutilation. This disease is now known as the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome. In the mid-1960s when the syndrome was discovered, Lesch was a Research Associate, working at the Laboratory of General and Comparative Biochemistry at the NIH National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Nyhan, a pediatrician and biochemical geneticist, was his mentor. Lesch was not yet 30 years old when he discovered the disease. 
Lesch completed his medical training at Johns Hopkins in the Osler Medical Service in 1964. While at Hopkins he earned the distinguished honor of President, Alpha Omega Alpha, The Johns Hopkins University Chapter.
Michael Lesch was born in 1939 in Queens in New York City. He attended Columbia University, attaining Phi Beta Kappa during his junior year and graduating summa cum laude, before entering medical school at Johns Hopkins. After receiving his medical degree, Lesch became an internist and specialized in cardiology. 
In the 1970s Lesch distinguished himself early on in Boston, Massachusetts, at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital and the Harvard Medical School. In 1971-72 he was appointed Chief Resident at the Brigham Hospital. Between the years of 1974-1976, he became an Associate Professor of Medicine at the Harvard Medical School and the Director of the S.A. Levine Cardiac Center at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital.
In 1976, he moved with his family from Boston to Chicago, where he took the position of Chief, Section of Cardiology, Northwestern University Medical
School, Northwestern Memorial Hospital, Chicago, Illinois, a position he held for 12 years. At age 37, he was one of the youngest Section Chiefs ever appointed at Northwestern in the Department of Cardiology. 
During his tenure in Chicago, he held the position of Vice President of the Chicago Heart Association from 1978-80. From 1982-1983 he was the President of the Chicago Heart Association. In 1982 he was also listed for the first time in the Annuals of Who's Who in America. In 1983-85, he was appointed to the Board of Trustees, University Space Research Association (NASA). From 1984-87, Lesch was asked to Chair the Chicago Heart Association's Cardiac Exhibition Committee at the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry. That Committee developed a four chamber heart that museum visitors could walk-thru to better understand the heart's physiology. In 1988, Lesch was awarded The Heart of the Year Award, from the Metropolitan Chicago Chapter of the American Heart Association. 
In 1989, Lesch moved to Michigan, where he became Chairman of the Department of Medicine at the Henry Ford Hospital and Health System until 1998. In 1993 he was appointed to the Board of Trustees at the Henry Ford Hospital. 
In 1998, Lesch was named chairman of Department of Medicine at Roosevlet/St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York City and Professor of Medicine there at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. A position he held until his death in 2008. In 1999 he was appointed to the Board of Trustees, St. Luke’s-Roosevelt Hospital Center and in 2002 he became the Medical Director for the Cardiac Service Line at Continuum Health Partners. 
During his career, Lesch lectured and taught extensively as a visiting professor abroad. In 1977 he was a visiting Professor of Cardiology at the Sree Chitra Tirunal Medical Center in Trivandrum, India. In 1984 he was an invited Lecturer at the International Symposium on Stress and Heart Disease in Winnipeg, Canada. In 1986 Dr Lesch became a Fulbright Visiting Professor of Cardiology at the Egyptian Cardiology Society and a Fulbright Visiting Professor of Cardiology, at the Portuguese Society of Cardiology. That same year, Lesch was named an Honorary member of the Portuguese Society of Cardiology. In 1993, Dr Lesch was a visiting Professor of Cardiology at the Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia in Lima, Peru. In 1999, Lesch was a visiting Cardiologist at the Sakakibara Heart Institute in Tokyo, Japan. And in 2000, he was a Visiting Professor of Cardiology, at the Tohoku University School of Medicine in Sendai, Japan. 
Lesch earned the distinction of being listed in the annals of The Best Doctors in America starting in 2003, an honor he retained every year until his death. 
Lesch was a prolific writer, publisher and editor. From 1971 until his death, he was the co-editor of the periodical, Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases. From 1975-76 he was an Associate Editor at The New England Journal of Medicine. From 1976-79 he was on the Editorial Board of Cardiovascular Medicine. From 1978-82 he was on the Editorial Board of the American Journal of Cardiology. From 1980-92 he was on the Editorial Board of American Heart Journal. From 1987-96 he was on the Editorial Board of the American Journal of Cardiac Imaging. From 1996 until his death, he was on the Editorial Board, American Journal of Geriatric Cardiology.
Lesch was also an avid fly fisherman who fished the lakes and rivers of Canada, Alaska, Chile, the Arctic, the Amazon and Argentina. 
Lesch died unexpectedly in his sleep while in Argentina on a fishing trip to the Gallegos River. He is survived by his wife, Bella Lesch, two children (Leah Lesch and Ian Lesch) and six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9739858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739858" title="Adventure (ship)">
Adventure (ship)

The Adventure was a sloop maritime fur trade ship built by the crew of Captain Robert Gray on his second voyage to the Northwest Coast of North America. The 45-ton sloop was built to allow the trading venture to access smaller inlets the "Columbia" could not reach. At the end of his second voyage Gray sold the ship to the Spanish Navy. It was renamed "Orcacitas" (also spelled "Orcasitas" or "Horcasitas") and served the Naval Department of San Blas for some years.
Construction.
The skeleton of the craft was brought with the "Columbia" when it sailed from Boston in 1790. At Clayoquot Sound the crew of the "Columbia" built the winter quarters that were named Fort Defiance and also began construction of the "Adventure". The keel was laid on October 3, 1791 on Meares Island. Over the winter the ship slowly began to take shape. Then on February 23, 1792, the ship was launched, but not without first getting stuck halfway down the ramp. Thus the first American built vessel on the Pacific was launched. The first non-indigenous vessel built on the Pacific Northwest coast was the "North West America", constructed in 1788 by Chinese labourers employed by British captain John Meares. Spain had been building ships on the Pacific coast of Mexico since the 16th century.
First voyage.
On Monday, April 2, 1792, the "Adventure" set sail for its maiden voyage. The captain was Robert Haswell, the First Mate of the "Columbia". Also assigned to the small ship was Abraham Waters, who became the mate on the "Adventure". He had been Fourth Mate on the "Columbia". Ten others were assigned, giving the ship a total crew of twelve men.
Only a few weeks after departing from the "Columbia", the "Adventure" rendezvoused on April 17 and transferred 500 skins to the larger ship before separating again. After this the 45-ton ship sailed northward. In July they reached as far north as Sitka Sound in Russian-America. After continued trading, including stops in the Queen Charlotte Islands, the "Adventure" and crew re-joined Gray and the "Columbia" near Port Montgomery on September 3, 1792.
Spanish vessel.
Shortly after his departure as commandant of Nootka Sound, Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra met Gray in the "Columbia" with the "Adventure" in company. The two captains had previously discussed the idea of selling the "Adventure", and agreed to discuss it further at Neah Bay, a Spanish outpost in the process of being abandoned. They sailed in convoy to Neah Bay, arriving on September 26. In addition to the "Columbia" and "Adventure", Neah Bay was occupied by the Spanish vessels "Princesa", "Activa", under Salvador Fidalgo and Bodega y Quadra, and the American vessel "Hope", under former "Columbia" First Mate Joseph Ingraham. Bodega y Quadra and Gray soon agreed to a sale of the "Adventure". The bill of sale, dated September 28, 1792, indicates the price was "Fifteen hundred Dollars in kind". The phrase "in kind" meant sea otter pelts. According to Captain Robert Haswell, 75 skins of superior quality were paid by Bodega. John Boit of the "Columbia" calculated the price as "72 prime Sea Otter Skins worth 55 Dollars each in Canton which is to 3960$, which at 50 per Cent advance at home is 7440 Spanish Piasters, which is a good price." Bodega renamed the sloop "Orcacitas", one of the names of the Count of Revillagigedo, Viceroy of New Spain. Bodega did not need the vessel himself, but thought it would be useful to the Naval Department of San Blas. Command of the "Orcacitas" was given to Gonzalo López de Haro, and it sailed in convoy with Bodega's "Activa" to Monterey, California. They left Neah Bay on September 29.

</doc>
<doc id="9739870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739870" title="HC Lada Togliatti songs and anthems">
HC Lada Togliatti songs and anthems

Although being non-official, the following songs could all be considered as the anthems to HC Lada Togliatti in one or other way. One could hear them before, during or after hockey games in Togliatti, being sung by fans or played through ice arena acoustic equipment.
Chto ty delayesh s nami, khokkey?!?
This bard song (its name could be translated as ""What are you doing to us, hockey?!?"") was designed as a tribute not only to ice hockey in Togliatti, but as one to the ice hockey in general, complementing the famous "Trus ne igraet v khokkey". It was composed by Lev Vaynshtein, VAZ veteran, author of several bard songs about Togliatti. As a tribute to its now deceased author, the song became an obligatory final theme for every home game of Lada.
Hey, hey, "Lada"!
This song, composed and performed by Togliatti famous radio DJ, Sergei Pitertsev is dedicated to the Russian champion titles won by Lada against their main rivals, HC Dynamo Moscow, in 1994 and 1996. There are two versions of the song, with difference in first verses: new version is more politically correct while old bashes Moscow teams in general.
Nasha "Lada"!
This rhythmic song of Sergei Pitertsev become very popular between Lada fans. It often could be heard when situation on ice is near critical; and it is believed to give hockey players that little bit which separates them from scoring one more goal. One could call it the true anthem of "Lada", despite some lack of formal logic – its name ("lit." "Our Lada") proves this fact quite well.
Komanda "Lada".
Komanda "Lada" (Russian for "Team "Lada"") is a commemorative song dedicated to Lada becoming runner-ups in Russian Superleague season 2004-05 playoffs. Making finals after eight-year pause was a considerable milestone for the team. "Komanda "Lada"" was a part of silver medals celebration ceremony.
"Lada", net puti nazad!
This march (music and lyrics by Sergei Nemov) is a recent(season 2005-06) addition to fans' repertoire. Its refrain: ""Lada, Lada, net puti nazad/Lada — vperyod!"" ("Lada, Lada, there is no way back/Lada — go ahead!") is often used by home arena DJs to cheer up the team after it got a severe penalty or allowed to score a goal against it.

</doc>
<doc id="9739888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739888" title="German submarine U-19 (1935)">
German submarine U-19 (1935)

German submarine "U-19" was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. Her keel was laid down on 20 July 1935, at the Germaniawerft of Kiel. She was launched on 21 December 1935, and commissioned on 16 January 1936, under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Viktor Schütze.
"U-19" conducted 20 patrols, sinking 15 ships totalling 35,871 tons. On 1 May 1940, "U-19" was withdrawn from combat duty and used for training and as a school boat. She returned to active duty in the 30th U-boat Flotilla on 1 May 1942, after having been transported overland and along the Danube to the Black Sea.
Operational history.
1st, 2nd and 3rd patrols.
"U-19"s first three patrols involved voyages between Wilhelmshaven and Kiel via the North Sea. She also carried out a series of short journeys, one of which took her to the English east coast near The Wash.
4th and 5th patrols.
The boat sank the "Carica Milica" with a mine off the Shipwash Lightship, (southeast of Aldeburgh) on 18 November 1939.
"U-19" departed Wilhelmshaven on 4 January 1940. On the 9th, she sank the "Manx" north of Kinnaird Head, near Fraserburgh in Scotland. She docked in Kiel on the 12th.
6th-9th patrols.
More success came when the submarine sank the "Battanglia" on 23 January 1940 southeast of Farne Island and the "Gudveig" east of the Longstone Light vessel (north of Newcastle).
A steady stream of sinkings followed, including the "Charkow" on 19 March 1940 and the "Bothal" on the 20th.
The boat then moved to the Black Sea overland and along the Danube river.
10th patrol.
She departed the Rumanian port of Konstanza (where she was to be based for the rest of her career), on 21 January 1943. She was attacked by four unidentified aircraft off Gelendzhik on 13 February; damage was minimal.
11th and 12th patrols.
This foray was cut short on 27 March 1943 because of problems with the starboard engine.
A crewman fell sick between Tuapse and Poti. He was transferred to the "schnell-boot" "S-51" off Novorossiysk on 28 April 1943.
13th patrol.
This sortie was officially divided into three parts. Having left Konstanza on 10 June 1943, she returned on the 11th due to a defective exhaust valve, having first re-fuelled at Feodosia.<br>
Part two was the longest, starting from Konstanza on 16 June and finishing in Feodosia on 7 July.<br>
The third portion was little more than a movement exercise from Feodosia to Konstanza which only lasted two days.
14th patrol.
Patrol number fourteen was also divided. The first segment was marred when a second sick crew member was transferred to . "U-19" put-in to Feodosia to re-supply.<br>
The second part involved the boat as part of a patrol line, along with and . This activity was cut short for "U-19" because of problems with the periscope.
15th-19th patrols.
These sorties covered most of the Black Sea but were relatively uneventful.
20th patrol.
"U-19" departed Konstanza on 25 August 1944. She sank the Soviet minesweeper "BTSC-410 Vzrv" (No 25) on 2 September. The communist regime cited this incident as the reason that the Rumanian fleet was seized. The commander was wounded in an accident on the 7th. The First Watch Officer (1WO) took over.
Fate.
The boat was scuttled in the Black Sea off the coast of Turkey on 10 September 1944. "U-19" suffered no casualties to any of her crew.
On 3 February 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" newspaper reported that "U-20" and "U-23" had been discovered by Selçuk Kolay, a Turkish marine engineer. He thinks he is also close to pinpointing "U-19", thought to lie more than down, three miles from the Turkish city of Zonguldak.

</doc>
<doc id="9739909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739909" title="Georges Gorse">
Georges Gorse

Georges Gorse (15 February 1915 – 17 March 2002) was a French politician and diplomat.
Born in Cahors, he qualified in 1939 as a professor at the University of Cairo. During World War II he joined Charles de Gaulle and the Free French as Director of Information, served on the Provisional Consultative Assembly.
After the war he was elected to represent the Vendée in the French National Assembly from 1946–1951, and then the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) from 1951 onwards. In 1957, Guy Mollet made him an Ambassador to Algeria, then he was elected as Gaullist representative which he held from 1967–97. 
During the events of May 1968, having attended a private political meeting as Minister of Information, he broke the news to the French media of de Gaulle's now notorious statement ""reform yes, but 'chienlit, no"". 
Gorse held a wide range of positions of state:

</doc>
<doc id="9739919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739919" title="IM Slang">
IM Slang


</doc>
<doc id="9739928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739928" title="Target for Today">
Target for Today

Target for Today is a film containing United States Army Air Forces combat footage of B-17 and B-24 bombers and named for the phrase used at briefings before air raids. The October 1943 footage was filmed during Eighth Air Force attacks on Nazi Germany industrial targets in Anklam, Marienburg (on the 9th), and Gdynia in occupied Poland. Prior to the combat footage, the documentary explains Operation Pointblank target selection and depicts planning, briefing, and preparation.

</doc>
<doc id="9739932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739932" title="Robert Garvey">
Robert Garvey

Robert Garvey (1908–1983) was a Jewish author. He served as Executive Secretary of the Jewish Book Publishers Assiciation (1972–1976). Robert Garvey died in New York in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9739945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739945" title="Dânia Neto">
Dânia Neto

Dânia Neto (born March 23, 1983) is a Portuguese actress. Primarily a model, she "gave" her face to several spots advertising executives and became popular with her works in television, participating in soap operas and series such as "Maré Alta" (2004), "Morangos com Açúcar" (2005), "Camilo em Sarilhos" (2005), "Mundo Meu" (2006) and "Tempo de Viver" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="9739982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739982" title="Thomas Swinarton">
Thomas Swinarton

Thomas Swinarton was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Cardwell in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1867 to 1871 as a Conservative.
Swinarton came to Upper Canada from County Down, Ireland. He served as reeve of Albion Township for 9 years and lived in Coventry. He was also warden for Peel County in 1881. Swinarton operated a gristmill, carding mill and sawmill, as well as a tannery and general store. He defeated George McManus in 1867 when he was elected in Cardwell.

</doc>
<doc id="9739997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739997" title="Mark Griskey">
Mark Griskey

Mark Griskey (born in 1963) is an American composer who has worked for LucasArts Entertainment in games such as ' and ', and composed the score for several other video games.
Early career.
Mr. Griskey started his career in the early 1990s, composing music for movie trailers and T.V. promo's. In the mid-90s he stepped into the world of interactive media, composing for Atom Entertainment.
LucasArts career.
In 2001, Griskey started scoring video games, including Jedi Starfighter and Gladius, for LucasArts Entertainment. He composed some of the tracks on "The Best of LucasArts Original Soundtrack," which was named "Best Game Music Soundtrack Album of the Year" by the Game Audio Network Guild. His latest projects for the LucasArts company are the Force Unleashed 2 video game, which was released on the 26th of October 2010, and "Star Wars: The Old Republic", an MMORPG which was released on December 20, 2011.
After LucasArts and recent projects.
In March 2005 Griskey left LucasArts Entertainment to start his freelance career with a new game for Disney Interactive Studios: "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe". The score for Narnia was well received, and led to two additional game contracts with Disney; "" (2007), and "The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian" (2008). In addition to Griskey's work with Disney, he has also scored several other games for various publishers including: "Rayman Raving Rabbids" 1 2 and 3; Ubisoft, "Iron Man" and "The Incredible Hulk "; Sega and "Marvel Ultimate Alliance"; Activision. In 2007 he composed the trailer music for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", and in late 2007 Mark was contracted to compose the score for LucasArts' title "The Force Unleashed" and later the MMO "Star Wars: The Old Republic".

</doc>
<doc id="9739998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9739998" title="Kathleen Mills">
Kathleen Mills

(Kathleen) "Kay" Mills-Hill (1923–1996) was an Irish sportsperson who played senior camogie with Dublin from 1941 until 1961. She is regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time, winning a record 15 All Ireland Senior Medals "that no other player in Camogie, hurling or football has equalled."
Early & private life.
Kathleen Mills was born in 31 South Square, Inchicore, Dublin, on October 8, 1923, of a Dublin mother and a Cork father. When she was just eighteen months old her mother died, leaving her to be raised by her maternal grandmother. From a young age Mills showed a great interest in a wide range of sport. She was educated in the local Convent School at Goldenbridge. She played table tennis and soccer as well as doing gymnastics, however, camogie was her first love in terms of sport. Kathleen’s father worked in the Inchicore works and therefore Kathleen was able to participate in and avail of the sporting activities in the GSR Athletic Union. Two pence per week were deducted from the worker’s wages to go towards the financing of the sports activities in the Railway. In 1947 Mills married George Hill.
Playing career.
Mills made her camogie debut with the Great Southern Railways club in Dublin in 1938 at the age of 14, and was promoted to the senior team for her second match. Three years later in 1941 she made her debut for Dublin while still 16 and played in Dublin's unsuccessful All-Ireland final against Cork, winning her first All-Ireland medal after a replay against Cork a year later. 
In 1943 the same counties met in the All-Ireland final for the third year in-a-row. Once again Mills ended up claiming an All-Ireland medal, her goal from fifty yards range being described as the highlight of the match. The following year, 1944, brought a third All-Ireland medal. In 1945 and 1946 a dispute in the camogie association kept Dublin out of the All-Ireland championship in spite of being Leinster champions in both years. In 1948 Dublin were back on form and Mills captured a fourth All-Ireland medal. She took no part in the 1949 championship, however, the 1950s would bring much success to Mills.
Between 1950 and 1955 inclusive Mills captured six All-Ireland titles in-a-row. In 1956 “the Dubs” surrendered their crown to Anrtim, however, it was quickly reclaimed in 1957. In 1958 Mills was appointed captain of the Dublin camogie team. Led by her, Dublin defeated Tipperary to capture yet another All-Ireland title. The success didn’t end there as she captured three more All-Ireland medals in 1959, 1960 and 1961. The occasion of the 1961 final was special as it was Mills’s 38th birthday and her last outing in a Dublin jersey.
Retirement.
In her playing days Mills was regarded as one of the all-time greats. In retirement this opinion of her grew. As camogie’s first superstar she has often been described as the Christy Ring, Mick Mackey, Nicky Rackard and Lory Meagher of the camogie world. With a record haul of 15 senior All-Ireland medals Mills is the most decorated player in the history of Gaelic games.
Kathleen Mills died on August 11, 1996.
Trophy.
In 2010 the camogie trophy for the annual inter-county All Ireland Championship for counties graded Junior was named in her honour.

</doc>
<doc id="9740013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740013" title="Wrangel">
Wrangel

Wrangel or Wrangell can refer to:
Places in Siberia and Alaska named after Ferdinand von Wrangel:

</doc>
<doc id="9740019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740019" title="EPRA index">
EPRA index

The FTSE EPRA Global Real Estate Index is a stock market index series jointly managed by EPRA (Brussels), FTSE (UK) and NAREIT (US), composed of property company constituents that trade on several global exchanges. 
The European Public Real Estate Association (EPRA), is a non-profit association representing Europe's publicly listed property companies. It is run by an independent management board chaired by David Atkins, CEO of UK property firm Hammerson. EPRA's CEO is Philip Charls, Director of Research, Indices and Investor Outreach is Fraser Hughes.
Decisions taken regarding a constituent's inclusion or exclusion from the various index categories of the FTSE EPRA/NAREIT index series are taken by the index committee for that region, quarterly, on the last day of trading after hours. The decisions are strictly governed by the index ground rules.

</doc>
<doc id="9740044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740044" title="Romanian general election, 1937">
Romanian general election, 1937

General elections were held in Romania in December 1937. The Chamber of Deputies was elected on 20 December, whilst the Senate was elected in three stages on 22, 28 and 30 December. The National Liberal Party remained the largest party, winning 152 of the 387 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 97 of the 112 seats in the Senate, although it lost its majority in the Chamber. The party's unexpectedly poor showing (failing to obtain 40% of the vote, which would have automatically guaranteed them a large parliamentary majority) meant they could not form a coalition with either their arch-rivals the National Peasants' Party or with the Iron Guard's Everything for the Country Party, King Carol invited the poet Octavian Goga to form a government, despite the fact that his National Christian Party finished fourth and had an avowedly anti-Semitic platform.
Unlike all previous Romanian elections organised by partisan governments, the 1937 result did not provide the governing party with a majority. As it turned out, this would be the last election held under the nominally democratic 1926 law. King Carol II dissolved Parliament and instituted a royal dictatorship the following February. By the next elections under the 1923 Constitution in 1946, Romania had passed through two dictatorships and a third (Communist) one was rapidly consolidating. It was also the last election held under universal male suffrage.
Campaign.
During the first round, clashes occurred at Orhei and Târgu Mureş, killing four and leading to 300 arrests. After the vote, the Electoral Commission surprised observers by deciding, in its allocation of seats by proportional representation, to count the entire country as one district, rather than use smaller districts, as had been the norm.

</doc>
<doc id="9740048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740048" title="J. William Davis">
J. William Davis

Dr. J. William Davis is known as the father of the National Letter of Intent for college athletics.
Dr. Davis was chairman of Texas Tech University's Athletic Council from 1948 to 1969. He created a form, the National Letter of Intent, to prevent coaches from pulling recruits from other schools. The form was adopted in 1964 by the College Commissioners Association.
Education and career.
Davis was educated at Tarleton State College, Texas A&M University, and the University of Texas. He came to Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University) in 1938 as a professor of government. Davis was named head of the department in 1944 and served in that position for twenty years. As chairman of the athletic council from 1948–1967, he was very instrumental in getting Texas Tech into the Southwest Athletic Conference. As the schools representative to the SWC, he served as vice president and later president of that body. He was the SWC’s representative to the National Collegiate Athletic Association, where he served as vice president from 1967–1971. He was best known as the Father of the Letter of Intent, and he was founder and chairman of the steering committee for the Interconference Letter of Intent. Both the library in the Political Science Department at Texas Tech and the Athletic Dining Hall are named for him.
An expert on the Texas Constitution, Davis served from 1957-1961 on the Citizens Advisory Committee on Constitutional Revision. He wrote the definitive work on the Texas Lieutenant Governor, "And There Shall Also Be A Lieutenant Governor," 1967.
Personal life.
Davis married Edwena Barnes in 1933. Their children are James Thomas Davis of Spokane, Washington (deceased 2011); Carolyn Davis Kennedy of Marble Falls, Texas, and Donald B. Davis of Kerrville, Texas. The seven grandchildren are: Kyle Davis, Laura Davis Cook, Dana Davis Mott, King Mahon, Kirk Mahon, Jason Davis, and Jaylon Davis LeTendre.
Davis was Chairman of the Board of Stewards of St. John’s Methodist Church, a Sunday School teacher for the men’s class, President of the Lubbock Lions Club, and a recipient of the Liberty Bell Award from the Junior Bar Association of Lubbock. He served in many capacities throughout his life and received many honors and awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9740055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740055" title="The Great White (SeaWorld San Antonio)">
The Great White (SeaWorld San Antonio)

Making its debut in 1997, The Great White was the first inverted roller coaster in Texas and the first roller coaster to be built at a SeaWorld park.
Despite its shortened track length, The Great White follows an identical ride layout as the Batman the Ride coasters at numerous Six Flags parks. At 2,562 feet (about 150 shorter than Batman's 2,693 foot layout), the coaster doesn't allow riders as much time to "recuperate" between inversions, consequently offering an extreme, forceful ride experience. Furthermore, The Great White sits lower to the ground, often deceiving its riders with elements such as "foot-choppers" as there are many trees and shrubs surrounding the coaster's track. "The Great White" is sometimes considered to be more intense than its Six Flags' cousin because of its added 8th row (Goliath has only seven rows per train) and shorter track length (2,562 feet, compared to Goliath's 2,700 feet. Its layout consists of the following inversions:
When "The Great White" opened, its queue line wrapped around a large-scale shark aquarium, similar to the manta aquariums found in the newly constructed Manta at SeaWorld Orlando. This was later removed, however, as the only people able to view the sharks were those waiting in line for the ride (Manta offers separate entrances for riders and non-riders). Nonetheless, SeaWorld's shark exhibit now sits toward the front of the park, just past the Dolphin Cove.

</doc>
<doc id="9740067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740067" title="Edward Tripp">
Edward Tripp

Edward Tripp (March 9, 1920, National City, California - April 6, 1999, Franklin, North Carolina) was a children's literature author. He is best known for his books "The Tin Fiddle" (1954) (illustrated by Maurice Sendak) and "The New Tuba" (1955) (illustrated by Veronica Reed). He died in 1999 at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="9740105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740105" title="Second National Government of New Zealand">
Second National Government of New Zealand

The Second National Government of New Zealand (also known as the Holyoake government) was the government of New Zealand from 1960 to 1972. It was a conservative government which sought mainly to preserve the economic prosperity and general stability of the early 1960s. It was one of New Zealand's longest-serving governments.
Formation.
The key issue of the 1960 election was the 'Black Budget' of 1958, in which the Labour government had raised taxes on alcohol, petrol and cigarettes. Although the government argued that it was necessary to address a balance of payments crisis, National continually attacked the government for it, and most historians consider that it lost Labour the election after only one term in office. Another, less important factor, may have been the age of Labour's leadership. Prime Minister Walter Nash was 78 in 1960, and had been Finance Minister in the first Labour government 25 years earlier. Voters probably considered him and many of his team old and out of touch in contrast with National leader Keith Holyoake, who in 1960 was only in his mid 50s.
The phrase Young Turk was used by Ian Templeton to describe three of the new National MPs elected in 1960, Peter Gordon, Duncan MacIntyre and Rob Muldoon. The description stuck (Zavos).
The 1963 election.
In many ways the 1963 election was a re-run of the 1960 election. No new major issues had arisen, and Labour continued to be damaged by the 'Black Budget' of 1958. Although five years had passed since the budget, its architect, Arnold Nordmeyer, was now Labour Party leader following the retirement of Nash earlier in 1963. Voters continued to associate Nordmeyer, and therefore the party, with the unpopular budget. It is normal for governments to lose some support during their term, but National's share of the popular vote was only 0.5% less than in 1960, and it lost only one seat, retaining a majority of 10.
The 1966 election.
Shortly before the 1966 election, Labour had replaced Nordmeyer as leader with Norman Kirk, but Kirk had insufficient time to consolidate his position and the party was damaged by this and division over economic policy. The main difference between the parties in terms of policy was commitment to the Vietnam War. The National government had committed a small number of troops, seeing support for American wars as a necessary payment for America's commitment (through the ANZUS pact) to protect New Zealand. Labour was opposed to New Zealand involvement in the war and made troop recall a major platform. However the strongest anti-war sentiment was probably amongst young people, and at this stage the voting age was 21. The election resulted in National losing 3.5% of the popular vote, and one seat, to Social Credit. This marked the first time since 1943 that a seat had been won by a party other than Labour or National.
The 1969 election.
Before the 1969 election the voting age was lowered from 21 to 20, and the number of electorates was increased from 80 to 84, to reflect population growth. These changes seem to have benefited National, as its share of the popular vote rose by 1.6% and it regained the seat it had lost (Hobson) to Social Credit. This is a rare example of a government increasing its share of the vote while in power.
Defeat.
Like Labour in 1960, National in 1972 appeared old, worn-out and out of touch. Holyoake's retirement in favour of deputy Jack Marshall did little to revitalise the party, as Marshall lacked the charisma of Labour leader Norman Kirk. The government was defeated less on any particular policy than on a general feeling that, as Labour's campaign material put it, it was time for a change.
Prime ministers.
Keith Holyoake was Prime Minister for almost the entire term of this government, from 12 December 1960 until 7 February 1972 when he resigned. He was replaced by Jack Marshall, with the terms of other ministers commencing on 9 February 1972. The Marshall Ministry stepped down on 8 December 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9740127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740127" title="MillsporT">
MillsporT

Millsport is a sports marketing and sponsorship agency in the United States. Founded in 1975 by James R. Millman, a 25-year-old event marketing executive with Philip Morris, Inc., Millsport gained notoriety and national prominence with its involvement in Olympic and NFL sponsorship in the 1990s.
History.
Millman, an Ohio University grad who began his career in 1968 as a production assistant with ABC Sports, served as the agency’s chairman and CEO until 2004. In 1981, Millsport joined advertising agency Doyle Dane Bernbach (now DDB), one of the largest ad agencies in the U.S. Six years later, Millsport left Doyle Dane Bernbach to once again become an independent agency. In 1996, Millsport and Omnicom's Diversified Agency Services division formed a new sports marketing partnership. It marked Omnicom's first venture into sports marketing, and, under Millman's leadership, the firm achieved the strongest record of long-term client retention in the sports industry, with +20 year service relationships with the agency's three largest accounts -- Visa, Pepsi, and GTE/Verizon.
Millsport became the sports sponsorship and motorsports consulting and activation division of fellow Omnicom agency The Marketing Arm in 2004, a move that triggered several personnel moves within the agency. Howard Jacobs was promoted from senior VP/marketing and business development to president of Millsport. Basche moved to chairman of Millsport and chief relationship officer for The Marketing Arm, while Millsport founder Jim Millman ended his association with the company to launch a new agency in partnership with Omnicom, called Partnership Marketing Connection (PMC).
In 2006, Dan Belmont joined Millsport as president, replacing Howard Jacobs, who left to join Millsport client XM Satellite Radio as SVP of strategic partnership marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="9740144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740144" title="Sajia Kamrany">
Sajia Kamrany

Sajia Kamrany (Persian: سجيه كامراني, born 1950) is a Persian-speaking Pashtun (Mohammadzai) singer and TV host personality from Afghanistan. She now hosts a program on Ariana Afghanistan TV.
She has one cd-album and one music video clip.

</doc>
<doc id="9740159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740159" title="Mikhail Ignatiev (cyclist)">
Mikhail Ignatiev (cyclist)

Mikhail Borisovich Ignatiev () (born 7 May 1985) is a Russian professional track and road bicycle racer. He currently rides for UCI ProTour team , as well as participating in various track events. He is known as a time trial specialist, and also has a reputation for making the breakaway in road races and trying, often with success, to solo to victory.
Career.
In 2004 Ignatiev achieved his biggest success to date, winning a gold medal in the points race at the Athens Olympics. On the road, Ignatiev came to prominence with his ability in the individual time trial. In 2002 and 2003, he was the World Junior Champion, while in 2005 he became the World Under 23 Champion.
Ignatiev signed his first professional contract in 2006, when he started riding for the cycling team. This team competed mainly in Russia, but Ignatiev made a big impact during a series of Spanish races in the middle part of the season.
When Tinkoff Credit Systems was established from Tinkoff Restaurants in 2007, Ignatiev moved to Marina di Massa, Italy. Early in the 2007 cycling season, Ignatiev made a name for himself by winning a stage of the Tour Méditerranéen and the Trofeo Laigueglia with successful late attacks. He continued his form throughout the season and won two time trials, the Prologue in Ster Elektrotoer, Stage 4 of the Regio-Tour and the first stage of Vuelta a Burgos.
In the 2009 cycling season he moved to UCI World Tour Team Katusha, a newly formed Russian cycling team, sponsored by Itera, Gazprom and Rostechnologies. In his first season he achieved some greatest results having taken two podiums at 2009 Tour de France.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="9740166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740166" title="GPR index">
GPR index

The GPR index, derived from Global Property Research, is a stock market index composed of property companies that trade on several global exchanges. 

</doc>
<doc id="9740171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740171" title="Transylvania Presbytery">
Transylvania Presbytery

Transylvania Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), as it was established in 1786 from part of Abingdon Presbytery, encompassed all of Kentucky, settlements on the Cumberland River in Tennessee, and later the settlements on the Great Miami River and Little Miami River in Ohio. 
The presbytery grew rapidly and in 1799 was divided into three smaller presbyteries:
In 1802, these three presbyteries were formed into the Kentucky Synod, separate from the Synod of Virginia (Presbyterian). One of the first actions of the Kentucky Synod was to form Cumberland Presbytery from the portion of Transylvania Presbytery south of the Salt River.

</doc>
<doc id="9740176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740176" title="Caletes">
Caletes

The Caletes or Caleti () were a Gaulish or a Belgic tribe of present-day Normandy. They occupied a section of the coast, between the Sequana and the Phrudis rivers.
Harfleur ("Caracotinum") was their principal port.
This map of Northern Gaul shows the exact position of the Caletes on the southern shore of the English Channel: [http://penelope.uchicago.edu/Thayer/E/Gazetteer/Maps/Periods/Roman/Places/Europe/Gallia/1.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9740196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740196" title="Quebec v. Boisbriand (City)">
Quebec v. Boisbriand (City)

Quebec. v. Boisbriand, 2000 SCC 27, 1 S.C.R. 665 is a leading Canadian civil rights decision of the Supreme Court of Canada. The Court considered the nature of a handicap in law and found that a handicap is not merely a biomedical condition but rather can exist as a perceived limitation or social construct.
The decision arises from two separate claims by individuals for discrimination under the Quebec Charter of Human Rights and Freedoms. Réjeanne Mercier was refused employment with the city of Montreal as a Gardener-horticulturalist on the grounds that her medical condition involving chronic back pains would be too costly and would interfere with her long-term employment. Palmerino Troilo was a police officer for the city of Boisbriand. He was dismissed after missing work due to having Crohn's disease.
Judgment of the Court.
Justice L'Heureux-Dube wrote the reasons for a unanimous Court and dismissed the appeal. 
The issue focused on the interpretation of the word "handicap" in the "Charter". She stated that given the "Charter"'s quasi-constitutional status it must be given a liberal and purposive interpretation. A handicap can exist outside of functional limitations. There is also a subjective component on which there can be discrimination.

</doc>
<doc id="9740221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740221" title="The Ghosts">
The Ghosts

The Ghosts is a novel written by Antonia Barber in 1969. It was shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal. It was filmed in 1972 as "The Amazing Mr Blunden" with Laurence Naismith as Mr Blunden and Diana Dors as Mrs Wickens.
Plot summary.
Mr Blunden, an elderly solicitor, visits Mrs Allen, a widow who lives with her three children Jamie, Lucy and the baby, in Camden Town, London, England. He tells her that his firm are looking for a suitable person to act as a caretaker to an old, abandoned house in the country until such time as the descendants of the original owners can be traced. When Mrs Allen leaves the room to tend to her baby, Mr Blunden mentions to Jamie and Lucy that there are rumours that the old house is haunted but that ghosts can often appear as ordinary people, perhaps children like themselves, and that ghosts are often people in need of help... Jamie and Lucy confirm that they wouldn't be scared of ghosts that appeared in that form and would help, if they could. Before Mrs Allen returns, Mr Blunden leaves, giving Jamie an old, faded card for the firm Blunden, Blunden and Claverton, where Mrs Allen should call the next day to inquire about the post.
The Allens visit the firm, which, surprisingly, is called Blunden, Claverton and Smith. The solicitors are puzzled at Mrs Allen's visit, since the job has not been advertised, but are nonetheless delighted to have found someone to take the job in spite of the rumours of ghosts, and soon the family find themselves living in the caretaker's cottage at Langley Park.
Lucy explores the house alone. In the attic she thinks she hears voices in the distance - but can't understand what they're saying. The woman who comes in from the village to clean confirms that they're the ghostly voices of children, just children, and nothing to worry about.
One morning soon after, Lucy is walking in the garden, gathering flowers. She suddenly becomes aware of a heavy, oppressive feeling and the warning song of a blackbird. Her eyes can't seem to focus, but she thinks she sees two transparent figures walking towards her through the mist that hovers over the lawn. She panics, screams and runs to Jamie who returns with her to investigate. Everything appears normal until, suddenly, they both become aware of the oppressive feeling and the repeating, hypnotic blackbird song again. And, again, the two figures are walking towards them through the mist. As they draw nearer the figures solidify into a young girl, about their age, and a younger boy.
Jamie and Lucy are relieved to meet what appear to be two ordinary children, albeit that their clothes seem a little old-fashioned. Only after talking for some minutes do they notice that the newcomers cast no shadows on the sunny path...
The new arrivals - Sara and Georgie Latimer - explain that they are not ghosts in the ordinary sense. They have come from a hundred years in the past when they lived at Langley Park. Their guardian, their uncle Bertie (a sensual, dissolute and penniless man), has fallen in love with a music-hall performer, Bella Wickens, and moved her mother and father in as housekeeper and caretaker to the house. However, the mother - Mrs Wickens - has determined to murder Sara and Georgie so that Bertie will inherit the family wealth - currently held in trust until Georgie comes of age. The children learn of Mrs Wickens' scheme and attempt to convince the family Solicitor - a certain Mr Blunden - of their danger. Blunden reacts violently and negatively to the news and the children are locked up, out of sight and out of mind.
One night, by the intervention of some supernatural agency that the children do not understand, they are led to the library of the house. There they find a book containing the recipe for a charm - 'A Charm To Move The Wheel Of Time'. By brewing the infusion and drinking it the children will be able to move through time to find the help they need. Sara and Georgie ask Jamie and Lucy to come back to their time and help them escape the fate that awaits them. Jamie and Lucy agree -although Lucy is less sure than Jamie. Sara gives them the recipe for the charm and arranges to meet them the next day. She and Georgie disappear back to the past...
The next day, in the local cemetery, Lucy and Jamie find the grave of Sara and Georgie and are disheartened. The sexton tells them that the children died in the fire that razed the house to the ground. However, they have brewed the potion and go to meet Sara and Georgie as arranged.
Only Sara is waiting for them. Georgie has upset Mrs Wickens and been locked in the cellar. Sara is keen to get back to him. At that moment, Mr Blunden arrives. This is the spirit of the Mr Blunden who ignored the pleas of Sara and Georgie and who is suffering, now, because of their deaths all those years ago. He has the opportunity to put things right and he promises Jamie and Lucy that he will keep them safe in the past; that any pain that must be suffered will be suffered by him. Sara confirms that she has forgiven Blunden. She is also aware of the grave in the churchyard. Jamie and Lucy drink the potion. The world around them swirls and goes black...
...and they find themselves back in Sara and Georgie's time - a hundred years before.
Mr Blunden tells them that, for a while, things must go on as they did before, but that when the time was right he would appear and help Jamie and Lucy save Sara and Georgie. Indeed, for a while, things do progress as they did, but eventually Mrs Wickens drugs the children and they sleep as Mr Wickens starts a fire in the library beneath the nursery. Tom, the gardener's boy, attempts to rescue them and manages to climb up the outside of the house to the nursery window. By now the fire has taken a firm hold and Jamie cannot get into the house to effect a rescue from below. Just as he's losing heart, Mr Blunden appears, takes him by the hand and leads him through the flames. Jamie feels nothing, while Blunden is clearly suffering both his pain and Jamie's and the guilt of a hundred years.
Tom, Sara and Georgie escape the house, but as Jamie attempts to leave he becomes trapped. As Lucy stands outside crying for Mr Blunden to help him the world around her swirls and blackens - and she finds herself back in her own time.
Searching the ruins of the house she finds Jamie, unconscious.
Some time later, with Jamie still ill, Lucy attends church and wanders through the cemetery afterwards. There, instead of the small stone marking Sara and Georgie's grave, she finds a tall granite memorial to Mr Frederick Percival Blunden who died to save the children in his care - a hundred years ago. They did it! They saved Sara and Georgie!
She returns home. Her mother tells her that Jamie is awake. She runs to his room and the two talk about their journey to the past.
When Jamie is well, the family receive a visit from one of the Solicitors at Blunden, Claverton and Smith. It seems they have traced the true owners of the house. Jamie and Lucy are sad, knowing this means they will have to leave, until the Solicitor explains that Sara Latimer married Tom the gardener's boy, emigrating to America, whilst Georgie inherited the house. It seems that Sara's daughter married a man named Allen and that - in fact - the true owner of the house is Jamie. Sara was their great-great grandmother.
Jamie runs off to explore the grounds anew, now as their owner. Lucy goes upstairs to the attic where she hopes, now she belongs to the house, that she will understand what the voices of the ghosts are saying...

</doc>
<doc id="9740228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740228" title="Disneymania 2">
Disneymania 2

Disneymania 2 is the second "Disneymania" albums. Much like its predecessor, "Disneymania", "Disneymania 2" was commercially successful, certified Gold in November, 2005. Disneymania 2 was more successful in that it peaked at #29 on the "Billboard" 200. Singles released from "Disneymania 2" were "Circle of Life" by the Disney Channel Circle of Stars, and "Anytime You Need a Friend" by the Beu Sisters. Also, No Secrets made a video of "Once Upon (Another) Dream" that aired on the "Disneymania 2" commercials, and was featured on the special edition DVD release of "Sleeping Beauty".
Disneymania in Concert.
"True To Your Heart" -Raven-Symoné
Welcome from Raven
"The Second Star To The Right" - Jesse McCartney
Backstage Interview with Jesse McCartney
" Beautiful Soul" - Jesse McCartney
"Anytime You Need A Friend" Music Video- The Beu Sisters
"He's A Tramp" - The Beu Sisters
Backstage Interviews with The Beu Sisters
"Anytime You Need A Friend" - The Beu Sisters (From Home on the Range)
"Best Day of My Life" - Jesse McCartney
"Shine" - Raven-Symoné (from "That's So Raven")
Studio Interview with Stevie Brock
"Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah" - Stevie Brock
Circle of Life- Disney Channel Circle of Stars music video
" All For Love"- Stevie Brock
Backstage Interview with Stevie Brock
"Supernatural" - Raven-Symoné
Note that Ashanti and Lil' Sis Shi Shi and Disney Channel Circle of Stars never take the stage.

</doc>
<doc id="9740235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740235" title="PenAgain">
PenAgain

The PenAgain is an ergonomic writing device developed by Pacific Writing Instruments, Inc. The PenAgain was designed to alleviate stress and reduce the risk of repetitive strain injury while writing.
Writing with the PenAgain differs from writing with a traditional cylindrical pen. Some users have reported that a learning curve is required with the PenAgain due to its "Y" shape. The writer's index finger sits in the Y-shaped device, so that the weight of the writer's hand directs pressure to the pen’s tip. This eliminates the need to grip the pen and push the tip into the paper. The index finger guides the tip of the pen, removing stress traditionally placed on the thumb and forefinger while writing. This hand posture reduces the likelihood of calluses and cramps. 
History.
The bifuricated shape for a writing device was first proposed and patented by John WyttenBach in 1886. Several other iterations arose including The Pen and Brush Holder of Dwight B. Smith and the Penholder by George Cooper Ward. Colin Roche designed the PenAgain while serving detention in high school. The PenAgain went through several design iterations and on October 28, 2003 was granted a patent from the USPTO.

</doc>
<doc id="9740244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740244" title="Fernando Martínez (baseball)">
Fernando Martínez (baseball)

Jesús Fernando Martínez Álvarez (born October 10, 1988) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent. Martínez signed with the New York Mets in 2005, and made his MLB debut in 2009. He bats left-handed and throws right-handed.
Career.
New York Mets.
Martínez signed with the Mets in July 2005 as an international free agent, when he was 16 years old. Mets general manager Omar Minaya, known for his ability to attract Latin American talent to the Mets, lured Martínez with a signing bonus of $1.4 million. Minaya said of the signing "What we saw in was a 16-year-old kid with power, great ability and great character, above everything else.”
Martínez had played center field in the minor leagues since the 2007 season with Double-A Binghamton. He was selected to both the 2007 and 2008 All-Star Futures Games. Martínez is considered by many to be a potential 5-tool player at the major league level.
"Baseball America" named him as the Mets Number One Prospect for 2007
Martinez has seen his status as a blue chip prospect decline in the past two years, due in large part to his frequent stints on the disabled list. For example, Martinez was ranked as the Number 1 prospect in the Mets' organization by Scout.com in 2009 and 2010. In 2011, he was dropped to Number 4. Similarly, ESPN Scout Keith Law ranked Martinez as the Number 10 overall prospect in 2008, and then as the Number 16 overall prospect in 2009, but dropped him to Number 73 overall in 2010. Martinez' prospect status expired after 2010.
After batting .291 with 8 home runs and leading the International League with 25 extra-base hits in 42 games with AAA Buffalo, Martínez was called up to the major leagues on May 26 as José Reyes and Ryan Church were placed on the disabled list. He went 0–3 with 2 strikeouts, a fielder's choice, a hit by pitch, and an RBI. He hit his first career home run against the Brewers on June 30 in a 6–3 loss.
Houston Astros.
On January 11, 2012, Martinez was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros. He was designated for assignment on May 6, 2013.
New York Yankees.
On June 18, 2013, Martínez was traded from the Astros to the New York Yankees for minor league pitcher Charles Basford.
On August 5, 2013, Martinez was suspended 50 games by the MLB for violating its drug policy and connection to Biogenesis.
In the Dominican winter league, he plays for the Estrellas Orientales, the team from San Pedro de Macoris.

</doc>
<doc id="9740264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740264" title="Boynton Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Boynton Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Boynton Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 275 and it contained 94 housing units. Formed as Boyington Township in November, 1854, but the name was changed to Boynton on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9740277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740277" title="Portillo, Chile">
Portillo, Chile

Portillo is a ski resort in South America, located in the Andes mountains of Chile. In the Valparaíso Region, it is near the city of Los Andes, and by vehicle from Santiago. Its hotel sits at an elevation of above sea level, and the highest lift reaches . The lowest lift loads at , yielding a vertical drop of . Ski Portillo has 35 named runs and 14 lifts. 
Plans to build the ski area were drawn up in the 1930s. Construction began in 1942 and the ski area was opened in 1949. Several of the ski lifts on the west side of the valley were destroyed by avalanches in 1965 and were rebuilt in time for Portillo to host the Alpine World Ski Championships in August 1966. Those championships marked the emergence of Jean-Claude Killy, who won gold medals in the downhill and combined events. Portillo has since become one of the principal destinations for ski racers to train during the northern hemisphere summer and hosts the national ski teams of Austria, Italy, and the United States. 
The summit of the mountain "(Ojos de Agua)" climbs to . Nearby peaks include "Los Tres Hermanos" at and "La Paraya" at . "Aconcagua", the highest peak in the western and southern hemispheres, is nearby at , which exceeds any peak in Europe, Africa, and North America; only the Himalayas, Karakoram, and Tien Shan in Asia are higher. 
Access.
Portillo lies close to the border between Chile and Argentina at Paso Los Libertadores. Access can be restricted due to heavy winter snow and the use of snow chains is mandatory.
Season.
The ski season at Portillo typically runs from mid-June to early-October, conditions permitting.

</doc>
<doc id="9740286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740286" title="Disneymania 3">
Disneymania 3

Disneymania 3 is the third album released in the "Disneymania" series. The album was released on February 15, 2005 and was certified Gold soon after. It peaked at #30 on the "Billboard" 200, one spot behind its predecessor "Disneymania 2".
"Disneymania 3" in Concert.
Introduction
Welcome from Raven
Inside the Studio with Raven on "Under the Sea"
Inside the Studio with Lalaine on "Cruella de Vil"
Inside the Studio with Skye Sweetnam on "Part of Your World"*
Inside the Studio with Christy Carlson Romano on "Colors of the Wind"
Inside the Studio with Aly & AJ on "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah"
Inside the Studio with The Cheetah Girls on "I Won't Say (I'm in Love)"

</doc>
<doc id="9740291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740291" title="Lake Grace System">
Lake Grace System

Lake Grace System is a DIWA-listed wetland in Western Australia. Located on the border of the Shires of Lake Grace and Kent, it consists of four lakes, Lake Grace North, Lake Grace South, Lake Altham and Lake Cemetery. It has an area of about 1.5 square kilometres (0.6 mi²).
Biogeographically, it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It is part of a saline drainage system that extends from near Ongerup, Western Australia, ultimately draining into Salt River. It is a major breeding area for the Banded Stilt ("Cladorhynchus leucocephalus").

</doc>
<doc id="9740307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740307" title="1937 Belgian Grand Prix">
1937 Belgian Grand Prix

The 1937 Belgian Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Spa-Francorchamps on 11 July 1937. It was the last Grand Prix to be held at the circuit's original configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="9740333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740333" title="Cincinnati Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Cincinnati Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Cincinnati Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 9,506 and it contained 3,436 housing units.
The township is based in the Village of South Pekin, Illinois.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.85%) is land and (or 1.18%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9740353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740353" title="Embers">
Embers

Embers is a radio play by Samuel Beckett. It was written in English in 1957. First broadcast on the BBC Third Programme on 24 June 1959, the play won the RAI prize at the Prix Italia awards later that year. Donald McWhinnie directed Jack MacGowran – for whom the play was specially written – as "Henry", Kathleen Michael as "Ada" and Patrick Magee as "Riding Master" and "Music Master". Robert Pinget translated the work as Cendres and "The first stage production was by the French Graduate Circle of Edinburgh, Edinburgh Festival, 1977."
The most recent version of "Embers" was broadcast in 2006 on BBC Radio 3 and directed by Stephen Rea. The cast included Michael Gambon as Henry, Sinéad Cusack as Ada, Rupert Graves, Alvaro Lucchesi and Carly Baker. This production was rebroadcast on BBC Radio 3 on 16 May 2010 as part of a double bill with a 2006 production of "Krapp's Last Tape".
Opinions vary as to whether the work succeeds. Hugh Kenner calls it "Beckett’s most difficult work" and yet maintains that the piece "coheres to perfection," John Pilling disagrees, remarking that "Embers" "is the first of Beckett’s dramatic works that seems to lack a real centre," whereas Richard N. Coe considers the play "not only minor, but one of very few failures." Anthony Cronin records in his biography of Beckett that "Embers met with a mixed reception [but tempers this comment by noting that the general tone of English criticism was somewhat hostile to Beckett" at the time.
The author’s own view was that it was a "rather ragged" text. He said that it was "not very satisfactory, but I think just worth doing … I think it just gets by for radio." 
For all his personal reservations the play won the RAI prize in the 1959 Prix Italia contest, not, as has been often reported, "the "actual" Prix Italia … which went to John Reeve’s play, "Beach of Strangers"."
Synopsis.
The play opens with the sea in the distance and the sound of footsteps on shingle. Henry has been walking along the strand close to where he has lived his whole life, at one time or other on either side of "a bay or estuary".
Henry starts to talk, a single word, "on," followed by the sea again, followed by the voice – louder and more insistent this time, repeating the same word, as it will say, then repeat as a command, the words "stop" and "down." Each time, Henry obediently yet reluctantly does what his voice first says, then tells him to do, he stops and sits down on the shingle. Throughout the play the sea acts like a character in its own right (much as the light in Play does).
The first monologue.
The sea, it has always been assumed, was the cause of his father’s death: "the evening bathe you took once too often", however the next sentence tells us: "We never found your body, you know, that held up probate an unconscionable time". Nothing in the text explicitly says that Henry’s father was suicidal – though this has been inferred from the story of Bolton and Holloway discussed later.
He imagines his father, whom he describes as “old … blind and foolish”, sitting beside him on the beach and addresses the whole opening monologue to him, apart from a single aside to the audience, but the father never once responds. His father could never stay away from the sea and it seems neither can his son. "The sea presents an antithetical image to Henry. He must stay near it, and yet he attempts to distance himself from its sound." Even when he finally received his inheritance he only relocated to the other side of the bay; it has been a great many years since he actually swam in it. He tried once going to landlocked Switzerland but still couldn’t get the sound of the sea out of his head.
To drown out the sound, rather than seek out company, he began making up stories but could never finish any of them. He remembers " a great one" and starts to tell it:
Henry tells his father that, after a time, his stories were not company enough and he began feeling the need for someone from his past to be with him. He then continues:
Henry suddenly stops his story and jumps to the last time he saw his father alive. His father’s eventual disappearance followed an angry interchange between the two of them. He wanted Henry to go swimming with him but Henry refuses and so the last words his father ends up saying to him are: "A washout, that’s what you are, a washout!" Whether his father was accidentally washed out to sea and drowned or deliberately killed himself is something no one knows for sure. Understandably Henry has punished himself for years over his decision not to go with him.
His relationship with his daughter had not been good either, a clingy child and, as we discover later, not particularly proficient or interested in anything she was required to do; Henry blames the "horrid little creature" for the break-up of his marriage. He re-enacts going for a walk with her and how he ended up reducing the girl to tears when she refuses to let go of his hand.
Henry treats his Addie in much the same way his father appears to have treated him. He remembers: "That was always the way, walk all over the mountains with you talking and talking and then suddenly mum and home in misery and not a word to a soul for a week." "The consequent judgement that Henry was a ‘sulky little bastard, better off dead’ is consistent with his father’s final verdict of his son as a ‘washout’."
Out of the blue Henry calls out to his estranged, possibly ex, probably dead wife, Ada.
The dialogue.
The central sequence involves a dialogue between Henry and Ada, which provokes three specific memories presented in the form of short "evocation" involving other characters (each lasts only a few seconds). Each occasion ends in a character crying or crying out and is artificially cut short at that instant.
Before this the two engage in quasi-domestic small talk. Ada wants to know where their daughter, Addie, is. Henry says she is with her music master. She chides him for sitting on the cold stones and offers to put her shawl under him, which he allows. She asks if he’s wearing his long johns but Henry is difficult about answering her. The sound of hooves distracts him. Ada makes a joke about horses and tries to get him to laugh. He then returns to his old preoccupation, the sound of the sea. He wants to go but Ada says they can’t because they’re waiting on Addie. This triggers the first evocation.
Ada suggests that he consult Holloway about his talking. This was a source of some embarrassment to her when they were together. She cites an instance where she has to explain to their daughter why her father was talking to himself in the lavatory. She can’t understand why such "a lovely peaceful gentle soothing sound" should upset him so and refuses to believe that his talking helps drown it out. He tells he that he’s even taken to "walkabout with [a gramophone" but forget it this day.
He reminds Ada that it was on this very beach they had sex for the first time. She’d shown great reluctance and they had to wait a long time before the coast was clear. She did not get pregnant right away however and it was years before they had Addie. He wonders what age the girl is now but – unexpectedly for a mother – Ada says she doesn’t know. He proposes going for a row, "to be with my father", he tells her but, again, she reminds him that their daughter will be coming soon and would be upset to find him gone.
Henry explains to Ada that his father doesn’t talk with him like she does. She is not surprised and predicts that a day will come when there will be no one left and he will be alone with only his own voice for company. She remembers meeting his family in the midst of having a row, his father, mother and a sister threatening to kill herself. The father storms out slamming the door, as he did the day he disappeared for good (if this is in fact "not" the same day), but she passes him later sitting staring out to sea (bear in mind Henry said his father was blind) in a posture that reminded her of Henry himself.
"Is this rubbish a help to you, Henry? wonders out loud. "I can try and go on a little if you wish." He fails to answer though and so she slips out of his consciousness.
The second monologue.
He says he’s not ready and begs her to stay even if she won’t speak and "Henry improvises upon her story, attempting to build it into a more complex and extended narrative but he fails". What is interesting here is that Henry imagines that Ada, after witnessing his father sitting on the rock, gets on the tram (possibly horse-driven) to go home, then alights and returns to check on him only to find the beach empty. Was she the last person to see him alive?
Resigning himself to being alone Henry picks up the Bolton story from where he left off:
Henry is like the "writer-protagonists of the novels, using their speech/writing to fill the moments until death." But he finds he can’t go on. He curses, gets to his feet, walks over to the water’s edge where he takes out and consults a pocket diary. With the exception of an appointment with the "plumber at nine attend to the waste" pipe his future is empty. The play ends with no resolution other than the certainty that the next day and the next day will be the same as the previous ones.
Interpretation.
Since "Embers" can be interpreted in a variety of ways it is perhaps worthwhile considering what Beckett said to Jack MacGowran, not specifically about this play, but about all his writing:
Henry, the central character in this play, cannot find the words to articulate his situation and fills in the blanks with what he can in an effort to make sense of things. In this context, the play is its own metaphor. Words have become redundant, but they are all Henry has to explain the unexplainable. If critics get frustrated because there are no answers then they’ve got the point.
Sound Effects.
"Beckett’s paradoxical endeavour to question sound in this radio play is achieved through the use of grossly made sound effects (coconut-like sound of hooves, exaggerated amplifications of Addie’s cries, etc.)."
The sound of the sea dominates the play but it is not an accurate representation and deliberately so. Henry warns us that the sea sound effects are not perfect and this casts doubt as to whether he is even on the beach at all; perhaps "everything" in the play is taking place within his head.
The pioneering sound engineer Desmond Briscoe was responsible for the sound of the sea in the original BBC production. This was his second collaboration with Beckett (he also worked on "All That Fall") only this time he "utilized a more traditionally ‘musical’ approach, moulding the abstract sound of the sea using distinct pitches."
"Henry also demands certain sound effects to provide a contrast to the monotony of the sea. He twice asks for the sound of hooves, hoping that the 'ten-ton mammoth' can be trained to mark time; have it 'stamp all day' and 'tramp the world down'. He similarly asks for a drip, as if the sea could be drained by the sound effect."
Henry.
Beckett himself, Zilliacus believes, has made the most important point about "Embers": "‘"Cendres,"’ he remarked in an interview with P.L. Mignon, ‘"repose sur une ambiguité: le personage a-t-il une hallucination ou est-il en présence de la réalité?"’" ("Embers" rests on an ambiguity: is the person having an hallucination or is this really happening?) Paul Lawley feels the need to qualify this statement however: "The most important point , but one to start from rather than conclude with."
Like many of Beckett’s characters (e.g. "Molloy", May in "Footfalls"), Henry is a writer or at the very least a storyteller, albeit by his own admission, a poor one never actually finishing anything he starts. Fortunately he doesn’t need to depend on his writing for a living. He may or may not commit what he has written to paper but he performs the core function of a writer, the creation of stories. And as a writer he also needs readers or listeners to hear what he has to say. Like the old woman in "Rockaby" he only has himself and the voices in his head left to acknowledge his existence however pathetic that existence has become.
Henry is undoubtedly a tormented soul. He interrogates the past rigorously but never gets round to actually verbalising what is really on his mind: How did his father die? Was he, in any way, responsible for that death? Is vital information missing or has he repressed it? Is this why he can never complete any of his stories because they are all really the same story and are all missing that something? His life is like a sentence (pun intended) – it reached a comma with his father’s death and he has been unable to satisfactorily finish it. He has no "professional obligations", no familial ties and now not even a woman to justify his hanging around this place like, as he puts it, an "old grave I cannot tear myself away from".
The Sea.
Henry's initial monologue focuses on his fixation with the sound of the sea. Right at the start he even says, "That sound you hear is the sea … I mention it because the sound is so strange, so unlike the sound of the sea, that if you didn't see what it was you wouldn't know what it was." "The ‘you’ here can be taken to be the dead father, with whom Henry is sitting on the strand. But if so, it makes little sense since, as we soon learn, the father lived at the sea's edge all his life and presumably would know how the sea sounds. Henry's information thus functions ironically, or even metalinguistically: on the one hand, it shows the narrator having a brief moment of power over the father whose death haunts him; on the other, we can read the speech as an aside to the audience," emphasising that everything they are experiencing is a part of a fiction, even the sea. Jonathan Kalb has even suggested that "everything" including the sea and the beach are all merely figments of Henry’s imagination.
The images (symbols and metaphors) that spring to mind when people "see the sea" (another pun Beckett cannot have failed to notice) have become somewhat clichéd over the years and Beckett takes full advantage of this fact; literature (not forgetting the visual arts) has done much of his groundwork for him.
The sound of the sea continues throughout the play always "moving according to the temporal laws of the tide" suggesting a linearality to the time line but the action is grouped by association rather than presented in a chronological order. The omnipresent sea is less of a natural phenomenon than another mental ghost haunting him no matter where he goes, even reacting to events (e.g. during the sex scene) by getting louder; it clearly has its own voice or perhaps it is all that remains of his father’s voice since it represents his grave. Either way the sea is a constant reminder of death and Henry’s attempts to drown out its sound "seem to manifest the typical Beckett antithesis: the desire for death and the desire to keep it at bay by continued speech".
Beckett’s own father (actually a superb swimmer) died at home, of a heart attack it has to be said, on 26 June 1933. In October his mother rented "a little house by the sea just beyond Dalkey Harbour. Beckett accompanied her, laden with his books, manuscripts and typewriter. But he never settled down there and questioned ‘how people have the nerve to live so near, "on" the sea. It moans in one’s dreams at night.’" The beach there – "by contract with most Irish beaches – is notoriously composed of shingle and pebble".
In May 1954 he received a phone call from his sister-in-law to let him know that his brother, Frank, had been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Beckett spent several months there up until his brother’s eventual death in September. "Most evenings he walked alone after dinner along the seashore below the house"
Henry’s Father.
"‘To "act" it is to kill it’: ‘radio text,’ Beckett here reminds us, is "par excellence" an art that depends on sound alone and hence cannot be converted to the stage. Furthermore, the sound in question is not just that of the human voice but includes a complex network of nonverbal elements, musical or otherwise. It makes little sense, then, to complain, as does John Pilling, that Beckett should have included the voice of Henry's father, along with Ada's and Addie's voices, in the play: 
"But there is a very good reason for the omission, which is that, unlike the theatre, radio makes it possible to represent characters by means of metonymic sound images: The ghost of Henry's father is indeed "heard" throughout the play: not only when his son acts the role of medium, imitating such parental exhortations as "Are you coming for a dip?", but also in the recurrent "Please! PLEASE!" that Bolton addresses to Holloway, and, most important, in the voice of the sea itself."
Henry tells us at the very start of the play that his father is blind and yet when Ada passes him she makes mention that he did not see her. As Henry is not only talking to his father at the start it is also true that he is talking to a "blind" audience too. Is the man actually blind or even figuratively blind? Perhaps Ada was unaware that he was blind though think seems unlikely.
"As their names suggest, Ada and Addie may not be wife and daughter at all, not even imagined wife and daughter, only father-surrogates: Ada is a near anagram of Dad and Addie a rhyme for Daddie. And Henry himself? Is he perhaps just another of the fictional characters? Ruby Cohn notes that ‘Henry is a name derived from German "Heimrih", meaning head of the family’ he too is a father or father or father-surrogate – his own. Why should the figure of the father loom so large in every element of the play? Because the father, the head of the family, is its creator, and it is creation which is Henry’s obligation."
Bolton and Holloway.
Although the scene where the action takes places is ostensibly a beach, the real action all takes place inside Henry’s head, which is why Beckett commentators generally speak of this kind of Beckettian dramatic setting as a "skullscape" or "soulscape." Paul "Lawley has suggested that the enigmatic scene with Bolton’s opening and shutting the heavy drapes enacts the blinking of an eye, the room thus becoming a skull," a skull-within-a-skull in fact.
A fuller appreciation of the story of Bolton and Holloway helps with an overall understanding of the rest of the play. Needless to say opinions differ. It is reminiscent of the story May tells in "Footfalls" where aspects of her and her mother are recast as “Amy” and “Mrs Winter”.
Bolton = Henry.
Hersh Zeifman, for whom "Embers" "dramatizes a quest for salvation, a quest which, as always, ultimately proves fruitless," sees this scene as "a paradigm of human suffering and divine rejection":
Lawley’s contention could equally be valid in that "Henry is losing his creative impersonality and is consequently moving inexorably into identity with his fictional creation, Bolton."
Whereas most scholars take Bolton’s begging to suggest he wants to die, Michael Robinson, in "The Long Sonata of the Dead", puts forward a simpler interpretation:
The sad fact is that company is not the real answer. It is still only an anaesthetic, numbing the pain. In the Beckettian universal construct sadly death rarely brings any relief either.
Whether Holloway is a real person or the character in the story even based on a real person is unclear.
Bolton = Henry’s father.
An alternative stance is take by Vivian Mercier who "suggests that Bolton is in fact Henry’s father" because of the use of "your" rather than "his" in the expression, "and the glim shaking in your old fist" assuming of course that Henry has returned to telling his tale to his dead father which seems most likely. Marjorie Perloff concurs with this reading.
This option offers a simpler explanation of the story. If it is based on his father’s seeking some kind of escape from a life that has become unendurable, with a worthless son, a suicidal daughter and possibly an argumentative wife all symptoms of it, then Holloway could simply be a personification of "any" means of release. That the story is missing key elements is due to the fact that Henry himself doesn’t have these pieces. As his life has dragged on in its own version of unendurability it is only obvious that he will start to relate more and more to the figure of Bolton. If, at this point, Henry were able to end his story, he would be "going beyond the confines of his own condition, of which his story is, in all essential aspects, a duplicate. The moment the story can be finished, there will be no one there to finish it'".
Ada.
Henry’s conversation with his wife at first "appears to take place in the present, but Ada does not really move into the scene and certain clues show that this dialogue actually took place years before when their marriage was only twenty years old and Addie was still a child." For one thing Beckett stipulates that she makes ""o sound as she sits."" Also beforehand she was aware of "the least feather of smoke on the horizon" but now "she cannot see the beach where Henry is sitting (‘is there anyone about?’) without his words to describe it."
Their nature of their dialogue is odd too – quite civilized – considering the comment Henry made just before evoking her presence: "Ada too, conversation with her, that was something, that’s what hell will be like." Evidently he is remembering better times here. Katharine Worth conjectures that Ada represents a kind of muse, "a hint stressed in the sound of her voice – ‘"low remote throughout"’ – and in the curious fact that she has been present in some mysterious way before he spoke her name." He calls on her because he needs her, his father doesn’t answer and he is struggling with his story on his own.
Roger Blin, in an interview on 2 March 1975, in Paris, said: "Beckett absolutely didn't want me to try to do "Embers" for the theatre because, when you listen, you don't know if Ada exists or not, whether she only exists in the imagination of the character Henry."
Ada is "immensely "there"", though, her personality is allowed to shine throughout her conversation with Henry; she doesn’t merely respond, she initiates lines of thought, she nags him like a mother with her list of don’ts, jokes with him, reproves him in a matter-of-fact way and refuses to mollycoddle him. She doesn’t appear to take him very seriously either. Henry is obviously incapable of imagining her any other way than how she was when they were together, further evidence of his declining creative powers. Parts of their conversation, for example, sound as if they are simply reenactments of things said to each other when they were a couple but noticeably not all.
Her advice to Henry that he seeks medical assistance from Holloway, assuming him to be "a figure in the fiction he been weaving", would add weight to the argument that Ada is both part imagined as well as part remembered.
Having performed her function to the best of her plainly limited abilities she leaves him to it with a down-to-earth, "Is this rubbish a help to you, Henry? … No? Then I think I’ll be getting back?"
Conclusion.
In a letter to Alan Schneider dated 6 September 1959, after finally hearing a tape of the BBC production, Beckett wrote: "Good performance and production but doesn't come off. My fault, text too difficult."
Beckett could never be called an "easy" author and one of the reasons for his success is undoubtedly the pleasure that comes from finding hidden meanings in his works even those you thought you were familiar with. So why did Beckett believe this particular text too hard? 
The main problem here is the density of the writing. Beckett’s plays never provide all the answers; there are gaps where the audience has to do some digging and some filling in. In "Embers" there are a few too many plot holes and far too many clues pointing in all directions for such a short piece to bear.

</doc>
<doc id="9740354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740354" title="West Lexington Presbytery">
West Lexington Presbytery

West Lexington Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church (USA) was formed from Transylvania Presbytery in 1799. It covered the area of Kentucky between the Kentucky River and the Licking River. In 1802, the West Lexington, Transylvania, and Washington Presbyteries were formed into Kentucky Synod, separate from the Synod of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9740356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740356" title="Jacques Fred Petrus">
Jacques Fred Petrus

Jacques Fred Petrus (born February 22, 1948 in Guadeloupe, French West Indies - June 8, 1987 in Sainte-Anne Guadeloupe, French West Indies) was a French-Italian businessman and a pioneer of Italian Disco music.
Early years.
He worked as a diesel-engine mechanic on a cargo ship aged only 15 before his early interest for R&B and Soul music brought him to Paris where he worked as a DJ at different clubs, including the legendary jet-set nightclub "Club Saint-Hilaire".
In the early 70s he moved to Milan, Italy and continued his career as a DJ for several famous local clubs like "Good Mood". After a crucial meeting with music student Mauro Malavasi (°1958) in Bologna, who became his working partner and main song writer and producer, they formed a disco production company called Goody Music Productions (GMP), invested in a recording studio at Bologna and created the Goody Music record label.
In 1978 the associates released their first studio project called Macho which was followed by more or less commercially successful disco productions like Revanche and Peter Jacques band. But it wasn't until 1980, when their latest creation called Change was revealed, that Petrus and Malavasi established their own signature sound and reached their goal of world wide success. In 1979 Fred Petrus gathered his international music activities under the company name Little Macho Music.
Change - Petrus' biggest success.
When Change hit the market in 1980 with their debut album "The Glow of Love" Petrus and Malavasi didn't realise the magnitude of the success that was to come. Petrus used two other Italian musicians besides Malavasi on this album, bassist Davide Romani (°1959) and guitarist Paolo Gianolio. Romani, who not only wrote the No 1 hits "A Lover's Holiday" and "The Glow of Love" (vocals by Luther Vandross, who was hired by Petrus to perform together with Jocelyn Brown), but also arranged and conducted the entire set in conjunction with Gianolio. Besides "A Lover's Holiday" which reached the No 1 spot on Billboards Hot Dance Club Play for nine weeks, the album also received 7 Grammy Award nominations.
Although similarities with famous disco band Chic, which was a source of inspiration for Romani, Change had their own slick and sophisticated blend of Eurodisco and American Chic'esque R&B-disco. From 1980 to 1983 when Chic's fame was waning Change managed to climb higher on the charts each year, a rather satisfying and amusing fact for the founders Petrus, Malavasi, Romani and Gianolio. Although Jacques Fred Petrus released many other tracks with many other artists, none achieved the same fame and success as Change.
Other projects until 1986.
Early Petrus projects included Macho (1978), Elvin Shaad (1978), Peter Jacques Band (1979), Revanche (1979), Rudy (an album bringing the Italian Goody Music collaborator Rudy Trevisi to the front), Midnight Gang (1979), A.N.T.I. Rock (1980) (the Italian version of Ottawan's disco hit D.I.S.C.O.), The Jumpers (1980), Gianni Riso (1980) and Caprice (1980).
After the tremendous hype with Change Petrus and Malavasi launched several new projects like The Brooklyn, Bronx and Queens band (B. B. & Q. band) in 1981, High Fashion (1982) (including the Romani/Malavasi penned hit "Feelin' lucky lately" which reached the No 32 spot on Billboards R&B chart), Silence (a pop album released in 1982) and Zinc (1982). Petrus and his troupe of Italian studio musicians and writers also co-wrote and produced parts of The Ritchie Family's 1982 album "I'll do my Best". The title track became a club hit, and was penned by Malavasi. Of all these new projects the B. B. & Q. band was by far the most successful concept. Their self-titled 1981 debut album included "On the Beat" (by Malavasi/Slade), a highly catchy and hypnotic dance floor filler with a powerful intro that rocketed to the No 8 spot on the Billboard black singles charts.
During the second part of the 80's Petrus achieved success with album releases of B.B.&Q. Band (1985), Peter Jacques Band (1985) and Change (1985). Less successful projects in 1984 and 1985 (often single releases) included Silence 2 feat. Gordon Grody (1984), Macho III (1984), Kevin Johnson (1984), Zinc feat. Sherwin (1984), M Like Moon (1984), Midnight Gang (1984), Tato (1985), Nobel (1985) and Persuader (1985). Due to severe troubles with the US taxman, Petrus was forced to shut down the Little Macho Music company. In 1985 he started up a new production company and record label called Renaissance International. Vedette International was the name of his new publishing company.
Death.
In 1986 the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) of the US federal government accused Jacques Fred Petrus of tax evasion. Petrus put his music industry activities on hold and fled to Guadeloupe. 
Petrus was murdered in the Spring of 1987 in Guadeloupe under mysterious circumstances. He was only 39 years old. The official version from the French police reported that Petrus had been shot at home in Sainte-Anne by a Swiss gunman who had clashed with him earlier the night of the murder at the Petrus-owned club L'Elysée Matignon in Le Gosier.
Producer discography.
singles: “On The Beat”, “Starlette”, “Time For Love”, "Mistakes".
singles: “Imagination”, “All Night Long (She’s Got The Moves I Like)”.
singles: “Keep It Hot”, “She’s A Woman”.
singles: “Genie”, “Dreamer”, “On The Shelf”, “Riccochet”, "Minutes Away", "Main Attraction".
singles: "Russia", "Stay Tonight".
singles: “A Lover’s Holiday”, “The Glow Of Love”, “Searching”, "Angel In My Pocket".
singles: “Paradise”, “Hold Tight”, “Miracles”, "Stop For Love", "Heaven Of My Life".
singles: “The Very Best In You”, “Hard Times (It’s Gonna Be Alright)”, “Oh What A Night”, “Keep On It”, "Sharing Your Love".
singles: “Got To Get Up”, “This Is Your Time”, “Don’t Wait Another Night”, “Magical Night”.
singles: “Change Of Heart”, “You Are My Melody”, "Say You Love Me Again", “It Burns Me Up”.
singles: “Let’s Go Together”, “Oh What A Feeling”, “Mutual Attraction”, "Examination", "Turn On Your Radio".
single: “Live For Love”.
singles: “Feelin’ Lucky Lately”, "You're The Winner", “Hold On”.
single: “Break Up”, "Make Up Your Mind".
singles: “I’m A Man”, “Hear Me Calling”.
singles: “Roll”, “Mothers Love”, "Not Tonight".
singles: “Love Is Magic”, “Midnight Game”.
singles: “Walking On Music”, “Fire Night Dance”, “Devil’s Run”, “Fly With The Wind”.
singles: “Is It It”, “Counting On Love (One-Two-Three)”, “The Louder”, “Mighty Fine”.
singles: “Going Dancin’ Down The Street”, “Mexico”, “Drive Me Crazy”, "This Night".
singles: “Music Man”, “Revenge”, “You Get High In N.Y.C.”, “1979 It’s Dancing Time”.
singles: "I’ll Do My Best (For You Baby)", “Walk With Me”, “Alright On The Night”.
singles: “White Room”, “Just Take My Body”, “Thank You Baby”.
singles: “Midnight Visitors”, “No Way”.
single: "The Beast In Me".
singles: “Street Level”, “Punkulation”, "Amazon", "I'll Never Stop".

</doc>
<doc id="9740366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740366" title="Disneymania 4">
Disneymania 4

Disneymania 4 is the fourth in the "Disneymania" series. This is the second "Disneymania" album with the Disney Channel Circle of Stars (though the album just calls them "Disney Channel Stars"), with a few additions, such as Dylan and Cole Sprouse, from "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody". Other artists include Jonas Brothers, Teddy Geiger, and B5. The album became the second highest-peaking album in the series (behind "Disneymania 5" which debuted and peaked at #14), peaking at #15 on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified Gold by the RIAA. To date, the album has sold over 717,000 copies, according to HITS Daily Double. 
Singles.
"*NOTE: None of these songs were officially released as singles for the album, but as singles for the artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9740380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740380" title="Diawl bach">
Diawl bach

Meaning "little devil", the diawl bach is a popular Welsh fly pattern used in British still waters, and an appropriate lure to use when the fish are feeding on midge pupae. The dressing is simple: size 8 to 14 hook, brown thread, a few barbs of brown hackle for the tail, copper wire, a few barbs of peacock herl for the body, and tying thread for the head.
Variations include jungle cock substitute cheeks, red head, hare's ear for the body and flash materials on the back. 
Fish as one of a team of three flies drawn slowly on a dry line with a long leader. A particularly effective method is to let the wind push the floating fly line around and look for a twitch in the line as indication that a fish has taken the fly.

</doc>
<doc id="9740398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740398" title="Marlborough Country Club">
Marlborough Country Club

Marlborough Country Club is a private country club open to the public on Mondays and Tuesdays located in Marlborough, Massachusetts, USA. The club formally opened on June 3, 1922. The feature event was a four-ball best-ball match in which Francis Ouimet and his partner Larry Paton defeated Ed Childs and Parker Schofield. Ouimet played a round in 78.
The current back nine at Marlborough was designed by Wayne E. Stiles in 1921. Other courses designed by Stiles include Woodland, Haverhill, Nashua, Laconia, Marshfield, Duxbury Yacht Club, Taconic Country Clubs, as well as the remodeled Wellesley, Oak Hill, Woods Hole, Thorny Lea, and Pittsfield Country Clubs. Three holes at Marlborough Country Club were selected to a list of "The Most Outstanding 18 Holes" in the region by professionals in the area in 1992. They selected the 12th, 14th, and 16th holes. Especially the 16th hole because it is the hardest hole on the back nine. The front nine was designed by the team of Geoffrey Cornish and William G. Robinson in 1968.
Marlborough Country Club was host of Senior PGA Tour Event The Marlborough Classic from 1981-1983. Bob Goalby won the event in 1981, with Arnold Palmer winning in 1982 and Don January winning in 1983. The event has since changed locations to the Nashawtuc Country Club in Concord, Massachusetts and is now called Bank of America Championship.
The current Marlborough Country Club champion (2013) is Jason Short of Marlborough, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="9740412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740412" title="Deer Creek Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Deer Creek Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Deer Creek Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,383 and it contained 573 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.89%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9740414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740414" title="Saint Monica Catholic High School">
Saint Monica Catholic High School

Saint Monica Catholic High School is a parochial, co-educational, secondary school in Santa Monica, California, consisting of students in grades 9-12. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
Background.
Saint Monica was established in 1899 by the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary.
The academy housed both an elementary school and a high school until 1930, when the elementary school became the "Saint Monica Parish Elementary School" and was transferred to its present site on Seventh Street. The school was sold in 1935, and Saint Monica High School was opened in 1939. The women's high school and the men's high schools were operated separately until the fall of 1968, when classroom instruction became co-ed.

</doc>
<doc id="9740425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740425" title="Disneyremixmania">
Disneyremixmania

Disneyremixmania is the first remix album in the "Disneymania" series. It features fourteen songs from the past three volumes remixed to create dance versions of Disney classics. Additionally, there is a fifteenth song, the "Disneyremixmania Mega Mix" contains three "Disneymania 3" songs mashed into a medley by DJ Skribble. The album peaked at #146 on the "Billboard" 200, making it the lowest charting album in the series until "Princess Disneymania" which peaked at #191 on the "Billboard" 200. Also, it was the first album in the series to not be certified Gold. It has sold about 50,000 copies in the US which is the second lowest for a "Disneymania" album, ahead of only "Princess Disneymania", which has sold only 9,000 copies in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="9740440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740440" title="MHV connector">
MHV connector

The MHV (miniature high voltage) connector is a type of RF connector used for terminating coaxial cable. 
The connector looks almost identical to a typical BNC connector, but is not designed to mate with BNC jacks. MHV connectors can be recognized by the slightly protruding insulation on the male plug and the slightly different insulation length in the female jack. Despite these design differences, MHV and BNC plugs and jacks can be made to mate by brute force. This causes safety hazards, since a user can accidentally (or deliberately) mate a low voltage cable to a high voltage jack, (although in a correctly made MHV connector the pin is further back in the insulator than on BNC so theoretically they should never be able to make contact when used with BNC)
The MHV connector is typically rated for 5000 volts DC and 3 amperes. It was commonly used in laboratory settings for voltages beyond the rating of BNC connectors and for Geiger counter and scintilation probes, which commonly employ 500 to 1000 volts or more. 
MHV connectors are presently considered by some as a "safety hazard" because of the possibility of high voltage on the exposed central pin when not plugged in, and because the ground connection is broken before the power connection when demating. SHV connectors are designed to prevent these hazards, and cannot be mated to BNC connectors.

</doc>
<doc id="9740447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740447" title="Val Walker">
Val Walker

Valentine Augustus Walker (15 Feb 1890 - 17 Mar 1969) (also known as Val A Walker and Val Enson) was an English magician, escape artist and illusion designer. He was born in Moseley, Birmingham to Joseph Walker, a landscape gardener, and his wife Emma. Val Walker worked as an electrical apparatus maker, later serving in the Royal Navy and was billed as the "Wizard of the Navy". Walker is credited as the designer of the "Radium Girl" illusion. His most famous escape was "The Tank in the Thames" where he was bolted in to a steel tank lowered in to the river Thames from the Sea-Scout Training Ship, Northampton on the 20th August 1920. He escaped in 20 seconds. He was married in 1913 to Ethel Dora Harris, the daughter of Thomas Daniel Harris and his wife Emma Ellson. He retired from the stage in 1924, returning briefly in 1939, under the name of 'Val Enson', with an illusion called "The Aquamarine Girl"

</doc>
<doc id="9740449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740449" title="Delavan Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Delavan Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Delavan Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,061 and it contained 902 housing units.
History.
Delavan Township is named for Edward C. Delavan, a temperance advocate from Albany, New York.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.93%) is land and (or 0.07%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9740454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740454" title="Washington Presbytery">
Washington Presbytery

Washington Presbytery, of the Presbyterian Church (USA) is the association of PCUSA churches in Washington and Greene counties in Pennsylvania. It contains 65 churches and has a membership of about 12,000.
It was formed from portions of the Presbytery of Ohio by the Synod of Pittsburgh on October 19, 1819. It is currently part of the Synod of the Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="9740461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740461" title="Kinga of Poland">
Kinga of Poland

Saint Kinga of Poland (also known as Cunegunda, Kunigunda, Kunegunda, Cunegundes, Kioga, Zinga; , ) (5 March 1224 – 24 July 1292) is a saint in the Catholic Church and patroness of Poland and Lithuania. 
She was born in Esztergom, Kingdom of Hungary, the daughter of King Béla IV of Hungary and Maria Laskarina. She was a niece of St. Elizabeth of Hungary and great-niece of Saint Hedwig. Kinga's sisters were Saint Margaret of Hungary and Jolenta of Poland. She reluctantly married Bolesław V ("the Chaste"). She became princess when her husband ascended the throne as Prince of Cracow. Despite the marriage, the devout couple took up a vow of chastity. The marriage was largely arranged by and the vow of chastity patterned after that of Boleslaw's sister Salome of Cracow. 
During her reign Kinga got involved in charitable works such as visiting the poor and helping the lepers. When her husband died in 1279, she sold all her material possessions and gave the money to the poor. She soon did not want any part in governing the kingdom which was left to her and decided to join the Poor Clares monastery at Sandec (Stary Sącz). She would spend the rest of her life in contemplative prayer and did not allow anyone to refer to her past role as Grand Duchess of Poland. She died on 24 July 1292, aged 68.
Veneration.
Pope Alexander VIII beatified Kinga in 1690. In 1695, she was made chief patroness of Poland and Lithuania. On 16 June 1999, she was canonized by Pope John Paul II. 

</doc>
<doc id="9740466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740466" title="Disneymania 5">
Disneymania 5

Disneymania 5 is the 5th installment in the "Disneymania" series. It was released on March 27, 2007. The album features 4 of the stars from "High School Musical": Vanessa Hudgens, Lucas Grabeel, Ashley Tisdale, Corbin Bleu and from , Drew Seeley among others. The album features other Disney-related stars as well. The album debuted on the "Billboard" 200 at 14 with a sales of 44,000 units, the highest debut for a "Disneymania" album to date. It has, since then, sold 293,000+ units.
Charts.
"Disneymania 5" is the highest charting album of the series, peaking at #14, one position above "Disneymania 4". However, it had the second lowest first week sales (behind "Disneyremixmania"). To date, "Disneymania 5" has sold a total amount of 190,104 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="9740467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740467" title="Door prize">
Door prize


</doc>
<doc id="9740485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740485" title="European Commissioner for Health and Consumer Policy">
European Commissioner for Health and Consumer Policy

The Commissioner for Health and Consumer Policy is the member of the European Commission. The current post of Commissioner is held by Tonio Borg (Malta). [http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20121024/local/barroso-warns-dalli.442446]. The portfolio is responsible for matters of public health, food safety, animal health, welfare and consumer affairs.
Kyprianou.
Markos Kyprianou was appointed to the Barroso Commission as European Commissioner for Health & Consumer Protection; however, with the accession of Bulgaria on 1 January 2007, the Consumer Protect portfolio was split off and given to Meglena Kuneva "(See: European Commissioner for Consumer Protection)". The post's Directorate-General is still merged with that office.
One policy is the promotion of warnings on tobacco packets, with the Commission moving towards pictorial warnings. Following several European Union member states enacting bans on smoking in public places Kyprianou proposed a plan for an EU-wide ban of that kind.
In May 2007, Kyprianou released a paper to tackle the shortage of organ donation in the Union. The plan included promotion, specially trained medical staff and an EU wide organ donor card. After Kyprianou was appointed Foreign Minister of Cyprus, he was replaced by Androulla Vasiliou on 3 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9740487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740487" title="Pilobolus (dance company)">
Pilobolus (dance company)

Pilobolus is an American modern dance company that began performing in October 1971. Pilobolus has performed over 100 choreographic works in more than 64 countries around the world, and has been featured on the 79th Annual Academy Awards, "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and "Late Night with Conan O'Brien".
History.
Pilobolus is named after a phototropic fungus that Jonathan Wolken's father was studying in a lab at the time of the company's inception. The fungus grows on cow dung and propels itself with extraordinary strength, speed and accuracy.
Pilobolus was founded by a group of Dartmouth College students in 1971. It has long been based in Washington Depot, Connecticut with offices in New York City and Belgium. The company tours domestically and internationally, performing works from its over 100-piece repertory as well as new pieces, created at a pace of about two per year.
Pilobolus Dance Theatre has three main branches: a touring company, Pilobolus, that creates new works through the International Collaborators Project; an educational programming arm that teaches the company's group-based creative process; and Pilobolus Creative Services, which offers movement services for film, advertising, publishing, commercial clients and corporate events.
The founding members were Robby Barnett, Alison Becker Chase, Martha Clarke, Lee Harris, Moses Pendleton, Michael Tracy, and Jonathan Wolken. Harris departed around 1975, leaving six members: four men and two women. This has remained the basic configuration of the troupe. In November 1977, Pilobolus made its Broadway debut in a limited engagement at the St. James Theater, to great acclaim. Arlene Croce, writing in the "New Yorker", praised the group as "six of the most extraordinary people now performing."
Martha Clarke left in 1978. Pendleton left in 1990 after having collaborated with Chase in 1980 to form the offshoot group Momix. The four remaining founders (Barnett, Chase, Tracy, and Wolken) continued as artistic directors, choreographing collectively and in various combinations in collaboration with new dancers brought into the company in subsequent years. Chase left in 2006 and has gone on to found her own company, Alison Chase Performance. Wolken died in 2010.
Pilobolus performances are characterized by a strong element of physical interaction between the bodies of the performers and exaggerations or contortions of the human form (or other anthropomorphic forms), requiring extreme strength, flexibility and athleticism. From early on, the company "made a specialty of playful topsy-turvy entanglements that defied anatomical logic" and which sometimes "gave rise to bizarre imagery." This approach broke new ground, and soon "even choreographers who did not consciously borrow from the group enjoyed new license in bringing bodies (especially men) into closer physical contact" than previously.
In 1999, Pilobolus collaborated with Maurice Sendak and Arthur Yorinks in the production of "A Selection", a work with the Holocaust as its theme, documented in the film "Last Dance". In 2004 the company was the subject of a feature profile on CBS' 60 Minutes.
In 2007 Pilobolus appeared as performers in the television broadcast of the 79th Academy Awards. Their act was done in silhouette behind a white translucent screen, where they formed various figures at intervals during the show: first, the Oscar statue itself; then logos (or scenes) from various films: "Happy Feet", "Little Miss Sunshine", "Snakes on a Plane", "The Devil Wears Prada", and "The Departed". At one point, they were introduced to the audience, wearing loose-fitting wraps. The act for "Snakes on a Plane" included host Ellen DeGeneres, who said afterwards, "They're naked!" Whether she was joking or serious was left to the imagination.
Following the company's appearance on the 79th Academy Awards, Pilobolus's signature shapes and shadow work were featured in 2008 on the 39th Season of Sesame Street, as well as on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and Oprah.
In October 2012, Pilobolus premiered UP: The Umbrella Project, the company's second collaboration with Daniela Rus and the MIT Distributed Robotics Laboratory, at the PopTech Conference in Camden, Maine. Untrained participants wielding umbrellas fabricated with multi-colored LED lights, created a performance piece together that was projected in real time on a large screen. This Pilobolus piece, like all of the modern performance company's work over the last 42 years, was borne out of its proven method of collective creativity.
International Collaborators Project.
In 2007, Pilobolus established the International Collaborators Project (ICP), in which the dance company teams up with visiting artists annually to expand its unique collective choreographic process. To celebrate this inaugural event, Pilobolus Artistic Director Robby Barnett invited star Israeli director and choreographer Inbal Pinto and her artistic collaborator, actor and designer Avshalom Pollak, that same year to join the company in its studios in Connecticut.
Other ICP collaborators include writer and illustrator, Maurice Sendak; the puppeteer, Basil Twist; Pulitzer Prize-winner, comic artist Art Spiegelman; the Grammy-winning American composer and musician Dan Zanes; singer/composer David Poe; SpongeBob SquarePants head writer Steven Banks; the Grammy-winning band OK Go; the MIT Distributed Robotics Laboratory directed by Professor Daniela Rus; the Japanese butoh choreographer Takuya Muramatsu of the troupe Dairakudakan; WNYC’s Radiolab with hosts Jad Abumrad and Robert Krulwich; the MacArthur “Genius” Award-winning juggler Michael Moschen; the Belgian-Moroccan choreographer Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui; award-winning director and choreographer, Trish Sie; master illusionists Penn & Teller; and Israeli authors and filmmakers Etgar Keret and Shira Geffen.
Educational Programming.
Pilobolus classes and workshops use the art of collaborative choreography as a model for creative thinking in general. Pilobolus educational projects include a series of workshops for Avon Corporation in partnership with Deloitte, classes at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and at Dartmouth College’s Tuck School of Business, and a program at the Babcock School at Wake Forest University. Every summer, the company offers several week-long adult workshops and runs a children's camp at its home in Washington Depot, CT. The company’s youth development program, Movin’, in partnership with the Shubert Theater in New Haven, offers fully funded, month-long choreographic programs for middle school boys and girls. Based on Movin’s success, Pilobolus has launched multiple programs for middle and high school students in New York City public schools.
After co-founder Jonathan Wolken died in 2010, Pilobolus established the Jonathan Wolken Education Fund to help spread the spirit of his teaching and methods.
Pilobolus Creative Services.
Pilobolus Creative Services provides movement design and production for commercial applications in business and advertising. PCS has made television spots for Mobil, Ford, Toyota, Opel, Hyundai, Multicentrum, BBVA, Bidvest, and Procter & Gamble – including an Emmy-Nominated piece for the NFL Network – and created live events for IBM, McKinsey, United Technologies, Dupont, Merck, and Google. PCS created and presented six acclaimed performances during the 79th Annual Academy Awards, and produced a series of original segments for the Oprah Winfrey Show and Late Night with Conan O’Brien. PCS produced two books for national distribution, Twisted Yoga and The Human Alphabet.
Calendar and Still Photography.
Beginning in 2000, Pilobolus published an annual wall calendar featuring original photography created to further explore and celebrate the company’s artistic sensibility. An introductory text to the 2008 calendar noted that the company had been “experimenting with still photography since the 1980s” to address the question “How can one select individual moments from a continuum and have them retain meaning?” The introduction also noted that the group’s “choreographic inquiry is driven by a fascination with images” that are, or become, “the fundamental units of our physical vocabulary.” Rather than attempting to document their live performances, the calendar photo shoots represented "a sort of annual gallery of our evolving understanding of the relationship between choreographic and photographic expression." 
Almost all of the calendars, which were produced for eleven consecutive years (from 2000-2010) and again in 2012, were photographed by John Kane, the company’s longtime friend and collaborator on photography projects. An exception was the 2009 Pilobolus calendar, created while the company was on tour in Israel in January 2008, in collaboration with the Israeli Consulate in New York. Photographer Robert Whitman captured Pilobolus in a variety of colorful Israeli landscapes, including the Dead Sea, Old Jaffa, markets in Jerusalem, hot springs, and the streets of Haifa.
Shadowland.
After its shadow theater performance on the 79th Annual Academy Awards, Pilobolus embarked on the creation of an evening-length movement-theater piece titled Shadowland. It was created in collaboration with Steven Banks, head writer for the hit Nickelodeon show “SpongeBob SquarePants,” and singer-songwriter David Poe, who wrote the score. To date, Shadowland has sold over 450,000 tickets world-wide.
Awards.
Pilobolus has received many awards, among them:

</doc>
<doc id="9740491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740491" title="Dillon Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Dillon Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Dillon Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,000 and it contained 382 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9740503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740503" title="Lemovices">
Lemovices

The Lemovices (Lemovici) were a Gaulish tribe of Central Europe who established themselves in Limousin and Poitou between 700 and 400 BC. Their capital was "Durotincum" (Villejoubert) and in the era of Roman occupation, it was "Augustoritum" (Limoges). The Lemovices gave their name to Limoges and the Limousin.
Other locations associated with them were "Acitodunum" (23-Ahun), "Argentate" (19-Argentat), "Blatomagus" (87-Blond), "Briva Curretia" (19-Brive-la-Gaillarde), "Cassinomagus" (16-Chassenon), "Carovicus" (87-Château-Chervix), "Roncomagus" (87-Rancon), "Excingidiacum" (19-Yssandon) et "Uxellum" (19-Ussel).
In 52 BC, some 10,000 Lemovician combatants fought against Julius Caesar at the Battle of Alesia. Their chief, Sedullos, was killed there.

</doc>
<doc id="9740521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740521" title="Lawrence Parsons, 2nd Earl of Rosse">
Lawrence Parsons, 2nd Earl of Rosse

Lawrence Parsons, 2nd Earl of Rosse (21 May 1758 - 24 February 1841), known as Sir Lawrence Parsons, Bt, from 1791 to 1807, was an Irish peer.
Parsons was the son of Sir William Parsons, 4th Baronet and Mary Clere. Between 1782 and 1790, he represented Dublin University in the Irish House of Commons. Parsons sat then as Member of Parliament (MP) for King's County from 1791 until the Act of Union in 1801. In the following co-option, he chose to sit for King's County also in the British House of Commons, a seat he held until 1807. The latter year he succeeded his uncle as second Earl of Rosse. In 1809 he became one of the Postmasters General of Ireland with Charles O'Neill, 1st Earl O'Neill with whom he attended the laying of the foundation-stone for the new General Post Office in Dublin on 12 August 1814 by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Charles Whitworth, 1st Earl Whitworth. He later sat in the House of Lords as an Irish Representative Peer from 1809 until 1841 and served as Custos Rotulorum of King's County from 1828 until his death.
Marriage and children.
He married Alice Lloyd, daughter of John Lloyd, on 1 May 1797. They had five children:
Jane Parsons married Arthur Edward Knox. They had two sons and three daughters.
One of the sons, Lawrence E. Knox founded the Irish Times.

</doc>
<doc id="9740556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740556" title="Sherman Jones">
Sherman Jones

Sherman Jarvis Jones (February 10, 1935 – February 21, 2007), nicknamed "Roadblock," was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who went on to a career in Kansas politics.
Born in Winton, North Carolina, Jones played from 1960 to 1962 for the San Francisco Giants, Cincinnati Reds, and New York Mets. He appeared in one game of the 1961 World Series for the Reds against the New York Yankees. Jones posted a career record of 2 wins and 6 losses, with 53 strikeouts and a 4.73 earned run average in 48 games. 
After leaving baseball, he served in the Kansas City Police Department for 22 years. Jones was later elected to the Kansas Legislature from Wyandotte County, serving in the House of Representatives from 1989 to 1992 and in the Senate until 2001. He died at age 72 at the University of Kansas Medical Center.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9740587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740587" title="Joint Advisory Commission, Korea">
Joint Advisory Commission, Korea

The Joint Advisory Commission, Korea (JACK) was a U.S. covert operations unit that participated in the Korean War. 
Operating under the direction of the Central Intelligence Agency, JACK was responsible for inserting and extracting U.S.-trained Korean agents into North Korea, conducting covert maritime raids along the North Korean coast, and providing escape and evasion support for downed Air Force pilots.

</doc>
<doc id="9740598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740598" title="Irina Shtork">
Irina Shtork

Irina Shtork (born 7 April 1993) is an Estonian ice dancer. With partner Taavi Rand, she is the 2013 International Cup of Nice bronze medalist, the 2013 Ukrainian Open silver medalist, and a four-time Estonian national champion. 
Career.
Early in her career, Shtork skated with Alexei Trokhlev and Roman Zakharov.
She began competing with Taavi Rand in the 2004–05 season. They debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit in 2006 and placed 22nd in their first appearance at Junior Worlds in 2007. The following season, the duo again finished 22nd at Junior Worlds. They parted ways at the end of the season.
Prior to the 2009–10 season, Shork and Rand decided to re-form their partnership. They competed on the junior level in the first half of the season. At the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, Rand's brother Kristjan Rand and his American partner Caitlin Mallory earned a spot for Estonia in the Olympic ice dancing event. Mallory/Rand ultimately decided not to use it because she would have to renounce her U.S. citizenship in order to receive Estonian citizenship (required only at the Olympics). Estonia gave the spot to its second ice dance team, Shtork/Rand. Making their senior international debut, they placed 23rd at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Shtork/Rand returned to the junior level for the first half of the 2010–11 season, placing 6th and 8th at their two JGP events. They also appeared at one senior event, the 2011 European Championships, finishing 21st. They ended their season at the 2011 World Junior Championships where they placed 10th.
In the 2011–12 season, Shtork/Rand continued to move between the junior and senior levels. They won the silver medal at a JGP event in Estonia. They then placed 14th at the 2012 European Championships, 11th at the 2012 World Junior Championships, and 22nd at the 2012 World Championships.
In 2012–13, Shtork/Rand won their first senior international medals—bronze at the 2013 Cup of Nice and silver at the Volvo Open Cup. They placed a career-best 11th at the 2013 European Championships before finishing 25th at the 2013 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9740605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740605" title="U4 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)">
U4 (Frankfurt U-Bahn)

The U4 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn. At the time of the line's inauguration in 1980, it ran from the central railway station to the Konstablerwache and then continued along the Berger Straße all the way up to Seckbacher Landstraße in Bornheim, making it the first line to run entirely underground over its total length. In 2001, the U4 was extended from the central railway station to Bockenheimer Warte, with an additional stop at the Frankfurt Trade Fair along the way. In 2008, some of the trains started continuing past Seckbacher Landstraße to Schäfflestraße and then overground to Enkheim together with the U7.

</doc>
<doc id="9740607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740607" title="European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro">
European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro

The Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro is the member of the European Commission responsible for economic and financial affairs. The current Commissioner is Jyrki Katainen (EPP).
Responsibilities.
The post is responsible for the European Union's economic, financial and monetary affairs, often combined with similar portfolios. This position is highly important due to the weight the European Union has economically worldwide (See: Economy of the European Union). It has grown particularly with the late 2000s recession and his now having to deal with getting the EU's public finances back into shape, as many members are breaking EU rules on budget deficits.
The DG responsible to the Commissioner is the Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs, headed by Marco Buti.
There are a number of other economic-related Commissioner positions in the College;
There have been suggestions from politicians such as Ségolène Royal that there should be an economic government for the eurozone, and at the start of the Barroso Commission Germany suggested an economic "super-commissioner" – which could see a change in this position. That idea however was dropped but the Enterprise and Industry Commissioner was strengthened in response.
In October 2011 the position gained added responsibility for the euro, particularly eurozone reform and bail outs, and was made a Vice President.
List of commissioners.
As Economic and Finance Commissioner; Robert Marjolin served in both Hallstein Commissions and Henning Christophersen served in all three Delors Commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="9740622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740622" title="Astral Drive Junior High School">
Astral Drive Junior High School

Astral Drive Junior High School is a junior high school in Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia. 
The school has students from Astral Drive Elementary, Caldwell Road School, and Colby Village Elementary.
The school offers English, and both early and late immersion classes. Late immersion are typically students from Caldwell, Colby or Astral Drive Elementary School that were taught English and have decided to take up French as a second language. Early Immersion is typically students from Astral Drive Elementary who have been in French since grade primary. It feeds into Auburn Drive High School.
Notable people.
Some notable people that attended Astral Drive Junior High are:

</doc>
<doc id="9740629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740629" title="Taavi Rand">
Taavi Rand

Taavi Rand (born 17 July 1992) is an Estonian ice dancer. With partner Irina Shtork, he is the 2013 International Cup of Nice bronze medalist, the 2013 Ukrainian Open silver medalist, and a four-time Estonian national champion.
Career.
Early in his career, Rand skated with Kristin Vaha.
He began competing with Irina Shtork in the 2004–05 season. They debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit in 2006 and placed 22nd in their first appearance at Junior Worlds in 2007. The following season, the duo again finished 22nd at Junior Worlds. They parted ways at the end of the season.
Prior to the 2009–10 season, Shork and Rand decided to re-form their partnership. They competed on the junior level in the first half of the season. At the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, Rand's brother Kristjan Rand and his American partner Caitlin Mallory earned a spot for Estonia in the Olympic ice dancing event. Mallory/Rand ultimately decided not to use it because she would have to renounce her U.S. citizenship in order to receive Estonian citizenship (required only at the Olympics). Estonia gave the spot to its second ice dance team, Shtork/Rand. Making their senior international debut, they placed 23rd at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Shtork/Rand returned to the junior level for the first half of the 2010–11 season, placing 6th and 8th at their two JGP events. They also appeared at one senior event, the 2011 European Championships, finishing 21st. They ended their season at the 2011 World Junior Championships where they placed 10th.
In the 2011–12 season, Shtork/Rand continued to move between the junior and senior levels. They won the silver medal at a JGP event in Estonia. They then placed 14th at the 2012 European Championships, 11th at the 2012 World Junior Championships, and 22nd at the 2012 World Championships.
In 2012–13, Shtork/Rand won their first senior international medals—bronze at the 2013 Cup of Nice and silver at the Volvo Open Cup. They placed a career-best 11th at the 2013 European Championships before finishing 25th at the 2013 World Championships.
Personal life.
Taavi Rand's elder brother, Kristjan, is a former ice dancer. Their mother, Lea Rand, is a skating coach in Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="9740633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740633" title="Automated trading system">
Automated trading system

An automated trading system (ATS) is a computer trading program that automatically submits trades to an exchange. Automated trading systems are often used with other forms of electronic trading, such as electronic communication network, "dark pools" and algorithmic trading. As of the year 2010 more than 70% of the stock shares traded on the NYSE and NASDAQ are generated from automated trading systems. They are designed to trade stocks, futures and forex based on a predefined set of rules which determine when to enter a trade, when to exit it and how much to invest in it.Trading strategies come in many different shapes and sizes, some preferring to pick market tops and bottoms, others coded to ride the daily trend, and everything in between. 
Trading system designers / programmers often test their automated trading systems on historical or current market data in order to determine whether the underlying algorithm guiding the system is profitable or not. Backtesting software are special trading platforms which enable trading system designer to develop and test their trading systems on historical market data while aiming to produce optimal historical results. While it is largely impossible to test how your gut feelings and intuitions about a market would have performed in the past, automated trading systems can easily be backtested using historical prices to see how the system would have performed (hypothetically) if it had been active in past market environments.
There's also what's referred to as Forward Testing. Given the limitations of backtesting, automated trading systems run in real time on live market data. This out of sample test can help confirm the effectiveness of the trading strategy on today’s market climate and expose any problems inherent in the code. 

</doc>
<doc id="9740654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740654" title="SHV connector">
SHV connector

The SHV (safe high voltage) connector is a type of RF connector used for terminating a coaxial cable. 
The connector uses a bayonet mount similar to those of the BNC and MHV connectors, but is easily distinguished due to its very thick and protruding insulator. This insulation geometry makes SHV connectors safer for handling high voltage than MHV connectors, by preventing accidental contact with the live conductor in an unmated connector or plug. The connector is also designed such that when it is being disconnected from a plug, the high voltage contact is broken before the ground contact, to prevent accidental shocks. The connector is also designed to prevent users from forcing a high voltage connector into a low voltage plug or vice versa, as can happen with MHV and BNC connectors.
SHV connectors are used in laboratory settings for voltages and currents beyond the capacity of BNC and MHV connectors. Standard SHV connectors are rated for 5000 volts DC and 5 amperes, although higher-voltage versions (to 20 kV) are also available. SHV connectors are not as common as the older MHV type.
A common usage of these connectors is for Geiger-Müller tube detectors. 

</doc>
<doc id="9740668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740668" title="Elm Grove Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Elm Grove Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Elm Grove Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,093 and it contained 1,253 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9740685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740685" title="Bay 101">
Bay 101

Bay 101 is a cardroom in San Jose, California. Like other California cardrooms, Bay 101 offers poker cash games and tournaments as well as special "California" style table games.
Bay 101 is perhaps best known for hosting the Bay 101 Shooting Star, a World Poker Tour tournament created by Bay 101 owner Marko Trapani in 1997. The Bay 101 Shooting Star is one of the few major bounty tournaments, and the only one of its type on the World Poker Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9740701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740701" title="View Island">
View Island

View Island is a small island near Caversham Lock, on the River Thames at Reading, Berkshire in England.
The island was a derelict boatyard when Reading Borough Council took it over in 1998 and restored it. It is a quiet, relaxing island with grassy paths and seating. It is set out as a small park containing several wooden chain-saw carved sculptures, although all but one having rotted away. It connects to Caversham via Heron Island, which has private riverside housing and is connected by road to Lower Caversham.
A body was found on View Island in February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9740702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740702" title="Conán mac Lia">
Conán mac Lia

Conán mac Lia is a figure in the Fenian Cycle of Irish mythology. A member of the warrior band the fianna, he is, in a way, less famous than the group's other Conán, Conán mac Morna.
Conán mac Lia is the son of Liath Luachra, a member of the warrior band the fianna and slain by Fionn mac Cumhaill. Conán eventually becomes lord of Luachra and a maurauder against the Fianna. One day he is defeated in Munster, and Fionn makes peace with him, after which he joins the band. He marries Finnine, the sister of Ferdoman, but mistreats her (in one version he kills her). Ferdoman duels Conán over the offense, and both men die in the fight.

</doc>
<doc id="9740710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740710" title="Exiles at the Well of Souls">
Exiles at the Well of Souls

Exiles at the Well of Souls is the second book in the Well of Souls series by American author Jack L. Chalker. Originally intended to be one book, the story was split into "Exiles" and "Quest for the Well of Souls" forming a duology.
Plot summary.
Scientist Gilgram Zinder has finally decoded the ancient Markovian physics that controls our universe. Corrupt politician and drug dealer Antor Trelig is aware of Zinder's work through the efforts of Zinder's assistant, Ben Yulin. Trelig takes Zinder's daughter hostage and forces Zinder and Yulin to build a computer that can control the Markovian forces, like the dead Markovian computers that have been found on some planets. Zinder and Yulin construct "Obie", a sentient supercomputer, building it in Markovian fashion directly into Trelig's resort planetoid, New Pompeii.
Mavra Chang, freighter pilot and agent, is hired to rescue Zinder and halt Trelig's plans of universal conquest. In the process Obie accidentally makes contact with the Well World, which results in the entire planetoid being automatically transported into orbit around the Well World. Mavra and Zinder are aboard a spacecraft when this occurs, and find themselves flying over a "non-tech" hex, the Well World disables all of the technology on the ship and it crashes in the Southern Hemisphere. A war erupts on the Well World as the races of the nearby hexes race to collect all of the scattered pieces of the ship in order to escape the planet.

</doc>
<doc id="9740721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740721" title="Anders Morgenthaler">
Anders Morgenthaler

Anders Morgenthaler (born December 5, 1972) is a Danish comics artist, children's book author, and film director.
Biography.
Morgenthaler is a graduate of Designskolen Kolding and the National Film School of Denmark. Having worked as a TV host on the Danish TV channel DR's children's show "KatjaKaj og BenteBent", and directed several music videos, he eventually directed the feature film "Princess" in 2006, earning him a "Nordisk Film Award".
Prior to this, comic strip "Wulffmorgenthaler" produced in collaboration with comedian Mikael Wulff, brought attention and success in 2001. A comic strip competition entry named "Kalzone", completed few hours before the entry deadline, submitted under the pseudonym "Pernille Richter Andersson", led to victory in the competition, and a one month run in the national newspaper "Politiken". The strip became a regular feature on DR's internet culture portal in 2002, and in October 2003 it became a daily newspaper strip in "Politiken". Due to the unusually uninhibited and adult nature of the strip, this led to disgruntled reader reactions and cancelled subscriptions for Politiken, but the strip remained. It later became syndicated to Swedish tabloid newspaper "Aftonbladet" in 2006. English versions of the strip also feature as a popular webcomic, and TV shows centered around the recurring character "Dolph", a blue fascist hippopotamus, has been produced in various incarnations on DR.

</doc>
<doc id="9740744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740744" title="Fondulac Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Fondulac Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Fondulac Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13,381 and it contained 6,099 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 82.71%) is land and (or 17.29%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9740754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740754" title="Matt Baker (footballer)">
Matt Baker (footballer)

Matthew Christopher J. Baker (born 18 December 1979 in Harrogate, England) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He stood as a Conservative council candidate in Leeds in 2010 but was not elected.
Football career.
Baker comes from Leeds, and played for four years with Leeds City Boys. He was originally on the books of Leeds United as a schoolboy. However he was signed as an apprentice at Hull City in 1996 and progressed through the youth ranks and turned professional in 1998. However he suffered an horrendous knee injury which sidelined him for a season, but he eventually made two substitute appearances for the first team. He also made a sub appearance in the League Cup against Liverpool at Anfield, after Lee Bracey was sent off. He was released, after a spell on loan at Bradford Park Avenue, in 2000.
He was snapped up by Hereford United of the Conference, where he was second choice goalkeeper to Scott Cooksey in the 2000–01 season, although he started two league matches conceding a goal in each. However a serious wrist injury forced Cooksey onto the sidelines, and eventually into retirement, meaning Baker started the 2001–02 season as first choice keeper where he impressed. He quickly established himself in the team and played all but five first team matches that season. Most notably he had an inspired Man-of-the-Match performance in the FA Cup against future club Wrexham, a match which was televised live by the BBC, as Hereford won 1–0.
The following season he gained experience training with Aston Villa, and was an ever-present in the first team where he repeated this consistency in the 2003–04 season when Hereford came close to promotion to the Football League, a season which turned out to be his last for Hereford. During this period he also made four appearances for his country by representing the England National Game XI.
In the summer of 2004 he signed for Wrexham. However he spent only six months at the Racecourse Ground before signing for MK Dons, for whom he quickly became a fans favourite, and helped them survive relegation in his first season, and went on to make over 60 first team appearances. Two years later he signed for Conference side Weymouth on a free transfer. However due to severe financial troubles, at the Terras, he never made a first team appearance.
On 2 March 2007 he was loaned to Rushden & Diamonds where he finished the season as number 1. On 20 July he joined Macclesfield Town on trial but despite again impressing was forced to retire from the game in August 2007 due to a reoccurrence of a knee injury. Shortly afterwards he became a presenter for Dons World, the Milton Keynes Dons' official web TV station, having started a degree in Sports Journalism & Broadcasting in 2006. He graduated with a degree from Staffordshire University in summer of 2008 and now works as a sports journalist for The Sun newspaper and BBC local radio stations.
Political career.
Matt is an active Conservative Party member and a local resident of Weetwood Ward, where he stood (and lost) to be a Leeds City Councillor in the 2010 local elections. He vigorous campaigning helped the Conservatives post their best election result since 1992 and he was also a crucial member of Conservative candidate Julia Mulligan's campaign team in the 2010 General election.

</doc>
<doc id="9740761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740761" title="History of North Omaha, Nebraska">
History of North Omaha, Nebraska

The history of North Omaha, Nebraska includes wildcat banks, ethnic enclaves, race riots and social change spanning over 200 years. With a recorded history that pre-dates the rest of the city, North Omaha has roots back to 1812 with the founding of Fort Lisa. It includes the Mormon settlement of Cutler's Park and Winter Quarters in 1846, a lynching before the turn-of-the-twentieth-century, the thriving 24th Street community of the 1920s, the bustling development of the African-American community through the 1950s, a series of riots in the 1960s, and redevelopment in the late 20th and early 21st century.
Pre-European contact.
Bands from the Pawnee, Otoe and Sioux nations were the first to occupy the area around Carter Lake. After a short period in the late 18th and early 19th centuries when they were the most powerful Indians on the Great Plains, the Omaha nation settled in the vicinity of present-day East Omaha. After a smallpox epidemic killed much of its population, and encroaching American settlement further reduced their historic way of life, the Omaha sold their lands and moved to their present reservation to the north in Thurston County, Nebraska in 1856.
Mid-19th century.
The first settlements in North Omaha were the 1812 Fort Lisa located near Hummel Park and the 1823 Cabanné's Trading Post along the Missouri River. Fort Lisa was built by famed fur trapper Manuel Lisa, a founder of the St. Louis, Missouri Fur Company (later known as the Missouri Fur Company). It was an important fur trading post for securing initial American investment in the Louisiana Territory. Cabanné's Trading Post belonged to John Jacob Astor's American Fur Company, which competed with many traders for the patronage of local Native American tribes. The American Fur Company later bought out Fontenelle's Post, originally founded by the Missouri Fur Company. Fontenelle's Post became the start of Bellevue, the first town in Nebraska.
Early towns.
Founded in August 1846, Cutler's Park was an early tent settlement for pioneers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints who were on their way from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City, Utah. Although the Mormons had permission from the US government to occupy land temporarily, Native American tribes argued about whether they should pay a fee or taxes. The Mormons had been putting up hay for the winter from the grasslands.
The disagreement between the Oto and Omaha over the Mormons' use of the land persuaded the pioneers to move that fall three miles (5 km) east to a bluff by the Missouri River where the Oto did not demand a tax. There they created a settlement called the Winter Quarters. Here the Mormons built shelters for the winter: 800 cabins and sod huts. The settlement included a store, bank and town square, and by the spring a gristmill, which became called Florence Mill. The town effectively ceased to exist in 1848, after the entire population had continued their trek west.
In 1854 James C. Mitchell bought the site and founded Florence, which was incorporated two years later. The town was an important stocking point for settlers heading west on the California Trail. The early town included banks, a post office, a large mill, several bars, and other important businesses. Today the Bank of Florence is recognized as the oldest building in Omaha. Brigham Young was believed to have helped build the Florence Mill. Annexed by Omaha in 1917, the community is at the far north end of North Omaha.
South of Florence was a town founded in 1856 for speculators from New York. The Town of Saratoga was located in the proximity of North 24th Street and Ames Avenue. Its economy relied on its connection to the Saratoga Bend on the Missouri River, less than one mile (1.6 km) away. At its peak the town had its own post office, a hotel and several businesses, including its own brewery, along with more than 60 homes. For a few years, it was regarded as being larger than either of its neighboring towns of Omaha City or Florence.
In between Saratoga and Florence was a wide, smooth plain. In the mid-1850s a large group of Irish immigrants built dugouts and sod houses in this area, which other settlers derisively labeled "Gophertown." Residents of Florence and Gophertown skirmished violently in 1856; however, no major change resulted. The Irish became well-established in Omaha, building economic and political power before the waves of European immigrants and black migrants arrived at the end of the 19th century. Many created an ethnic enclave in Sheelytown in South Omaha, near work at the stockyards and meatpacking plants.
Scriptown was an area of North Omaha bound by 16th street on the east, 24th on the west, and Lake Street to the north. It was originally platted in 1855 to provide land to Nebraska Territory legislators who voted for Nebraska statehood. Consequently, the area was developed quickly, and included a number of prominent homes. From its development following the Scriptown platting, North Omaha was the dominion of a mixed European immigrant community that mingled extensively with the African-American community that grew around the start of the 20th century. The Jewish community in the area was rich, with several synagogues the provided social and cultural activities. The B'nai Jacob Synagogue was located at North 25th and Nicholas Streets; the B'nai Israel Synagogue was at North 18th and Chicago Streets; and the Adass Yeshuren Synagogue was at North 25th and Seward Streets. There are several Jewish cemeteries in the area as well.
Other early communities in the area included Casey's Row, an early community of housing for African-American families, most of whose men were employed as porters at the Union Pacific railyards to the east. Squatter's Row was another residential area, located between North 11th and North 13th Streets, from Nicholas to Locust Streets, behind the Storz Brewery. For more than 75 years this area was inhabited solely by squatters.
Late 19th century.
The rest of the area comprising modern-day North Omaha developed in spurts. The Near North Side, closest to downtown, developed quickly in this period with many homes for working-class European immigrant and African American families.
Early businesses and housing were propelled by the introduction of a horse-driven street railroad in the 1870s, and electrical streetcar lines operated in North Omaha until 1955. Many early businesses in North Omaha were established by Jewish immigrants, who became part of the larger community of successful business people who built downtown Omaha.
In 1875 the Omaha Driving Park Association purchased a parcel of land located between Laird and Boyd Streets, and 16th to 20th Streets for horse racing, specifically, trotters. A fair association leased it, added some features, and held the Douglas County Fair and the Nebraska State Fair there for many years. The park fell into disuse by 1899; there is a report that this area was re-opened as Sunset Driving Park in 1904.
During this period early Omaha banker Herman Kountze owned a large parcel of land in North Omaha, which he platted as a subdivision called Kountze Place. On May 17, 1883, Buffalo Bill founded his famous Wild West, Rocky Mountain and Prairie Exhibition in that area, making its first appearance at the aforementioned Omaha Driving Park. More than 8,000 people attended the first exhibition at a location near 18th and Sprague Streets. Buffalo Bill's Wild West show later returned to North Omaha for the Trans-Mississippi Exposition in 1898. Held in conjunction with the Expo, the Indian Congress drew more than 500 American Indians representing 35 tribes to the area, as well.
Kountze Place developed after the Trans-Mississippi Exposition, with developments including large homes and several mansions built around the Expo's only remnant, Kountze Park. Lake Nakoma, now known as Carter Lake, was a hotbed of local sporting in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The lake and surrounding park featured sailing events, rowing clubs, Bungalow City, and the Omaha Gun Club. Miller Park was an early site for golfing and boating, and Kountze Park featured several outdoor activities, as well.
Also in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, many European Jewish immigrants became involved in the Progressive and socialist movements. Some later became labor organizers in the meatpacking industry, which after two efforts, finally organized in the late 1930s and early 40s.
Catholic parishes grew extensively with new Irish and German immigrant families. The importance of several arterial streets was confirmed in a prominent business journal in 1890, that noted, "North Sixteenth, Cuming and North Twenty-fourth streets on the north and northwest are... prominent business streets, radiating from the commercial center into the resident portions of the city." Activities in North Omaha, particularly the locating of the Nebraska State Fair at the Omaha Driving Park, led to the formation of the civic and business association Ak-Sar-Ben in 1895.
20th century.
North Omaha has suffered in severe Plains weather. In 1902 a major early spring storm demolished a lot of the neighborhood in the Monmouth Park neighborhood. The tornado-like activity destroyed the original Immanuel Hospital and closed North Omaha's Franklin School. The most significant weather-related event to hit Omaha was the Easter Sunday tornado of 1913 that destroyed many of the area's businesses and neighborhoods. It cut a path of destruction through the city that was seven miles (11 km) long and a quarter of a mile wide. In the city as a whole, 140 people died and 400 were injured. Twenty-three hundred people were homeless; with 800 houses destroyed and 2000 damaged.
Starting with the development of the Minne Lusa neighborhood, in the 1910s the area near Florence became home to an almost exclusively Danish immigrant community. With a variety of churches and social clubs, the neighborhood was the cultural center for many of North Omaha's working class and middle-class whites. The North Omaha Business Men's Association made numerous contributions to Omaha commerce, culture, and education. The group was responsible for developing a new athletic field at Omaha University in 1928.
Recruited for jobs by the meatpacking industry, African American migrants doubled their population in Omaha between 1910 and 1920, with a population among western cities second only to Los Angeles. By the late 19th century, the community already had three churches, which contributed much to its life. The African-American community culture in North Omaha developed a musical legacy of blues and jazz through the 1950s. In 1938 Mildred Brown and her husband founded the "Omaha Star" newspaper, since 1945 the only black paper in the state. Brown kept it going by herself for more than 40 years until her death in 1989. Since her death, her niece took it over.
In the 1930s and 40s, the black community together with white labor organizing partners worked against the segregated practices of the meatpacking plants. Through their organizing the interracial United Packinghouse Workers of America, part of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO), they began to win concessions from management. The UPWA was integrated and progressive, also supporting integration of public facilities in Omaha, and the larger Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s.
From the early 1930s through the 1950s, the Reed Ice Cream Company operated 63 small "ice cream bungalows" that distributed their ice cream across Omaha, including dozens in this neighborhood. One of the bungalows was located 620 N. 40th Street. Founded in 1929 by Claude Reed, the company plant was located at 3106 N 24th Street. The company sold ice cream in Omaha and Council Bluffs, with a volume of up to 22,000 cones a day. By 1955 there were a few commercial buildings along Ames Avenue and North 30th Street. Two businesses along North 30th Street included the Wax Paper Products Company and the Independent Biscuit Company.
Restructuring of the railroad and meatpacking industries resulted in massive job losses, more than 10,000, for working-class people in Omaha. Changes started to affect the neighborhood in the late 1960s. Families who remained became more poor and the area became predominately black. Demographics have continued to change, but the city's improving economy has allowed reinvestment in the community. Other businesses in North Omaha included the Vercruysse Dairy, located on the southwest corner of North 52nd Street and Ames Avenue, the Omaha Safe Deposit and Trust Company, and the J.F. Smith Brickyard located on North 30th Street.
Other historically significant businesses included the Storz Brewery, which was located at the corners of Sherman Avenue (also called 16th Street) and Clark Street and finished in 1894. The Storz Brewery was tall and had a capacity of 150,000 barrels a year, making it one of the largest breweries in the region. The entire facility occupied more than 15 buildings with red-tiled floors and walls, burnished stainless steel and copper fixtures. The Minne Lusa Theater was a one-screen neighborhood movie house that opened in the mid-1930s along North 30th Street that seated 400.
In the 1940s, North Omaha was the home to the African-American players of the Omaha Rockets independent baseball team. The team played exhibition games against Negro League teams from across the U.S. It had several important players.
In 1947 a total of 15,000 people worked in the meatpacking industry in Omaha.
By 1957, fully half the city's workforce worked in the meatpacking industry. In the 1950s, the United Packinghouse Workers used their economic and political strength to demand that Omaha's bars, restaurants, and other establishments halt segregationist restrictions. As the packing industry changed in the 1960s and moved operations closer to the meat producers, Omaha lost 10,000 jobs. This meant a loss of political power as well for African Americans and other working-class people. Although new meat packers have opened some new operations in Omaha, unionization has dropped sharply in the two decades after 1980, and African Americans have gained few of the new jobs.
Historical residences.
North Omaha's earliest homes were built in the Florence area soon after Winter Quarters were disassembled. Its first identification as a distinct bedroom suburb of Omaha occurred in the early 1870s, when professionals who worked in downtown Omaha built their homes a mile north of downtown Omaha. For many years it was home to several prominent Omaha families, businesses, and organizations, and in 1887 North Omaha was annexed to the city of Omaha. Early north Omaha residential developments were mostly occupied by European immigrants from Ireland and Eastern Europe, as evidenced by the construction of the churches where they worshiped, such as Holy Family Church on North 18th and Izard Streets.
West Central-Cathedral Landmark Heritage District developed around the Academy of the Sacred Heart, opened in 1882, and St. Cecilia Cathedral. This primarily residential district, the heart of which lies along both sides of North 38th Street, is the northern portion of what is known as the Gold Coast.
The area of far North Omaha from Ames Avenue north was not commonly acknowledged as an incorporated part of the city until after World War II, when a housing boom filled in many communities throughout the area
North Omaha was the site of several federal housing projects, first built in the 1930s as no-cost or low-cost housing for working-class families, often of Eastern European descent. Because of job losses and population changes in the city, by the late 1960s the projects in North Omaha were inhabited almost entirely by poor and low-income African Americans.
Because of problems with crime, maintenance and segregation, as well as changing ideas about housing, in the early 2000s, the city tore down these facilities, including the Logan Fontenelle Housing Projects. They replaced them with other public housing schemes featuring mixed-income and uses, with more community amenities.
Racism in housing.
After the 1919 Omaha Race Riot, landlords began enforcing race-restrictive covenants. Properties for rent and sale were restricted on the basis of race, with the primary intent of keeping North Omaha "black" and the rest of the city "white." Redlining by banks in decisions about loans supported such restrictions and limited reinvestment in North Omaha. The federal government's effort to insure mortgage lending led to racial discrimination in awards of loans. Such restrictions were ruled illegal in 1940.
Boyd and Taylor Streets and North 30th Street between Manderson and Bedford are reported to have developed in the 1920s. Harry Buford was a well-to-do member of North Omaha's African-American community with a large home built in 1929 at 1804 North 30th Street. According to one report, "The location of the family home on the west side of North 30th Street indicated the status of the Buford family in Omaha during a period of racial segregation." These types of differentiations according to socioeconomic and racial boundaries were prevalent throughout the North Omaha area, as in other communities across the country.
In an effort to improve working class housing in North Omaha during the Depression, in the 1930s the Federal government built the Logan-Fontenelle projects, which housed up to 2100 people in 556 apartments. The development was similar to a project of public housing on the South Side of Omaha. Every street was landscaped with trees. The project was named after a leader of the Omaha nation.
Originally the housing was intended to be temporary, for working people with families. It was a significant improvement over housing then available to them. With later losses of jobs in Omaha, more people who were unemployed lived in the projects. Logan Fontenelle became heavily segregated as well and suffered from a concentration of poor families with difficulties.
Racial tension.
Omaha's African-American residents were spread throughout the small city from its founding through the 1900s. In 1891 a white mob lynched an African-American man named George Smith. However, in the first few decades of the new century, increasing numbers of immigrants and migrants, and competition for jobs and housing, prompted eruptions of racial violence. Many African Americans had first been recruited by the meatpacking industry as strikebreakers, which raised resentment against them by working class ethnic immigrants and their descendants.
In 1919, after Red Summer, a time of racial riots in several major industrial cities, a mostly ethnic immigrant white mob from South Omaha terrorized the city's African-American population. They began by dragging Will Brown from his jail cell. He was beaten and lynched. After the mob was done with Brown's corpse, they attacked property and other African Americans in Omaha. Their efforts were thwarted, however, by the arrival of soldiers from Fort Omaha who created a boundary around African-American neighborhoods to protect them. The commander also stationed troops in South Omaha to prevent any more mobs from forming.
Riots, including arson and significant property damage, skirmishes with local police, and a bombing in the mid- to late-20th century were demonstrations of other racial tensions. The area continues to be somewhat racially charged, as it remains largely composed of poor African-American constituents, and violent crime is still higher than in other areas of the city. However, it has not experienced any major race incidents since 1993.
Historical architecture.
Early North Omaha buildings and homes were characterized by their modest purposes. An example of such simplicity is located in the four-square-style houses located at N 38th Street and Glenwood Avenue. Craftsman and Craftsman-style bungalows were also popular in more affluent areas. According to one report, "many neighborhoods generally consist of late nineteenth and early twentieth-century vernacular and period revival style houses, commercial, educational, and religious resources, and concentrations of post-World War II housing and public housing."
Due to its exceptionally diverse history, particularly in respect to the rest of Nebraska, North Omaha is home to numerous historical and modern landmarks, listed on the Registered Historic Places within its boundaries.
Historical government.
Historical transportation.
An early horse-drawn coach ran from Florence to Saratoga into Omaha from the 1860s through 1890s. Around that time horse-drawn trolleys replaced these coaches, which were then replaced with electrical street cars. North Omaha was the location of at least four street car lines that ran along 16th, 20th, 24th and 30th Streets, north and south from downtown Omaha.
There were several railroad tracks in North Omaha, including those along Sorenson Parkway and parallel to 24th Street. The Webster Street Depot was located at 15th and Webster Streets, and the Florence Depot was on North 30th Street in Florence.
From at least before 1926, Nebraska Highway 5 used to run down N. 20th Street, jogging east on Ohio Street, and then along 16th. By 1931 this was replaced by N. 30th Street, which was designated as US 73. In 1984 US 73 was replaced by US 75, which maintains its position along N. 30th Street today. Between 1978 and 1980 a new freeway was built from I-480 north to Lake St, called I-580. This status was revoked when the State of Nebraska refused to upgrade the roadway to Interstate specifications, and the roadway is currently called the North Omaha Freeway.
Historical military presence.
In 1878 Fort Omaha became the Headquarters for the Department of the Platte, covering territory that stretched from the Missouri River into Montana and from Canada to Texas. It was a supply fort, rather than a defense fort, that provided assistance for the American Indian Wars, World War I, and World War II. Fort Omaha is best known for its role in the 1879 landmark trial of Ponca chief Standing Bear. Originally known as Omaha Barracks, the frame buildings of the post surrounded and faced a rectangular parade ground. On the level ground on the east side were the post headquarters, guardhouse, bakery, storehouses and sutlers store. Ten single-story barracks were constructed to accommodate an equal number of companies, ten being the number of companies which then comprised a regiment. Five of the barracks were on the north end of the parade ground and the other five on the south end. The hospital was built northwest of the north barracks. Most of these buildings still stand at the intersections of 30th and Fort Streets.
The Fort Omaha Balloon School was the first such military school in America, and was located in North Omaha. After the United States entered the war on April 6, 1917, operations increased to the extent that a sub-post was needed to accommodate men and the maneuvering balloons. "Florence Field," about a mile north of the fort, consisting of , was acquired for this purpose.
The troops at Fort Omaha were responsible for restoring order to the city after the Omaha Race Riot of 1919.
Libraries.
In 1921 the city opened the North Branch Church Library at 25th and Ames. The location has been moved twice since, and the library has been renamed the Charles B. Washington Branch.
Political and Civil rights movements in North Omaha.
North Omaha ace of political activism, especially by the Jewish American and African-American communities. They worked together in labor organizing, succeeding with the Meatpacking Union in the 1930s and 1940s.
Starting in the 1920s the community was home to both national and local organizations seeking equal rights for African Americans, such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the Urban League. The De Porres Club met there starting in the late 1940s. During the 1960s popular locations in North Omaha for community activists to gather included the Fair Deal Cafe on 24th Street and Goodwin’s Spencer Street Barbershop at 3116 N. 24th Street, where young Ernie Chambers was a barber. The movement continues to be represented by Senator Chambers, and continues in the community today.
Notable figures from North Omaha.
North Omaha has been the birthplace and home of many figures of national and local import. They include Malcolm X; Whitney Young, an important civil rights leader; the storied Nebraska State Senator Ernie Chambers, and author Tillie Olsen.
Singer Wynonie Harris, saxophonist Preston Love and Buddy Miles all have called North Omaha home. Businesswoman Cathy Hughes is from North Omaha. The community has also had several sports stars, including baseball player Bob Gibson, football player Johnny Rodgers, actress Gabrielle Union, actor John Beasley, Houston Texans running back Ahman Green, and basketball player Bob Boozer.

</doc>
<doc id="9740762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740762" title="Thomas Pardoe">
Thomas Pardoe

Thomas Pardoe (3 July 1770 –1823) was a British enameler noted for flower painting.
He was born in Derby on 3 July 1770 and was apprenticed at the Derby (Nottingham Road) porcelain factory in the 1780s, later moving to Worcester. He painted creamware at Swansea between 1795 and 1809, coming under the influence of potter and botanist Lewis Weston Dillwyn. The following addresses are listed in the Bristol directories: Under the Bank (1809–11), 28 Bath Street (1812–16) and Thomas Street (1820–22).
In Bristol he was an independent decorator and gilder, painting china and pottery supplied in the white by John Rose of Coalport and possibly others. His Bristol pieces are the only ones he signed e.g., "Pardoe Bristol". I assume that only the signatures that include the word "fecit" are ones he decorated, other inscriptions simply indicating retailing. According to Pountney the enamel was fired at the Temple Pottery. He also worked on glass, as the directory listing for 1813 describe him as a "China and glass enameler and gilder, wholesale and retail". He also retailed pieces decorated at John Rose's factory, and probably from the rival Coalport factory operated by John's brother Thomas. Pardoe is particularly associated with botanical scenes.
He went to Nantgarw in 1821 and died in 1823. He is buried in Eglwysilan Churchyard, S.E. of Pontypridd in South Wales. His sketch book is now in the V&A Museum. In 1833 William Henry Pardoe, son of Thomas Pardoe, took over Nantgarw Pottery and began manufacturing stoneware bottles and brown glazed earthenware known as Rockingham pottery. He also began manufacturing clay tobacco pipes, many of which were exported to Ireland. The business continued under Pardoe's descendants, and at its peak produced around 10,000 pipes a week, until its closure in 1920, when cigarettes replaced such clay pipes.

</doc>
<doc id="9740767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740767" title="Zsolt Kosz">
Zsolt Kosz

Zsolt Kosz (born July 6, 1992 in Miercurea Ciuc, Romania) is a figure skater from Romania. He won two bronze medals at the Romanian Figure Skating Championships in 2007 & 2008 . He belongs to the Hungarian minority in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="9740786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740786" title="Obe District">
Obe District

Obe is a district in the northeast of Herat Province, Afghanistan. It borders on the north with Badghis Province, on the east with Chishti sharif District, on the southeast with Farsi District, on the south with Adraskan District, and on the west with Pashtun Zarghun and Karukh districts.
The population of the district was estimated at 64,300 in 2005. The district center is the town of Obe (Owbi). The Hari River flows through the district.

</doc>
<doc id="9740801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740801" title="List of highways numbered 194">
List of highways numbered 194

Route 194 or Highway 194 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9740804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740804" title="Lia">
Lia

Lia is a feminine given name. In Spanish the name is accented Lía. It may be a variant of Leah or a diminutive of various names including Cecilia, Amelia, Cornelia, Ophelia, Rosalia, Natalia or Aurelia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9740836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740836" title="Maciej Cieplucha">
Maciej Cieplucha

Maciej Cieplucha (Polish pronunciation: ; born 3 August 1988) is a Polish figure skater. He is the 2011 Finlandia Trophy bronze medalist, a two-time Warsaw Cup bronze medalist, and a three-time Polish national champion (2010, 2012, 2014). He has qualified three times for the free skate at the European Championships—in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
Career.
Cieplucha began competing on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series in 2003. He won the Polish national junior title in the 2004–05 season. In 2006–07, Cieplucha made his international senior debut at the 2006 Karl Schäfer Memorial and also appeared as a senior at the Polish Championships, but competed mostly on the junior level internationally until the end of the 2007–08 season. He competed twice at the World Junior Championships, finishing 20th in 2007 and 24th in 2008.
In the 2009–10 season, Cieplucha won the Polish national senior title for the first time and was given his European Championship debut. He missed qualifying for the free skate by one spot. He was also assigned to his first senior World Championships and finished 35th.
Cieplucha trained in Łódź, Poland with coaches Włodzimierz Brajczewski and Mirosława Brajczewska until July 2010 when he moved to Calgary, Alberta to be coached by Scott Davis and Jeff Langdon. Since then, he trains at the Calalta Figure Skating Club.
Cieplucha qualified for the free skate at the 2012 European Championships and again at the 2013 European Championships but was one spot away from reaching the free skate at both the 2013 World Championships and 2014 World Championships.
In the 2013–14 season, Cieplucha placed 11th at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy, an Olympic qualifier, and became the first alternate for the men's event at the 2014 Winter Olympics. At the 2014 European Championships in Budapest, he achieved a personal best short program score, 65.84 points, and qualified for the free skate.

</doc>
<doc id="9740873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740873" title="Groveland Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Groveland Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Groveland Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 19,526 and it contained 8,441 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.53%) is land and (or 0.47%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9740875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740875" title="High School Confidential (film)">
High School Confidential (film)

High School Confidential is a 1958 crime drama film directed by Jack Arnold, starring Mamie Van Doren, Russ Tamblyn, Jan Sterling, John Drew, Jackie Coogan, and Michael Landon.
The film also features a cameo by Jerry Lee Lewis who opens the movie singing a song of the same name, which Lewis co-wrote with Ron Hargrave. Lewis released the title track as a Sun Records 45 single which became a Top 40 hit, reaching #21 on the Billboard charts. The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson's book "The Official Razzie Movie Guide" as one of The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,290,000 in the US and Canada and $625,000 elsewhere, resulting in a profit of $578,000. However the follow up films Zugsmith made for the studio - "Girl Town", "The Beat Generation" and "Platinum High School" - all lost money.
In popular culture.
This film in sampled on White Zombie's album on four separate occasions. The "Do you want to start a rumble?" conversation, the "Drop it, buster!" line, the "tomorrow's a drag" poem, and the Columbus speech ("the only thing square about this world...").

</doc>
<doc id="9740879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740879" title="Ahun">
Ahun

Ahun is a commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France.
Geography.
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets situated in the valley of the Creuse River, some southeast of Guéret, at the junction of the D942, D13 and the D18.
It was the Roman site of "Acitodunum", an important town on the route between Limoges and Clermont-Ferrand.

</doc>
<doc id="9740913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740913" title="Shenendehowa United Methodist Church">
Shenendehowa United Methodist Church

Shenendehowa United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church located in Clifton Park, New York. Shenendehowa was formed from 4 smaller churches, Grooms, Crescent, West Crescent and Newtown in 1957. The church has roots back to 1788, when Grooms Methodist Episcopal Church was founded, though John Wesley had been sending preachers to Halfmoon, NY and Crescent, NY since 1784. The current pastor at Shenendehowa United Methodist Church is Pastor Alan Delamater.

</doc>
<doc id="9740919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740919" title="The Submarines">
The Submarines

The Submarines are an indie rock band from Los Angeles, California.
Band history.
Working as solo artists in Boston, the two members of the band, John Dragonetti and Blake Hazard, were introduced through a mutual friend, Joe Klompus. Dragonetti and Hazard formed a romantic and musical partnership, then took their show to Europe. The relationship lasted for four years, but ended in the fall of 2004 when the pair moved to L.A. After the break-up, both Hazard and Dragonetti continued writing songs, and because Hazard still recorded her music in Dragonetti's home studio, the pair quickly discovered the songs they had written were about each other and their sadness in having broken up. They decided to work on a few songs together and eventually got back together. The new songs were mastered for the couple as a wedding present, and those tracks eventually became their first album. Hazard has said of the relationship, "It’s hard, definitely hard. Luckily we are like-minded aesthetically and musically." "Declare a New State!", The Submarines' first album was released in 2006 on the Nettwerk label.
Blake Hazard.
Blake Hazard is from Burlington, VT. Her real name is Eleanor Blake Hazard, although she prefers her middle name and uses it as her first. She attended the Putney School in southern Vermont, south of her hometown. She is also a graduate of Harvard University and is the great-granddaughter of American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald,
Blake released a solo album of her own titled "Little Airplane" (2002) just two years previous to her breakup with John on California's election night in 2004. "Little Airplane" was recorded by John in his studio and was released on Boston-based independent record label Kimchee Records. The album can still be obtained on Kimchee's website or through The Submarines web store.
Blake is an avid runner and has run numerous marathons and races for many causes. These marathons have taken place in Boston, Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles. 
John Dragonetti.
John attended the American School of Dubai. Originally from Jackson, Michigan. His family moved to Dubai when he was young. Upon arriving in Boston, he briefly attended college at the Berklee School of Music.
To support himself, John worked as a bike messenger in the city of Boston and played in several Boston-area bands before going solo. Jack Drag was his moniker for music he recorded at his apartment home studio, which he called Space 67. Much of the recorded material was done on a 4-track cassette recorder. Several singles and a self-titled, full-length album, "The Red Record," or "cataloged as Pop Spelled Backwards" (as dubbed by his friends and bandmates) were released. The first single, "Velour," was released by Dave Gibbs (of the Gigolo Aunts), on his label called Sumerville Records. The second single was put out by John's record label, called Devil's Weed, Inc. A third single was released on Hepcat Records. As a result of these recordings, John was signed to A&M Records. When A&M was acquired by Universal Music, Jack Drag was dropped from the label and he continued recording independently in Space 67. Vowing to keep releasing his music, he rolled up his sleeves and released more albums with Shifty Disco, Scientific Records and Sugar Free Records. This eventually led to a project with his old friend Peter DuCharme (AKA: Master Cylinder) called the Junior Communist Club. Several tracks left over from the Jack Drag A&M sessions were used for the project, and a few staple commercials resulted from the release.
To this date, there have been no plans to release any new material by Jr. Communist Club. John has stated that "Although encouraged to, we never did put together a live show. I'm sure we'll collaborate again but whether it will be under the Jr.Commy moniker remains to be seen." As for his moniker Jack Drag, he states on the Jack Drag web site, "It's all about The Submarines now!"
The Band.
Jason Stare and Scott Barber are part of the touring band. (As an inside joke, John has said that when the Subs play live with some computer tracks, the band is called The Robots). The Submarines have toured the country and world, sometimes as a duo, and sometimes as a full band. Many shows in the beginning, for the band's first tour, consisted of just Blake and John. For the band's second release, Honeysuckle Weeks, Jason joined to play drums for their live shows. Jason has been the band's live set drummer since the release of Honeysuckle Weeks, and is featured in Apple' commercials for the iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS. He is an artist, a college graduate and is from Long Island, NY. On bringing him on tour, John has stated, "I saw him live and I liked his playing. But seriously, just look at him. He looks cool!"
For the first leg of the 2011 Love Notes/Letter Bombs tour, The Submarines brought on Scott Barber to play Bass for live performances. Jason and Scott also have a side project together.
Contributors.
Peter also sits in on a Beatles cover "For No One" done in John's home studio in Eaglerock, CA in a home shot video recorded by The Voice Project. The video is on Vimeo and Peter plays organ for the song.
John traveled to Austin, TX to work with Jim in his studio and contributed drum tracks for the Love Notes/Letter Bombs release. Jim's studio is called Public Hi-Fi and is based in Austin, TX. The studio has a rare Neve 8036 Console (marked as #A41) with Uptown Automated Faders, 22 1064 mic/lin input modules and 2 1081 mic/line input modules in the board. The studio runs on both analog and digital. Which runs a Pro Tools HD2 system and a Studer 827 2" 24 track analog tape machine in the facility.
826LA ‘Chickens In Love’ Compilation.
In 2010, The Submarines donated their time and efforts to teach children of the 826LA Organization the art of songwriting and how to creatively express themselves. 826LA held a workshop titled "Songwriting With The Submarines". The results of the workshop were released as a compilation. The compilation includes Los Angeles local bands (She and Him, Cold War Kids, Fiona Apple and Dum Dum Girls among others) covering songs written by children in the Submarines' workshop. To celebrate the workshop and the children who participated in the songwriting. 826LA held a Mini Festival on March 6, 2010 which featured performances by The Submarines, The Happy Hollows and The Growlers.

</doc>
<doc id="9740922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740922" title="Norman E. Snyder">
Norman E. Snyder

Norman E. Snyder is an American entrepreneur and philanthropist.
Education.
Graduated in 1983 from the University at Albany with a degree in Accounting. Norman was a Brother of the International Co-ed Business Fraternity of Delta Sigma Pi, Zeta Psi Chapter.
Work.
Snyder spent eight years at Price Waterhouse, a goliath international accounting and consulting firm. Two of those years were spent in the Caracas, Venezuela office.
He spent five years with the National Football League Properties Inc., here he served as controller for the National Football League's marketing department.
In 1995 Mr. Snyder cofounded SoBe energy drink and served as the chief operating officer.
Following SoBe he founded and lead a new consulting firm, Redyns. Redyns offered financial and operational advice to small and medium-sized companies. 
Currently he is the chief operating officer of Rheingold Brewing Company, based out of New York.
Philanthropy.
On October 17, 2005 Snyder committed $5 million to the University at Albany's School of Business to establish the "Norman E. Snyder Jr. '83 Endowment Fund". The fund will be used for general support of the business school's goal to become the leading public business school in the Northeast. The commitment represents the largest gift from an individual in the history of the University at Albany.

</doc>
<doc id="9740969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740969" title="Charles Lee Tilden">
Charles Lee Tilden

Charles Lee Tilden (July 17, 1857 – November 12, 1950) was an attorney and businessman in the San Francisco Bay Area who served on the first Board of Directors of the East Bay Regional Park District. One of the first three parks in the District was named for him: Tilden Regional Park.
Tilden was born in the Sierra foothills town of Chile Gulch, Calaveras County on July 17, 1857 to Harmon J. Tilden and Mary Jane Lee. His father was a judge. The Tildens moved to San Francisco in 1865.
Tilden graduated from Lowell High School in 1874 and from the University of California, Berkeley in 1878. He received his law degree from Hastings College of Law in 1881. While attending the University of California, he joined a campus unit which was eventually incorporated into the California National Guard. His affiliation with the National Guard continued through the Spanish American War in which he participated. He left the Guard with the rank of major and was often addressed as "Major Tilden" for the remainder of his life.
Tilden married Lilly Mitchell ("nee" Von Schmidt; October 12, 1859 – November 8, 1946) on June 9, 1892. The Tildens resided in Alameda. Tilden Way at the southeast end of Alameda is named for him.
The Tildens' son, Charles Lee Tilden, Jr. (June 4, 1894 – September 21, 1968) was a member of the United States Olympic rugby team in 1920 at Antwerp and 1924 at Paris, winning the gold medal in both Olympiads. Mrs. Tilden had two daughters from her previous marriage.
In the 1930s, Tilden led the effort to create a system of regional parks in the East Bay, and served as the first President of the East Bay Regional Park District Board of Directors. He was also a Mills College Trustee. Tilden died at age 93 on November 12, 1950 and was buried at the Mountain View Cemetery in Oakland.

</doc>
<doc id="9740981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9740981" title="Hittle Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Hittle Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Hittle Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 591 and it contained 254 housing units. Hittle Township was originally called Union Township. The name was changed from Union to Waterford Township on May 20, 1850, and again from Waterford to Armington Township in August, 1850. Armington was changed to Hittle though on November 11 of that same year.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741012" title="Dorothy Aldis">
Dorothy Aldis

Dorothy Aldis (March 13, 1896–July 4, 1966) was a children's author and poet.
Life.
Dorothy Keeley was born in Chicago, Illinois, March 13, 1896 to James Keeley, managing editor of the Chicago Tribune, and Gertrude (Small) Keeley. The youngest of four girls, Aldis was educated privately, and attended Miss Porter's School. The family spent summers on their farm near Wheaton, Illinois. When she was seventeen, Aldis attended Smith College for two years before returning to Chicago. Like her mother, who reported for the Sunday Tribune, Aldis began working for the paper, writing columns on decorating, pets, and personals. June 15, 1922 she married Graham Aldis. The couple lived in Chicago and had four children, Mary, Owen, and twins Peggy and Ruth. 
Her first publications were books of poetry for children. In 1929 she began writing children's fiction. Unable to find time to write at home with her growing family, Aldis often took her typewriter to a local parks and write. In this way she wrote seven novels and three books of poetry during the 1930s. Several of her best known poems were published in these early years, such as "Snow", "Little" and "Hiding".<poem>
I'm hiding, I'm hiding
And no one knows where;
For all they can see is my
Toes and my hair
And I just heard my father
Say to my mother -
"But, darling, he must be
Somewhere or other;
Have you looked in the inkwell?..."</poem>
She also wrote short stories and poetry for "Ladies Home Journal", "Harper's" and "The New Yorker", among others. Eventually Aldis published twenty-nine books, including a biography of Beatrix Potter called "Nothing is Impossible". According to Joyce Kinkead in "American Writers for Children", Aldis "was recognized as a major contributor to children's literature". After her death in 1966 "Elementary English" called her "The Poet Laureate of Young Children", and the Children's Reading Round Table Award of Chicago. 

</doc>
<doc id="9741015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741015" title="Chivalric sagas">
Chivalric sagas

The riddarasögur, sagas of knights or chivalric sagas are Norse sagas of the romance genre. Starting in the 13th century with translations of French chansons de geste the genre soon expanded to indigenous creations in a similar style. While the "riddarasögur" were widely read in Iceland for many centuries they are usually regarded as popular literature inferior in artistic quality to the Icelanders' sagas and other indigenous genres. Receiving little attention from scholars of Old Norse literature many remain untranslated.
Terminology.
The term "riddarasögur" (singular "riddarasaga") occurs in "Mágus saga jarls" where there is a reference to "Frásagnir...svo sem...Þiðreks saga, Flóvenz saga eðr aðrar riddarasögur", "narratives such as the saga of Þiðrekr, the saga of Flóvent, or other knights' sagas". Another technical term sometimes encountered is "lygisögur" (singular "lygisaga"), "lie sagas", applied to fictional chivalric and legendary sagas.
Translations.
The first known Old Norse translations of European romances occurred under the patronage of king Hákon Hákonarson of Norway. The earliest dated work is a 1226 translation by one Brother Robert of "Tristan" by Thomas of Britain. The Old Norse work, "Tristrams saga ok Ísöndar", is especially valuable since the original poem is only preserved in fragments. "Elis saga ok Rósamundu", a translation of "Elie de Saint Gille", is similarly attributed to an Abbot Robert, presumably the same man having been promoted within his order. King Hákon also commissioned "Möttuls saga", an adaptation of "Le mantel mautaillé", "Ívens saga", a reworking of Chrétien de Troyes's "Yvain" and "Strengleikar", a collection of ballads principally by Marie de France.
Works in similar style, which may also have been commissioned by King Hákon, are "Parcevals saga", "Valvens þáttr" and "Erex saga", all derived from the works of Chrétien de Troyes. "Karlamagnús saga" is a compilation of more disparate origin, dealing with Charlemagne and his twelve paladins and drawing on historiographical material as well as chansons de geste. Other works believed to derive from French originals are "Bevers saga", "Flóres saga ok Blankiflúr", "Flóvents saga" and "Partalopa saga".
Pseudo-historical works translated from Latin are "Alexanders saga" (a translation of "Alexandreis"), "Amícus saga ok Amilíus" (based on the "Speculum historiale"), "Breta sögur" (a translation of "Historia Regum Britanniae"), and "Trójumanna saga" (a translation of "De excidio Troiae"). Also pseudo-historical, "Þiðreks saga af Bern" is unusual in having been translated from German.
These Old Norse translations have been characterised by Margaret Clunies Ross thus:
Original compositions.
Inspired by translated Continental romances, Icelanders began enthusiastically composing their own romance-sagas, appaently around the later thirteenth century, with the genre flourishing from the fourteenth century. One seminal composition seems to be "Klári saga", whose the prologue of the saga states that it was a Latin metrical work which Jón Halldórsson Bishop of Skálholt found in France, but which is now thought to have been composed by Jón from scratch. Jón seems to have been one of the inspirations for the fourteenth-century North Icelandic Benedictine School which, while most clearly associated with religious writing, also seems to have involved romance-writing.
The following is a partial list of original Icelandic chivalric sagas which have been published.
External Links.
Riddarasögur: Texts, Translations, and Scholarship

</doc>
<doc id="9741020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741020" title="László Tisza">
László Tisza

László Tisza (July 7, 1907 – April 15, 2009) was Professor of Physics Emeritus at MIT. He was a colleague of famed physicists Edward Teller, Lev Landau and Fritz London, and initiated the two-fluid theory of liquid helium.
United States.
In 1941, Tisza immigrated to the United States and joined the faculty at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His research areas included theoretical physics and the history and philosophy of science, specifically on the foundation of thermodynamics and quantum mechanics. He taught at MIT until 1973.
Publications.
Tisza was the author of the 1966 book, "Generalized Thermodynamics". The 1982 publication, "Physics as Natural Philosophy: Essays in Honor of László Tisza", was written by Tisza's colleagues and former students in honor of his 75th birthday. 
Affiliations.
He was a Fellow of The American Physical Society and American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a John Simon Guggenheim Fellow and had been a visiting professor at the University of Paris in Sorbonne.

</doc>
<doc id="9741022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741022" title="Complicated Disaster">
Complicated Disaster

"Complicated Disaster" is a song that was recorded by Grammy Award winning Rock singer Tina Turner. It is a track from her 2004 greatest hits Compilation: "All The Best". Despite not being released as a physical single commercially but only as a digital download the song managed to become a #10 hit in France and #20 in Spain. "Complicated Disaster" was one of three new recordings from "All The Best", the other two being "Something Special" and the previously released single "Open Arms".

</doc>
<doc id="9741027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741027" title="Hopedale Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Hopedale Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Hopedale Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,913 and it contained 806 housing units. Hopedale Township changed its name from Highland Township on May 20, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741035" title="Pat Ryan (American football)">
Pat Ryan (American football)

Patrick Lee Ryan (born September 16, 1955) is a former professional American football quarterback. He played 14 seasons in the National Football League for the New York Jets and the Philadelphia Eagles. 
Biography.
Ryan was born in Hutchinson, Kansas and attended Putnam High School in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. He played college football at the University of Tennessee.
Ryan was drafted in the eleventh round of the 1978 NFL Draft by the New York Jets. He played professionally for thirteen seasons, twelve seasons with the New York Jets and one season with the Philadelphia Eagles. 
Life after the NFL.
Ryan was employed for several years as a color analyst on Tennessee Titans radio broadcasts. He is now a home builder in Knoxville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="9741073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741073" title="Little Mackinaw Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Little Mackinaw Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Little Mackinaw Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,575 and it contained 678 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741079" title="Alta High School (Iowa)">
Alta High School (Iowa)

Alta High School is the senior high school of the Alta Community School District. It is located in the city of Alta, Iowa in Buena Vista County, Iowa.
Education.
Alta High School has a 10:1 teacher to student ratio. Alta's graduation rate is 93.3% and 74% of the 2004-2005 ACT participating Seniors scoring 20 or higher on the ACT. Higher level college courses can be taken from Iowa Central Community College and at Buena Vista University. Alta has a National Honor Society program as well as a Junior Engineering Technical Society (JETS) program. There are many theatrical opportunities at Alta, including Speech, Fall Musical, and a Spring Play performed at the school-owned and operated theater.
School Activities.
Alta Speech Program.
Despite Alta High School's small size, the Speech program has flourished at Alta. Both Large Group and Individual Speech programs have been very successful. Alta High School participants have frequently been selected for the IHSSA All-State Speech festival for both Large Group and Individual in the past years.
Athletics.
Alta's athletic program today is highly successful. Alta's sport programs are: Football, Volleyball, Cross Country, Cheerleading/Danceline, Swimming, Basketball, Wrestling, Track & Field, Golf, Baseball, and Softball. Some of the accomplishment's include:
Football: 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009 State Playoff Qualifier
Cross Country: 2004 State Team Participant, 2005 and 2006 State Qualifiers, 2011 State Qualifiers (8th place)
Volleyball: 2006 NW Conference Champions
Basketball :State Runner-up 1971, 1972 State Champions, 1975 State Participants, 2006 State Participants, and more recently,in the 2006-2007 season Alta went undefeated in regular season play.
Track: 2006 & 2007 Conference Champions. Alta girl's track has had success with the 2004, 2005 400m and 2005 400m hurdles 1A State Champion.
Golf: 2005 NW Conference Champions
Music.
Alta has a historically strong music program with notable directors including Reginald Schive. The strengths have been jazz band, marching band, and numerous Division I ranked choirs and concert bands, although this information is outdated.

</doc>
<doc id="9741114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741114" title="NHL trade deadline">
NHL trade deadline

The National Hockey League (NHL) trade deadline is a date and time set by the NHL league office after which any player acquired by a team is ineligible to participate in the Stanley Cup playoffs. The deadline for the 2013–14 NHL season took place on March 5, 2014, at 3 pm EST.
The NHL trade deadline, and the weeks prior to it, usually brings a flurry of activity for many teams. Teams that are either making a final push to secure a playoff spot or hoping to go deep into the playoffs attempt to trade to acquire key veterans or proven scorers in order to solidify their rosters. Conversely, teams that are rebuilding with younger players will want to trade away their more expensive players in order to "dump" (reduce) salary and get draft picks/prospects in return. Also, players who are about to become unrestricted free agents and have indicated that they do not intend to return to their current teams may be traded away so that those teams will get something in return, instead of seeing such players sign with another team while their former teams receive nothing.
The NHL trade deadline also generates a great deal of talk among hockey fans and analysts, with much speculation and discussion about which players will get traded and where they will go. In Canada, the NHL trade deadline is treated with such significance that the two major sports networks TSN and Sportsnet devote much of the day to speculation and coverage of trades.
Though popular focus is on general managers and the deals they do and do not make, it is business as usual for the rest of the team, with regularly scheduled games and practices taking place.
2012–13 NHL season.
Here are some major transactions that took place on and leading up to the 2012–13 trade deadline (April 3, 2013).
For a complete list, see 2012–13 NHL transactions.
2011–12 NHL season.
The trade deadline was Monday February 27, 2012.
2010–11 NHL season.
The trade deadline was Monday February 28, 2011.
2009–10 NHL season.
The NHL trade deadline was on March 3, 2010.
2008–09 NHL season.
A list of trades that took place on the trade deadline, March 4, 2009, are as follows. For a complete list, see 2008–09 NHL transactions:
2007–08 NHL season.
Here are some major transactions that took place on the trade deadline of the 2007–08 season (February 26, 2008). For a complete list, see 2007–08 NHL transactions.
2006–07 NHL season.
Here are some major transactions that took place on the trade deadline of the 2006–07 season (February 27, 2007). For a complete list, see 2006–07 NHL transactions.
2005–06 NHL season.
Here are some major transactions that took place on the trade deadline of the 2005–06 season (March 9, 2006). For a complete list, see 2005–06 NHL transactions.
2003–04 NHL season.
Trade deadline: March 9, 2004.
2002–03 NHL season.
Here are some major transactions that took place on the trade deadline of the 2002–03 season (March 11, 2003). For a complete list, see 2002–03 NHL transactions.
2001–02 NHL season.
Trading deadline: March 19, 2002.
1999–2000 NHL season.
Trading deadline: March 14, 2000.
1982–83 NHL season.
March 7, 1983: Laurie Boschman traded from Edmonton to Winnipeg for Willy Lindstrom.
March 8, 1983: Ken Solheim traded from Minnesota to Detroit for future considerations.
1981–82 NHL season.
March 9, 1982: Guy Lapointe traded from Montreal to St. Louis for St. Louis' second-round choice in 1983 Entry Draft.
References.
[http://www.nhl.com/nhl/app?articleid=289416&page=NewsPage&service=page]

</doc>
<doc id="9741117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741117" title="George G. McMurtry">
George G. McMurtry

George Gibson McMurtry (November 6, 1876 – November 22, 1958) was an officer in United States Army who received the Medal of Honor as the executive officer of the Lost Battalion during World War I.
Biography.
Prior to World War I, McMurtry fought in Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders during the Spanish-American War and participated in the Battle of San Juan Hill. When the Rough Riders were disbanded, he returned to Harvard College, graduating in 1899. Like Charles Whittlesey, he was also a Wall Street lawyer. He would later make millions of dollars in the stock market after the war.
McMurtry is buried in Bar Harbor, Maine within Ledgelawn Cemetery.
In popular culture.
In the 2001 made for TV movie "The Lost Battalion", McMurtry was portrayed by Phil McKee.

</doc>
<doc id="9741122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741122" title="Quest for the Well of Souls">
Quest for the Well of Souls

Quest for the Well of Souls is the third book in the Well of Souls series by the American author Jack L. Chalker, and completes the Wars of the Well World duology begun with "Exiles at the Well of Souls". A foreword by Chalker indicates that Quest and Exiles were originally conceived as a single book, but due to the decision to split them, Quest was written to be readable as a standalone novel.
Plot introduction.
Mavra Chang has been trapped on the Well World for twenty two years, mutated into a grotesque mockery of her previous identity. The attempt to recover her ship has failed, and the second ship that crashed on the Well World came down in the inaccessible (and inhospitable) Northern Hemisphere. When a possible method of traveling to the Northern Hemisphere is discovered, it ignites a new race between Mavra and her allies on one side, and her enemies on the other. The winner will gain control of the orbiting supercomputer Obie, with the power to manipulate the very fabric of the universe.
Plot summary.
In "Exiles at the Well of Souls", Mavra Chang was captured by the Olborn, who use magical stones to convert beings into beasts of burden. The Olborn were interrupted partway through transforming Chang, leaving her partially transformed. Eleven years later, Chang remains an involuntary guest in the native hex of the human equivalents on the Well, Glathriel. After multiple attempts to escape, she has been reconditioned to accept her existence, and a maimed Glathrielite, Joshi, has undergone a similar partial transformation in Olborn to serve as a companion for Mavra.
Inspired by the Diviner and the Rel, the Northern being that crossed from the Northern to the Southern Hemisphere in "Midnight at the Well of Souls", several competing factions have discovered that the Northern beings inhabiting the hex of Yugash can "possess" a Southerner and allow him to pass into Yugash. In "Exiles at the Well of Souls", two ships were crash-landed on the Well World. The first landed in the South, and was destroyed at the end of the war in "Exiles." The second landed in the north, and now the factions that fought the war in "Exiles" are girding for a race to the second ship.
Several other players who participated in the drama in "Exiles" are also introduced. Antor Trelig was a politician as well as the head of the sponge syndicate, in control of a significant fraction of the council governing human space. He was transformed at the Well World into a Makiem, a giant frog-like creature. Renard was the librarian on Trelig's resort planetoid of New Pompeii, which was subsequently transformed into the home of Obie, the supercomputer capable of using Markovian physics to manipulate the universe. Renard was transformed into an Agitar, a blue-colored satyr who rides winged horses. Ben Yulin was the assistant to Dr. Gilgram Zinder, Obie's designer, as well as an agent for Trellig. Yulin was transformed into a Dasheen, a minotaur.
After a showdown between Mavra's party and Yulin's party, the remnants agree to a truce with Yulin and return in the ship to Obie. In addition to Mavra and Yulin, the other members of the party are Renard, a Yugash, a Bozog (another northern species, they moved the ship from the non-tech hex it landed in to their own high-tech hex), a Lata (a southern species resembling a pixie) named Vistaru (previously Vardia Diplo), and a Yaxa (a southern species resembling a giant butterfly) named Wooley (previously Wu Julee and Kally Tonge). Once they arrive, Ben Yulin attempts to take over Obie, but the computer assists Mavra and the others in destroying the circuit that forces Obie to obey Yulin. Obie returns to human space, and when a Council fleet arrives to destroy him, he fakes his own destruction and departs with Mavra to explore the rest of the universe as partners.

</doc>
<doc id="9741123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741123" title="Mackinaw Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Mackinaw Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Mackinaw Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,454 and it contained 1,675 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.48%) is land and (or 0.50%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741137" title="ACTH receptor">
ACTH receptor

The adrenocorticotropic hormone receptor or ACTH receptor also known as the melanocortin receptor 2 or MC2 receptor is a type of melanocortin receptor (type 2) which is specific for ACTH.
Structure.
Both human and bovine ACTH receptors are synthesized as 297 residue long proteins. There is 81% homology between human and bovine sequences. The full length sequence includes seven hydrophobic domains that are predicted as transmembrane segments. In the third intracellular loop of the receptor a protein kinase A and protein kinase c phosphorylation motifs have been detected. 
Tissue and subcellular localization.
ACTH receptor is found in the zona fasciculata of the human adrenal cortex. Binding of the receptor by ACTH stimulates the production of cortisol. (By contrast, aldosterone production from the zona glomerulosa is stimulated primarily by angiotensin II.)
Protein recognition at the receptor uses energy obtained from the dephosphorylation of ATP to cAMP by adenylate cyclase. ACTH receptors are located on the plasma membrane, and are G protein-coupled receptors.
The ACTH receptor uses cAMP as a secondary messenger.
Pathology.
Mutations in this receptor cause familial glucocorticoid deficiency type 1, in which patients have high levels of serum ACTH and low levels of cortisol.

</doc>
<doc id="9741181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741181" title="2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill">
2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill

The 2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill season involved 11 events at sites in North America and Europe between November 2004 and March 2005. Austria's Michael Walchhofer won the individual title, while his Austrian team took the team title.
Final point standings.
In Men's Downhill World Cup 2004/05 all results count.
Note:
In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
Men's Downhill Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9741185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741185" title="Tapa Gaccha">
Tapa Gaccha

The Tapa Gaccha is the largest monastic order of Svetambara Jainism. It was founded by Acharya Jagat Chandrasuri in Vikram Samvat 1285 (1229 CE). He was given the title of "Tapa" (i.e., the meditative one) by the ruler of Mewar. It was a branch of the Brihad Gaccha founded by Udyotan Suri.
Reforms.
In Samvat 1942 (1886 CE), Shri Vijayanand Suri Ji Maharaj (also popularly known as Shri Atma Ram Ji or Guru Atam) was bestowed with the title of Acharya at Palitana after a gap of 262 years. He was responsible for reviving the wandering orders among the Svetambara monks. As a result of this reform, most Svetambara Jain monks today belong to the Tapa Gaccha. He was followed by Acharya Vijay Vallabh Suri who spread the teachings of Lord Mahavira and carried forward the good work done by Shri Atmaramji especially on spread of education amongst Jains and relentless work on the Panchamrat of: Sewa (service), Sangathan (education), Shiksha (education), Sadharmik Utakarsh (upliftment of co-brethren) and Sahitya Prakashan (printing and spread of Jain Literature). After Acharya Vijay Vallabh Suri, Acharya Vijay Samudra Suri was appointed as his Patdhar who was then followed by Acharya Vijay Inderdin Suri. Currently, Acharya Vijay Ratnaker Suri is the patdhar of Atam Vallabh Pat parampra. 
Besides, there were other Acharyas who also were disciples of Guru Atam and amongst them, currently Shri Prem Suriji samuday has nearly 1000 Sadhu maharaj. Shri Ramchadra Suri ji M and Shri BhuvanBhanu Suriji M are prominent group among PremSuriji M. this group covers nearly 66% of total Tapagachchha.
Today near 60% of monks and nuns are disciples and followers of Atmaramji Maharaja who was during his lifetime, acknowledged as the highest authority on Jainism and mention to this effect is found in World Parliament of Religions in Britain as well.
68th Jain acharya of the Svetambara Tristutik order, Acharya Rajendrasuri, reformed and simplified the Jain yati/monk institution. He opposed worship of other gods and goddesses other than the Tirthankara.
Differences among subsects.
All the Tapa Gaccha sects and subsects are followers and disciples of Acharya Vijay Dev suri M.S. (1600–1657 AD) It is remarkable here that Acharya Vijay Dev suri was worshiped end number of time with Navangi puja which is still exists with Acharya Prem suri, and Acharya Shantichandra suri sects (Samudaya).
In all sub sects of Tapa Gaccha there are a few differences as below:
Acharya Vijay Dev suri (1600–1657) was above all this controversy and never chanting Santikaram after Chaumasi pratikraman, always worshiped by Navangi Puja by followers and plenty of examples in his disciples who has established pratishtha on palitana hills in so called chaturmas times.
In the Tapa Gaccha now there are total 8000 monks and nuns with nearly 24 different sects belongs to Tapa Gaccha. Tapa Gaccha is having different 24 branches in different groups or subsects. The biggest group is Achary Prem suri, where nearly 2200 monks and nuns are with highest number. One is followed by Acharya Ramchandra Suri (1350 monks and nuns), who established be Tithi principle. Another is Acharya shri BhuvanBhanu Suri ji (850 monks and nuns). Other big group is "Sagar Samuday" and "Acharya NemiSuri Samudaya" which are counted as big group in Tapa Gaccha. Acharya Ramchandra Suri and Acharya Bhuvanbhanu Suri aer both disciples of Acharya Nemi Suri. Mainly Prem Suri sect has more than 25% of Jain monks.
Acharya Ramchandra Suri group (first disciple of Acharya Premsuri) is biggest having more than 1401 monk &nuns Acharya Shri Hembhushan Suri was Head (Gaccha Nayak) of this Jain monk's group who died last year and Shri Punyapal Suri is new gacchadhipati.
Acharya Shri Bhuvan Bhanu suri group (another prominent disciple of Acharya Premsuri ji) is also another group in Tapaa Gachchha having 972 monk and nuns. Currently Acharya Jayghosh Suri ji is Head (Gaccha Nayak) in this group. It is important that Jaygosh suri ji has highest number of monks in any singal samudaya that is 461 monks.
Sect of Tapa Gachchha.
As a one largest part of tapa gachchha, one should understand what is gachchha system prevail in Jainism.
There are mainly five gachchha as follows:
Tapa has almost twenty-one different samudays and two schools of thought. One is called "ek tithi" and second is "be tithi". In "ek tithi" there are almost seventeen different samuday or groups and in "be tithi" there are nearly three samudays. In numbers if you count, it is 94% is only tapa gachchha and 5% is other four gachchha. Acharya shri Ramchandrasuri ji samudays in "be tithi" and Acharya Bhuvan bhanu suriji samuday in "ek tithi" is almost 45% of total sadhu numbers and 25% of total sadhu sadhvi numbers. About 75% of the initiations happens in this two groups which are most prominent and fast developing "samuday" among all. There are nearly 203 acharya and out of those number at least 60 acharya belongs to these two samudays.

</doc>
<doc id="9741188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741188" title="Malone Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Malone Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Malone Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 220 and it contained 95 housing units. Malone Township formed from Delavan Township in November, 1854.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9741215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741215" title="Brett Garsed">
Brett Garsed

Brett Edward Garsed (born April 20, 1963) is an Australian musician, best known for his work as a guitarist with John Farnham and T. J. Helmerich, as well as being a former member of the American band Nelson. Garsed was featured on Derek Sherinian's solo records "Planet X" (1999) and Planet X's "Quantum" (2007), and more recently Sherinian's "Molecular Heinosity" (2010).
Career.
Early life.
Garsed was born in rural Victoria, Australia and began playing guitar at age 12 after hearing Deep Purple's Ritchie Blackmore play "Speed King". After about a month of initial lessons, he continued to teach himself and formed a band composed of his two cousins and a mutual friend and began playing live.
1980s and 1990s.
In July 1985, Brett was featured in "Guitar Player" magazine’s “Spotlight” column, which was devoted to exposing new talent to the rest of the world. This encouraged Brett to give up his job as a licensed plumber and pursue a career as a professional musician, prompting him to send demo tapes to as many record companies and management companies as he could find. “I wasn’t looking for a record deal. I just wanted to get into a good band.” One of the tapes was heard by Ross Fraser of the Wheatley Organization, which led to an audition for a short tour by Australian superstar John Farnham. Farnham, at this time still a member of the Little River Band, was planning a solo album and invited him to be a part of the project. The resulting album, "Whispering Jack", went on to become the biggest selling album in Australian history, followed by sellout tours of Australia and Europe.
Garsed continued to tour and record with Farnham until early 1989, when he was invited to the US to audition for Nelson, a band led by Gunnar and Matthew, sons of the late Ricky Nelson. The audition was a success and the resulting album, "After the Rain", went on to sell in excess of three million copies and yielded a national No. 1 ('Love and Affection') as well as two Top Ten follow-up singles. In early 1990 Brett also recorded "Centrifugal Funk" for Mike Varney's label Legato Records, an intense guitar album featuring Frank Gambale and Shawn Lane.
For most of 1991 Garsed toured the US with Nelson, and spent ‘92 recording Quid Pro Quo with Chicago-born guitarist T J Helmerich after the duo decided to sign to Varney’s label. With Nelson on a seemingly permanent hiatus, Brett and TJ pursued their career promoting Quid Pro Quo, which featured Bobby Rock on drums, Gary Willis on bass and Paul Mirkovich on keys. Greeted with critical acclaim worldwide, the pair recorded the follow-up album "Exempt" in 1993. In 1996 Bobby Rock released "Out Of Body", a progressive rock album featuring Brett on guitar.
In 1994 Garsed also filmed an instructional video for REH/Warner titled "Rock Fusion" which covers, in detail, his unique approach to guitar improvisation.
Garsed’s most recent recording projects include the Uncle Moe’s Space Ranch album featuring TJ Helmerich, Gary Willis, Dennis Chambers and Scott Kinsey, the Tapestry album which was released under the band name Mojo and features Ric Fierabracci on bass and Kofi Baker, son of Ginger Baker on drums, and more recently his debut solo album "Big Sky" with Fierabracci returning for bass and production duties and Toss Panos behind the drums.
2000s.
Brett returned to Australia after 14 years in Los Angeles and completed the seven-month-long “Last Time” tour with John Farnham. His first solo album, "Big Sky", was released in 2002. After nearly a decade, he followed this up with "Dark Matter" in 2011. In 2004, "Rock Guitar Improvisation", his second instructional DVD was released covering many aspects of his technique. This DVD also included some live footage.
In 2011, Brett is currently taking part in the John Farnham "Whispering Jack - 25th Anniversary" tour around Australia, revisiting the parts he created on Australia's highest selling locally made album. Garsed also released his solo album Dark Matter in 2011.
Influences and style.
Garsed is mainly an improviser guitarist, renowned for his legato and hybrid picking technique, a combination that provides him with an extremely fluid sound to his playing. He has also mastered a distinctive slide guitar sound, specially noticeable in his latest releases.
Rather than relying on scale patterns and figures, he's stated to play with a relative pitch approach, that allows him to play the melodies in his mind. A fundamental component of his music is the use of wide intervals and chromatic passing tones.
His early influences were Ritchie Blackmore, Jeff Beck, Jimmy Page, David Gilmour and Jimi Hendrix. This later expanded to more diverse styles such as Leo Kottke, Allan Holdsworth, Rory Gallagher, Scott Henderson, and Edward Van Halen.

</doc>
<doc id="9741216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741216" title="Barbara Rose">
Barbara Rose

Barbara Rose (born 1938) is an American art historian and art critic. She was educated at Smith College, Barnard College and Columbia University. She was married to artist Frank Stella between 1961 and 1969. In 1965 she published ABC Art in which she described the characteristics of minimal art.
ABC Art.
In her essay, "ABC Art", Rose considers the diverse roots of minimalism in the work of Kasimir Malevich and Marcel Duchamp as well as the choreography of Merce Cunningham, the art criticism of Greenberg, the philosophy of Wittgenstein and the novels of Robbe-Grillet. In examining the historical roots of minimal art in 1960s America, Rose draws a distinction between Malevich's "search for the transcendental, universal, absolute" and Duchamp's "blanket denial of the existence of absolute values."
Rose grouped some 1960s artists as closer to Malevich, some as closer to Duchamp, and some as between the two. Closer to Malevich are Walter Darby Bannard, Larry Zox, Robert Huot, Lyman Kipp, Richard Tuttle, Jan Evans, Ronald Bladen, Anne Truitt. Closer to Duchamp are Richard Artschwager and Andy Warhol. Between Malevich and Duchamp she places Robert Morris, Donald Judd, Carl Andre, and Dan Flavin. Her conclusion is that minimal art is both transcendental and negative:
"The art I have been talking about is obviously a negative art of denial and renunciation. Such protracted asceticism is normally the activity of contemplatives or mystics...Like the mystic, in their work these artists deny the ego and the individual personality, seeking to evoke, it would seem, the semihypnotic state of blank unconsciousness."
She also contrasts minimal art with Pop Art:
"...if Pop Art is the reflection of our environment, perhaps the art I have been describing is its antidote, even if it is a hard one to swallow."

</doc>
<doc id="9741218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741218" title="Operation WASHTUB">
Operation WASHTUB

Operation WASHTUB was a CIA-organized covert operation to plant a phony Soviet arms cache in Nicaragua to demonstrate Guatemalan ties to Moscow. It was part of the effort to overthrow the President of Guatemala, Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán in 1954.
On February 19, 1954, the CIA planted a cache of Soviet-made arms on the Nicaraguan coast to be "discovered" weeks later by fishermen in the pay of Nicaraguan president Anastasio Somoza García. On May 7, 1954, President Somoza told reporters at a press conference that a Soviet submarine had been photographed, but that no prints or negatives were available. The story also involved Guatemalan assassination squads. The press and the public were skeptical and the story did not get much press.

</doc>
<doc id="9741226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741226" title="George Newman (cricketer)">
George Newman (cricketer)

George Christopher Newman (26 April 1904 - 13 October 1982) was an English cricketer and all-round sportsman.
Newman was born in Paddington. He was educated at Eton and Oxford. He was awarded Blues at university in cricket and squash. 
He represented MCC, Middlesex and Oxford University, as a right-handed middle order batsman and as a right-arm medium pace bowler in 73 first-class matches between 1926 and 1936. He scored 2,742 runs at an average of 25.86, with three centuries and took 27 catches. He toured Canada with MCC.
A noted athlete, he represented Oxford in the high jump, the relay race, hurdles and squash. He was President of Middlesex CCC (1963–1976) and the first President of the Seaxe Club (1968-1978). He died in Braintree, Essex, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="9741230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741230" title="Morton Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Morton Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Morton Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois, at T25N R3W. It is traversed by Interstate Routes 74 and 155, about 15 km (10 mi) southeast of Peoria, Illinois.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 17,036 and it contained 7,246 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.83%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741258" title="Aldborough Hatch">
Aldborough Hatch

Aldborough Hatch is a area of London, England, located in the London Borough of Redbridge. It is situated north-east of Charing Cross, it is part of the Ilford post town and is situated at OS grid reference TQ455895. The earliest recorded use of the name is "Aldborough Hacche" (c. 1490).

</doc>
<doc id="9741260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741260" title="Events at the 2007 Canada Games">
Events at the 2007 Canada Games

This is a list of events and medallists at the 2007 Canada Games. 

</doc>
<doc id="9741264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741264" title="Pekin Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Pekin Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Pekin Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 29,807 and it contained 13,321 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 89.80%) is land and (or 10.20%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741271" title="Allan Royal">
Allan Royal

Allan Royal (born 1944) is an actor who is also credited as Allan G. Royal and Alan Royal. He is known for his recurring role on "Falcon Crest" as R.D. Young and for his portrayal of John Sculley in "Pirates of Silicon Valley".
Allan also portrays Captain Braxton in episodes "Future's End, Parts I and II" on '. Outside "Star Trek", Royal played several roles in other television series, among which Amerika, "Foreign Affairs", Forever Knight, "Night Heat", "Mutant X", "Relic Hunter", "The Practice", "JAG". "The Border", ', "Murdoch Mysteries" and "They Came from Outer Space.

</doc>
<doc id="9741283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741283" title="Marmion Academy">
Marmion Academy

Marmion Academy, formerly Marmion Military Academy, is a Roman Catholic high school for young men located in Aurora, Illinois. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockford.
The academy is run by the Benedictine monks of Marmion Abbey, located on campus. The academy has a United States Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) program that has been a part of the academy since its early years, but was not a part of the school in the inaugural year of 1933–34.
The school is a part of the Suburban Christian Conference.
History.
Marmion Academy was created in 1933 when the monks of St. Meinrad Abbey combined Jasper Academy (Jasper, Indiana) with the Fox Valley Catholic High School, which the Augustinians had just returned to the diocese of Rockford. During the Great Depression era it was difficult for students to pay their tuition, so the monks, in 1935, associated with the JROTC program and changed its name to Marmion Military Academy. In order to provide more options for its student body and a return to the original spirit of the school, the monks of Marmion Abbey decided to make JROTC an optional program and to reinstitue the original name of the school, Marmion Academy. 
At one point, there were two campuses: one for residential students and one for day students. The two merged back into the Butterfield Road campus, which had been the residential campus. In early 2002, the school decided to close its residential program and started to expand its student body.
In 2010 the Marmion Cadets placed 2nd in state in the 6A state championship for football and 3rd in the cross country class 2A state championships.
Academics.
Graduation Requirements:
Marmion requires that each graduate complete 4 credits each in English and Theology; 3 credits in Mathematics; 3 elective credits; 2 credits each in a Foreign Language (4 credits recommended), Science, Social Studies, and either Military Science (JROTC) or Leadership Education and Development (LEAD); and 1 credit each in Health/Physical Education; and ½ credit in Music and Art. Marmion students are required to perform at least 15 hours of community service each academic year.
At least 23¼ credits are required for graduation.
Leadership Programs.
In 1994, the academy introduced an alternative to JROTC, Leadership and Service or L&S. The Leadership and Service program later became the "Leadership Education and Development", or "LEAD", program.

</doc>
<doc id="9741284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741284" title="Reveille Park">
Reveille Park

Reveille Park is the eighth album by South Park Mexican. It was released on Dope House Records in 2002 shortly after SPM was incarcerated for child molestation and statutory rape. Most of the tracks on this album are freestyle rapping. There was a "Chopped & Screwed" version of the album released on August 26, 2002. Coy stated that the entire album was recorded in two days. It was recorded at his house by his long-time friend and record producer Filero, who also added to the production of the album. It was mixed and mastered by James Hoover at Digital Services in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9741285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741285" title="Cal Madow">
Cal Madow

Cal Madow (also Al Madow, Al Medu, Calmadow or Al Mado) (, ) is a mountain range in northeastern Somalia, extending from several kilometers west of Bosaso to northwest of Erigavo. Its peak sits at almost 2500 m in Shimbiris, northwest of Erigavo. Cal Madow was a tourist destination in the late 1980s. The local population of the Sanaag region is primarily responsible for preserving the habitat, which continues to face the risk of deforestation.
Ecology.
The dense mountain forest sits at an altitude of between 700–800 m above sea level, and has a mean annual rainfall of 750–850 mm. In addition to rainfall, Cal Madow receives additional precipitation in the form of fog and winter rains, which sustain isolated forests of juniperus, buxus etc. Mist also appears to be important in the distribution of juniperus ("dayib"), one of the species locals use for timber. For timber production, the buxus ("dhoqos"), buxus and celtis ("boodaar") poles are cut from living trees in the evergreen forest. The discovery of the locust bean ("ceratonia"), lavenders and many other plant species has emphasized the many links the Cal Madow highlands have with the Mediterranean region. The Lamadaya waterfalls is one of the best scenery in Cal Madow.
Despite the current changes in land use, Cal Madow has internationally valuable unexploited mineral deposits and unique natural habitats. It is considered a key area for oil exploration, and has a petroleum system identical to and formerly contiguous with those within the Republic of Yemen. Florally, Cal Madow has approximately 1,000 plant species, 200 of which are only found this mountain range.
Cal Madow and adjacent areas also have richer fauna than many other parts of Somalia, and harbor some of the rarest and most localized of Somalia's endemic animal species. Here, linnets ("Warsanghelia johannis"), pigeons ("acanthus olivae") and golden-winged grosbeaks can be observed, as can antelopes such as the beira ("dorcatragus megalotis"), and different sub-species of gazelle.
Environmental protection.
Cal Madow's environment has suffered greatly in recent years along with its ecology, much of which is unique to it. Only a fraction of the flora remains, and its distribution remains sparse and unprotected. Although local knowledge of natural resources endemic to the area is great, agricultural and social projects as well as United Nations and foreign-aided development schemes usually fail to consider or make use of this insight.
Detailed conservation studies of the Cal Madow mountain range are needed to ascertain the present status of these areas, and to provide guidelines for and highlight the benefits of sustainable agricultural practices in the face of scarce forest resources. With a lack of proper utilization and conservation, the local plant life is threatened and therefore so is the livestock which depends on it. The numerous under-exploited plants indigenous to Cal Madow ensure that a proper study and assessment would yield benefits both to the region's human inhabitants and medical science in general.
The flora of Somalia, much of which constitutes unique genetic resources, contains more than 3000 species of vascular plants, and is thus much richer than that of the Sahel region in general. Of the 156 plant families observed in Somalia, about 21% are restricted to the northern part of the country, while 11% are found in the south. Somalia houses a greater number of endemic plant species, many of which grow in the northern and eastern regions, notably in Cal Madow. Most of these species are herbs not found anywhere else in the world.
Botanical survey.
In January 1995, a team of botanists led by Dr. Mats Thulin of Uppsala University in Sweden visited the Cal Madow range on behalf of the Flora Somalia Project based in Uppsala. The study they conducted constituted the most extensive botanical survey ever done in the area, with about eight new species of plant discovered in the process.
Furthermore, the area houses an important germplasm, which requires protection from overexploitation and destruction by humans. On the basis of the recent botanical survey in Cal Madow, the team recommended that the local forest should be conserved as a national monument, as it plays an important role in the mountain range's ecosystem and represents a valuable natural resource.
In addition, the forests offer unique opportunities for education and research. The agricultural benefit of clearing the forests, on the other hand, are negligible. The development of a wildlife reserve would thus be indicated in these areas. International support should encourage the development of a study center, which would increase awareness of the value of the forest and provide long-term employment benefits. Some of the degraded forest areas could thereby be brought to a more natural state, while other areas would be developed for timber, fuelwood and honey production. Improved in the efficiency of the present farming, education and medical facilities are also crucial to the success of the proposed wildlife reserve.
References.
In: S. D. Davis, V. H. Heywood & C. Hamilton (eds.), Centres of Plant Diversity, a guide and strategy for their conservation, Vol. 1: 194-197.

</doc>
<doc id="9741289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741289" title="Hainan hare">
Hainan hare

The Hainan hare ("Lepus hainanus") is a species of hare endemic to Hainan Island, China.
Description.
The Hainan hare is small; its body length is less than and weighs only . Its head is small and round. It has long ears that are longer than its hind feet. The upper part of the tail is black, while the under parts are white. It has a more colorful coat than most other hares: its back is brownish black and white, its belly is white, the fur on the flank is a mixture of brownish yellow and brownish white, and its limbs are dark brown.
Behavior.
The Hainan hare is a solitary animal and active at night or dusk. It does not live in burrows, but hides in bushes. It likes to live in flat, cool land with many bushes.
Habitat and distribution.
The Hainan hare is found in the dry grassland of Western Hainan Island. It does not live in mountains or agricultural land.
Threats.
In previous years, the Hainan hare was slaughtered for skin, and this continues to some degree. It is also threatened by loss of habitat. Most of the habitat and animals on Hainan are threatened by similar factors, like the Hainan black crested gibbon, one of the world's rarest primates.
Conservation.
There is no control for overhunting of this rabbit and habitat destruction. This may be because it is only listed as vulnerable, though it may be very endangered. Little is known on specific populations.

</doc>
<doc id="9741292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741292" title="22nd Pennsylvania Cavalry">
22nd Pennsylvania Cavalry

The 22nd Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry was a cavalry regiment of the Union Army during the American Civil War.
History.
The regiment was formed in February 1864, at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, by the consolidation of two battalions, the Ringgold Cavalry and a battalion raised during the Gettysburg Campaign. The seven companies were mostly raised in Washington County. Jacob C. Higgins was selected to serve as colonel, A. J. Greenfield as lieutenant colonel, and George T. Work, Elias S. Troxell, and Henry A. Myers as majors. 
The 22nd Pennsylvania Cavalry was sent to Maryland for training, after which it was assigned to the Department of West Virginia. The dismounted men were assigned to the Reserve Division, while the mounted portion of the unit became part of the 2nd Brigade, First Cavalry Division.
It fought in several skirmishes during the Lynchburg Campaign and Early's Raid on Washington. In August, it was assigned to the Army of the Shenandoah as part of the 3rd Brigade, Cavalry Corps. It fought in several battles of Sheridan's campaign, such as at the Battle of Opequon and the Battle of Cedar Creek. In December, it was sent back to the Department of West Virginia, were it spent the remainder of the war chasing down guerrillas. 
On June 24, 1865, it was consolidated with the 18th Pennsylvania Cavalry to form the 3rd Pennsylvania Provisional Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="9741302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741302" title="Socimi Type 821">
Socimi Type 821

The Socimi Type 821-SMG was a submachine gun manufactured in the 1980s by the firm of SOCIMI, "Società Costruzioni Industriali Milano, SpA" located in Milan, Italy.
Development.
At a first glance the Socimi Type 821-SMG appears to be an outright Italian copy of the Israeli Uzi, although the design sports many differences and improvements over the original project. The firm of SOCIMI had been active in the railway building sector since the early 1970s; in 1983, it entered in a Joint-Venture with the historic firearms manufacturer Luigi Franchi S.p.A. (which later, specifically in 1987, would have outright taken over) to concentrate on the military weapons business. The results of this collaboration were a series of assault rifles, and the Type 821-SMG. The early prototypes and evaluation samples of this sub-machinegun were shortly manufactured directly by Franchi, until SOCIMI had completed tooling-up to start in-house production.
Description.
The Israeli UZI sub-machinegun was taken as a basis, and several technical solutions of such weapon were outright adopted, including the telescoping bolt (already in use in another Italian sub-machinegun, the Beretta PM-12), the safety/fire selector switch and the grip safety, and housing of the magazine in the pistol grip. However, SOCIMI/Franchi engineers wanted to distinguish their weapon from the original UZI, by developing a wide array of newer features. 
The SOCIMI sub-machinegun was built around a solid, monolythic rectangular receiver made out of one single piece of lightweight alloy, departing from the UZI's heavy stamped steel receiver design; the SOCIMI receiver has one single opening on the rear from which the entire bolt assembly can be extracted, while the barrel is inserted in the front and secured by a nut, and can be separated from the receiver by unscrewing it like in the UZI. The grip has finger grooves for better handling.
The stock is tubular and sidefolding, departing from the complicated retractable design of the Israeli UZI; it pivots underneath the back side of the receiver and lies flat against the right side of the gun when folded. It is longer than the UZI stock (200 millimetres vs. 180), and results more comfortable to operate and to shoulder. The buttpad folds horizontally against the stock when not in use. While the original UZI collapsing stock could be useful as a blunt object/weapon in the event of extremely close engagements or hand-to-hand combat , the SOCIMI Type 821-SMG stock was not designed with such use in mind.
The SOCIMI Type 821-SMG is overall lighter and more compact than the Israeli UZI, weighting 2.450 grams unloaded vs. 3.500 grams of the UZI unloaded; and has an overall length of 400 millimetres with stock folded (vs. 470 millimetres) and 600 millimetres with stock unfolded (same as the UZI). The overall length reduction was achieved by shortening the barrel, using a 200 millimetres length vs. the original 260 millimetres. This has helped to achieve a slower rate of fire of 550 rounds per minute vs. the original 600 rpm of the UZI. Controllability in full-automatic fire results dramatically enhanced. Optimum results are obtained within a range of 150–200 metres, the telescopic bolt balances the weapon such that it can be fired one-handed with complete control.
Users.
The SOCIMI Type 821-SMG was acquired in small quantities by the Italian Ministry of Interior and distributed to the NOCS team of the Italian Police, and possibly to other unknown Italian units or organizations. The SOCIMI Type 821-SMG never went to become the standard sub-machinegun of any Italian force, as SOCIMI went bankrupt in 1992 and the production of their assault weapons system (including the Type 821-SMG) was halted to be never reprised again. Franchi, owned by SOCIMI until the bankruptcy and undoubtably the entity behind the development of the SOCIMI weapons system, offered shortly the Type 821-SMG as the "Franchi LF-821" with no success; it was ultimately acquired by the Beretta Holding and as such stopped development and production of all strictly military-oriented firearms. 
The SOCIMI Type 821-SMG samples acquired by Italian forces are now kept in stock. Other samples of this and other SOCIMI firearms are kept in warehouses by Italian firms such as Luigi Franchi S.p.A. and Fiocchi Munizioni. Rumors of foreign sales can find no confirm whatsoever; before bankruptcy, SOCIMI had reached export agreements with an United States company called "MTS Corporation", located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Experimental developments from the SOCIMI Type 821-SMG include a special tactical briefcase for the full-size model, and the SOCIMI Type 821-5 "Micro" SMG, a compact version with an overall length of 250 millimetres; none of these ever passed the prototype stage.

</doc>
<doc id="9741303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741303" title="Sand Prairie Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Sand Prairie Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Sand Prairie Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,441 and it contained 582 housing units. Sand Prairie Township changed its name from Jefferson Township May 20, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9741306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741306" title="Peter Jacques band">
Peter Jacques band

Peter Jacques band was an Italian Disco band, created by French-Italian-American businessman Jacques Fred Petrus (1949–1986) and songwriter and producer Mauro Malavasi (1958-). They released three albums all reaching minor success but most of all opened up the US market for Italian made disco. The albums were, "Fire Night Dance" in 1978, "Welcome Back" in 1979 and "Dancing In The Street" in 1985.
After financial problems Petrus had less means and studio time to succeed with PJB and his other projects like Change and B. B. & Q. band and after the murder of him in Guadeloupe in 1986 PJB vanished.
The band is considered one of the pioneers of Italian produced Disco music in the U.S. and Europe.
In 2007, Turbofunk (Patrick Alavi) released "Gotta move" which was a remix of "Dancing In the Street".

</doc>
<doc id="9741313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741313" title="1937 German Grand Prix">
1937 German Grand Prix

The 1937 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Nürburgring on 25 July 1937.
Driver Ernst von Delius collided with Richard Seaman during this race on lap 6 and the accident was eventually fatal for von Delius, experiencing thrombosis. Von Delius was 25 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9741337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741337" title="Forbes Hall">
Forbes Hall

Forbes Hall is a residence hall of the University of Pittsburgh (Oakland campus) and is located in Forbes Pavilion on Forbes Avenue approximately four blocks from the Litchfield Towers complex. The name Forbes Hall, which specifically refers to the residence hall component of the building, is sometimes interchangeably used with the name Forbes Pavilion, which refers to the entire six-story structure.
Use.
The Department of Parking, Transportation, and Services is located on the lowest level of Forbes Pavilion. A student mail center and internet kiosks are also available in the lobby of Forbes Hall for use by those with a Pitt user account. 
A large recreation hall is on the second floor, complete with television and pool table. A second floor rooftop patio overlooks Forbes Avenue with an adjoining indoor patio room.
Occupying the remaining floors of Forbes Hall are a mix of 232 first-year men and women in double rooms that are air-conditioned. Some of the doubles have adjoining semi-private bathrooms. There are communal showers, two kitchenettes, and a laundry area on each floor. Each wing of Forbes Hall has a study room. Select rooms overlooking Forbes Avenue and Euler Way in the back of the building have small balcony areas accessible by two adjacent rooms. Each room is provided with cable and ethernet connections.
Students Pursuing Academics and Careers in Engineering, commonly referred to as the "SPACE" was relocated to Forbes Hall in 2011 after previously being located in Litchfield Tower A. Prior to this, from the Fall of 2007 semester until 2011, Forbes Hall had housed the University Honors College program for first-year and upper-class men and women, which was subsequently moved to Sutherland Hall.
History.
Forbes Pavilion was originally built as a nursing home whose construction was completed in 1964, the nursing home closed after eight years of operations due to financial difficulty. The facility was acquired by the university and renovated to provide living quarters to students. The residence hall, consisting of three wings of four floors or residential space each, opened to students in September 1978. The University's Health Book Center, previously located for 20 years in Scaife Hall, was located on the lowest level of Forbes Pavilion from 1988 to 2011, prior to moving into the main university book store, The Book Center, on the ground level of Holland Hall.
It is alleged that Dan Marino lived in Forbes Hall during his college days.
G-20 incident.
On the evening of September 24, 2009, the city of Pittsburgh was in the first official day of hosting the 2009 G-20 Pittsburgh summit. Protesters and police in riot gear, many of whom on both sides were from outside the region, clashed in and around the University of Pittsburgh campus in Oakland and along Forbes Avenue. The protesters, who had lit a garbage dumpster on fire, were pushed by the police down to the proximity of Forbes Hall where students were observing the scene from the Forbes Hall second floor patio and from their room balconies. Police then allegedly projected canisters of pepper spray onto the patio or balconies of Forbes Hall essentially gassing the students who lived in the dorms, an action that resulted in at least one student being treated at the nearby hospital, UPMC Presbyterian.

</doc>
<doc id="9741349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741349" title="Sedullos">
Sedullos

Sedullos (87 BC – 52 BC) was a Gaulish chief of the tribe of the Lemovices. He commanded the 10,000 Lemovices that formed part of the relief force led by the Arvernian Vercassivellaunos. This relief force was raised to assist Vercingetorix at the Battle of Alesia. His death and courage are mentioned by Julius Caesar in his "Gallic Wars".

</doc>
<doc id="9741361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741361" title="Lauren C. Mayhew">
Lauren C. Mayhew

Lauren Courtney Mayhew (November 27, 1989) is an American singer, actress, former ring announcer and WWE Diva on the WWE ECW brand.
Life and career.
Mayhew was born in Tampa, Florida to David Mayhew, an orthopaedic surgeon and Sharon Mayhew, a nurse. She has a sister named Briana, who was born on November 27, 1985. At the age of 8, she starred in the PBS series, "The Reppies". At the age of 9 she was a finalist in the national Wilhemnia contest. A judge, Marilyn Zitner, who was a manager in New York, signed her. She booked the role of Marah Lewis on "Guiding Light".
Lauren took a break from acting and signed with Sony Records to be part of the group PYT, which went on to release an album and tour with Destiny's Child, 'N Sync, and Britney Spears. Lauren performed at the preshow for the Super Bowl, and has been featured in numerous magazines with PYT. She has also appeared in music videos with Mandy Moore, Faith Hill, Julia Price and two of her own music videos with PYT. After PYT broke up, she joined her former bandmate Lydia Bell in a new group called "Turning Point."
In her feature film debut, New Line Cinema's "Raise Your Voice", Lauren starred as Hilary Duff's arch-rival "Robin," where she played the role of a cynical and malicious diva. She later appeared in the direct-to-video movie ' as Arianna. She has also guest starred on such shows as: ', "", "Law & Order", "Joan of Arcadia", "Medical Investigation", and had a recurring role for one season on NBC's drama "American Dreams".
Lauren is involved with The Alliance for Eating Disorders Awareness, a charitable organization in helping to prevent against eating disorders. In 2006 she released a solo album called "Mayhew", available on iTunes. She has recently graduated from UCLA in Los Angeles.
Mayhew began working for the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) professional wrestling promotion as a ring announcer for its ECW brand during the October 6, 2009 episode of "ECW". In late November 2009, Lauren's short term contract with WWE expired and was not renewed, as the two parties could not come to an agreement for a longer-term contract.
Mayhew also writes and licenses her music to film and TV. She has had songs on NBC's "The Voice," Lifetime's "Dance Moms," MTV's "The Hills," E Network's "Giulianna and Bill," Universal's "Bring It On: In It to Win It," and assorted other works.

</doc>
<doc id="9741367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741367" title="Ken Bowman">
Ken Bowman

Kenneth Brian Bowman (born December 15, 1942 in Milan, Illinois) was a center in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers. Bowman was the center during the winning play of the Ice Bowl in which Bart Starr scored the winning touchdown. Bowman attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison.

</doc>
<doc id="9741368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741368" title="Spring Lake Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Spring Lake Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Spring Lake Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,887 and it contained 887 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 95.64%) is land and (or 4.36%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741372" title="Sweetwater Creek (novel)">
Sweetwater Creek (novel)

Sweetwater Creek is a novel by Anne Rivers Siddons. Published in 2005, it is the story of a girl named Emily who survives her mother's abandonment and her older brother's suicide. She finds purpose in training her father's spaniels and takes refuge in the magic of Sweetwater Creek. A new friend enters Emily's life in the person of Lulu, a troubled daughter of privilege whose secrets threaten to destroy Emily's beautiful new world.

</doc>
<doc id="9741398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741398" title="BIAS Peak">
BIAS Peak

Peak is a digital audio editing application for the Macintosh, used primarily for stereo/mono recording, sample editing, creating loops, and CD mastering. It is commonly used by amateur and professional audio and video editors, mastering engineers, musicians, sound designers, artists, educators, and hobbyists.
It was published by the now defunct company BIAS Inc. in several editions, with varying levels of features.
Peak differs from Digital audio workstation-type audio editing applications in that most of its editing is done directly at the file level, without having to first create a project and import the audio to be edited into it.
Peak can be assigned to many DAW-type applications as a supplemental external sample editor. When used this capacity, it is similar to having Peak's editing capabilities available as a plug-in, within the other application.
BIAS Inc. ceased all business operations as of June, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9741404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741404" title="Tremont Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Tremont Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Tremont Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,641 and it contained 1,043 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.71%) is land and (or 0.31%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741411" title="Pre-modern coinage in Sri Lanka">
Pre-modern coinage in Sri Lanka

Most of the Pre modern coinage used in Sri Lanka or coins used in pre-Christian Sri Lanka can be categorised as Punch-marked coins, Tree and Swastika coins, Elephant and Swastika coins and Lakshmi plaques.
Punch-marked coins.
They are referred to as punch-marked coins or eldings. Similar coins have been unearthed throughout the island. Large numbers of such coins have been found in the North Central Province of Sri Lanka too but a study on regional varieties is yet to be done.
These punch marked coins are usually in silver and have assorted combinations of symbols punched on them, Usually the reverse of the coin is blank. Stylistically these coins are similar to coins used in the Indian sub-continent during this period. A recent publication on these coins attempts to identify symbols peculiar to Sri Lanka. Some of the more popular symbols are Sun, Moon, elephant, bull, nandipada, fish and peacock. The diversity of symbols suggests that these coins have been issued by regional rulers or traders and not by a central monarchy.
Tree and Swastika coins.
The Tree and Swastika coins are always cast. The tree on these coins is sometimes called a Bo-tree, a tree with religious significance to the Buddhists. However as these coins are pre-Buddhist, the tree is more likely to be a widely accepted holy tree from the region. 
Elephant and Swastika coins.
The older coins of this type are cast and the later ones are struck. The cast coins are much thicker that the thinner struck coins. A struck coin is illustrated below.
Lakshmi plaques.
Chera coins.
The goddess Lakshmi coins are either cast or struck. The two coins illustrated below are cast. They are found in may sizes ranging from about 3 inches to half an inch. The obverse of these coins bear the image of the goddess holding lotus stalks, surmounted by two elephants pouring water. Initially these were thought to be votive offerings. but now scholars are unanimous that they were indeed coins. They are early coins of the Chera Dynasty from about 500 BCE found in Kandarodai.
The early period.
Pandyan and Pallava coins.
The Bull, elephant and fish symbols figure prominently on the coins used in northern Sri Lanka by the Pandyan Dynasty during the early period. The lion features prominently on the Pallava coins.
The medieval period.
Chola coins.
Gold and copper coins issued by the Chola ruler Rajaraja Chola (985-1014) are excavated from many parts of Sri Lanka. The obverse and reverse of these coins are similar to the common Dambadeniya Massa coins issued by later Kalinga and Pandya rulers of Sri Lanka. This prototype for the Dambadeniya coins uses Tamil characters on the reverse for the kings name.
Sethu Bull coins.
Several types of coins categorised as Sethu Bull coins are found in large quantities in the northern part of Sri Lanka. Three types of this series are illustrated below. The obverse of these coins have a human figure flanked by lamps and the reverse has the Nandi (bull) symbol, the legend "Sethu" in Tamil with a crescent moon above. The obverse is similar to the contemporary "Massa" coins issued by the Kalinga and Pandyan rulers of the central Sri Lankan kingdom of Dambadeniya. 
The late period.
These coins known as 'Parakramabahu lion type' are found in large numbers in the northern and western parts of Sri Lanka. The king is Parakramabahu VI of Kotte and the coins are believed to have been issued by Sapumal Kumara (also known as Chempaka Perumal) who ruled Northern peninsula from nallur on behalf of the Kotte king, for some years. Although some writers have suggested that the lion represents Sinhala dominance over the Jaffna Kingdom, others have pointed out that the lion is stylistically Tamil, and unmistakably so. 
As illustrated above the lion symbol was used on Jaffna coins by Pallava rulers as well. The lion on the Rajadhiraja Chola II is very similar to the lion on the present Lion Flag of Sri Lanka.
The Dutch period.
These heavy rough copper coins were struck by the Dutch East India Company to use in the Jaffna territory. They were issued in the denominations of 1 and 2 Stuivers. These coins are also referred to as 'Dutch dumps'. Coins similar to those minted in Jaffna were minted in Trincomalee, Colombo and Galle as well and they bear the letters T, C and G respectively as mint marks.

</doc>
<doc id="9741415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741415" title="Hello Cleveland!">
Hello Cleveland!

Hello Cleveland! is an independent record label based in Darlinghurst, New South Wales. Established by One Louder Entertainment (who manage Paul Kelly, Sarah Blasko, Kate Miller-Heidke and The Drones) in 2001, their records were distributed by EMI in Australia and New Zealand. 
The name is a reference to the film "This Is Spinal Tap", in which the eponymous band becomes hopelessly lost in a maze of tunnels beneath the stage of their gig. One of the band members repeatedly says "Hello Cleveland!" in anticipation of actually finding the stage.
After several years of inactivity, in 2010 hello Cleveland! signed electronic pop act, Fatty Gets a Stylist, a side project of Miller-Heidke. Their self-titled debut album was released in October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9741435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741435" title="Billy Bones">
Billy Bones

Billy Bones is a fictional character, in the first section of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel "Treasure Island".
In the novel.
Billy Bones appears at the very outset of the story with a mysterious sea chest, looking for a wayside inn with a view of the sea but little traffic. Bones decides upon the Admiral Benbow Inn where he asks to be addressed merely as "Captain". Though his down-payment for lodgings is adequate, even generous, he stays for many months and browbeats Jim Hawkins's father out of asking for more money even when his deposit has been spent. He does, however, pay Jim fourpence a month to keep watch for "a seafaring man with one leg". Though he seems sometimes on the verge of deciding this was a waste of money, he invariably relents. Most of the daytime is spent walking the cliffs and looking out to sea. 
A habitual drunkard, the Captain terrorizes the customers of the Benbow with his swearing, singing and general bullying. Yet he begins to attract customers by his very notoriety and earns some admiration from locals who consider him a "real old salt". The winter after his arrival the Captain is visited by Black Dog, a villainous-looking man with two fingers missing from his hand. There is a noisy argument between the two which turns into a lively sword fight and the Captain drives off a wounded Black Dog. As soon as the unwelcome visitor is gone, the Captain suffers a stroke. He is tended to by Dr. Livesey who discovers the real name of the Captain to be Billy Bones when his arm is bared as a prelude to a surgical bloodletting and finds the name tattooed there.
The doctor saves his life and warns him to lay off rum or it will be the death of him. Bones does not heed Livesey's warning over his excessive drinking. He is plainly weakened by his stroke and the shock of Black Dog's visit, and at one point Hawkins even hears him sing a country love-song, a gentle relic of his innocent days as a youth. He admits to Jim Hawkins that he sailed with Captain Flint, the notorious pirate, and was first mate on his ship. This explains much of the mysterious circumstances and solitary behaviour of the early part of the story. 
A few days later, a blind pirate known only as Pew reaches the inn, and Bones is plainly terrified. Pew slips a "black spot" into Bones's hand and departs. Immediately, Bones suffers a second stroke.
Other media.
Billy Bones appears briefly in Disney's animated film "Treasure Planet", voiced by Patrick McGoohan. One day, a spaceship crashes near Jim's mother's inn. The dying pilot is a turtle-like alien called "Billy Bones", who gives Jim a sphere and tells him to "beware the cyborg" (referring to Disney's portrayal of Long John Silver). Shortly thereafter, a gang of pirates raid and burn the inn. Bones dies in the process. 
Billy Bones is portrayed by Billy Connolly in "Muppet Treasure Island".
He is portrayed by Tom Hopper in the Starz original series "Black Sails". In the episode "VI.", Billy's full name is revealed as William "Bones" Manderly.
He is mentioned in the song 'Time For Heroes' by The Libertines.

</doc>
<doc id="9741442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741442" title="Washington Township, Tazewell County, Illinois">
Washington Township, Tazewell County, Illinois

Washington Township is located in Tazewell County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 23,604 and it contained 9,749 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.98%) is land and (or 0.02%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9741443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741443" title="Anne Ripley Smith">
Anne Ripley Smith

Anne Ripley Smith (March 3, 1881 – June 1, 1949) was a founder of Alcoholics Anonymous, along with her husband, Dr. Bob Smith, and Bill Wilson. 
Anne Smith's influence in AA became widely known through her publication, "Anne Smith's Journal, 1933-1939". 
She compiled and shared with early AAs and their families the materials comprising early AA's spiritual program—the Bible, Quiet Time, the teachings of Sam Shoemaker, the principles of the Oxford Group, and Christian literature of the day. Anne became one of the first members of Al-Anon when the founder and wife of Bill W. Lois Wilson visited her in Akron, Ohio during his stay at their house.

</doc>
<doc id="9741445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741445" title="Andrejs Upīts">
Andrejs Upīts

Andrejs Upīts (4 December 1877, Skrīveri parish, Russian Empire – 17 November 1970, Riga, Latvian SSR) was a Latvian teacher, poet, short story writer and Communist polemicist.
Literary activity.
Andrejs Upīts, while writing for the newspaper "Mājas viesis" under the pseudonym Andrei Araji in 1892, published his first articles, "Parunas, Skrīveros uzrakstītas" (~"Recorded Proverbs of Skrīveri") (No. 15) and "Kā mūsu senči agrāk Vidzemē dzīvojuši" (~"How our ancestors once lived in Vidzeme") (No. 20). Upīts wrote novels, stories, drama, tragedy, comedy, poetry, satire, journalism, and literary criticism. His children's novel, "Sūnu ciema zēni" (~"The Boys of Moss Village"), is included in the compulsory reading list of schools. He was one of the more multifaceted Latvian writers. Upīts' heroes possess striking character and he used a rich language.
His 1945 novel "Zaļā zeme" (~"The Green Land") received the USSR State Prize in 1946. His "Sociālistiskā reālisma jautājumi literatūrā" (~"Problems of Socialist Realism in Literature") won the Latvian SSR State Prize in 1957.
His works were banned twice — the first time after Kārlis Ulmanis' coup of 1934, and the second during the years of the Soviet regime, when his performance of his play, "Ziedošais tuksnesis" (~"The Blooming Desert") was prohibited at the Dailes theatre and censors prohibited distribution of his book, "Literatūras vēsture" (~"The History of Literature").

</doc>
<doc id="9741448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741448" title="Selma Urfer">
Selma Urfer

Selma Urfer (born 30 March 1928 in Bern, Switzerland; died 2 May 2013 in Munich) was a Swiss author, translator and actress. She graduated from the Zurich School of Drama in 1948. In addition to acting and studio recordings, she published numerous short stories, radio and TV plays, translations from French/English and two novels. She joined the Gruppe Olten in 1970. She was married to the German actor Robert Graf, had three children, including German film director :de:Dominik Graf, and lived in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="9741454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741454" title="Lake Tyrrell">
Lake Tyrrell

Lake Tyrrell is a shallow, salt-crusted depression located in the Mallee district of north-west Victoria, in Australia. 
Location and features.
The lake covers approximately , making it Victoria's largest salt lake. It is located south of the town of Sea Lake and northwest of Melbourne. 
While much of the time the lake is dry, it is usually covered in about of water in winter. It is ancient and probably formed by sand blocking the passage of Tyrrell Creek (a distributary of the Avoca River) which feeds the lake. Evaporation results in a layer of salt crusting on the lake bed which is extracted by Chislem Salt in Sea Lake.
The lake environment is host to Mallee reptiles, kangaroos, emus and white-faced chats. Thousands of seagulls breed on small islands on the lake. Surrounding vegetation is made up of saltbush and samphire.
History.
Around 120,000 years ago Tyrrell was apprixmiately deep with low salinity. Water levels subsequently dropped due to climatic changes, resulting in cycles of drying and partial refilling.
In 1838, Australian explorer Edward Eyre discovered Lake Tyrrell while searching for new grazing land.
Recreation activities.
Each year on the Queen's Birthday long weekend the lake hosts the Mallee Rally, part of the Australian Rally Championship most years.
On the Sea Lake side of the lake, from the township, is the local lookout and astronomy point, built in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9741459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741459" title="Sir William Parsons, 4th Baronet">
Sir William Parsons, 4th Baronet

Sir William Parsons, 4th Baronet of Birr Castle (6 May 1731 – 1 May 1791) was an Irish politician and baronet.
He was the son of Sir Laurence Parsons, 3rd Baronet and Mary Sprigge. From 1757 until his death in 1797, Parsons served as Member of Parliament (MP) in the Irish House of Commons for King's County. He was High Sheriff of King's County in 1779.
Marriage and children.
He married Mary Clere, daughter of John Clere, on 28 June 1754.

</doc>
<doc id="9741461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741461" title="Vercassivellaunos">
Vercassivellaunos

Vercassivellaunus(?-46BC) was a Gaulish commander of the Arverni who led a relief force to assist Vercingetorix at the Battle of Alesia. He was a cousin of Vercingetorix. Sedullos, chief of the Lemovices, joined his force with 10,000 men and was killed at the battle. According to Caesar's own account in "De bello Gallico", Vercassivellaunus was taken prisoner. His further fate is unknown, but most probably he was executed after Caesar's triumphal procession in Rom in 46BC. 

</doc>
<doc id="9741475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741475" title="Komchen">
Komchen

Komchén is a community in the Municipality of Mérida in the state of Yucatan, located in southeastern Mexico. Komchén is located 15 kilometers north of the city of Mérida, in the northwestern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula and is approximately 20 km from the northern peninsular coast. Its name comes from the Yucatec Mayan and means: "In the well of the hollow". Its infrastructure includes, educational services (a kindergarten, a primary school, a high school and a Bachelors School and a municipal library), a clinic of the Mexican Social Security Institute as well as recreational parks and marinas. 90% of Its streets are paved.
Pre-Columbian History.
Komchén is also the location of a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site of the same name and is situated close to the site of Dzibilchaltun. Pre-Columbian Komchén was initially settled during the Mesoamerican Middle Preclassic. Its earliest settlement consisted of a small residential community with perishable structure. The site transitioned into a larger community during the Late Preclassic, reaching its peak in construction between the years 350-150 BC and employing permanent stone masonry in architectural construction. It appears that the site was entirely abandoned by the end of the Late Preclassic (ca. A.D. 250). Later, however, the site was partially reoccupied by residents of the expanding center of Dzibilchaltun.
Archaeological investigation of the site commenced during the early 1980s when a research project, under the direction of E. Wyllys Andrews V of the Middle American Research Institute (MARI) of Tulane University, began excavating at Komchén. This research documented nearly 1000 residential structures in an area approximately 2 km² in size, including a core of five large platforms (the tallest of which was 8 meters) and a sacbe (one of the earliest identified in the Yucatán) (Andrews et al. 1984).

</doc>
<doc id="9741490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741490" title="Parks in Dubuque, Iowa">
Parks in Dubuque, Iowa

The City of Dubuque, Iowa maintains an extensive park system. Because of Dubuque's varied topography, several of the parks feature panoramic views of the city, including: Cleveland Park, Eagle Point Park, Madison Park, and Murphy Park. The city currently operates 39 parks, 6 trails, 2 swimming pools, a golf course, arboretum, campground, and 3 other properties. In total, more than of parks and recreation facilities are city-owned and available for public use.
In recent years, the city's park system has been greatly expanded. Many new neighborhood "mini" parks and playgrounds have been built, and all of the existing parks have been renovated since the mid-1990s. Currently, 8 parks are in some phase of development. The city is also working on an interconnected hike/bike trail system that will, at first, link up various riverfront attractions, such as those in the Port of Dubuque. Eventually, the system will be expanded into the outlying neighborhoods, including a trail in the Catfish Creek Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="9741494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741494" title="Marv Fleming">
Marv Fleming

Marvin L. Fleming (born January 2, 1942) is a former professional American football tight end with the Green Bay Packers and the Miami Dolphins. He is the first player in National Football League history to play in five Super Bowls—with Green Bay Super Bowl I and Super Bowl II; with Miami Super Bowl VI, Super Bowl VII and Super Bowl VIII.
Fleming was the victim of an identity theft scam in the late 70s and early 80s. One Arthur Lee Trotter posed as Fleming and was arrested in Texas in 1980 for selling phony stock in NFL teams. Caught, Trotter conceded to police that he was not Fleming: he said he was actually former Baltimore Colts star John Mackey. Fleming was inducted into the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9741503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741503" title="Nicolas Vanier">
Nicolas Vanier

Nicolas Vanier (born 5 May 1962, Senegal) is a French adventurist, writer and moviemaker. 
His 2004 film "The Last Trapper" ("Le dernier trappeur") is about a trapper in the Yukon, in Canada.
His latest feature film, "Loup" ("Wolf") was released at the end of 2009 and was presented at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. "Loup" is about the life of the Evens tribe in North Eastern arctic Siberia, in the Verkhoïansk mountain range, who live by raising large herds of reindeer (caribou), which involves protecting them from attacks by wolves.

</doc>
<doc id="9741522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741522" title="Shintarō Hashimoto">
Shintarō Hashimoto

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
Hashimoto was born in Wakayama prefecture. He graduated from the 41st class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1913. He was ranked 43rd in a class of 118 cadets. As a midshipman, he was assigned to the cruisers "Asama" and "Chikuma". On receiving his commission as ensign, he was assigned back to "Chikuma", then to "Yahagi".
After attending torpedo school and naval artillery school, Hashimoto served on the destroyer "Kamekaze". He was promoted to lieutenant in 1919, and served on the destroyer "Kaede", as executive officer on destroyer "Hasu", chief torpedo officer on destroyer "Okikaze" and (in 1923), captain of the destroyer "Nashi".
After graduating from the 24th class of Naval Staff College in 1924 and his promotion to lieutenant commander, Hashimoto was assigned to the staff of the Kure Naval District. He was promoted to commander in 1930. Hashimoto served as commander of various destroyer task forces through the 1930s, winning promotion to captain in 1935. He was Chief of Staff of the Ryojun Guard District from 1937–1939, and assumed command of the cruiser "Chikuma" from 1939–1940 and battleship "Hyūga" from 1940-1941. He was promoted to rear admiral on 15 October 1941.
At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hashimoto was in command of the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla, covering landings of Japanese forces in Malaya. From August until late-November, 1942, he commanded Tokyo Express missions during the Guadalcanal Campaign. In January 1943, Hashimoto's destroyers participated in “Operation Ke”, and successfully evacuated 11,700 surviving Japanese troops from Guadalcanal.
From March to October 1943, Hashimoto received a shore assignment and became Commandant of the Torpedo School. Assigned to command the 5th Cruiser Division in November 1943, he was promoted to vice admiral on 15 October 1944.
From his flagship, the cruiser "Haguro", he commanded the 5th Cruiser Division, which was defeated by Royal Navy warships during the Battle of the Malacca Strait on 16 May 1945. "Haguro" and the destroyer "Kamikaze" were in the Bay of Bengal off the northern tip of Sumatra attempting to transport food and supplies to the Japanese garrison in the Andaman Islands when they were ambushed by five British destroyers. During the battle, "Haguro" was hit repeatedly by torpedoes and gunfire. She sank, and Admiral Hashimoto was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="9741527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741527" title="GlobalPOV">
GlobalPOV

GlobalPOV is an organization which publishes a blog and online discussion forum in which business, political and technology leaders from around the world collaborate to determine the specific ways that technology is changing notions such as privacy, identity and intellectual property. The Editor-in-Chief is technologist and privacy expert David H. Holtzman. Previously, Holtzman served as the former CTO of Network Solutions, where he managed the Internet's master root server and oversaw the growth of the commercial Internet from 500,000 domain names to over 20 million during the late 1990s.[http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0EIN/is_2004_August_17/ai_n6163604]
The site also includes a series of interviews and "POV's" from a range of experts in these areas. Culturally notable names include:

</doc>
<doc id="9741564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741564" title="Yolanda Adams Smooth Jazz Tribute">
Yolanda Adams Smooth Jazz Tribute

Yolanda Adams Smooth Jazz Tribute is an a compilation tribute album. It contains performances of songs originally recorded by gospel singer Yolanda Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="9741574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741574" title="Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences">
Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences

The Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences (Czech: "Československá akademie věd", Slovak: "Česko-slovenská akadémia vied") was established in 1953 to be the scientific center for Czechoslovakia. It was succeeded by the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic ("Akademie věd České republiky") and Slovak Academy of Sciences ("Slovenská akadémia vied") in 1992.
History.
The Royal Czech Society of Sciences, which encompassed both the humanities and the natural sciences, was established in the Czech Crown lands in 1784. After the totalitarian Communist regime came to power in Czechoslovakia in 1948, all scientific, non-university institutions and learned societies were dissolved and, in their place, the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences was founded by Act No. 52/1952. It comprised both a complex of research institutes and a learned society. Slovak Academy of Sciences established in 1942 and re-established in 1953 was a formal part of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences since 1960 to 1992. The Academy was subjected to heavy ideological pressure until the fall of the Communist regime in 1989. In 1992, the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic was established by Act No. 283/1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9741575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741575" title="Lolcat">
Lolcat

A lolcat (pronounced ) is an image macro of one or more cats. The image's text is often idiosyncratic and grammatically incorrect. Its use in this way is known as "lolspeak" or "kitty pidgin".
"Lolcat" is a compound word of the acronymic abbreviation for "laugh out loud" (LOL) and the word "cat". A synonym for "lolcat" is cat macro, since the images are a type of image macro. Lolcats are commonly designed for photo sharing imageboards and other Internet forums. Similar image macros that do not feature cats are often simply referred to as "lols".
History.
As early as the 1870s, British portrait photographer Harry Pointer created a carte de visite series featuring cats posed in various situations. To these he usually added amusing text intended to further enhance their appeal. Other notable early figures include Harry Whittier Frees and (using mounted animals) Walter Potter.
The first recorded use of the term "lolcat" is from the anonymous imageboard 4chan. The word "Lolcat" is attested as early as June 2006, and the domain name "LOLcats.com" was registered on June 14, 2006. Their popularity was spread through usage on forums such as Something Awful. "The News Journal" states that "some trace the lolcats back to the site 4chan, which features bizarre cat pictures on Saturdays, or 'Caturdays'." Ikenburg adds that the images have been "slinking around the Internet for years under various labels, but they did not become a sensation until early 2007 with the advent of I Can Has Cheezburger?" The first image on "I CAN HAZ CHEEZBURGER?" was posted on January 11, 2007, and was allegedly from the Something Awful website." Lev Grossman of "Time" wrote that the oldest known example "probably dates to 2006," but later corrected himself in a blog post where he recapitulated the anecdotal evidence readers had sent him, placing the origin of "Caturday" and many of the images now known by a few as "lolcats" in early 2005. The domain name "caturday.com" was registered on April 30, 2005.
The term "lolcat" gained national media attention in the United States when it was covered by "Time", which wrote that non-commercialized phenomena of the sort are increasingly rare, stating that lolcats have "a distinctly old-school, early 1990s, Usenet feel to name="Time"> Partial scan of the print edition: [http://fcrunk.wellimean.com/memes/catstime.jpg fcrunk.wellimean.com</ref> "Entertainment Weekly" put them on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Da cutest distractshun of da decaid? Y, lolcats of corse! We can neber haz enuf of deez capshioned pics of cuddlie kittehs." "Lolcat" was also a runner-up under the "Most Creative" category under the American Dialect Society Word of the Year Awards, losing out to
"Googlegänger".
Format.
Lolcat is a composite of two words, "lol" and "cat". "Lol" stands for "Laugh out Loud" or "Laughing out Loud"; hence, lolcats are intended to be funny and to include jokes. Lolcats images comprise a photo of a cat with a large caption characteristically set in a sans serif font such as Impact or Arial Black. The image is, on occasion, digitally edited for effect. The caption generally acts as a speech balloon encompassing a comment from the cat, or as a description of the depicted scene. The caption is intentionally written with deviations from standard English spelling and grammar, featuring "conjugated verbs, but a tendency to converge to a new set of rules in spelling and grammar".
The text parodies the grammar-poor patois stereotypically attributed to Internet slang. Frequently, lolcat captions take the form of phrasal templates. Some phrases have a known source, usually a well-known Internet meme, such as All your base are belong to us or Do not want, while others don't. The language of lolcats has also been likened to baby talk.
Common themes include jokes of the form "Im in ur [verb-ing ur noun." Many lolcat images capture cats performing characteristically human actions or appearing to use modern technology, such as computers.
There are several well-known lolcat images and single-word captions that have spawned many variations and imitations, including "Ceiling Cat" (see below). Others include Fail (a cat with a slice of processed cheese on its face) and "I Can Has Cheezburger" (a portrait of a blue British Shorthair).
Offshoots and parodies.
Variations on the lolcat concept include captioning photos of other animals in a similar style (e.g. "loldogs" for dogs, etc.).
The syntax of lolcat captions was used as the basis for LOLCODE, an esoteric programming language with interpreters and compilers available in .NET Framework, Perl, etc.
Branding Variations.
Variations of the initial branding idea has been appearing, such as Funny Cat Dot Pics. With the introduction of the new GTLDs, this gave A new branding initiative to the "LOLCat" community. the .pics extension has been incorporated by brands like this to add relevancy and distinguish the differentiation between these and the "LOLCat" Videos.
Ceiling Cat and Basement Cat.
"Ceiling Cat" is a character spawned by the meme. The original image was an image macro with a picture of a cat looking out of a hole in a ceiling, captioned "Ceiling Cat is watching you masturbate." There followed numerous image macros with the format "Ceiling Cat is watching you ["verb" ending in/rhyming with -ate]" with Ceiling Cat superimposed in the upper left hand corner of an image macro depicting the appropriate action. The underlying theme is that the cat is looking down on you, almost in a form of judgement. The character is also featured in a project to translate the Bible to "lolspeak". "Ceiling Cat" and the corresponding "Basement Cat" (a black cat who lives in the basement) represent good and evil (sometimes God and Satan) in the lolcat universe.

</doc>
<doc id="9741584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741584" title="Olallie Butte">
Olallie Butte

Olallie Butte is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon. It is the largest volcano and highest point in the distance between Mount Hood and Mount Jefferson, Oregon's two highest peaks. Ice Age glaciers carved two large cirques into the northeast and southeast flanks of the mountain exposing magma which hardened in the volcano's conduits to form the numerous spectacular rock pinnacles now found in the higher parts of the cirques.
A Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in 1920, but abandoned in 1967. The collapsed timbers of the lookout tower still remain on the summit to this day. A wedge-shaped piece of land including the summit area which had been part of the Willamette National Forest was ceded to the Warm Springs Indian Reservation under a revised interpretation of a 19th-century treaty. Most of Olallie Butte except the lower western flank now lies within the reservation. Although official maintenance of the trail to the summit also ended in the 1960s it still remains passable to hikers.
The summit of Olallie Butte is located on the border between Marion County and Jefferson County. The highest point in Wasco County is located at about in the northeast cirque. Olallie Butte overlooks the Olallie Scenic Area to the south which includes Olallie Lake. The term "Olallie" is Chinook Jargon for "berry" which are abundant in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9741601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741601" title="Cosyntropin">
Cosyntropin

Cosyntropin (Cortrosyn) is a synthetic derivative of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) that is used in the ACTH stimulation test to evaluate and diagnose cortisol disorders. Cosyntropin contains only the first 24 (of a total 39) amino acids of ACTH but retains full function.
In patients with low cortisol levels or symptoms of adrenocortical insufficiency, cosyntropin can be used to diagnose Addison's disease. A failure for serum cortisol levels to increase after administration of cosyntropin makes a diagnosis of primary adrenocortical insufficiency more likely. An increase in cortisol upon administration of cosyntropin rules out the condition. The test may also be used to assess the function of the adrenal glands after successful treatment for Cushing's syndrome.
Cosyntropin is also used in the opposite situation, when there is aldosterone hypersecretion due to either a unilateral adrenal adenoma (which is treated by surgical removal) or bilateral adrenal hyperplasia (treated by oral spironolactone). A procedure called adrenal venous sampling may be used pre-operatively to localize the source of aldosterone hypersecretion from either adrenal gland. A peripheral intravenous infusion of Cosyntropin before and during the procedure stimulates cortisol production and thereby verifies catheter position.

</doc>
<doc id="9741645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741645" title="Chilchota Alimentos">
Chilchota Alimentos

Chilchota Alimentos is a cheese company founded in 1968 in Gómez Palacio, Mexico by Herrera Brothers.
It makes cheese, yogurt, cream, margarine, candies and juices.
In 2001 the Chilchota Products are retired from most stores like Soriana, on the same year it sells Queen Milk to Grupo Lala.

</doc>
<doc id="9741652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741652" title="Macdonald Realty">
Macdonald Realty

Macdonald Realty is a Canadian real estate brokerage firm with offices across British Columbia. Established in 1944, the company offers a fully integrated range of real estate services, including: residential sales, commercial sales and leasing, property and strata management, project marketing, and mortgage services. 
In addition to residential brokerage, the company has divisions that work primarily in commercial sales and leasing, property management, project marketing, and mortgage lending. 
The company's head office in Vancouver was recently named the top grossing brokerage office in the Vancouver Metropolitan Area by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver and is one of the largest single brokerage offices in British Columbia.
Management.
Lynn Hsu, President & CEO of the Macdonald Realty Group, started her real estate career in 1985. From 1987 through 1989, Lynn was the #1 salesperson for Western Canada at a large, national real estate firm, ranking in the top 3 for all of Canada for combined residential/commercial real estate sales during those years. In 1990, Lynn bought Macdonald Realty, then only a single office in Vancouver’s Westside. 
Since that time, she has expanded the company, growing it to 20 offices throughout British Columbia, with nearly 1,000 staff and sales associates, turning the operation into a true, full-service real estate company, with offerings in: Residential and Commercial Sales and Leasing, Property Management, Project Marketing, Mortgage Financing, and Project Management. 
Over her career, Lynn has been honored many times for her achievements. These include: 
• 40 Under 40 Achievement Award for Entrepreneurs in BC <br>
• Overseas Chinese Achievement Award <br>
• Taiwanese Canadian Entrepreneur Award <br>
• Canadian Business Top 100 Canadian Women Entrepreneur Award – 2004 – Rank # 11 <br>
• Canadian Business Top 100 Canadian Women Entrepreneur Award – 2006 – Rank # 8 <br>
• Person of the Year in Chinese-Canadian Business Award – 2007 <br>
• The largest company owned by a woman in BC — 2008 and 2009 (Business in Vancouver) <br>
• The largest brokerage company in Western Canada – 2009 (Real Trends)
Branches.
Vancouver (Westside) branch in Vancouver, British Columbia managed by Bill Dick and Matthew Lee
Vancouver (Eastside) branch in Vancouver, British Columbia managed by Bill Dick and Matthew Lee
Downtown branch in Vancouver, British Columbia managed by Bill Dick and Matthew Lee
Commercial branch in Vancouver, British Columbia managed by Tony Letvinchuk
North Vancouver branch in North Vancouver, British Columbia managed by Ralph Kennedy
West Vancouver branch in West Vancouver, British Columbia managed by Ralph Kennedy
Squamish branch in Squamish, British Columbia managed by Ralph Kennedy
Whistler branch in Whistler, British Columbia managed by Ralph Kennedy
Westmar in Richmond, British Columbia managed by Andrew Leong 
Langley Langley, British Columbia managed by Stewart Henderson
Surrey branch in Surrey, British Columbia managed by Drew McLean
White Rock branch in White Rock, British Columbia managed by Drew McLean
Coquitlam branch in Coquitlam, British Columbia managed by Harvey Exner
Maple Ridge branch in Maple Ridge, British Columbia managed by Harvey Exner
Victoria branch in Victoria, British Columbia managed by Lynn Van de Kamp
Salt Spring Island branch in Salt Spring Island, British Columbia managed by Sandy Medler
Qualicum Beach branch on Vancouver Island, managed by Lynn Van de Kamp
South Okanagan in Osoyoos, British Columbia managed by Jim Henry
Kelowna in Kelowna, British Columbia managed by Don Gerein

</doc>
<doc id="9741654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741654" title="Guidantonio da Montefeltro">
Guidantonio da Montefeltro

Guidantonio da Montefeltro (1377 – February 1443) was count of Urbino in Italy from 1403 until his death.
In 1403, at the death of his father Antonio, Guidantonio inherited the family lands in the region of Italy called the Marche. Later he abandoned the Papal suzerainty and allied with King Ladislaus of Naples, who made him "Gran conestabile" of the Kingdom of Naples in 1411. Excommunicated by Pope Gregory XII, he took advantage of that move to conquer Assisi. He also controlled Castello, Cagli, Forlì, and Forlimpopoli.
Guidantonio later reconciled with Pope Martin V and with his enemy, the condottiero Braccio da Montone. In 1427 he occupied Urbania.
He died in 1443, his son Oddantonio succeeding him in Urbino.
Family and children.
He married Ringarda Malatesta in 1397, but the two had no children. Guidantonio remarried with Caterina Colonna, who bore him 9 children. Apart from Oddantonio, his most famous son was Federico, who was Duke of Urbino, as well as a condottiero and one of the most famous patron of arts in the Italian Renaissance. His daughter Sveva (1434–1478) married Alessandro Sforza, lord of Pesaro.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9741656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741656" title="Peter Simon">
Peter Simon

Peter Simon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9741675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741675" title="Timeline of North Omaha, Nebraska history">
Timeline of North Omaha, Nebraska history

Significant events in the history of North Omaha, Nebraska include the Pawnee, Otoe and Sioux nations; the African American community; Irish, Czech, and other European immigrants, and; several other populations. Several important settlements and towns were built in the area, as well as important social events that shaped the future of Omaha and the history of the nation. The timeline of North Omaha history extends to present, including recent controversy over schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9741676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741676" title="Ferenc Puskás Sr.">
Ferenc Puskás Sr.

Ferenc Puskás Sr., born Ferenc Purczeld, also referred to as Puskás Ferenc (1903 – 1952), was a Hungarian football player and manager. He was the father of the legendary Ferenc Puskás Jr., who is commonly referred to as Ferenc Puskás.
During the 1930s, as "Ferenc Purczeld", he played as a central defender with Kispest A.C.. Among his teammates at that club were Rezső Rozgonyi and Rezső Somlai, who both represented Hungary at the 1934 World Cup. In 1937 he changed his family name to "Puskás". After retiring as a player he became a coach at Kispest AC, where he was an early mentor to both his son, Ferenc Jr. and József Bozsik. He initially registered his son as a youth player using the pseudonym "Kovács Miklós" to help get around the minimum age rules.
In the 1940s, Puskás became the senior coach at Kispest AC. During two spells at the club, he managed the senior team in over 200 games. After his first period ended in 1947, he was replaced by Béla Guttmann. However Guttman fell out with Ferenc Jr. and walked out, allowing Ferenc Sr. to return. During his second tenure, Hungary became a communist state, and Kispest were then taken over by the Hungarian Ministry of Defence and became the Hungarian Army team. The club was renamed "Budapest Honvéd SE" and Puskás guided the squad – which included Ferenc Jr. and Bozsik – to their first two Hungarian League titles.
Honours.
Honvéd

</doc>
<doc id="9741701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741701" title="Dr. Livesey (character)">
Dr. Livesey (character)

Dr. David Livesey is a fictional character in the novel "Treasure Island", by Robert Louis Stevenson. As well as doctor he is a magistrate, an important man in the rural society of south-west England where the story begins; his social position is marked by his always wearing a white wig - even in the harsh conditions of the island where the story later gets. 
Some years previously, he had been in the British army which fought (and lost) the 1745 Battle of Fontenoy. 
The doctor's first appearance in the book is when he comes to the "Admiral Benbow". There he demonstrates his courage and strength of character when the pirate Billy Bones attempts to bully him. On Bones's subsequent death and the discovery of the treasure map, Dr. Livesey is soon in with Squire Trelawney's plans to recover "Flint's" hoard. Dr. Livesey is much the cooler-headed of the two and would have kept the purpose of the Hispaniola's voyage secret if he had had his way.
When Jim Hawkins discovers the pirates' plot, it is to the doctor that he goes to see. Livesey keeps his head in the crisis and lets none of the crew see that he has just been given dreadful news. Thanks to his cool temperament, he, Captain Alexander Smollett, and the squire are able to plan their escape with the few men they can trust. The doctor himself narrates their subsequent flight from the ship and the establishing of their camp in the old stockade on the island.
Later, when Silver and the pirates attack, the doctor fights well (he is a battle-hardened veteran, having served at Fontenoy as a younger man) and, with Captain Smollett wounded, takes responsibility for the safety of the expedition. Acting on Jim's account of his earlier adventures, he goes to find Ben Gunn and succeeds in winning the castaway's loyalty, no doubt helped by the fortunate circumstance of having a small Parmesan cheese in his possession (a foodstuff Gunn has been pining for through three years of living on goat meat). He negotiates a truce with Silver by surrendering the treasure map which he (but not Silver) now knows to be useless, and during the consequent fight at the site of the plundered cache he arrives opportunely to orchestrate the rescue of Jim and, as it turns out, Silver.
Doctor Livesey, though at one point earning a merited rebuke from Captain Smollett for inattention to his post, has much the largest share in the credit for the expedition's success. He is intelligent, brave and cool-headed; qualities which win the day against the cunning and ruthlessness of his formidable adversary Silver. He can very well be considered the hero of the story. Without him the whole expedition would have been a disaster.
Devoted to his Hippocratic Oath, Dr. Livesey feels duty-bound to treat wounded and ill pirates, even though they are enemies who tried to kill him and might try again. 
Robert Stevenson does not describe Dr Livesey, he lets the Dr describe himself in actions.

</doc>
<doc id="9741717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741717" title="Amarillo Sky (song)">
Amarillo Sky (song)

"Amarillo Sky" is the title of a country music song written by Big Kenny and John Rich (of Big & Rich), along with Rodney Clawson and Bart Pursley. It was originally recorded by the band McBride & the Ride and released as a single in 2002 from their album "Amarillo Sky". Country music star Jason Aldean later covered the song for his 2005 self-titled debut album, and his version was released as a single in June 2006. The single earned Aldean two nominations at the 2006 Academy of Country Music Awards for Video of the Year and Song of the Year, as well as video with the best direction at the CMT Music Awards.
Content.
The song tells the story of a farmer who works on his family's farm near Amarillo, Texas, where the song's co-writer John Rich is from. The farmer is enduring one of the droughts that plague the Panhandle of Texas, which is where co-writer Rodney Clawson is from (he's a native of Gruver, Texas). The song mentions the various hardships that the farm has faced, such as a damaging hailstorm and an increase in the price of diesel fuel. In the chorus, the farmer prays to God that the farm will remain viable ("I never complain, I never ask why / Please don't let my dreams run dry / Underneath, underneath this Amarillo sky").
Music video (Jason Aldean).
The music video was directed by Wes Edwards. It features Jason Aldean and his band playing the song under an old, torn-up barn. It shows young farmers from central Illinois who help take care of their farm. At the beginning of the video (which was cut from the video at times), the young farmers tell their stories of how they grew up on their farms, and how much their farms meant to them. The video premiered on CMT's Top 20 Countdown on the week of 17 August 2006.
Chart performance (Jason Aldean).
"Amarillo Sky" debuted at #52 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs for the week of July 15, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9741727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741727" title="Vemavaram">
Vemavaram

Vemavaram is a village in the Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, with a population of 1100. It is on Machilipatnam (headquarters of the Krishna district) and Gudivada state highway road.
Education.
The population has a 90% literacy rate.
Economy.
The economy of the village is centered around agriculture. It contains a total of eight "cheruvulu".
Religion.
The religious make up of the town is 70% Hindu, 20% Muslim, and 10% Christians.
Places of worship.
Hindu.
In this village, there are 4 main temples: 
Other.
There are one mosques and two churches in the village as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9741774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741774" title="Royal Czech Society of Sciences">
Royal Czech Society of Sciences

The Royal Czech Society of Sciences was established in 1784 to be the scientific center for Czech Crown lands. It was succeeded by the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences in 1952, and finally became what is known today as the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic in 1992.
History.
The Society was founded by filologist Josef Dobrovský, historian Gelasius Dobner and mathematician and the founder of Prague University Observatory, Joseph Stepling. Later it was headed by historian and politician František Palacký. 
As early as 1861–1863 anatomist Jan Evangelista Purkyně proposed in his treatise "Academia" the establishment of an autonomous non-university scientific institution associating research institutes representing the main fields of the science of that time. This idea of an institution engaged in interdisciplinary research corresponds to the concept and structure of the present Academy of Sciences. 
By the end of the 19th century, language-differentiated scientific institutions arose in this country: the Czech Academy of Science and the Arts (, 1890–1952) and the Association for the Fostering of German Science, Arts and Literature in Bohemia (, 1891–1945). Czech Academy of Science and the Arts was founded owing to the significant financial support from Czech architect, entrepreneur and philanthropist Josef Hlávka, who became its first president. The aim of this institution was to promote the development of Czech science and literature and to support Czech arts. The most important work of this Academy was its publication activities. Scholarships and financial support were also provided and smaller research units arose upon its initiative as well. 
After the foundation of the independent Czechoslovak Republic (1918) other scientific institutions were established, such as the Masaryk Academy of Labour ("Masarykova akademie práce") and autonomous state institutes, such as the Slavonic, Oriental and Archaeological Institutes. International relationships of Czech research institutions grew with their affiliation to the International Union of Academies and the International Research Council. 
After the totalitarian regime came to power in Czechoslovakia in 1948, all scientific, non-university institutions and learned societies were dissolved and instead the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences was founded. In 1992 the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic was established by Act No. 283/1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9741777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741777" title="1937 Monaco Grand Prix">
1937 Monaco Grand Prix

The 1937 Monaco Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Circuit de Monaco on 8 August 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="9741780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741780" title="Hyman Chanover">
Hyman Chanover

Hyman Chanover (April 19, 1920 - April 26, 1998) was a Rabbi, educationalist and author. His book "Happy Hanukah Everybody" (1969) was illustrated by Hans Christian Andersen Award winner Maurice Sendak.
Life.
He was born in Markow to Abraham Isaac and Anna Certner Chanover, in Poland but within a year had emigrated to the United States. In 1944 he married Alice S. Fischer and had two sons. He died April, 26 1998.
Career.
He studied at the Teachers Institute of Yeshiva University, Yeshiva Collage and New York University. Initially was a rabbi at Congregation Ahavath Israel in Philadelphia and Temple Israel in Albany, New York. He subsequently devoted himself to Jewish education particularly in association with the American Association of Jewish Education. He was also adjunct professor of education at New York University and later a professor at Baltimore Hebrew College.
Contribution.
He developed and wrote textbooks, prayer books, story books for classroom use and curricula and guides for teachers. He was a member of the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America.

</doc>
<doc id="9741807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741807" title=".450 Nitro Express">
.450 Nitro Express

.450 Nitro Express designed for the purpose of hunting large game such as elephant. This cartridge is used almost exclusively in single shot and double express rifles for hunting at the Tropics or hot climates in general and is a cartridge associated with the Golden Age of African safaris and Indian shikars. A prominent user was Frederick Courteney Selous, whom using this cartridge in Farquharson rifle was the inspiration for the character of Allan Quatermain.
.450 Nitro Express 3.25 in.
The .450 Nitro Express was the first Nitro Express, developed around 1898 by John Rigby. This cartridge was based on the then popular .450 Black Powder Express case with of Cordite and a jacketed bullet. Muzzle velocity is listed at 2,150 feet per second (655 m/s) with of muzzle energy. This straight case has a length of with a rim. 
Early cartridges used the black powder case that was designed for around 22,000 psi and not the 34,000 psi that the Cordite load generated. Case extraction was difficult, especially in warmer climates such as Africa and India where the cartridge was primarily used. To remedy this problem, a reinforced case was produced and Kynoch made a reduced load to lower the case pressure.
.450 Nitro Express #2 3.50 in.
The .450 Nitro Express #2 was developed by Eley Brothers in 1903. This cartridge used several loadings between 70 and 80 grains of Cordite with a bullet. The lighter loadings were typically used by Jeffery rifles for regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="9741809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741809" title="Alessio di Mauro">
Alessio di Mauro

Alessio di Mauro (born August 9, 1977 in Syracuse) is an Italian professional tennis player. In Buenos Aires, he reached his first final of his career, where Argentine Juan Mónaco defeated him 6–1, 6–2; on February 26, 2007. Propelled by this run, the left-hander reached his career high ranking of No. 68 in the world.
Betting scandal.
On November 10, 2007, at a position of world No. 124, di Mauro was the first player to be sanctioned after being embroiled in a betting scandal. Di Mauro received a $60,000 (£29,000) fine and 9 months banning from the ATP Tour, for an offense that carried a maximum punishment of 3 years. Some officials called for a harsher punishment. However, di Mauro was not betting on the outcome of his own matches, nor did he attempt to influence the outcomes of matches. He was found to be betting from November 2, 2006 to June 12, 2007; and was caught as a result of an investigation beginning in April 2007.[http://uk.eurosport.yahoo.com/10112007/58/atp-tour-di-mauro-banned-betting.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9741824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741824" title="Want To">
Want To

"Want To" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Sugarland. It was released in August 2006 as the first single from the album "Enjoy the Ride". It was their first single not to feature former member Kristen Hall, although Jennifer Nettles had previously been featured on Bon Jovi's Number One country hit, "Who Says You Can't Go Home", the song was also the first regular Number One hit of Sugarland's career in the U.S., spending two weeks at the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts in late 2006. The duo's members, Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush, wrote the song along with Bobby Pinson. The song has sold 856,000 copies in the US as of April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9741847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741847" title="Triton Island">
Triton Island

Triton Island (; ) is one of the islands of Paracel Islands in South China Sea, with an area of 1.2 km². It is also historically known as "Bànlù Zhì" () or "Luó Dǎo" () to Chinese fishermen. The current Chinese name of the island is named after the Republic of China Navy warship "ROCS Chung-chien" (中建號) sent in 1946 to claim the Paracel Islands. The island is administrated by the People's Republic of China but is also claimed by the Republic of China (Taiwan) and Vietnam.
The People's Republic of China's claim on the island is defined as per the "Declaration of the Government of the People's Republic of China on the Baselines of the Territorial Sea" (May 15, 1996). According to the PRC, the seven points on Zhongjiandao (Triton Island) are the baseline points of the Chinese territorial sea:
Triton Island is also the final resting place of the USNS Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton, which ran aground in 1973 while en route to Philippines from Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="9741849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741849" title="Caitiff">
Caitiff

Caitiff (literally a despicable coward or wretch) may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="9741853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741853" title="McAlmond House">
McAlmond House

McAlmond House was built in 1861 by Captain Elijah H. McAlmond. The house stands on the bluffs of Dungeness near Sequim, Clallam County, Washington. The home remained in the McAlmond family until the mid 1900s, when the last remaining property was put up for sale. 
Local legends claim that under Capt. McAlmond's stewardship, the bluffs under the house were used to smuggle Chinese into the United States. 
McAlmond House is on the Washington State Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="9741865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741865" title="Banyu Biru">
Banyu Biru

Banyu Biru is a 2005 Indonesian film. 
Panned by the critics in Indonesia on release, the surreal theme of this roadtrip movie of self-discovery performed moderately well in cinemas but fared much better on its DVD release, probably owing to the bankability of its main star, Tora Sudiro. It also received positive reviews in specialist press and online film sites internationally. 
The film is notable for featuring music tracks by superstar Indonesian rockers, Slank.

</doc>
<doc id="9741866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741866" title="Still Kicking (film)">
Still Kicking (film)

Still Kicking: Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity is a 2006 documentary film that explores the link between longevity and artistic vitality. Filmmaker Greg Young followed Project Arts & Longevity's Amy Gorman and Frances Kandl as they sought out female role models in the arts—very old women who were artistically active.
"Still Kicking"'s first festival screening was at the 2006 Real to Reel Film Festival in North Carolina. The film was also selected for screening by the 2006 Independents' Film Festival, the 2006 Port Townsend Film Festival, the 2007 Missouri International Film Festival, and the 2007 Santa Barbara International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9741888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741888" title="Thomas Hodges (artist)">
Thomas Hodges (artist)

Thomas Hodges is a British artist, working primarily with photography, and is best known for his art-nude work.
Life.
Hodges was born in the South London suburb of Woolwich. His father was an amateur photographer and he developed an early interest in photography. Hodges has travelled throughout Europe, spending many years living in France and moving to Italy in 2007, where he currently resides. He has also lived throughout East and Southeast Asia, residing in Malaysia, Hong Kong and China.
Career.
Hodges worked in the investment banking industry in development finance for sustainable and socially responsible projects. In 1984, he started working as a part-time photographer, shooting back-stage during major fashion shows. From 1995 to 2000, while residing in Malaysia, he stopped photography completely. He resigned from the investment banking business in 2000 and decided to pursue a full-time career as an artist, working primarily with photography. Hodges is a member of the UK based Association of Erotic Artists.
Hodges has seen his art work displayed in public spaces in Berlin on a pillar in conjunction with the arts company Art Below.
Inspirations.
Hodges specialises in photographing the sexuality of woman. He is inspired by female beauty and lists Gustav Klimt, Egon Schiele, Edgar Degas, Auguste Rodin, Gustave Courbet, Man Ray and Helmut Newton as significant inspirations to his work.
Style and technique.
Hodges terms much of his work as "Imaginistic", which he defines as “leaving the onlooker to deduct the ultimate conclusion of what his images portray”. Although he has experience working in studios, he prefers available light. He believes that he excels in the manipulation and control of light, frequently working at the extremes of both high-key and low-key photography.
Awards.
In 2006, Hodges was awarded the title of “Spider Fellow”, having won a Nominee Award in the "Black and White Spider Awards”. The Spider Awards are for excellence in black and white photography". Hodges was further honored in 2007, when he won a further five Nominee Awards in the 3rd competition. Hodges has also won “Nominee Awards” in the 2006, 2008 and 2009 International Color Awards’ “Photography Masters Cup”. Hodges also received an “Honorable Mention” award in the 2008 and 2009 IPA-Lucie Awards in the Fine Art Nude category, for his series “Romantica” and "Nude Shadows". In 2009, Hodges was also a winner in the London International Creative Competition (LICC), for his art nude series "Wrapped".
Publication.
Hodges’ work has been published in print and online, including "Playboy", "GQ", "Erotic Review", "Met Art", "The Photo Paper", "The Photography Masters Cup 2008 Yearbook", "The World's Greatest Black & White Photography", Volume 1, "The Artists Diary", "Lux Gallery Magazine", "What's Up" magazine and the British Museum of Erotic Art. 
In 2009, Hodges was also spotlighted as a "Featured Member" by The Lucie Foundation.
Hodges has several book publications, including his monograph "Imaginism" and an erotic novel, with M. Christian.
Exhibitions.
Hodges exhibits his work internationally, including The Italian Cultural Institute, London, the London Underground, The streets of Berlin, the 2008 Venice Biennale, the 2008 Poster Show in New York City and the 2009 International Art Show in Cannes.
Public collections.
Hodges’ works can be found in both private and public collections worldwide, including Shanghai University and Chi Mei Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9741891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741891" title="Lund, East Riding of Yorkshire">
Lund, East Riding of Yorkshire

Lund is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north-west of Beverley town centre and south-west of Driffield town centre.
It lies to the east of the B1248 road.
According to the 2011 UK census, Lund parish had a population of 308, an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 289.
The parish church of All Saints is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="9741894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741894" title="Kōsō Abe">
Kōsō Abe

Biography.
Early career.
A native of what is now the town of Mikawa, Yamagata prefecture in northern Japan, Abe was a graduate of the 40th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1912. He ranked 73rd out of 144 cadets. He served as midshipman on the cruisers and from 1912–1913, and after commissioning as an ensign in 1915, was assigned to the cruiser . He returned to naval artillery and torpedo school later that year, and did not graduate until late 1917, so he was unable to participate in combat operations in World War I.
As a lieutenant from 1918, lieutenant commander from 1924, and commander from 1930, he served as chief gunnery officer on the destroyers and , cruisers , and , and battleships , and . He was promoted to captain on 15 November 1934.
Abe was given his first command on 15 November 1935, the cruiser . He subsequently served as captain of "Naka", , , , and in the 1930s.
Abe was promoted to rear admiral on 15 November 1940. He commanded the transport division for the Port Moresby Invasion Force in abortive Operation Mo during the Battle of the Coral Sea.
The Makin Raid incident.
From 5 February 1942 – 29 November 1943, Abe was commander of the 6th Base Force at Kwajalein in the Marshall Islands. As such, he was essentially the wartime military governor of the Marshall Islands, Gilbert Islands, Nauru, Ocean Island and Wake Island in the central Pacific Ocean.
On 17–18 August 1942, a force of approximately 200 US Marine commandos landed by submarine and raided Makin Island. The Makin Island raid was intended to destroy Japanese installations, gather intelligence data, test raiding tactics, boost home front morale, and possibly to divert Japanese attention from Guadalcanal. At a loss of 30 men, the US Marines killed the 85 - 160 Japanese, destroyed the radio station, fuel depot, supplies and installations. The raid attracted much attention in the American press, spawning a 1942 propaganda movie entitled "Gung Ho!", but its military significance was negligible. Nine US Marines who had been accidentally left behind during the raid were captured by Japanese forces, and moved as prisoners of war to Kwajalein, where they were held for about a month.
The initial plan was to send those American prisoners to Japan for incarceration. However, Abe was advised by central military authorities in Tokyo that the new official policy was to execute all prisoners of war in the field, and not to hold any in captivity or to send them to the home islands. Reportedly over the protests of Captain Yoshio Obara (local Japanese commander on Kwajalein) and Commander Hiusakichi Naiki (Chief of military-police on Kwajalein) (although this has been disputed by historian W. Emerson Wiles who states that Obara and Naiki were willing participants), Abe ordered the execution of the prisoners by beheading on 16 October 1942.
Lt. JG Howard O. Ward mfiled these reports while serving on Guam for Navy Intelligence. Please find the pdf documents to the right of the section. 
Subsequent career.
From 27 December 1943 – 25 April 1945, Abe was Commandant of the Tateyama Naval Gunnery School in Tateyama, Chiba, Japan. Until the end of the war, he served as a commander of base units at Sasebo Naval Base in Kyūshū, Japan.
After the war, Abe was arrested by SCAP authorities and charged with war crimes, largely based on witness testimony regarding the Makin Raid Incident. Abe was extradited to Guam, where a military tribunal convicted him of "violation of the law and custom of war and the moral standards of civilized society." Abe was executed by hanging on 19 June 1947 on Guam.

</doc>
<doc id="9741895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741895" title="2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G">
2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G

Men's Super G World Cup 2004/2005
Final point standings.
In Men's Super G World Cup 2004/05 all results count.
Note:
In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
Men's Super G Team Results.
bold = highest score "italics" = race wins
Note:
The last race saw two winners, both from the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9741898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741898" title="Pui Kiu Middle School">
Pui Kiu Middle School

Pui Kiu Middle School () is a pro Chinese Central Government secondary school in Hong Kong. Located in the Eastern District area of North Point, it has attracted controversy.
History.
The school was founded in 1946 by overseas Chinese investors from Southeast Asia and elsewhere, originally in Pui Kiu Lang Park (around Happy Valley to the Mid-Levels area). In the 1980s it relocated to its current location in Braemar Hill.
Controversy.
When the People's Republic of China was established in 1949, the school announced that it would uphold Communist disciplines in its curriculum. This placed a severe strain on relations between the school and the colonial Hong Kong government, as well as with the local population, whose political opinion tended towards anti-communism.
In the late 1970s, the Hong Kong government, under the education laws, took over the school and reorganized it.
Present day.
Currently, Pui Kiu Middle School is part of the Direct Subsidy Scheme. The campus features a swimming pool, student dormitories, laboratories, computer rooms, classrooms, an indoor dining hall, an auditorium, a library and an indoor stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9741899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741899" title="Youxia">
Youxia

Youxia (Traditional: 遊俠 Simplified: 游侠 Pinyin: "yóuxiá" ) was a type of Chinese hero celebrated in classical Chinese poetry.
Youxia literally means "wandering force", but is commonly translated as "knight-errant" or less commonly as "cavalier", "adventurer", "soldier of fortune", or ‘"underworld stalwart". 
Background.
The term 遊俠 "yóuxiá", "wandering force", refers to the way these men solely traveled the land using force (or influence through association with powerful people) to right the wrongs done to the common people and the monarchy if need be. Youxia did not come from any social class in particular. Various historical documents, wuxia novels, and folktales describe them as being princes, government officials, poets, musicians, physicians, professional soldiers, merchants, and butchers. Some were just as handy with a calligraphy brush as others were with swords and spears.
According to Dr. James J. Y. Liu (1926–1986), a professor of Chinese and comparative literature at Stanford University, it was a person's temperament and need for freedom, and not their social status, that caused them to roam the land and help those in need. Dr. Liu believes this is because a very large majority of these knights came from northern China, which borders the territory of "northern nomadic tribes, whose way of life stressed freedom of movement and military virtues". Many knights seem to have come from Hebei and Henan provinces. A large majority of the characters from the "Water Margin", which is considered one of China's best examples of knight-errant literature, come from these provinces.
In poetry.
One good example of Youxia poetry is "The Swordsman" by Jia Dao (Tang Dynasty):
According to Dr. Liu, Jia’s poem "seems...to sum up the spirit of knight-errantry in four lines. At the same time, one can also take it as a reflection of the desire of all those who have prepared themselves for years to put their abilities to the test for some justice."

</doc>
<doc id="9741917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741917" title="Reverberation (record label)">
Reverberation (record label)

Reverberation is an Australian independent record label distributor. It helps distribute records from independent overseas records labels such as Alternative Tentacles and Eyeball Records, and also for small record labels such as Love Police Records and their own label Reverberation. 
Reverberation was started in 2003 by Russell Hopkinson (You Am I) and Ian Underwood (The Kryptonics).
Representation.
Bands.
The Wright Hill

</doc>
<doc id="9741939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741939" title="Dixie Lullaby">
Dixie Lullaby

Dixie Lullaby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9741946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741946" title="Ventura Rodríguez">
Ventura Rodríguez

Buenaventura Rodríguez Tizón (July 14, 1717 – September 26, 1785) was a Spanish architect and artist. Born at Ciempozuelos, Rodríguez was the son of a bricklayer. In 1727, he collaborated with his father in the work at the Royal Palace of Aranjuez.
Major works.
Ventura's career was remarkably prolific. Between 1749 and 1753, he built the parish church of San Marcos in Madrid. In 1752, he was named the director of architectural studies at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts of San Fernando.
In 1750, he was commissioned with finishing and remodeling the basílica del Pilar of Zaragoza. Earlier plans by Felipe Busiñac, Felipe Sánchez, and Francisco de Herrera the Younger had not satisfied the demands of the municipality, a convenient distance from the river and proper alignment with the icon and other buildings. In the cathedral of Cuenca, Ventura was asked to construct a "Transparente"(a glass-roofed altar complex) similar to that made by Narciso Tomé in the Cathedral of Toledo.
Between 1755 and 1767, he decorated the interior of the church of the Royal Monastery of la Encarnación, in Madrid. Then at his peak of influence, the Bourbon monarchs of Spain, Fernando VI and Carlos III began to favor foreign architects such as the French Jacques Marquet and the Neapolitan Francesco Sabatini (nephew of Luigi Vanvitelli).
However, ensconced in 1766 in a role similar to buildings commissioner for the Council of Castile, Rodríguez played a role in many works. Buildings or renovations needing official approval came to his purview, and often underwent his scrutiny and change. He aided in the design of the Convent of the Philippine Augustines of Valladolid, the college of surgery in Barcelona (1761, home today of the academy of Medicine), the town hall of Haro (1769), and his projects for a new National library and the factory of glass at La Granja.
Rodríguez helped design the Palacio de Liria (1770) ; Palacio de Altamira (1773–1775) (now the European Institute of Design); the Palacio de Boadilla del Monte; the Palacio de Almanzora; and the Palace at Arenas de San Pedro (he also built the Royal Chapel for the Convent/Sancturary of San Pedro de Alcántara). He helped remodel the Palacio Municipal de Betanzos.
Rodríguez was named Maestro Mayor del Ayuntamiento of Madrid in 1764. Among other works are portions of the plaza Mayor de Ávila, the Hospital General de Madrid, the facade of the catedral de Toledo, the Sagrario (1761–1764) of the Cathedral of Jaén, the main retablo for Cathedral of Zamora (1765–1776), which replaced the one by Joaquín Benito Churriguera (brother of José Benito), that had been damaged by the Lisbon earthquake of 1755, the ermita de San Nicasio in Leganés (1772–1780, the baths at Caldas (1773), the sanatorium at Trillo (1775), the jail at Brihuega, and the church at Larravezna. He designed the facade of the cathedral of Pamplona in Neoclassic style. He created the present church at the Monastery of Santo Domingo de Silos; for this project, he almost destroyed all traces of earlier Romanesque constructions. He replaced Lucas Ferro Caaveiro, the original architect, in the rebuilding of the Abbey of San Juan Bautista de Corias in Asturias.
Rodríguez was unable to complete two important commissions, the Puerta de Alcalá (finished by Sabatini en 1764) or the Basilica of San Francisco el Grande in Madrid (Sabatini again in 1768).
He died at Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="9741950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741950" title="Revolt (3 Colours Red album)">
Revolt (3 Colours Red album)

Revolt is the second album from U.K rock band 3 Colours Red.
It was recorded at Rockfield Studios with producer Dave Eringa (Manic Street Preachers) and saw the band going for a more polished and commercial sound, it reached number 17 in the U.K album charts when it was released on Creation Records in 1999 but the band split at their peak after releasing only 2 singles from it, both entered the U.K top 40. An additional EP, "Paralyse", was released prior to the album but was not eligible for the chart as the EP contained more than the maximum number of songs allowed.

</doc>
<doc id="9741971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741971" title="John Kourakos">
John Kourakos

Claim to Fame.
President of Tommy Jeans
Early life.
Born in Manhattan, raised in the Bronx. His mother was a school aide and his father owned a shoe-repair shop.
Education.
Started at Rockland Community College, he transferred to the University at Albany in 1969.
Graduated from the University at Albany with a B.S. in Business(Class of '71)
Work Life.
Van Heusen:Assistant merchandising manager
Joined Salant and Salant and quickly became the merchandising manager
In 1980 he became vice president of sales for Ralph Lauren Womensware.
In 1984 was appointed executive VP of merchandising for Calvin Klein Menswear. A few years later, from 1987 to 1994 he was president of the underwear, sportswear, and jeans divisions of Calvin Klein Industries.
In 1994 he became president of Calvin Klein's Men's and Women's Underwear and Calvin Klein Men's Accessories
Philanthropy.
Donates to the University at Albany Endowment Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="9741988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741988" title="Miss Teen USA special awards">
Miss Teen USA special awards

The following tables list the winners of the special awards given to candidates at the Miss Teen USA pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="9741995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741995" title="Bukawa language">
Bukawa language

Bukawa (also known as Bukaua, Kawac, Bugawac, Gawac) is an Austronesian language spoken by about 10,000 people (in 1978) on the coast of the Huon Gulf, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea. The most common spelling of the name in both community and government usage is Bukawa (Eckermann 2007:1), even though it comes from the Yabem language, which served as a church and school lingua franca in the coastal areas around the Gulf for most of the 20th century. This ethnonym, which now designates Bukawa-speakers in general, derives from the name of a prominent village Bugawac (literally 'River Gawac', though no such river seems to exist) at Cape Arkona in the center of the north coast.
Ethnologue notes that 40% of Bukawa speakers are monolingual (or perhaps were in 1978). This claim is hard to credit unless one discounts both Tok Pisin, the national language of Papua New Guinea, and Yabem, the local Lutheran mission lingua franca. The anthropologist Ian Hogbin, who did fieldwork in the large Bukawa-speaking village of Busama on the south coast shortly after World War II, found that everyone was multilingual in three languages: Tok Pisin, Yabem, and their village language (Hogbin 1951).
Phonology.
Vowels (orthographic).
Bukawa distinguishes the eight vowel qualities. The central mid vowel is rounded, while the low vowel is unrounded. 
Consonants (orthographic).
Glottal stop, written with a "c" as in Yabem, is only distinctive at the end of syllables. The only other consonants that can occur syllable-finally are labials and nasals: "p, b, m, ŋ". Syllable-structure constraints are most easily explained if labialized and prenasalized consonants are considered unit phonemes rather than clusters. The distinction between voiced (vd) and voiceless (vl) laterals and approximants is unusual for Huon Gulf languages.
Tone contrasts.
Vowels are further distinguished by high or low pitch. The latter is marked orthographically by a grave accent. These distinctions in tone are thus based on register tone, not contour tone as in Mandarin Chinese. Register tone contrasts are a relatively recent innovation of the North Huon Gulf languages. While tone is somewhat predictable in Yabem, where low tone correlates with voiced obstruents and high tone with voiceless obstruents, Bukawa has lost that correlation. Nor does Bukawa tone correlate predictably with Yabem tone. Compare Yab. low-tone "awê" 'woman' and Buk. high-tone "awhê" 'woman', both presumably from POc *papine (or *tapine).
Contrastive nasalization.
Final syllables appear to show distinctive nasal contrasts. Anticipation of final nasal consonants causes final vowels to nasalize, even when the final nasal consonant is elided in actual speech. Anticipation of nonnasal codas on final syllables, on the other hand, has caused systematic stopping (postplosion) of syllable-initial nasals, creating a class of prenasalized voiced obstruents that correspond to simple nasals in Yabem, as in the final seven examples in the following table. (See Bradshaw 2010.)
Morphology.
Pronouns and person markers.
Genitive pronouns.
The short, underdifferentiated genitive forms are often disambiguated by adding the free pronoun in front.
Numerals.
Traditional counting practices started with the digits of one hand, then continued on the other hand, and then the feet to reach '20', which translates as 'one person'. Higher numbers are multiples of 'one person'. Nowadays, most counting above '5' is done in Tok Pisin. As in other Huon Gulf languages, the short form of the numeral 'one' functions as an indefinite article.
Names.
Like most of the languages around the Huon Gulf, Bukawa has a system of birth-order names (Holzknecht 1989: 43-45). The seventh son is called "No Name": "se-mba" 'name-none'. Compare Numbami.

</doc>
<doc id="9741997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9741997" title="Pete Brock (American football)">
Pete Brock (American football)

Peter Anthony Brock (born July 14, 1954 in Portland, Oregon, USA) was a center and guard who played twelve professional seasons with the National Football League's New England Patriots. Brock attended the University of Colorado. His younger brother Stan Brock also played with the CU Buffaloes and in the NFL.
Pete played against his brother's (Stan) Team in the Patriots 38-27 win over the Saints at the Superdome on 12-21-80.
Pete played every position of the offensive line for the New England Patriots. He was known as "Mr. Versatility."
Pete played left tackle, long snapper, tight end and wing back during the same series of downs in the Patriots 27-7 victory over the Chicago Bears at Soldier Field on 10-14-79.
He was awarded the game ball as his tore his cartilage in his knee early in the game but played the entire game in the Patriots 17-6 win over the Miami Dolphins at Sullivan Stadium on 11-13-83.
Pete was the starting center 78 times, starting left guard 3 times, starting left tackle 6 times and the starting right guard once in the 154 regular season games that he played for the New England Patriots. He wore #58.
He recovered a fumble by Doug Beaudoin in the Patriots 48-17 rout of the Oakland Raiders at Schaefer Stadium on 10-03-76.
Pete recovered a fumble by Horace Ivory in the Patriots 23-14 victory over the Denver Broncos at Schaefer on 09-29-80.
He pounced on a fumble by Steve Grogan in their 29-28 loss to the Baltimore Colts at Schaefer on 09-06-81.
Pete fell on a fumble by Matt Cavanaugh in their 10-7 loss to the Browns at Cleveland Stadium on 11-21-82.
Pete recovered a fumble by Steve Grogan in their 31-24 loss to the New York Jets at Sullivan Stadium on 10-12-86. 
Pete earned the nickname "Deep Threat" when he caught a 6-yard TD pass from Steve Grogan in the Patriots 38-24 win over the New York Jets at Shea Stadium on 11-21-76. (Pete brought the play from the sidelines and told Steve Grogan in the huddle that the play was "222 to me" rather than 222 Tight End Delay. 
Pete Brock won the Ed Block Courage Award in 1985.
He currently works as the President of the New England Patriots Alumni and announces college football games. Pete has his own segment called "Brock's Breakdown" as part of the pre-game show on 98.5 FM, the Sports Hub in Boston; in 2001 he also replaced Gino Cappelletti as color analyst on the Patriots radio network for the first eight games of that season because of illness to Cappelletti. He also provides motivational speaking and productivity programs for organizations and people of all ages.

</doc>
<doc id="9742018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742018" title="3rd Utah State Legislature">
3rd Utah State Legislature

The 3rd Utah State Legislature was elected Tuesday, November 8, 1898 and convened on Monday, January 9, 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="9742031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742031" title="Bombay Reef">
Bombay Reef

Bombay Reef (, ) is an atoll of Paracel Islands. 
Geography and Alternate names.
In Chinese, the reef is alternatively known as "Pengbojiao" (), or "Qilianyu" (literally "7 key lago") along with six other islands close by. A Chinese-built lighthouse is located here. 
Territorial claims.
Bombay reef is presently administered governed by the People's Republic of China and patrolled by the Chinese border police. Chinese sovereignty claim over the atoll is stated according to the Declaration of the Government of the People's Republic of China on the baselines of the territorial sea (May 15th, 1996). It is also claimed by Vietnam.
According to the PRC, four points on Bombay Reef are the baseline points of the Chinese territorial sea.

</doc>
<doc id="9742035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742035" title="University Link">
University Link

University Link is a future subway light rail extension of Sound Transit's Link light rail system in Seattle, Washington, USA. The line will connect downtown Seattle with the University of Washington via Capitol Hill. The line was approved by the Federal Transit Administration in November 2006. Construction began in late 2008, completion of the University Link Tunnel excavation occurred in July of 2013 and the line is scheduled to begin operation in 2016.
History.
Sound Transit began the federal grant process in August 2005 for a US$750 million grant that would allow Sound Transit to build the $1.9 billion project to connect the University of Washington and Capitol Hill to Downtown Seattle without increasing local taxes. In November 2005, the line received the FTA's best rating of "High". During a visit in November 2006 by Transportation Secretary Mary Peters and Senator Patty Murray, it was announced that the line had passed its third of four milestones to get the grant when it received federal approval to complete its final design. In January 2008, the Federal Transit Administration announced that they would finance $830 million of the cost for the construction of the line after Sound Transit agreed to add $127 million in contingency amounts to cover unseen costs of the tunneling.
After years of negotiations, Sound Transit reached an agreement on disruption and construction 
with the University of Washington in 2007. As part of the agreement, Sound Transit moved the preferred site of the first University station near Husky Stadium and the University of Washington Medical Center, instead of at 15th Ave NE and NE Pacific St. An additional station serving the university will be at NE 45th and Brooklyn as part of the Sound Transit 2 (ST2) package approved by voters in November, 2008.
Route.
University Link is actually a subway, operating underground for its entire route via the University Link Tunnel. It will start at the northernmost stop of Central Link underneath Westlake Center and continue northeast to its first stop beneath Capitol Hill at Cal Anderson Park, near Seattle Central Community College, before heading north to its final stop at the University of Washington near Husky Stadium and the Burke-Gilman Trail. The line originally included a station on First Hill, but due to soil conditions that might increase costs and construction risks, as well as cost-effectiveness requirements, the station was dropped from the route. To make up for the cancelled First Hill light-rail station, a streetcar will connect First Hill to the Pioneer Square and International District neighborhoods.
Equipment.
Kinkisharyo-Mitsui was chosen to design and manufacture low-floor light rail vehicles and provide additional equipment and support. 27 light rail vehicles will be purchased as part of this project, additional to the 35 already purchased for Central Link.

</doc>
<doc id="9742041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742041" title="Yabem language">
Yabem language

Yabem or Jabêm is an Austronesian language spoken natively (in 1978) by about 2000 people at the southern tip of the Huon Peninsula in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea. However, Yabem was adopted as local lingua franca for evangelical and educational purposes by the German Lutheran missionaries who first arrived at Simbang, a Yabem-speaking village, in 1886. 
By 1939, it was spoken by as many as 15,000 people, and understood by as many as 100,000 (Zahn 1940). In the decade after World War II, the mission's network of schools managed to educate 30,000 students using Yabem as the medium of instruction (Streicher 1982). Although the usage of Yabem as a local lingua franca has now been replaced by Tok Pisin, Yabem remains one of the best documented Austronesian languages, with extensive instructional and liturgical materials (including many original compositions, not just translations from German or English) as well as grammars and dictionaries.
Phonology.
Vowels (orthographic).
Yabem distinguishes seven vowel qualities. 
Consonants (orthographic).
Glottal stop, written with a "-c", is only distinctive at the end of syllables. The only other consonants that can occur syllable-finally are labials and nasals: "p, b, m, ŋ". The liquid /l/ is realized as either a flap or a lateral . Syllable-structure constraints are most easily explained if labialized and prenasalized consonants are considered unit phonemes rather than clusters. However, Otto Dempwolff, who greatly influenced the German missionary orthographies in New Guinea, apparently did not sanction labialized labials, preferring instead to signal rounding on labials by the presence of a round mid vowel ("-o- " or "-ô-") between the labial consonant and the syllable nucleus, as in vs. "ômôêŋ" 'you'll come' vs. "ômêŋ" 'he'll come' or "ômôa" 'you'll dwell' vs. "ômac" 'you'll be sick' (Dempwolff 1939). (Compare the orthographies of Sio and Kâte.) 
Tone.
Yabem has a simple system of register tone that distinguishes high-tone syllables from low-tone ones. In the standard orthography, high-tone syllables are unmarked, while the nuclei of low-tone syllables are marked with a grave accent, as in "oc" 'sun' vs. "òc" 'my foot' or "uc" 'breadfruit' vs. "ùc" 'hunting net'. Tone distinctions in Yabem appear to be of relatively recent origin (Bradshaw 1979) and still correlate strongly with obstruent voicing contrasts (although not in its closest relative, Bukawa). Only high tones occur in syllables with voiceless obstruents ("p, t, k") while only low tone occurs in syllables with voiced obstruents ("b, d, g"). The fricative /s/ is voiced in low-tone syllables but voiceless in high-tone syllables. Other phonemes are neutral with respect to tone, that is, they can occur in either high-tone or low-tone environments.
Morphology.
Pronouns and person markers.
Free pronouns.
First person plural inclusive and exclusive are not distinguished in the free pronouns, but are distinguished in the subject prefixes and the genitives.
Genitive pronouns.
The short, underdifferentiated genitive forms are often disambiguated by adding the free pronoun in front.
Subject prefixes on verbs.
Verbs are prefixed to show the person and number of their subjects. (The 1st person plural exclusive and 2nd person plural prefixes are homophonous but can be disambiguated by using the free pronouns in subject position.) The singular prefixes also distinguish Realis and Irrealis mood (which usually translates to Nonfuture vs. Future tense). Each prefix also has a high-tone (H) and a low-tone (L) allomorph to meet the tone requirements of each of five conjugation classes. (See Bradshaw 2001.) 
Possessed nouns.
Alienable vs. inalienable possession.
Preposed genitive pronouns are used to mark alienable possession by humans, as in "ŋoc àndu" 'my house', "nêm i" 'your fish', "nê jàc" 'his brother-in-law (wife's brother)'. Inalienable possession is marked by suffixes directly on the nouns denoting the possessions, which are typically kinship relations and body parts. The underdifferentiated suffixes are often disambiguated by adding the free pronoun in front of the suffixed noun. The final "-i" on the plurals of kin terms is a distributive marker, indicating some but not all of the class to which the noun refers. (See Bradshaw & Czobor 2005:21-29.)
Inherent possession.
Genitive relations for other than humans are not marked by either the genitive pronouns (for alienables) or the genitive suffixes (for inalienables). Instead, inherent possession of nouns as progeny or parts of wholes is marked by a prefix "ŋa-", as in "(ka) ŋalaka" '(tree) branch', "(lôm) ŋatau" '(men's house) owner', and "(talec) ŋalatu" '(hen's) chick'. The same is true of adjectives (attributes of other entities) when derived from nouns, as in "ŋadani" 'thick, dense' (< "dani" 'thicket') or "ŋalemoŋ" 'muddy, soft' (< "lemoŋ" 'mud'). (See Bradshaw & Czobor 2005:26-31.)
Numerals.
Traditional counting practices started with the digits of one hand, then continued on the other hand, and then the feet to reach '20', which translates as 'one person'. Higher numbers are multiples of 'one person'. Nowadays, most counting above '5' is done in Tok Pisin. As in other Huon Gulf languages, an alternate form of the numeral '1' "(teŋ)" functions as an indefinite article. The numeral "luagêc" '2' can similarly function as an indefinite plural indicating 'a couple, a few, some'. The numeral root "ta" '1' suffixed with the adverbial marker "-geŋ" renders 'one, only one', while the numeral '2' similarly suffixed "(luàgêc-geŋ)" renders 'only a few'. Reduplicated numerals form distributives: "tageŋ-tageŋ" 'one by one', "têlêàc-têlêàc" 'in threes', etc. (See Bradshaw & Czobor 2005: 52-54.)

</doc>
