<doc id="9881883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881883" title="Irish Tag Rugby Association">
Irish Tag Rugby Association

The Irish Tag Rugby Association (ITRA) is the official founding body of adult Tag Rugby in Ireland. Since 2000 it has organized nationwide tag rugby summer leagues, with the addition in 2003 of blitz days on weekends and in 2005 of spring leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="9881884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881884" title="Lansdowne Primary School">
Lansdowne Primary School

Lansdowne Primary School () is a Victorian primary school that opened in 1898 in Canton, Cardiff, Wales.
History.
The school was designed by architects Veall & Sant and opened in January 1898.
During the First World War the school was commandeered and used as a military hospital, before reopening as a school again in 1918. The school was badly damaged by incendiary bombs during the Second World War, when a bombing raid hit Cardiff in January 1941. 
In the last 20 years the school has seen the fabric of the building being renovated with new double glazing on the first floor of the Juniors building. In the mid 1990s a nursery school was added and about a year after the schools centenary year the overgrown and neglected nature garden was removed. On the cusp of the new Millennium the long standing headmaster, Mr Davies retired and was presented with a wooden garden bench as a mark of gratitude from staff and pupils. 
In 2001 Lansdowne School and School House were granted grade 2 Listing as historic buildings.
Present day.
There are currently 382 children attending the school from nearly 200 local families. 71% of the children attending the school are from the local area and within walking distance. Lansdowne also has a Nursery Unit.
In November 2007 Cardiff Council proposed to close Lansdowne Primary School to provide a new site for the local Welsh medium primary school, Ysgol Treganna. This proposal culminated in a campaign by parents and children, with two bus loads of protesters arriving outside the Senedd in March 2010 to petition Education Minister, Leighton Andrews, to reject the closure.
On 17 January 2008 Lansdowne Primary celebrated its 110th Birthday. School pupils created a Victorian fair to mark the occasion. 
In November 2011 the school received the CILT Cymru Award for their foreign language teaching and international links.

</doc>
<doc id="9881886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881886" title="Ouled Birri">
Ouled Birri

The Ouled Birri (spelled variously) is a Moorish tribe in the Trarza region of northern Mauritania. It is a Zawia (religious) tribe. The Oulad Birri have produced a number of important Marabouts of the Qadiriyya Sufi tariqa: most famous among them was Shaykh Sidya Baba, who aided the Frenchman Xavier Coppolani in bringing the Mauritanian emirates under colonial rule in the first years of the 20th century. This secured French protection for Zawia tribes from extortion by warrior Hassane groupings, and a prominent position for Sidya Baba and his family in the colonial and postcolonial state.
Other members of the tribe Mauritania's first President, Moktar Ould Daddah; and his half-brother, Ahmed Ould Daddah, who was one of the main contenders in the 2007 Presidential elections in Mauritania.
The tribe generally adheres to the Maliki rite of Sunni Islam, but is associated with Qadiriyya sufism. It has traditionally, like all Moorish tribes, upheld a nomadic or seminomadic way of life.

</doc>
<doc id="9881894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881894" title="Justin L. Barrett">
Justin L. Barrett

Justin L. Barrett (born 1971) is Director of the Thrive Center for Human Development, Thrive Professor of Developmental Science, and Professor of Psychology at Fuller Graduate School of Psychology. He previously held a post as senior researcher of the Centre for Anthropology and Mind and The Institute for Cognitive and Evolutionary Anthropology at Oxford University.
Career.
Barrett earned a B.A. in psychology from Calvin College and a Ph.D in experimental psychology (cognitive and developmental focus) from Cornell University. He served on the psychology faculties of Calvin College and the University of Michigan (Ann Arbor), and as a research fellow of the Institute for Social Research.
Dr. Barrett is a founding editor of the "Journal of Cognition & Culture" and is author of numerous articles and chapters concerning the cognitive science of religion.
Views on Evolution of Religious Belief.
Barrett is described in the New York Times as a "prominent member of the byproduct camp" and "an observant Christian who believes in “an all-knowing, all-powerful, perfectly good God who brought the universe into being,” “that the purpose for people is to love God and love each other.” He considers that “Christian theology teaches that people were crafted by God to be in a loving relationship with him and other people, Why wouldn’t God, then, design us in such a way as to find belief in divinity quite natural?” Having a scientific explanation for mental phenomena does not mean we should stop believing in them. “Suppose science produces a convincing account for why I think my wife loves me — should I then stop believing that she does?”
Why would anyone believe in God.
In his book "Why would anyone believe in God" he suggests that "belief in God is an almost inevitable consequence of the kind of minds we have. Most of what we believe comes from mental tools working below our conscious awareness. And what we believe consciously is in large part driven by these unconscious beliefs." and "that beliefs in gods match up well with these automatic assumptions; beliefs in an all-knowing, all-powerful God match up even better."

</doc>
<doc id="9881898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881898" title="Alexa (name)">
Alexa (name)

Alexa is a female form of Alexander, and is sometimes also a short form of Alexandra, both of which come from the Greek, Alexandros. It can be broken down into "alexo" meaning "to defend" and "ander", meaning "man"' making both Alexa and Alexander mean defender of man.
Modern popularity.
In the United States, the name Alexa first appeared on the chart of top 1,000 most popular baby girl names in the year 1973. It stayed in the lower ranks of the top 1000 until 1986, when it jumped from number 815 to number 431. Popularity continued to climb and Alexa was ranked in the top 100 in the mid-1990s. According to the Social Security Administration, its highest popularity, 39th, was achieved in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9881899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881899" title="Elsa &amp; Fred">
Elsa &amp; Fred

Elsa y Fred ("Elsa and Fred") is a 2005 Spanish-Argentine film co-production directed by Marcos Carnevale and starring Manuel Alexandre, China Zorrilla and Federico Luppi.
Synopsis.
Fred, a recently widowed Spaniard in his 70s who has led a quiet life, retires to an apartment in Madrid. Elsa, a similarly-aged but more colorful Argentinian and a chronic liar, is his neighbor. Fred has no significant health problems but is a hypochondriac. Elsa is seriously ill and undergoing dialysis but hides it from Fred. The two fall in love. Elsa throws Fred into situations the widower would have disapproved of before he met her, making him "live life and not death". Once Fred learns Elsa will probably die, he pays all their expenses for a trip to Rome to fulfill Elsa's lifelong wish of reenacting Fellini's famous scene starring Marcello Mastroianni and Anita Ekberg under the Fontana di Trevi in "La Dolce Vita".
After the trip to Rome, the movie ends with Fred visiting Elsa's grave in Madrid with his grandson. Fred looks at the birthdate on her tombstone and realizes she lied about how old she was and jokingly and affectionately calls her "embustera" (Spanish for "liar").

</doc>
<doc id="9881912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881912" title="Žarko Laušević">
Žarko Laušević

Žarko Laušević (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Лаушевић, ) (born 19 January 1960 in Cetinje, Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian actor. Considered to be one of the most talented actors of his generation, he became a leading actor early in his career. By the age of 33, he was a major star across the former Yugoslavia on both stage and screen, displaying a wide range of dramatic skills.
In July 1993, Laušević entered into a quarrel with a group of local youths, together with his brother. This escalated into a fist fight, culminating in Laušević firing multiple rounds from his handgun, killing two of the youths and seriously wounding one. Sentenced by a Montenegrin (republic) court to prison initially, his conviction was overturned by the Yugoslav (appellate) court on the grounds that the first-instance court had improperly dismissed Laušević's self-defense argument, and the punishment was drastically reduced. Laušević served 4 years and 7 months in prison before his release. But he faced further legal battles. There were appeals by the Montenegrin prosecution, numerous retrials and inconsistent, ad hoc rulings by the Montenegrin court system. In 2001, the prison sentence was reinstated to 13 years by the Montenegrin courts.
In the late 1990s, Laušević left Yugoslavia for the United States. It is speculated that the move was made due to possible revenge by families of the deceased. He has been living in the United States since and is currently fighting deportation proceedings.
Žarko Laušević Biography.
Žarko Laušević was born on January 19, 1960, in Cetinje, Montenegro (one of the republics, a federal unit, that comprised the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia at that time). He fell in love with theater and acting in his early teens, and got his first TV role at the age of eighteen. In 1982, immediately upon graduating from the University of Belgrade’s Academy of Theatrical Arts, he was cast in his first lead film role. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, he received mostly lead roles in 25 movies, 17 TV shows and numerous theatrical productions all across Yugoslavia. During this period, he became one of Yugoslavia's most popular movie and theatrical actors. Although young, handsome and very charismatic, it was his dramatic skills and range as an actor that propelled him to fame across the former Yugoslavia.
Controversy and Tragedy.
In May 1990, Laušević accepted the lead role in a politically controversial theater production. The opening night performance at the Yugoslav Drama Theatre in Belgrade was violently disrupted by nationalist extremists. Subsequently, Laušević started to receive numerous and repeated threats of bodily harm and even death. His car was vandalized around this time. In these violent and turbulent political times of Milošević's Yugoslavia where lawlessness against, and murders of, the regime's opponents often went unchecked by the authorities, these threats were not to be taken lightly. Laušević became increasingly concerned for his own personal safety and that of his family. Upon recommendation of the police, he applied for and was granted a license to carry a gun.
In the early 1990s, Laušević's visible opposition to the civil wars in Yugoslavia (and hence to the Milošević regime) made him a target of ongoing media attacks in the republics of Serbia and Montenegro. He was often harassed when he went to public places.
It was in this charged atmosphere that a tragic event occurred on a hot summer's night in Podgorica (Montenegro). On the evening of July 30, 1993, 33-year-old Laušević appeared at the premiere performance of a theatre production in the coastal town of Budva. Returning to Podgorica, Laušević and his brother, Branimir, stopped at a walk-in fast food kiosk called 'Apple' around midnight. The argument broke out between them and the group of locals hooligans, which escalated into a fist fight. Laušević fired 13 rounds from the CZ-99 gun, which he was licensed for, killing 20-year-old Dragor Pejović and 21-year-old Radovan Vučinić and also wounding Andrija Kazić. Quoting from the closing statement by the judge in his last trial: “Žarko Laušević was beaten on the ground and had the right to defend himself. In this difficult situation, he managed to pull the gun out of his bag and shoot several bullets at the attackers.” Two of the assailants were gravely wounded and eventually died; a third was wounded and fled the scene together with three others.
Legal Battles.
What followed was a 16-year legal ordeal. There were four trials, three different courts considered his case nine times, rendering nine decisions.
Initially, Laušević was convicted of double murder and sentenced to a 15-year prison term (his brother was sentenced to 2 years in prison). This sentence was later reduced on appeal to 13 years. Subsequently, the Yugoslav Federal Court threw out the 1996 conviction. Yugoslavia's highest court determined that the Montenegrin courts incorrectly rejected Laušević's self-defense argument. The 13-year sentence at the retrial was also thrown out on appeal. At the third trial in February 1998, Laušević received a 4-year sentence. He was immediately set free since his time served in prison (4 years and 7 months) exceeded the sentence. Following another appeal, Montenegro's highest court ordered another retrial. At the fourth trial in October 1999, the 4-year sentence was reconfirmed and Laušević remained free.
Seeking refuge from the blood-feud threats repeatedly made against him since the first trial, Laušević left Yugoslavia altogether and joined his wife and daughter in the United States.
In March 2001, while reaffirming the lower court’s factual assessment of the case, Montenegro's Supreme Court made an "ad hoc" change to the verdict by reinstating the 13-year prison sentence. At that time, the Yugoslav federation was disintegrating and Montenegro was boycotting jurisdiction of federal institutions. Montenegro's court system blocked Laušević from exercising his legal and constitutional right of appeal to the Yugoslav Supreme court.
Since 2001, Laušević has been engaged in an unending struggle for reinstatement of his legal and constitutional right of appeal. There was no longer a Yugoslav court system in which to file an appeal. Montenegro declared independence and now has a separate court system. The Serbian court system has no jurisdiction with respect to Montenegrin matters.
Lausevic's Disappearance and Reappearance.
After his release from prison, Laušević did not act for years. He appeared in just two more films but his acting career was effectively finished. He did not appear in another film in Yugoslavia after 1999. Although no public threats were made by the deceased's family, Laušević fled Yugoslavia for the United States. With his departure, he disappeared from the press for the most part, except for sporadic articles which recalled his case and the tragic fall of the popular, young actor. Virtually nothing was known about his life or circumstances in the United States. Laušević did not pursue acting after leaving Yugoslavia and it is rumored that he took manual labor jobs in the U.S.
Eerily, life seems to have imitated art for Laušević. In 1993, prior to his legal troubles, he had taken a role in the film "Bolje od bekstva" (translation: Better than Escape) in which his character is involved in a murder and subsequently flees to the United States.
In July 2009, Serbian press reported that Laušević was detained in the United States due to lack of proper immigrant documentation/status and was facing deportation hearings. Based on these limited news reports, it is assumed that when he entered the United States, he never obtained proper visas or documentation to stay and work. Immediately, his old case and the circumstances were discussed once again in the Serbian and Montenegrin media. There was speculation whether he would be deported from the United States to Serbia or to Montenegro.
In Montenegro, Lausevic would be subject to the outstanding decision of the Montenegro Supreme Court which reinstated the 13-year prison sentence; this would mean he would face more prison time if returned to Montenegro. Technically, he probably has Montenegrin citizenship—he was outside the country when the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro was dissolved, and he was unable to transfer his citizenship to Serbia at the time. However, it is not known for sure what citizenship Laušević has. According to Serbian press reports, his local lawyer raised the issue of Serbian citizenship. If Laušević has Serbian citizenship, he would be deported to Serbia and by-pass the Montenegrin court system. If returned to Serbia, it would be unlikely that Serbia could extradite a "Serbian citizen" to Montenegro, as proscribed by Serbian law. In this situation, the Serbian court system might presumably have jurisdiction to review any outstanding issues related to Laušević and rule on the matter. The Serbian government has provided no indication if it would get involved in this matter.
Laušević has been married twice. His first marriage, which produced a son and a daughter, dissolved after his release from prison.He later married a second time to a woman who worked in film and theatre as well. Laušević has been living with his wife, his wife's daughter from her first marriage, and their daughter in the United States.
Laušević's case in the United States is still pending. He has hired an American lawyer to fight U.S. deportation proceedings.
On December 29, 2011, Serbian president Boris Tadic gave Laušević amnesty from further charges regarding the 1993 double murder.
On February 1, 2012, Serbian deputy Prime Minister Ivica Dačić granted Laušević Serbian citizenship and passport.

</doc>
<doc id="9881916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881916" title="Fairfield Inn">
Fairfield Inn

Fairfield Inn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9881923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881923" title="Bob Kurtz (broadcaster)">
Bob Kurtz (broadcaster)

Bob Kurtz is an American sportscaster, currently broadcasting games for the Minnesota Wild hockey team. He has previously been a play-by-play announcer for the 
Boston Red Sox, Minnesota Twins, Minnesota North Stars, University of Minnesota and Michigan State University.
Kurtz's broadcasting career began at his alma mater Michigan State University, where he called Spartans hockey, football, baseball and basketball from 1974 to 1979. In 1979 he joined KMSP-TV, where he called Minnesota Twins games from 1979–1986 and Minnesota North Stars games from 1979–1984. He was also the North Stars play by play announcer on KXLI-TV during the 1987–88 NHL season. From 1988–1989, he was the sports director at KSTP radio, where he also called University of Minnesota hockey, football and basketball.
Kurtz spent 11 years at the New England Sports Network. He was the network's studio host for Red Sox games from 1989–1992 before becoming the play-by-play announcer. He remained with NESN until joining the Minnesota Wild in 2002. While at NESN, he also called Boston Bruins hockey, Boston University hockey, the Hockey East Game of the Week and the American Hockey League.
Kurtz returned to Minnesota in 2000 when he was hired to become the first radio play by play announcer for the Minnesota Wild. He was reunited with Tom Reid, who he previously worked with while calling games for the North Stars as well as University of Minnesota and Michigan State hockey broadcasts.
When the Twins' first PA announcer, Bob Casey, died before the start of the 2005, Kurtz was appointed interim PA announcer for the 2005 season. Wild PA announcer Adam Abrams replaced Kurtz as PA announcer for the 2006 season.
Kurtz returned to broadcasting for the Twins in 2011 as a part time radio play-by-play announcer to go along with his work with the Wild.

</doc>
<doc id="9881932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881932" title="Pact of Liberal Democrats">
Pact of Liberal Democrats

The Pact of Liberal Democrats ("Patto dei Liberaldemocratici"), also called Segni-Scognamiglio Pact ("Patto Segni-Scognamiglio"), was a liberal and Christian-democratic Italian political party.
It was conceived in 2003 by Mario Segni, Carlo Scognamiglio Pasini (ex-PLI, ex-PL, ex-FI, ex-UDR, ex-UpR, ex-FdL and ex-DE) and Michele Cossa (leader of the Sardinian Reformers), as a centrist party alternative to the centre-left. The party is aimed at changing Italian political system and especially Italian centre-right, which is perceived by its leaders as populist under the leadership of Silvio Berlusconi. The party is basically the continuation of the late Patto Segni.
Segni and Scognamiglio launched PLD in time for contesting the 2004 European Parliament election, in which they hoped to attract many disgruntled centre-right voters. Instead PLD scored only 0.5% (7.4% in Sardinia, where its regional division, the Sardinian Reformers, is aligned with the House of Freedoms).
After that the centre-right decided again to rally behind Berlusconi, Segni and Scognamiglio decided not to present their list for the 2006 general election, in which Berlusconi's Forza Italia scored 23.7% and the Sardinian Reformers elected a Senator, Massimo Fantola, in UDC list.
Currently, the party is a minor force in Italian politics. Mario Segni is in the spotlight for proposing, along with Professor Giovanni Guzzetta, Arturo Parisi, Antonio Martino and Daniele Capezzone, a referendum aimed at changing the electoral system. If this referendum takes place and succeeds, Italy will be close to a two-party political system, as the party which comes first in the election, whatever is its score, will be returned in the Chamber of Deputies with 340 MPs out of 630.

</doc>
<doc id="9881937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881937" title="Dorogomilovo District">
Dorogomilovo District

Dorogomilovo District () is a district of Western Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia. Population: Postal codes: 113000 to 119000.
The district, adjacent to Presnensky, Arbat, and Khamovniki Districts of Central Administrative Okrug, contains a prestigious strip of land along Kutuzovsky Prospekt, Victory Park, and Kiyevsky Rail Terminal.
History.
"This section is based on P.V.Sytin's "History of Moscow Streets""
Original Dorogomilovo "sloboda" was located on the opposite (eastern) bank of the Moskva River, between Khamovniki and Novodevichy Monastery. Peasants of this sloboda, personally free, were paying their taxes with Yam (mail coach) service on the old road to Smolensk, the main link between Moscow and Poland. Smolensk was annexed by Moscow in the course of the Russo-Polish War, and as a result the road was straightened and a new river crossing emerged on site of present-day Borodinsky Bridge. Dorogomilovo sloboda relocated to the western bank, to present-day Dorogomilovo. For the next two hundred years, the new and the old settlements shared the same name. The only other settlement on the western bank was a fishing village owned by Patriarch.
In 1731–1742, when Moscow city boundary expanded to Kamer-Kollezhsky Val limits, Dorogomilovo sloboda was incorporated into Moscow. Gradually, the once-free coach-drivers were stripped of their liberties and reduced to taxpayer peasant status. Former sloboda population decreased from 117 households in 1699 to 24 in 1801. Instead, Dorogomilovo acquired one of Moscow's largest cemeteries (Orthodox, 1771, Jewish, 1788).
In 1812, old Smolensk road witnessed the retreat of Russian troops and Napoleon's conquest of Moscow. The village of Fili, where Kutuzov made his decision to abandon Moscow, is situated just outside of the modern Dorogomilovo District boundary. The French marched to Moscow in three columns, crossing the river in Fili, Dorogomilovo, and Luzhniki. Meanwhile, wounded at Battle of Borodino where dying and buried at Dorogomilovo cemeteries.
Industrial development of the 19th century was slow, due to the regular floods. The main employers in the area was a brewery set on a hill in 1875, still operating as Badayev Brewery (19th century postcard), a dye factory (1883), and a cement plant (1894). Newspapers, describing 1879 flood, wrote that "brewery workers managed to roll out a beer barrel and floated away from the site"... Development was boosted by construction of Bryansky (now Kiyevsky) railroad terminal, originally built in wood (1900 postcard). In 1912, the city built new Borodinsky Bridge, which still stands. New Kiyevsky Terminal, designed by Ivan Rerberg and Vladimir Shukhov in 1912–1914, was completed during the Russian Civil War, in 1920.
Dorogomilovo Cathedral.
Dorogomilovo used to have Moscow's second largest cathedral (after Christ the Saviour, photo), rated for 10,000 worshippers. It was set on the site of present-day corner block at 1 Bolshaya Dorogomilovskaya; there are no reliable explanations why it was built in such a remote and scarcely populated place. Construction of Byzantine Revival Bogoyavlensky Church proceeded from 1898 to 1910. Originally modelled after Christ the Saviour, the design was later changed from five-domed to a single dome, and externally was the most austere of Moscow cathedrals.
Starting in 1918, Bolshevik authorities began harassing the clergy, and in 1922 stripped the church of all silver and gold, causing the Dorogomilovo Riot (April 5–7, 1922). After the demolition of Christ the Saviour (1931), Dorogomilovo Cathedral was the main operating church of Russian Orthodox Church, until its destruction in 1938.
Modern history.
In the 1920s, Dorogomilovo housed some of Moscow's post-war firsts, notably, the first new school (School No. 56 at 22 Kutuzovsky, 1927), the first new hotel ("Kiyevskaya", 1934), and a student campus that gave it name to Studencheskaya Street and a metro station.
In 1935, Dorogomilovo became the site of a major stalinist architecture project. A 2.7-kilometer long stretch of Dorogomilovskaya Street and Mozhaysk highway was zoned for first-rate housing construction; half of the project was actually completed before June 1941. One of these apartment blocks, 26 Kutuzovsky, is known as Leonid Brezhnev's Mikhail Suslov's and Yuri Andropov's home. Construction was completed during post-war years.
In 1938–1950s, Dorogomilovo cemeteries were gradually destroyed and redeveloped; however, for a short time in 1938–1940 and in 1946, relatives were allowed to re-bury the remains at out-of-town cemeteries. Remains of Isaac Levitan were relocated from Jewish cemetery to Novodevichy Cemetery. A railroad track to the brewery was severed from the main line, as a result one can see an IS20 steam locomotive stranded behind factory gates.
Post-war construction was concentrated on the embankments and the beginning of Kutuzovsky Prospect, notably, the Ukraina Hotel Skyscraper (1947–1952). Grand stalinist buildings completed the perimeters of large city blocks; inside, wooden shacks (photo) survived until the 1970s and were replaced with Brezhnev-era standard housing (of better-than-average variety).
Education.
The Embassy of India School Moscow is in the district.
Public transportation access.
Moscow Metro:

</doc>
<doc id="9881948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881948" title="Rival Poet">
Rival Poet

The Rival Poet is one of several 'characters,' either fictional or real persons, featured in William Shakespeare's sonnets. The sonnets most commonly identified as the Rival Poet group exist within the Fair Youth group in sonnets 78-86. Several theories about these characters, the Rival Poet included, have been expounded, and scholarly debate continues to put forward both conflicting and compelling arguments. In the context of these theories, the speaker of the poem sees the Rival Poet as a competitor for fame, wealth and patronage.
Possible candidates.
Among others, George Chapman, Christopher Marlowe, Samuel Daniel, Michael Drayton, Barnabe Barnes, Gervase Markham, and Richard Barnfield have been proposed as identities for the Rival Poet.
George Chapman.
Chapman was a prominent poet and translator of Homer. Scholars speculate that Shakespeare was familiar with his work, having read part of his translation of the "Iliad" for his own "Troilus and Cressida" , a dramatic reworking of Chaucer's epic poem. Chapman wrote "Ovid's Banquet Of Sense", a metaphysical poem seen as a response to the erotic "Venus and Adonis," which incidentally features Shakespeare's most quoted poet, Ovid. In "Shakespeare and the Rival Poet", Acheson conjectures that Chapman's erotic poems were written with a view to gaining Southampton's patronage. The moral tone of "Ovid's Banquet of Sense" eschews the amatory tone of Shakespeare's, and seeks to instill spiritual seriousness in a work that takes the five senses as its Conceits. Chapman's patrons also moved in the same circles as Shakespeare's; thus Shakespeare may have felt insecure about the stability of his own income versus a talented rival. Chapman was both then and now regarded as being particularly erudite, whereas, as Ben Jonson writes, Shakespeare had "small Latine and lesse Greeke.". The latest advocate for Chapman as the rival poet is Evert Sprinchorn (2008).
Christopher Marlowe.
Marlowe was more highly regarded as a dramatist than a poet, his chief poetical work, "Hero and Leander," remaining incomplete at the time of his death (it was subsequently completed by Chapman). Due to Marlowe's relatively small dramatic output as compared with Shakespeare, it's unlikely that he would have been the subject of Shakespeare's sonnets, i.e. considered a serious rival. By the time Shakespeare began his works Marlowe was a well-established playwright but the two had a very important artistic relationship. In his book "The Genius of Shakespeare", Jonathan Bate notes “the two-way traffic between Marlowe and Shakespeare until the latter’s death”. Shakespeare strove to outdo Marlowe and through their artistic competition they would push one another to higher achievements in dramatic literature. This competition could have also motivated the Rival Poet sonnets.
Multiple poets.
It has also been suggested that the Rival Poet is an amalgam of several of Shakespeare’s contemporaries instead of a single person. This is indicated by the fluctuation between singular and plural addresses of the rival(s) in the sonnet sequence. In Sonnet 78 the Speaker refers to other poets who have gained inspiration from the Fair Youth but in 79 the Speaker is only concerned with one “he,” a potentially “worthier pen.” Sonnet 80 continues the singular reference but by 82 the Speaker reverts to the plural “writers”. In 83 he refers to “both your poets” indicating that the Speaker is one poet and the Rival is the other. According to MacD. P. Jackson, Sonnet 86 is “the most powerful of the group the most detailed in its characterization of one specific Rival Poet”. While arguably the most powerful of this sonnet grouping, one cannot neglect the oscillation between singular and plural seen throughout the group as a whole. This discrepancy makes it difficult to isolate one specific poet to claim the title of Rival.
The Speaker’s attitude towards the Rival is also difficult to pinpoint. Some critics, such as R. Gittings, believe that much of the Poet’s comments on his rival should be read as ironic or satiric. Jackson maintains that the Poet's feelings toward the Rival shift between varying degrees of admiration and criticism. This also indicates a multitude of rivals. As the Poet’s confidence ebbs and flows along with his impression of his rival(s), the identity of the rival(s) also fluctuates.
A final defense for the Multiple Rivals Theory relies on a dating of the Rival Poet sonnets between 1598-1600. While this frame of reference has support, so do other possible dates and there will always be controversy regarding dating of individual sonnets. However, if it is assumed that this grouping was published between 1598 and 1600, a publication by Francis Meres comes into play. In 1598, Meres published Palladis Tamia; Wits Treasury with a chapter titled “A Comparative Discourse of our English Poets with the Greek, Latin, and Italian Poets” in which he documents the critical esteem of the poets of the day. Shakespeare received high praise for his dramatic work but Marlowe and Chapman were deemed England’s “two excellent poets”. This, according to Jackson “must surely have helped provoke the Rival Poet series”.

</doc>
<doc id="9881970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881970" title="Simca 9">
Simca 9

The Simca 9 was a French sports car of the mid-1950s, being a development of the Simca 8, from which it differed by being lengthened a bit (a few centimetres or inches) between the rear edge of the door and the bulge of the rear fender, to provide more interior room. 
Its running gear was similar to that of the Simca 8.

</doc>
<doc id="9881978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9881978" title="Fort Tompkins">
Fort Tompkins

Fort Tompkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9882004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882004" title="Mueang Bueng Kan District">
Mueang Bueng Kan District

Mueang Bueng Kan (; ) is a capital district ("Amphoe Mueang") of Bueng Kan province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The district was originally named Chaiburi (ไชยบุรี) and was a part of Nakhon Phanom Province. In 1917 it was reassigned to Nong Khai, and 1939 it was renamed Bueng Kan.
On August 3, 2010, the proposal of separating Bueng Kan Province from Nong Khai Province was approved by Thai government. As in March 22, 2011, the "Act Establishing Changwat Bueng Kan, BE 2554 (2011)" has been published in the Government Gazette. The district became the capital district ("Amphoe Mueang") of the new province, and therefore renamed to "Amphoe Mueang Bueng Kan" by section 4 of the Act.
On occasions during its history, especially during the 1970s and 1980s, there have been some conflicts with the Lao people, being on the border. 
On April 23 1975, the people's armed forces in Bung Kan destroyed an enemy's stronghold, killing 12 and Thai authorities reportedly admitted that 17 were killed eventually out of about 50. In the early 1980s two patrol boats of the Thai KPL reportedly opened fire and two Lao soldiers were arrested in Bueng Kan.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Bung Khla, Seka, Si Wilai, Phon Charoen, So Phisai and Pak Khat of Bueng Kan Province. To the north across the Mekong river is the Laotian province Bolikhamxai.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 12 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 131 villages ("muban"). Bueng Kan is a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Bueng Kan and Wisit. The remaining area of Wisit subdistrict belongs to the subdistrict municipality Wisit. Non Kheng, Ho Kham, Khok Kong and Khai Si are subdistrict municipalities each covering the whole same-named subdistrict. There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO) for those subdistricts not covered by municipalities.
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form the districts Bung Khla and Si Wilai.

</doc>
<doc id="9882012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882012" title="Q Planes">
Q Planes

Q Planes (1939), released in the United States by Columbia Pictures as Clouds Over Europe, is a British spy film directed by Tim Whelan and Arthur B. Woods starring Ralph Richardson, Laurence Olivier and Valerie Hobson. The film was produced by Irving Asher with Alexander Korda as executive producer. The name "Q Planes" may have been derived from the British "Q-ships" that were used as spy and armed merchant vessels in the First World War. The film was helmed by American director Tim Whelan ("Sidewalks of London", and later, in 1940, co-director of "The Thief of Bagdad") who was then in Britain working for Korda at Denham Studios.
"Q Planes" (or in its American guise, "Clouds Over Europe") mixes the genres of spy thriller and comedy romance and was intended to be a star vehicle for Olivier, but Richardson dominates much of the screen with a sardonic take on a spy, either working for Scotland Yard or British Military Intelligence. Released just months before the United Kingdom declared war on Germany in 1939, the film is a precursor to the "strongly nationalistic, anti-German films that would reach their zenith in Britain during the war years".
Plot.
Before the Second World War, advanced British aircraft prototypes carrying experimental and highly secret equipment being developed under government contract are regularly vanishing with their crews on their test flights. No one can deduce the problem, not even spymaster Major Hammond (Ralph Richardson) or his sister Kay (Valerie Hobson), a newspaper reporter who is working undercover in the works canteen used by the crews at the Barrett & Ward Aircraft Company.
At first Major Hammond is seen as an outsider at the aircraft factory, even by Mr. Barrett, the owner (George Merritt), but he soon finds a friend in a star pilot, Tony McVane (Laurence Olivier) who helps him try to unravel the case. Hammond becomes convinced that the company secretary at the factory, Jenkins (George Curzon), is a foreign agent and "mole", but Jenkins is killed by unseen gunmen before he can give up the names of his contacts. 
The mystery remains unsolved when McVane returns to the aircraft factory, determined to make the next test flight. His aircraft, like the others, is brought down by a powerful ray beamed from the "S.S. Viking", a mysterious salvage ship manned by a foreign crew. Along with his aircraft, McVane and his flight crew are taken hostage on the ship, where he discovers many other missing airmen have suffered the same fate. Gathering up weapons, McVane leads the British survivors in an attempt to take control of the ship. Major Hammond learns the truth and directs a Royal Navy ship () to come to their rescue. 
In a short coda, Kay and McVane get together and Hammond learns, to his chagrin, that his longtime lady friend has married.
Production.
Period airports and aircraft including the Airspeed Envoy and de Havilland Tiger Moth are featured in the aerial scenes. The Brooklands racetrack, which also was an important aeronautical centre, was used as a backdrop for the aerial sequences on the ground.
Reception.
Considered a pre-war harbinger of a conflict with Germany and the role of spies in combating foreign agents, when screened in the United States, under the intriguing title of "Clouds Over Europe", the film received a very positive review by Frank S. Nugent of "The New York Times". Initially thinking the film may be a documentary, with newsreel footage of London starting the film, the scenes soon turn into "... one of the wittiest and pleasantest comedies that have come a capering to the American screen this season...""Variety" reviewers also considered it had a "...refreshing tongue-in-cheek attitude; whole thing is bright, breezy and flavorsome." 
The dapper character played by Richardson was reputedly the model for the character of John Steed in the 1960s television series "The Avengers", according to Brian Clemens, one of its creators.
Screenwriter Jack Whittingham later collaborated with Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory for a James Bond film screenplay about a hijacked aircraft that was used for the novel "Thunderball" and the film version.
Home release.
The film was released on video by Carlton Home Entertainment in 1991, and on DVD in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9882015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882015" title="Lee Seung-jae">
Lee Seung-jae

Lee Seung-jae is a South Korean film producer.

</doc>
<doc id="9882060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882060" title="Kawasaki C-2">
Kawasaki C-2

The Kawasaki XC-2 (previously C-X) is a mid-size, twin-turbofan engine, long range, high speed military transport aircraft being developed by Kawasaki Heavy Industries (KHI) for the Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF).
Development.
After researching foreign aircraft like the C-130J Super Hercules, C-17 Globemaster III, and Airbus A400M, the Ministry of Defense (Japan) concluded that no aircraft had the capabilities the JASDF required. The MOD decided to develop its own transport aircraft. In 2001, the MOD had decided on requesting a new transport aircraft, planning to buy 40 aircraft to replace its aging Kawasaki C-1 and C-130 Hercules fleets.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries was chosen to develop the aircraft, in parallel with the P-X to cut costs, sharing major airframe parts and system components; using the same basic wing structure, although it is installed at different sweep angle and dihedral on the two versions, with different high lift devices and powerplant attachments. As of 2007, the total development cost for the two aircraft has been 345 billion yen (or roughly equal to $2.9 billion), which is comparably low to similar programs. The development contract for the P-8 Poseidon alone is $3.89 billion.) Kawasaki also intends to sell a commercial model able to fly on commercial airline routes.
During the construction of the first prototype there was a problem with some American-made rivets which delayed the roll-out to July 4, 2007 along with its cousin aircraft P-X (now P-1). Structural testing also revealed deformation of the XP-1 / XC-2 horizontal stabiliser as well as cracking in the XC-2 undercarriage trunnion structure and parts of the fuselage. First flight of the XC-2 took place on 26 January 2010.
According to the "Chunichi Shimbun", the aircraft will cost about 10 billion yen per plane (about US$80 million). Postponement of the F-X program and the need to increase funding of the F-15J fleet modernisation program have necessitated a one-year delay in the C-2 program. Re-designated C-2 before the firstflight at Gifu Air Field, on 26 January 2010, the first flight was carried out without problems and the aircraft delivered to the Japan Ministry of Defence on 30 March 2010.
The plane was delayed again in 2014 when the rear cargo door failed during pressure tests. The delay will increase the program cost by 40 billion yen ($390 million) to 260 billion yen.
Design.
The aircraft is being developed to meet the following requirements of the Ministry of Defense: a minimum payload of 26 tonnes, 120 ton (240,000 lb 108.8 tonnes) take-off weight, ability to land on short runways, (e.g. Tachikawa—900 m), a maximum payload of 37.6 tons (75,200 lb 34.1 metric tonnes) whilst taking off from a 2300m Take-off Field Length at a 141 tons (282,000 lb 127.9 tonnes) take-off weight, ability to fly international airway routes, tactical flight management system, automatic load/off-load system, in-flight refuelling and nightvision systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9882105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882105" title="Bryan MacDonald">
Bryan MacDonald

Bryan MacDonald (born 1980) is an Irish playwright, theatre director, and journalist. Best known in Ireland for being the Dubliner's Diary columnist in The Evening Herald and theatre critic of The Daily Mail, he has also contributed to RTÉ, "The Dubliner" and "Vanity Fair". MacDonald was born in Kilkenny, Ireland. 
In 2004, MacDonald joined the crew of the HBO western drama television series "Deadwood" as a writer for the first season. The series was created by David Milch and was set in a growing town in the American West. MacDonald wrote the episode "Mister Wu". He returned as a writer for the second season in 2005 and scripted the episode "The Whores Can Come".

</doc>
<doc id="9882117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882117" title="Alex Lawless">
Alex Lawless

Alexander Graham "Alex" Lawless (born 26 March 1985) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Luton Town as a midfielder.
Lawless began his career with the Cardiff City youth system before playing for Welsh Football League team Ton Pentre. He joined FA Premier League team Fulham in 2003 and he was released in 2005. He spent a season in the Football League with Torquay United, before joining Forest Green Rovers in the Conference National. He spent three seasons with them, winning the club's players' player of the season award in the 2007–08 season and playing in the Final of the Conference League Cup. He joined York City in 2009 and played for them in the 2010 Conference Premier play-off Final at Wembley Stadium. He signed for current club Luton Town, initially on loan, in 2010. After taking part in two unsuccessful play-off campaigns with the club, Lawless was part of the Luton side that won the Conference Premier title and promotion to the Football League in the 2013–14 season.
He has represented Wales at various levels. He earned two caps for the under-19 team, before making one appearance for the under-21 team in 2006. He has made two appearances for the Semi-Pro team, making his debut against Italy in 2007 and scoring against England C in a 2–1 defeat in 2008.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Tonypandy, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Lawless was educated at Tonypandy Comprehensive School and he began his career with the youth system of Cardiff City. After being released by Cardiff he stayed at school and studied for his A-levels. He later played for Welsh Football League Division One team Ton Pentre, making 33 league appearances and scoring 10 goals in the 2002–03 season; this included two goals in a 9–0 victory over Milford in December 2002. Following a six-week trial, he signed professional terms with FA Premier League team Fulham on 21 August 2003.
Torquay United.
He was released by Fulham in May 2005, and he was offered a trial with League Two team Torquay United in July. Lawless signed for the club on a free transfer and manager Leroy Rosenior said "It's important that the supporters are patient with these youngsters and give them time to learn and develop". He made his debut on 6 August 2005 in a 0–0 draw at home to Notts County, although he only lasted 26 minutes before being replaced by substitute Tony Bedeau. He picked up another injury in November 2005, and made his return after three months of not playing by starting in a 1–0 victory over Bristol Rovers on 17 December 2005. His final appearance of the 2005–06 season came in a 2–0 defeat to Lincoln City in February 2006.
Forest Green Rovers.
Lawless joined Conference National team Forest Green Rovers on non-contract terms on 4 August 2006. He made his debut in a 1–0 defeat to Dagenham & Redbridge on 12 August 2006. Lawless scored his first goal for the club with a "spectacular" strike from long-range to give Forest Green the lead against Morecambe on 24 February 2007, but they went on to lose 3–1. He finished the 2006–07 season with 40 appearances and one goal. He scored the only goal for Forest Green in their 1–0 victory over Crawley Town on 10 February 2008, after scoring in the 73rd minute. After playing for the Wales Semi-Pro team manager Jim Harvey was worried over Lawless' fitness, although he was able to play in Forest Green's following game against Cambridge United. Lawless made 41 appearances and scored three goals for Forest Green as they earned their highest ever finish of eighth in the Conference Premier in the 2007–08 season. He won the players' player of the season award, being described as the team's unsung hero.
On the opening day of the 2008–09 season he filled in at right-back due to an injury to Kris Thomas and scored with a 20 yard strike to give Forest Green a 1–1 draw against Kettering Town. He garnered praise from Harvey, who said Lawless had a "super game". A hip injury forced him to miss a game against Northwich Victoria in September 2008, before making his return later that month in a 3–0 defeat to Stevenage Borough. During a game against former club Torquay on 23 September 2008 he suffered an ankle injury which forced him to miss three games. He made his return in a 2–2 draw with Cambridge United on 16 October 2008. He then picked up a hamstring injury and in his return scored with a "fierce" long-range strike to give Forest Green a 1–0 victory over Mansfield Town on 22 November 2008. Following this game, his hamstring tightened and was ruled out for a month due to a back injury. After making good progress with the injury he returned in a 1–1 draw with Kidderminster Harriers on 26 December 2008.
Lawless scored against Championship team Derby County with a "superb finish past Carroll from a tight angle" after evading the opponent defence in an FA Cup third round tie on 3 January 2009, which put Forest Green 2–0 up, although they went on to lose 4–3. He missed Forest Green's FA Trophy tie against Redditch United because of a hamstring injury, as well as the semi-final of the Conference League Cup against Woking. He made his return in a 2–1 defeat to Eastbourne Borough on 17 January 2009 and was substituted in the 64th minute as a precaution. After missing the match against Histon because of a one-match suspension, Lawless contributed with an assist and a goal on his return against Northwich on 18 February 2009, after heading from a corner kick for John Hardiker to score and himself finishing with a goal from close range. He was forced to miss games against Cambridge United and Kidderminster in April due to a stomach illness, and he made his return in the 2009 Conference League Cup Final, which was lost 3–0 to AFC Telford United on a penalty shoot-out, after a 0–0 extra time draw. His season ended prematurely after he suffered a broken leg against York City following a heavy challenge on 21 April 2009, with an X-ray confirming his fibula endured a hairline fracture. He completed the season with 39 appearances and six goals and Harvey hoped his budget would allow for Lawless to stay at the club.
York City.
Lawless signed for Conference Premier rivals York City on a one-year contract on 17 June 2009, despite there being two Football League clubs looking to sign him. He made his debut in a 2–1 defeat to Oxford United on 8 August 2009. After suffering from a virus he was forced to miss a game against Cambridge United in September 2009, and he recovered ahead of York's game against Kidderminster. He scored his first goal for York with the only goal in a 1–0 victory over Gateshead on 24 November 2009. He pulled his hamstring in a 1–0 defeat to Eastbourne on 27 February 2010 and made his return as a 64th minute substitute in a 4–0 victory at Grays Athletic on 30 March. He played in both legs of York's play-off semi-final victory over Luton Town, which finished 2–0 on aggregate. He started in the 2010 Conference Premier play-off Final at Wembley Stadium on 16 May, which York lost 3–1 to Oxford. He finished the season with 45 appearances and one goal for York.
Lawless made his first appearance of the 2010–11 season in the opening game, a 2–1 defeat to Kidderminster on 14 August 2010. He scored his first goal of the season with York's second in a 3–1 victory at Tamworth on 25 September 2010.
Luton Town.
On 8 November 2010, Lawless joined York's Conference Premier rivals Luton Town, initially on loan, with a permanent transfer due to take place in January 2011. York were reluctant to let him leave, but relented when Luton increased their original offer on three occasions. He made his debut in a 1–0 defeat at Wrexham on 11 November 2010 and, in the following game, Lawless scored his first Luton goal with the winner in a 1–0 victory at Altrincham. Lawless signed for Luton permanently for an undisclosed fee on a one-and-a-half-year contract on 5 January 2011. His first appearance after signing was as a 74th minute substitute in a 0–0 draw at Bath City on 8 January 2011. After the departure of fellow midfielder Andy Drury to Ipswich Town in late January 2011, Lawless played a much more prominent role in a Luton side that eventually finished the 2010–11 season third in the table. He scored the opening goal, a 35 yard strike described as "superb", in Luton's 3–0 play-off semi-final first leg victory away at Wrexham. He then played in the 2–1 home victory in the second leg, and in the 2011 Conference Premier play-off Final against AFC Wimbledon at Wembley he missed the opening penalty kick in the penalty shoot-out, which Luton lost 4–3.
During the half-time break of Luton's 3–0 defeat away at his former club York on 24 September 2011, Lawless broke his hand after punching a wall out of frustration, resulting in him being ruled out for around a month and being handed a fine by his club. He played in Luton's 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final 2–1 defeat at Wembley, coincidentally against York, on 20 May 2012. Lawless signed a one-year contract extension in July 2012, despite poor performances during the 2011–12 season making him a target for fans.
Manager Paul Buckle praised Lawless for his "quality... hard work and... discipline" following his 100th appearance for the club in December 2012. He scored the winning goal with a volley into the bottom corner in Luton's 1–0 victory over Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers in the FA Cup third round on 5 January 2013, and was voted as the competition's Player of the Round. Lawless finished the season with 48 appearances and five goals. His performances saw him voted by both Luton supporters and his teammates as the club's Player of the Year for the 2012–13 season; a marked turnaround from the previous year. He signed a new two-year contract with Luton in May 2013 after having talks with two unnamed League One clubs.
Lawless was sidelined with a groin injury at the beginning of the 2013–14 season, and did not make his first start until 17 September in a 3–0 victory against Dartford, in which he scored one goal and set up another. This victory provided the springboard for Luton to embark on a 27-game unbeaten run in the league, in which Lawless was heavily involved, scoring five further times and contributing ten assists. After playing in 32 games and scoring six goals, including many games in an unfamiliar position as a left midfielder, he missed the final part of the season due to injury. On 15 April 2014, with three games to spare, Luton won the Conference Premier title and were promoted to League Two; this was Lawless' first title and promotion as a player.
International career.
Lawless earned two caps for the Wales under-19 team and he made his only under-21 appearance in a 1–0 defeat against Northern Ireland on 28 February 2006, eventually being substituted for Marc Williams on 84 minutes. He made his debut for the Wales Semi-Pro team in their 4–2 defeat to Italy on 14 November 2007. He was part of the semi-professional team to play against England C in February 2008, and he scored in their 2–1 defeat with a shot from 20 yards. He was named in the team to play Finland in November, although he was forced to miss the game because of an injury.
Style of play.
Lawless is able to play as a right or left midfielder, a central midfielder and a right-back. While being equally comfortable playing at any of these positions, he prefers to play in a midfield role. He has also played in the hole and has given a composed performance as a second striker. His play as a right midfielder is "skilful" and he has been described as being "comfortable on the ball, a good passer, mobile and with an eye for goal". Stevenage Borough manager Graham Westley described him as a player "who impresses me with his consistency". After signing for York, manager Martin Foyle said "He is a great all rounder, a technically good footballer and has a very professional attitude towards the game." His partnership with Neil Barrett in the central midfield for York drew praise from teammate Richard Brodie, who said "The midfield two worked really well together and picked up the second balls. Alex Lawless was flawless and he should be playing in the Football League".
Personal life.
After joining York City in 2009, Lawless moved into a house with teammates Neil Barrett, James Meredith, Richard Pacquette and Danny Parslow. He has an interest in art, which he studied as a GCSE, saying "I wouldn’t mind trying to make a living from it one day but my main priority is football". He is a Manchester United supporter and attention to his interest in art was first drawn after producing a painting of manager Alex Ferguson.

</doc>
<doc id="9882118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882118" title="Mazda Stadium">
Mazda Stadium

, often called , is a baseball stadium in Minami-ku, Hiroshima, Japan. It is used primarily for baseball and is the home of the Hiroshima Toyo Carp of the Japanese Central League. The ballpark has a capacity of 32,000 people and opened on April 10, 2009. It replaced First Hiroshima Municipal Stadium and initially retained the old ballpark's official name. The stadium architecture is considered to resemble an American-style retro-classic ball park.
Naming rights.
On November 6, 2008, Hiroshima City gave Mazda Motor Corporation naming rights to the stadium. In October of that year, Mazda proposed to call the stadium "MAZDA Zoom-Zoom Stadium Hiroshima" for the period between April 1, 2009 and March 31, 2014. On December 24, 2008, Mazda entered into a contract with the City of Hiroshima regarding the stadiums name and made official the abbreviated name "".

</doc>
<doc id="9882124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882124" title="Groene Hart">
Groene Hart

The Groene Hart (English: Green Heart) is a relatively thinly populated area in the Dutch Randstad. The major Dutch cities of Rotterdam, Den Haag, Leiden, Haarlem, Amsterdam and Utrecht lie around this area. Other cities inside the Groene Hart include Zoetermeer, Alphen aan den Rijn, Gouda, Woerden and the smaller cities of Schoonhoven, Oudewater, Haastrecht, Nieuwkoop, Montfoort, Waddinxveen, Bodegraven and Boskoop.
The Groene Hart is characterized by its rural character which contrasts the urban areas around it. Agriculture, nature and recreation are the primary activities in the Groene Hart, where residents and urban visitors can often find rest and many green spaces. The bird species Black-tailed Godwit, Northern Lapwing, and Eurasian Oystercatcher can all be found in the area.
History.
Since the Dutch Golden Age there has been a ring of cities surrounding a green and open central area. This area was given the nickname of "Groene Hart" by the middle of the twentieth century.
The Groene Hart developed in the area between the large cities in western Netherlands as an area of wet meadows and marshland. These wetlands were not suitable for building but instead were used for agriculture and peat production.
Geography.
The Groene Hart is a water-rich area, with bodies of water such as Langeraarse Plassen, Nieuwkoopse plassen, Reeuwijkse plassen, the Kagerplassen and the Braassemermeer. In addition, rivers such as the Hollandse IJssel, the Oude Rijn, the Lek, the Vlist, the Loet, the Rotte, and the Meije run through the area.
One of the European footpaths runs through the area. In the Netherlands this is known as the Floris V-pad, part of the Dutch LAW 1-3 path.
Dutch government policy.
The Dutch government policy was created in 2003 to preserve the Groene Hart. It allows for the larger cities on the edge of the Groene Hart to build limited amounts of housing. The government also limits the establishment of greenhouses and other types of commercial buildings within the area. 
The upcoming plan for the development of the Groene Hart includes four areas:

</doc>
<doc id="9882125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882125" title="Ad Turres">
Ad Turres

Ad Turres was the name of several different places in antiquity:
Turres may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9882126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882126" title="Masum Shah">
Masum Shah

Minaret of Masum Shah ()
The minaret of Nizam-ud-Din Mir Muhammad Masum Shah is the most conspicuous structure of Sukkur town, dating back to 1607 during the Mughal Empire in the Indian subcontinent. Masum Shah was the governor of Mughal Emperor Akbar who appointed him as the Nawab of Sukkur. The minaret was built in about 1607 the monument, built of red brick, is more or less conical in shape, slightly off the perpendicular and surmounted by a dome to which an internal stone staircase gives an access. It is about 26 metres in circumference and has 84 steps to the top. It is about 31 metres feet in height and can be seen from miles away. This minaret is believed to have been used as a watch tower.
Family and offspring of Nizam-ud-Din Mir Muhammad Masum Shah still lives in old sukkur where He lives during ruling time. The minaret and its surroundings are still under power of Masumi Family even though Government of Pakistan has taken the management control of this historical site.
Mir Masoom Bakhree.
Mir Masoom Shah Bakhri () was a sixteenth-century Sindhi Muslim historian, physician and pharmacist from Sukkur, Sindh (modern-day Pakistan). He was a trusted lieutenant of the Mughal emperor Akbar. Among other medical works, he wrote one of the popular history books "Tareekh-e-Masoomi".and also wrote a lok katha sassi punhoon in new style.his father name is Siffai.
See also.
Sukkur

</doc>
<doc id="9882157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882157" title="Midlothian Council">
Midlothian Council

Midlothian Council is one of the 32 local authorities of Scotland. Midlothian's administrative centre is based in Dalkeith and it covers an area from the south of Edinburgh to the Borders.
It covers an area of 355.27 km² and a population of 79,710. It currently employs 4,000 people.
Political Management System.
Midlothian Council operates a cabinet-based decision making model working collaboratively with the Council and Performance Review Committee. Each cabinet member has a portfolio of responsibilities.
Political composition.
Four political parties are represented in the council. In the election of May 2012 the SNP won 8 seats, Labour 8, the Scottish Greens 1, and 1 independent.

</doc>
<doc id="9882173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882173" title="Catherine Ferry (East River)">
Catherine Ferry (East River)

The Catherine Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Brooklyn in the United States, joining Catherine Street in Manhattan and Main Street in Brooklyn across the East River.
The ferry, originally known as the New Ferry, was established on August 1, 1795 to supplement the Fulton Ferry (Old Ferry). It eventually passed into the hands of Samuel Bowne, who sold it to Cyrus P. Smith and William F. Bulkley on March 24, 1852. Being unable to compete with the one-cent fare adopted by the Brooklyn Union Ferry Company in November 1850, it was sold to the new Union Ferry Company of Brooklyn (the successor to the Brooklyn Union) in December 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="9882180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882180" title="Langerin">
Langerin

CD207, langerin (Cluster of Differentiation 207) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "CD207" gene. Langerin is a type II transmembrane, C-type lectin receptor on Langerhans cells.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is expressed in Langerhans cells which are immature dendritic cells of the epidermis and mucosa. Additionally its known by the name "C-type lectin domain family 4 member K (CD antigen CD207)". It is also expressed in several other dendritic cell types including dermal CD103+ DCs and splenic CD8+ DCs. Langerin is localized in the Birbeck granules, organelles present in the cytoplasm of Langerhans cells and consisting of superimposed and zippered membranes. It is a C-type lectin with mannose binding specificity, and it has been proposed that mannose binding by this protein leads to internalization of antigen into Birbeck granules and providing access to a nonclassical antigen-processing pathway.
Clinical significance.
Langerin on mucosal Langerhans cells of the human genital epithelium binds to HIV-1 and subsequently internalizes it into Birbeck granules to be degraded.

</doc>
<doc id="9882188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882188" title="Han Jeong-hyeop">
Han Jeong-hyeop

Han Jeong-hyeop () is a South Korean screenwriter.
He wrote "The Beast and the Beauty" screenplay in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9882193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882193" title="Massa (gorilla)">
Massa (gorilla)

Massa (1930 - 30 December 1984) lived to be 54 years old, and until 2008 was the longest lived gorilla ever recorded. 
Massa was born in the wild in Ghana. He was shipped to America at an early age and his first owner was Brooklyn eccentric Gertrude Lintz. In 1935, after accidentally spilling water on Massa, which startled him severely, Mrs. Lintz decided to sell him to Philadelphia Zoo.
In his prime, Massa weighed 400 lbs. 
Massa lived at the zoo until his death from a stroke on 30 December 1984, following a special birthday party held by the zoo, complete with a special cake and a live dixieland band. He was buried within the grounds of the zoo.
The film "Buddy" was based on the life of Massa (with some elements from the life of another of Mrs. Lintz's gorillas, Gargantua, who was known at the time as Buddy).

</doc>
<doc id="9882199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882199" title="In a Lifetime">
In a Lifetime

"In a Lifetime" is a pop song performed by Irish artists Clannad and Bono. It was written by brothers Pól Brennan and Ciarán Brennan and produced by Steve Nye. The single was released in January 1986, and was the third single to be released from Clannad's eighth studio album "Macalla" (1985). It charted well in many countries including USA, Ireland, UK, Italy and Brazil. It is one of Clannad's most successful songs and it remains as Bono's most successful solo effort.
The single was re-released in 1989 with a change of artwork on the cover and a different B Side ("Indoor"). The song also appears on Moya Brennan's 2008 live album "Heart Strings" and on Triniti's début album.
Music video.
The video was shot in Clannad's hometown of Gweedore, County Donegal, Ireland. It is set in 1930's Ireland and it is based on the lives of local folk around this time. It shows young children walking along a narrow road in the countryside, followed by a hearse. It also shows old men drinking in a pub. The video, which was directed by Meiert Avis, was praised for its haunting portrayal of the Irish countryside and old Irish traditions.
Track listing.
7" vinyl (TS 025 / PB 40535)
12" vinyl (PT 40536)
1989 Re-release.
In 1989, to promote Clannad's 'best-of' compilation, ""Pastpresent"", "In A lifetime" was re-released. The song was the first single from the compilation. The single was released on four formats, which included a picture disc version of the 7" vinyl release.
Tracklisting.
7" vinyl & cassette
12" vinyl
5" compact disc
1993 Jameson Whiskey re-release.
In 1993, in connection with an advertising campaign for James Whiskey, both "Theme from Harry's Game" and "In A Lifetime" were re-released in The Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="9882207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882207" title="Ad Turres (Bruttium)">
Ad Turres (Bruttium)

Ad Turres was an ancient town of Bruttium on Via Aquilia, 18 miles from Ad Sabbatum and 13 miles from Angitula. It has been identified with either Maida (by Hazlitt's Classical Gazetteer) or Lamezia Terme ().

</doc>
<doc id="9882212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882212" title="Twink Caplan">
Twink Caplan

Twink Caplan (born December 25, 1947) is an American actress, comedian, and producer. She is probably best known for her roles in the box office hits "Clueless" and the "Look Who's Talking" series. As a producer, her best-known projects were "Clueless" (associate producer) and its television spin-off (executive producer).
Biography.
Caplan was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She is probably best known for her role as Miss Geist in the 1995 box office hit "Clueless", which starred Alicia Silverstone. Caplan went on to Executive Produce and reprise the role of Miss Geist in the ABC TV series "Clueless".
At Sony Pictures Entertainment in 2000, Caplan produced "Loser", starring Jason Biggs and Mena Suvari. Caplan played Mena's best friend, Gena a strip bar worker.
In 2007 Caplan produced the romantic comedy "I Could Never Be Your Woman", also appearing in the film as Michelle Pfeiffer's costume designer, Sissy. The film marked her twenty-year acting reunion with Pfeiffer, who had played her best friend in "Falling in Love Again".
In the 1989 box office hit "Look Who's Talking", Caplan played the flirty best friend of Kirstie Alley, the female lead. She returned as Rona in the moderately successful first sequel "Look Who's Talking Too" (1990), with Elias Koteas as her love interest. She (and Koteas) declined to appear in the financially unsuccessful second sequel "Look Who's Talking Now" (1993).
Caplan played the Home Economics teacher in the television series "Fast Times", with Courtney Thorne-Smith, Patrick Dempsey, and Wallace Langham. In "A Night at the Roxbury" (1998), Caplan played against Will Ferrell; she worked with Bonnie Hunt as the nosey neighbor duo living next door to Demi Moore and Judge Reinhold.
In 2012, Caplan appeared as "Katie" in "Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie", with Tim Heidecker, Eric Wareheim, John C. Reilly, Will Ferrell, and Zach Galifianakis.
Caplan played the dance teacher in the television series "Community" in season 1 episode 14 entitled "Interpretive Dance" (2010).
Caplan has also played B. Lawney, a waitress with Richard Gere in "The Flock" (2007), directed by Andrew Lau; Mary Benett, a hard-edged bus driver for ""; and a past-her-prime movie star desperate for a come-back in "Secrets of a Hollywood Nurse". Caplan appeared as Harry Dean Stanton's wife in "9 Full Moons" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="9882233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882233" title="Małgorzata Braunek">
Małgorzata Braunek

Małgorzata Braunek (30 January 1947 – 23 June 2014) was a Polish film and stage actress. In 1969 she graduated at Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts in Warsaw. She was a former wife of director Andrzej Żuławski and the mother of actor and film director Xawery Żuławski.
Braunek was a long-time practitioner and teacher of Zen Buddhism. In 2011 she received shiho from Dennis Genpo Merzel. 
On 23 June 2014 Braunek died from cancer at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="9882238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882238" title="Longhedge Railway Works (Battersea)">
Longhedge Railway Works (Battersea)

Longhedge railway works was a locomotive and carriage works built by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway in the borough of Battersea, South London to serve their new London terminus at Victoria. The facility existed between 1862 until the mid-1950s.
History.
Construction.
In 1860 the directors of the London, Chatham and Dover Railway decided to purchase of land, formerly part of the Long Hedge farm in Battersea, to establish their new locomotive works and motive power depot. The site was on the south side of the London and South Western Railway main line at Stewarts Lane. By February 1862 an erecting shop for twelve locomotives, and a running shed for 26 locomotives had been completed, and by the end of the year a carriage works was also completed on the site. Further extensions were made in 1875/6 and 1880/1.
Activities.
The new works was initially used by the locomotive superintendent William Martley for the repair and rebuilding of the existing locomotive stock, with new locomotives obtained from outside contractors. However, in 1869 he began the construction of three new "Enigma" class 2-4-0 locomotives there. However, it was not until the appointment of William Kirtley as locomotive superintendent in 1876 that the works were again used for new construction with further examples of Martley’s "Europa" class 2-4-0 locomotives, Kirtley’s own T class 0-6-0T and his M1, M2 and M3 class 4-4-0 express passenger locomotives. Following Kirtley’s retirement in 1898 on the formation of the South Eastern and Chatham Railway, Ashford became the major locomotive works for the new company, but the new Locomotive, Carriage & Wagon Superintendent H. S. Wainwright used Longhedge works for the construction of some examples of his SECR C class 0-6-0 freight locomotives in 1902–04. Thereafter the works was used for heavy repairs until 1911, when much of the equipment and machinery was transferred to Ashford, leaving only the capacity to undertake light repairs associated with the adjoining Stewarts Lane motive power depot.
The site today.
After the creation of the Southern Railway in 1923, the nearby Battersea depot of the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway was closed and Stewarts Lane grew to become the largest steam motive power depot of the system. Most of the buildings of Longhedge works were demolished in 1957 to make way for a new depot for servicing electric trains. The site is now occupied by the Stewarts Lane Traction Maintenance Depot.

</doc>
<doc id="9882269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882269" title="James Berrett">
James Berrett

James Trevor Berrett (born 13 January 1989 in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England) is an Irish professional footballer currently playing for League One side Yeovil Town and the Republic of Ireland U21 as a midfielder.
Career.
Huddersfield Town.
Breakthrough to first team.
Berrett is a product of the Huddersfield Town academy, he made his début at Boundary Park when he came on as a 69th minute substitute in the 1–1 draw with Oldham Athletic in April 2007.
Berrett made his full debut in Huddersfield's third round FA Cup win over Premier League side Birmingham City on 5 January 2008. The following week he made his first full league debut in Huddersfield's 3–1 defeat at home to Gillingham.
His first goal for the Terriers came in the 3–2 win against Bristol Rovers at the Memorial Stadium on 22 March 2008.
On 13 May, he signed a new two-year deal at the Galpharm Stadium. On 6 August, he scored to give Huddersfield the lead in their centenary match against Arsenal at the Galpharm Stadium where Town lost 2–1 in the end.
2008–09.
Since Stan Ternent's departure as Huddersfield manager, caretaker boss Gerry Murphy has deployed Berrett in a sweeper role as part of a back five. Then, following Lee Clark's decision to revert to the 4–4–2 formation, Berrett found himself out of the team again, but following an illness to Anthony Pilkington, just before the game against Crewe Alexandra in February 2009, he got back in the starting line-up and scored a goal, but Huddersfield lost the match 3–1.
He signed a contract extension which will keep him at the Galpharm until 2012.
2009–10.
Berrett made nine appearances only stating two with seven coming off the bench in the 2009–10 season. He made his first appearances of the season coming on as a sub in Huddersfield's League Cup second round tie away at Newcastle United coming on as a substitute in the 56th minute for Lee Peltier. His first start of the season came in Huddersfield's 1–0 away defeat at Colchester United on 3 October. His first home game didn't come until 12 December 2009, when he came on as a 90th minute substitute in Huddersfield's 2–1 home win over Gillingham.
Carlisle United.
After being put on the transfer list by manager Lee Clark, Berrett left the Galpharm to join fellow League One side Carlisle United on a free transfer on 6 July 2010.
Also, Berrett is known for his ' long range goals ' this comes after goals from in between 35–50 yards.
Berrett is Carlisle United's main set piece taker. On 11 June it was confirmed that Berrett was signing a new 2-year deal with Carlisle.
International career.
Berrett has three caps for the Republic of Ireland Under-18 team, and helped them win the Four Nations Tournament in Portugal.
He also has three caps for the Republic of Ireland U-19 team. The last of those coming on 25 March 2008, against France U-19's.
On 2 May 2008, he received his first call-up to the Republic of Ireland U-21 team for their Intercontinental Cup matches in Malaysia with team-mate Michael Collins. On 15 May 2008, he made his debut for the Ireland Under-21's in a 3s–1 win over Malaysia Under-23's.

</doc>
<doc id="9882291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882291" title="Flagstaff Fort">
Flagstaff Fort

A Patriot Redoubt built in June 1776, located on Signal Hill at the narrows on Staten Island. Site of an earlier 1663 blockhouse by De Vries (not named or listed). Taken by the British in 1776 and by July 1779 a redoubt with gun platforms for 26 cannon were built. In 1782 had five bastions. Evacuated 1783. Later the site of Fort Tompkins in 1806, that along with others grew into Fort Wadsworth.

</doc>
<doc id="9882292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882292" title="Cresconius (bishop of Iria)">
Cresconius (bishop of Iria)

Cresconius () ( 1036 – 1066) was an 11th-century bishop of Iria Flavia and Santiago de Compostela in Spain who succeeded Vistruarius.
Cresconius was a supporter of King Ferdinand I of Castile and educated Ferdinand's son, García II of Galicia and Portugal, who would later be crowned by Cresconius himself as king of Galicia, Spain.
Like his contemporary Odo of Bayeux, Cresconius was a "warrior bishop" and during a Viking invasion of Galicia, he gathered an army and defeated the invaders. He fortified Castellum Honesti ‒ a castle known today as Torres do Oeste which once stood in Catoira, Spain ‒ with the goal of blocking future invasions via the estuary, Ría de Arousa, and also built the city walls of Santiago de Compostela.
Cresconius and the Primacy of Santiago.
Cresconius believed that because Santiago was the burial place of Saint James the Greater, his see naturally occupied a superior place amongst the dioceses of the West as an "apostolic see." To this end, he proclaimed himself "Episcopus Iriensis et Apostolicae Sedis". However, this assumption was not supported by Rome and Pope Leo IX excommunicated him at the Council of Rheims (1049). Nevertheless, Cresconius continued using this title, and the bishops of Lugo, Dumio, Oviedo, and Oporto acknowledged his authority and primacy.
In 1060, he presided over the Council of Compostela where he prohibited the use of weapons by clerics, and also forbade that clerics be married. He opened parochial schools and fought pagan superstitions in existence even before the Roman conquest of Galicia.

</doc>
<doc id="9882330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882330" title="Maryland Route 129">
Maryland Route 129

Maryland Route 129 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland, running north-northwesterly from downtown Baltimore into Baltimore County, ending east of Reisterstown. The route leaves downtown on the one-way pair of McCulloh Street and Druid Hill Avenue, and then uses the entire length of Park Heights Avenue to the end. MD 129 connects Downtown Baltimore with Druid Hill Park using McCulloh Street and Druid Hill Avenue. As Park Heights Avenue, the state highway is one of two primary radial routes (with MD 140) in the northwestern part of the city, providing access to The Maryland Zoo and Pimlico Race Course. In Baltimore County, MD 129 passes through Pikesville, where it has a junction with Interstate 695 (I-695) and serves an affluent rural area north of Pikesville and east of Reisterstown.
Route description.
MD 129 begins at Franklin Street, the westbound direction of US 40, in the Seton Hill neighborhood of Baltimore. Both routes are one-way pairs: MD 129 begins northbound as Paca Street and ends southbound as Pennsylvania Avenue; the eastbound US 40 follows Mulberry Street one block to the south. Paca Street and Greene Street, the southern continuation of Pennsylvania Avenue, continue south as MD 295. MD 129 passes along the edges of the pentagonal block that contains St. Mary's Park, St. Mary's Seminary Chapel, and the Mother Seton House, which along with nearby Orchard Street United Methodist Church lie within the Seton Hill Historic District. North of St. Mary's Park, northbound MD 129 veers northwest onto McCulloh Street and southbound MD 129 makes its way from McCulloh Street's partner to the west, Druid Hill Avenue, to Pennsylvania Avenue via either St. Mary Street, a one-way street in the wrong direction which follows the northwest side of St. Mary's Park, or Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, which both McCulloh Street and Druid Hill Avenue intersect two blocks to the northwest.
The one-way pair of MD 129 passes between the Upton neighborhood to the southwest and Madison Park to the northeast. Both streets pass through Druid Heights, where they intersect North Avenue, which carries US 1 and US 40 Truck. MD 129's constituent streets pass between the Reservoir Hill neighborhood to the northeast and Penn–North to the southwest. McCulloh Street and Druid Hill Avenue come together as Auchentoroly Terrace (also known as Swann Drive) at Druid Park Lake Drive, where MD 129 starts to follow the southwestern edge of Druid Hill Park and the northeastern edge of the Woodbrook neighborhood. Northbound MD 129 has three to five lanes while the southbound direction has three travel lanes. The boulevard passes the Howard Peters Rawlings Conservatory and Botanic Gardens of Baltimore then intersects Liberty Heights Avenue, which becomes MD 26 west of MD 140, and Greenspring Avenue, which enters the park and provides access to The Maryland Zoo. One block north of that intersection, MD 129 meets MD 140 (Reisterstown Road) at an oblique directional intersection that prevents direct access from northbound MD 129 to southbound MD 140 and from northbound MD 140 to southbound MD 129, movements which are provided via Liberty Heights Avenue.
MD 129 and MD 140 follow eight-lane divided Reisterstown Road for three blocks between Druid Hill Park and the Liberty Square neighborhood to the west. At Druid Park Drive, the two routes diverge, with MD 129 heading north onto six-lane divided Park Heights Avenue. MD 129 and MD 140 parallel each other one block apart through the Park Circle neighborhood, site of the Park Circle Historic District, and into Central Park Heights, where the two routes intersect Cold Spring Lane and then veer away from each other. Park Heights Avenue becomes a four-lane undivided highway shortly before Belvedere Avenue, where the highway passes the western edge of Pimlico Race Course, the site of the Preakness Stakes. MD 129 passes between the Pimlico neighborhood to the northeast and Arlington to the southwest, then intersects Northern Parkway. The state highway passes through the affluent Glen neighborhood and between the heavily Jewish neighborhoods of Cross Country to the northeast and Fallstaff to the southwest before intersecting Slade Avenue at the northwest corner of the city of Baltimore, just north of Temple Oheb Shalom.
Once in Baltimore County, MD 129 veers north, reduces to two lanes, and passes between the Suburban Park Golf Course to the west and the Dumbarton Historic District on the east. At the north end of both complexes, the state highway intersects Old Court Road, which heads east as MD 133. MD 129 passes Druid Ridge Cemetery before temporarily expanding to a four-lane divided highway for its half-diamond interchange with I-695 (Baltimore Beltway). The east leg of the intersection with the exit ramp from eastbound I-695 is Brooks Robinson Drive, which is unsigned MD 129A and connects MD 129 with the complementary half-diamond interchange at Stevenson Road. A short distance north of I-695, MD 129 exits Pikesville and enters a rural area with scattered estate residences. The state highway crosses Jones Falls and intersects MD 130 west of the hamlet of Stevenson. North of Caves Road, MD 129 passes to the east of Caves Valley Historic District and through the affluent Worthington area before reaching its northern terminus at Garrison Forest Road east of Reisterstown.
History.
Park Heights Avenue was paved from the Baltimore city limits near Cold Spring Lane north to Caves Road by 1910. The avenue was proposed for improvement south to Reisterstown Road. There were also plans to improve Park Heights Avenue north to its current terminus and extend the avenue toward northern Baltimore County along the route following by Garrison Forest Road, Greenspring Avenue, Tufton Avenue, Mantua Mill Road, Green Road, Butler Road, and Falls Road north to Mount Carmel Road. The segments along Butler Road and Falls Road became part of MD 128 and MD 25, respectively. The remainder of the route north of MD 129's terminus remained county roads. Park Heights Avenue between Cold Spring Lane and Reisterstown Road and Reisterstown Road south to Liberty Heights Avenue were paved in concrete by 1921. By 1923, Park Heights Road between Caves Road and Garrison Forest Road was paved in macadam, completing the highway in Baltimore County. That same year, Druid Hill Avenue was reconstructed with concrete from Paca Street to Druid Hill Park. The portion of Park Heights Avenue from Cold Spring Lane to Belvedere Avenue was reconstructed with concrete in 1924 and 1925. McCulloh Street was paved with concrete around 1933. By 1950, Park Heights Avenue was expanded to a divided highway from Reisterstown Road to Belvedere Avenue. Druid Hill Avenue and McCulloh Street became a one-way pair by 1955. Auchentoroly Terrace was completed by 1963, thus completing MD 129's modern route within the city of Baltimore.
Auxiliary route.
MD 129A is the designation for Brooks Robinson Drive, which spans between MD 129 and Stevenson Road parallel to the eastbound direction of I-695 in Pikesville. MD 129A is a two-lane road that connects the complementary half-diamond interchanges between I-695 and MD 129 at the west end of the highway and Stevenson Road at the east end. MD 129A was assigned no later than 1972. The highway was formerly known as Radio Tower Drive. In 2007, the route was renamed for Brooks Robinson, the Baltimore Orioles Hall of Famer.

</doc>
<doc id="9882337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882337" title="Miles Mentor">
Miles Mentor

The Miles M.16 Mentor was a 1930s British single-engined three-seat monoplane training and communications aircraft built by Miles Aircraft Limited.
Design and development.
The Mentor was developed from the Miles M.7 Nighthawk to meet the Air Ministry Specification 38/37 for a three-seat cabin monoplane for use in a communications role. The requirement asked for the aircraft to able to carry out instrument and radio training in day or night.
Operational history.
The first prototype (Serial "L4392") first flew on 5 January 1938. An order for 45 aircraft was received and they were all delivered to the Royal Air Force between April 1938 and February 1939. They were mainly used by No. 24 Squadron and by RAF station flights. 
Only one aircraft survived the Second World War, Serial "L4420" was sold for civilian use in May 1946 as "G-AHKM". It crashed on 1 April 1950 at Clayhidon, Devon and was destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="9882340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882340" title="Gaerwen">
Gaerwen

Gaerwen is a village on the island of Anglesey, Wales. It is located in the south of the island west of Llanfairpwllgwyngyll and southeast of Llangefni . The A5 runs through the village, and the A55 runs just a few hundred metres north.
Facilities in Gaerwen include four public houses, two car dealerships, three churches, one Mormon meeting house, and a garden centre in the south portion of the village. 
It is very much a village of the old and new with two disused windmills in the north of the village and a modern industrial estate making up the south west portion of the village.
There is a war memorial at the heart of the village to pay tribute to those who have fallen in both World Wars . The village is probably most famous, however, for housing the southernmost station of the Anglesey Central Railway which was in use between 1864 and 1993. It was also used on the Bangor to Holyhead mainline until 1963.
Star is a small settlement consisting of a few hundred houses just east of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9882341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882341" title="Coalition for Open Government">
Coalition for Open Government

The Coalition for Open Government was a political pressure group formed in the late 1970s to promote open government in New Zealand. The Coalition disbanded in the-mid 1980s but re-formed in April 2007, in response to Government plans to rewrite the election finance laws.
History.
The group was formed in opposition to thethen Prime Minister Robert Muldoon's Think Big programme. It sought to allow greater access to government-held information. The pressure it exerted was important in the adoption of the Official Information Act 1982.
Patrons.
The group's patrons are Lloyd Geering, Patricia Grace, Anton Oliver and Paul Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="9882344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882344" title="Shindand, Herat">
Shindand, Herat

Shindand () is a town and the center of the Shindand District, Herat Province, Afghanistan. It is located at at 1066 m altitude. The Shindand Air Base is located about 15 miles northeast of the town.
Shindand is at the northern end of Zirko Valley, which is one of main centers of poppy production in western Afghanistan. The town is located south of Adriskan, where a large police training facility exists. The population is mixed, includes Pashtuns, Tajiks and others. The main languages spoken in the area are Dariand Pashto. During the Soviet war in Afghanistan (1979-1989) the 5th Guards Motor Rifle Division was headquartered in the town.
Shindand is the biggest district in Afghanistan.
Etymology.
The name "Shindand" means "green pond" in Pashto.
Shindand Air Base.
The Shindand Air Base is located about 15 miles to the northeast of the town, which currently occupied by Afghan and NATO's International Security Assistance Force. It is a former Soviet airfield, repaired by U.S. forces. The area is flat and arid, with foothills to the north and west. The Kandahar–Herat Highway, which is part of Afghanistan's Highway 1, passes next to the Shindand Air Base. A free medical clinic supported by the Afghan National Army (ANA) provides free medical care for the population of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="9882357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882357" title="Mike Torode">
Mike Torode

Michael W. Torode was the second Chief Minister of Guernsey. He was voted in by the States of Deliberation on 5 March 2007 and his term expired on 30 April 2008.
Torode succeeded Laurie Morgan following the Fallagate scandal that led to the whole Policy Council of Guernsey resigning en masse in February 2007. Prior to being Chief Minister, Torode's government position was that of Minister of Home Affairs. 
Torode has been a member of the States of Guernsey since 1979. He was initially a Deputy representing St. Martin and later a Conseiller, elected bailiwick-wide. He was latterly a Deputy representing the South East electoral district.

</doc>
<doc id="9882360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882360" title="Fortza Paris">
Fortza Paris

Fortza Paris ("Forward Together") is a regionalist political party in Sardinia.
The party was launched in 2004 at the merger of the Sardinian People's Party, Sardistas and Unity of Sardinian People. Its self-proclaimed ideology comprises "all what the 20th Century had it good", including Christian democracy, liberalism, social democracy and federalism, but it is basically a Christian-democratic party. In fact, its main component had emerged from the regional section of the United Christian Democrats.
In the 2004 regional election FP won 4.6% of the vote and three regional councillors.
In the 2005 provincial elections a member of FP, Pasquale Onida, was elected President of the province of Oristano, where the party's share reached 11.4%.
In the 2008 general election party leader Silvestro Ladu was an unsuccessful candidate for The People of Freedom (PdL) for the Senate. Later that year, several FP members, including Onida, Ladu and other two regional councillors (one coming from the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats) joined the PdL, while a minority, led by Gianfranco Scalas, did not. In the 2009 Sardinian regional election Ladu and other two FP members, Domenico Gallus and Renato Lai, were elected to the Regional Council for the PdL, while Scalas, who was a candidate of a joint list with the local Movement for the Autonomy, failed to do the same.
In 2009 a former leader of Fortza Paris, Adriano Aversano, launched Lega Sarda, that aimed at becoming the Sardinian "national section" of Lega Nord. In fact, in that very year the federal leadership of Lega Nord supported the creation of Lega Nord Sardinia.
In the 2010 provincial elections the party suffered a general decline in term of votes, except in its stronghold Oristano, where it won 9.9% of the vote.
In the 2014 regional election the party won a mere 0.7% of the vote and was evicted from the Regional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9882368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882368" title="Binge Records">
Binge Records

Binge Records is a Brooklyn, NY based indie rock record label that was founded by Dennis Tyhacz and Luke McCartney in January 2004. "Signs of Life" by Nemo was the label's first release. Other releases on Binge Records include "The Calling" by The Sound Mirrors in 2007, and "Burn Away" (EP) by The Good Bad Guys in March 2009.
See also.
[http://www.leftoffthedial.com/Nemo_Signs.htm] Review of Signs of Life
[http://www.independentclauses.com/id277.html] Interview with Dennis Tyhacz & Luke McCartney
[http://www.bingerecords.com/index2.html] Binge Records website

</doc>
<doc id="9882423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882423" title="Sid Ahmed Ould Bneijara">
Sid Ahmed Ould Bneijara

Sid Ahmed Ould Bneijara (born 1947) was briefly the Prime Minister of Mauritania in 1980-81.
He was first appointed by Col. Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidallah of the Military Committee for National Salvation (CMSN), on December 12, 1980, to replace Haidallah himself. Ould Bneijara, who was not a military man, was to lead the return to civilian government.
On April 25, 1981, less than five months later, Ould Bneijara was again dismissed, after Col. Haidallah had decided to reinstate military rule. This came as a result of the March 18 attempt at a coup d'état by the Alliance for a Democratic Mauritania (AMD). His successor, Col. Maaouia Ould Taya, would in 1984 depose Col. Haidallah and himself rule the country until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9882427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882427" title="Presidio Fire Department">
Presidio Fire Department

Established in 1917, the Presidio Fire Department provided primary emergency response to the Presidio of San Francisco.
During the 1940s, '50s and '60s the Presidio's Firehouse served as the headquarters station to a much larger department consisting of many Stations located at the various forts around San Francisco such as: Fort Baker, Fort Barry, Fort Funston, Fort Mason, Fort Winfield-Scott, Fort Cronkhite, Chrisy Field, and Angel Island along with fire prevention duties and air show fire protection at Hamilton Air Force Base after its closure and prior to its transfer to the City of Novato. Although most of the firehouses have long since been demolished, some still stand such as those located at the Presidio of San Francisco's Main Post, Fort Cronkhite, Fort Mason and Angel Island. The National Park Service maintains the daily log books dating back to the 1940s from several of the department's stations in the Park Archives of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area and they are available to the public for viewing.
Over the years the Presidio Fire Department was reduced and left with two fire stations. Fire Station 1 was located in the Presidio of San Francisco's Main Post and Fire Station 2 was located in the Marin Headlands at Fort Cronkhite. In 1994, as a result of the Presidio of San Francisco's closure under the Base Realignment and Closure act the Presidio Fire Department and staff was transferred from the Department of the Army to the National Park Service and became the only full-time fire department within the National Park Service under the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, Division of Visitor Protection. However, as indicated by report #RECD-00-154 issued by the Government Accountability Office in 2000; the National Park Service as a whole was unable to effectively operate its various fire protection programs throughout the country. The GGNRA was no exception to this, and after years of struggling attempting to operate the Presidio Fire Department, the GGNRA began exploring options to rid themselves of the management burden of running a full-time fire Department.
Current status.
Station 1.
On August 27, 2010, responsibility for fire protection services was transferred to the San Francisco Fire Department under contracts for services between the SFFD, National Park Service and the Presidio Trust. The SFFD now operates out of the existing firehouse (Building 218) in the Presidio as SFFD Station 51.
Station 2.
On November 10, 2010, in violation of a Federal Labor Relations Authority Arbitrator's recent ruling to increase staffing and meet response time standards, Station 2 was closed permanently by the National Park Service and the remaining employees were laid off. Fire protection services are now provided under contract from the Southern Marin Fire Protection District located 5.5 miles away in downtown Sausalito. Fire Station 2 (Building 1045) and its apparatus now sit unused at Fort Cronkhite.
History.
Early history.
In the late 19th century, Presidio soldiers gained notoriety for fighting wild fires in California’s National Parks. After the 1906 earthquake, Presidio troops came to the assistance San Francisco during the fire that followed, eventually stopping it at a firebreak that they dynamited along Van Ness Avenue. However, the army received much criticism from city residents, who claimed the dynamiting operations were disorganized and people were removed from their houses long before the fire was a threat.
Within the Presidio, the army was plagued by fires in the old wooden buildings, many of which were more than 50 years old, had flammable roofs and open, coal-burning fireplaces with defective flues. In addition, the Presidio had no professionally trained firefighters and lacked a good fire prevention plan.
A catalyst for change.
A series of fatal fires at the Presidio in the early 1900s culminated in the notorious Pershing fire of 1915. This fire killed four members of General John Pershing’s family. Mrs. Pershing, the daughter of Senator Francis E. Warren of Wyoming, and three of the four Pershing children suffocated in the early morning hours after coal from an unattended dining room fireplace fell to the floor, leading to a quick-spreading fire in the old wooden house.
Establishment.
After the Pershing fire, Senator Warren led a congressional mandate for improved fire fighting resources at the Presidio. At the same time, San Francisco fire chief Thomas Murphy recommended establishing a permanent fire company at the Presidio. Based on Chief Murphy’s recommendations and encouraged by an embarrassed U. S. Government, the army built a fire station in 1917. The new Presidio Fire Station was the first on any U.S. Army post to house a permanent fire company with trained firefighters.
Presidio firefighters to the rescue.
Response to the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake showed how much the Presidio Fire Department had changed since the early years. Firefighters from the department proved it to be a well-trained and effective “first response” organization. A mutual response agreement – not used since the 1906 earthquake – between the army and the San Francisco allowed the city to request Presidio Fire Department support for a house fire in the Marina. The Presidio crew was first to reach the fire at Beach and Divisadero. Actions taken by the Presidio Department at that time prompted commendations from Congresswoman Barbara Boxer, the Marina Neighborhood Organization, and the Phoenix Society, a highly regarded firefighters’ organization.
A National Park Service first.
In 1994, management of the Presidio was transferred from the Department of Defense to the Department of the Interior. At that time, the Presidio Fire Department became the only National Park Service fire department to be staffed 24 hours a day. The National Park Service has focused on a new role for the modern firefighter, that of a well-trained emergency paramedic. The importance of this expanded role for firefighters is evident in that 90% of emergency calls are for paramedic units, making the Presidio Fire Department a vital “first response” station for the Presidio community.
Restoration.
The Presidio Fire Station was recently rehabilitated to bring it up to earthquake code, and to enlarge it to accommodate modern fire fighting equipment. Many of the original features of the historic 1917 structure were restored, such as the historic wood windows and sectional apparatus bay doors. Non-historic additions were removed, and a new wing compatible with the original building architecture was added. Finally, elements of the historic landscape were brought back to the site, which is very prominent to visitors arriving at the Main Post.

</doc>
<doc id="9882432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882432" title="South Ferry (ferry)">
South Ferry (ferry)

The South Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining Whitehall Street (Manhattan) and Atlantic Avenue (Brooklyn) across the East River. Though the ferry is no longer operated, the name is still in use on the Manhattan side for the area around the foot of Whitehall Street, where the Staten Island Ferry lands (see South Ferry, Manhattan).
History.
The South Ferry Company established the South Ferry on May 16, 1836 to connect Lower Manhattan to the Long Island Rail Road branch, newly opened a month before to Jamaica and now called the Atlantic Branch. The Fulton Ferry Company, which then operated only the Fulton Ferry, merged with the South Ferry Company in 1839 to form the New York and Brooklyn Union Ferry Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9882447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882447" title="Hangursbanen">
Hangursbanen

Hangursbanen is a cable car in Voss, Norway. It is 1126 metres long and has a top altitude of 660 above sea level. It is owned and run by Voss Resort AS, a local ski resort in Voss.
The cable car goes from ca 500 metres from the train station at Voss, up to the Hangursrestaurant, which is in the same building as the cable car top station.
The cable car runs in winter, in the skiing season and in summertime.
There are two cabins on the lines, the Dinglo (red) and the Danglo (blue), which goes on each own side, but on the same cable. When one is at top, the other one is at the bottom. The names come from the swaying from side to side which is "dingling" in Norwegian slang.
Hangursbanen can go 8 M/S when going for full power.
History.
Hangursbanen was built in 1963 by Hordaland Mekaniske Verksted and Swiss engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="9882460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882460" title="Thomas Coward">
Thomas Coward

Thomas Alfred Coward, MSc, FZS, FRES, MBOU (8 January 1867 – 29 January 1933), was an English ornithologist and an amateur astronomer. He wrote extensively on natural history, local history and Cheshire.
Life.
He was born at 8 Higher Downs, Bowdon, Cheshire (now Greater Manchester) on 8 January 1867, the fourth and last child of Thomas and Sarah Coward. His father was a Congregational minister and in business as a partner in the firm of Melland and Coward, textile bleachers. Coward's siblings were Charles, Alice and Annie.
After an education at Brooklands School, Sale and at Owens College (now Manchester University), Coward worked in the family business for 19 years, before it was taken over by the Bleachers' Association. His share of the proceeds from the sale of Melland and Coward was sufficient to allow him to retire from business and concentrate on his love of wildlife and the study of birds, which had developed as a child. He began writing articles on natural history for newspapers including "The Liverpool Daily Post", "The Chester Cournant" and "The Manchester Guardian" for which he wrote the "Country Diary" column until his death. General interest magazines for which he wrote included "The Field" and "Country Life" and in specialist journals such as "The Zoologist", "Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London" and "British Birds".
His first book was "The Birds of Cheshire", published in 1900, when he was living in Hale. His three-volume "The Birds of the British Isles and their eggs" (1920–1925) was illustrated by Archibald Thorburn and was "acknowledged as being the book that did more to popularise the study of birds than any other publication produced during the first part of the twentieth century". It was revised by Arnold Boyd for a new edition in 1950.
He co-wrote articles and books on ornithology with Charles Oldham, a former schoolmate.
He married his cousin Mary Milne in 1904. There is a Blue Plaque at his former home, Brentwood Villa, 6 Grange Road, Bowdon, to which he moved in 1911.
On his death, the Cotterill Clough Nature Reserve was bought, by public subscription, in his honour.
All of his field notes are archived at in the Department of Zoology at Oxford.
Bibliography.
Coward wrote a number of books on local history, natural history and birds:

</doc>
<doc id="9882472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882472" title="Renegade Rocket">
Renegade Rocket

"Renegade Rocket" is the 16th episode of "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons", a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson. Written by Ralph Hart and directed by Brian Burgess, it was first broadcast on 19 January 1968 on ATV Midlands. In this episode, Spectrum fights to stop a hi-jacked incendiary rocket from destroying an unknown target.
Plot.
Space Major Reeves, rocket expert and friend of Colonel White (voiced by Donald Gray), finishes a tour of Cloudbase. As the Major returns to the island military facility Base Concord by yacht, Captain Black uses the Mysterons' power to induce nausea from the shore; while on deck for fresh air, Reeves falls into the sea when part of the side railing collapses, and is drowned by the yacht's slipstream. A Mysteron reconstruction of Reeves arrives at Base Concord and hi-jacks the control room, shooting the officer on duty; it then arms an incendiary Variable Geometry Rocket and launches it under the security codeword "ZERO". The duplicate escapes in a J17 fighter carrying the Flight Program Unit, the result being that Base Concord's personnel have no way of knowing where the VGR will strike, or which of the 10,000 registered codewords will remote-activate the rocket's self-destruct system. Additionally, for reasons unknown, the VGR is not registering on radar. The base commander contacts Cloudbase and White dispatches Captains Scarlet (Francis Matthews) and Blue (Ed Bishop) to the island, while also launching the Angel squadron to find the J17. Reeves is quickly intercepted but refuses to surrender the unit, damaging Melody Angel's (Sylvia Anderson) aircraft with the J17's machine gun and forcing her to eject before she crashes into the sea.
Scarlet, Blue and the Base Concord personnel realise that the VGR's invisibility to radar must be the effect of travelling on vertical ascent and descent flightpaths – therefore, the rocket's target can only be Base Concord itself. When a substitute unit arrives, the personnel start to run through all possible self-destruct codewords in alphabetical order despite the hopelessness of the situation. In the air, Rhapsody Angel (Liz Morgan) commands Reeves to surrender, but the Mysteron agent commits suicide by deliberately crashing the J17, sending the original unit to the ocean floor. Three minutes before impact, by which time everyone except Scarlet and Blue has been evacuated, White radios Base Concord to instruct his officers to leave. However, in a last-ditch attempt to save the base, they ignore the order and continue to input codewords. "AMEN", though fitting, is rejected; at the same moment, an ocean current knocks over the original unit, and the shock triggers the self-destruct seconds before impact. On returning to Cloudbase, Scarlet and Blue initially believe that they miraculously succeeded in finding Reeves' codeword; when the true cause of the VGR's destruction is uncovered, White reprimands the officers for their insubordination. However, the Colonel elects not to appoint a court-martial, being all too aware of the value of Scarlet and Blue's bravery in the fight against the Mysterons.
Music.
Incidental music for "Renegade Rocket" was recorded alongside music for the episode "Operation Time" in a four-and-a-half-hour studio session conducted by series composer Barry Gray on 14 May 1967, with an orchestra of 12 instrumentalists.
Reception.
Anthony Clark of the website "sci-fi-online.com" is critical of "Renegade Rocket", judging the episode "about as dull as ["Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons"] gets", or "just about average". He argues that it serves as an example of the series' "patchy" quality, and questions why Captains Scarlet and Blue are inspired to disobey Colonel White in the full knowledge that their actions "won't save lives".
In a review for the "Andersonic" website, Vincent Law considers "Renegade Rocket" one of many Anderson productions to incorporate a theme of danger resulting from the use of advanced technology or "runaway machinery". He observes that Reeves' Mysteron reconstruction effectively pulls rank on a fellow officer to launch the VGR, perceiving parallels to preconceptions of Cold War double agents, as well as to the Stanley Kubrick film "Dr. Strangelove" (1964). Law comments negatively on the dialogue and characterisation – questioning, for example, the lack of emotional response on White's part to the character's realisation that Reeves, supposedly a friend of his, has been killed and duplicated by the Mysterons. Despite his praise for the episode's visuals, Law sums up "Renegade Rocket" as "a forerunner of effects-led films like "Independence Day" and its ilk — flashy, nice to look at but insubstantial and ultimately unfulfilling."

</doc>
<doc id="9882489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882489" title="Manuel Nieto">
Manuel Nieto

Jose Manuel Nieto (1734 – 1804) was a soldier from the Presidio of San Diego who was assigned to the Mission San Gabriel at the time his land was granted by the Spanish Empire in 1784.
Spanish soldier.
Nieto was a mulatto, born in Sinaloa, Mexico in 1734. He came to Alta California with the Gaspar de Portolà expedition of 1769. He served in the Royal Army in the province of Alta California. Jose Manuel Perez-Nieto was first mentioned as a soldier of the Presidio of Monterey, in 1773.
Rancho Los Nietos.
Presidio soldiers were permitted to raise cattle for food and make a small profit. As his cattle numbers increased, the need for more grazing land was required. In 1784, he granted a provisional grant of the land that would become Rancho Los Nietos by Pedro Fages the governor of Alta California.
The original grant was , but Padres from the San Gabriel Mission contested the Nietos grant on the grounds that it encroached upon the southern portion of their property. A decision in favor of the mission was reached and Rancho Los Nietos was reduced to nearly half of its original size, but still leaving Corporal Nieto with . Nieto retired from duty and settled down on his rancho with his family. A small community called Los Nietos gradually built up around the Nietos adobe home, which was near the Indian village of Sejat on the San Jose Creek. Today, the area of West Whittier-Los Nietos, California is located near the original rancho home site.
Upon Manuel's death, his rancho was inherited by his widow and four children.
Descendants.
He married Maria Teresa Morillo.

</doc>
<doc id="9882532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882532" title="Hurricane Barry (1983)">
Hurricane Barry (1983)

Hurricane Barry was the fourth tropical depression, second hurricane and named storm of the inactive 1983 Atlantic hurricane season. Developing out of a tropical wave on August 23, Barry quickly strengthened off the coast of Florida, reaching an initial peak intensity with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h). However, increased wind shear caused the storm to weaken to a tropical depression before making landfall near Melbourne, Florida, the next morning. Traveling almost due west, the storm regenerated and became a hurricane on August 28. The storm made landfall on the northern Mexican coastline later that day at peak intensity. Rapid weakening followed shortly after and the storm dissipated the next day. The storm had only minor effects in the United States but destroyed hundreds of homes and left over 400 homeless in northern Mexico. Despite the damage, there were no reports of fatalities or injuries.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Hurricane Barry can be traced to a tropical wave which moved off the western coast of Africa on August 13, 1983. Strong wind shear in the North Atlantic hurricane basin prevented significant development of the system as it traveled towards the west-northwest. Little convection was associated with the disturbance as a result of the shear. While approaching the Bahamas on August 22, an upper-level trough moved away from the system, which led to a decrease in the wind shear. The disturbance then entered this environment and spawned an area of low pressure which intensified. On August 23, the low had become sufficiently organized to be declared Tropical Depression Four. Later that day, the depression quickly strengthened into a tropical storm and was given the name "Barry" by the National Hurricane Center (NHC). About 12 hours after becoming a tropical storm, Barry reached its initial peak intensity with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h).
Barry then began a westerly course towards central Florida. However, wind shear began to increase, causing the system to weaken. The NHC downgraded the storm back to a tropical depression on August 25. Barry made landfall near Melbourne, Florida the same morning with winds of 35 mph (55 km/h). After crossing Florida, the depression traveled towards the west-southwest due to a strong upper-level flow. On August 27, Barry became sufficiently organized to be reclassified as a tropical storm while located in the central Gulf of Mexico. The re-strengthening was the result of decreased wind shear and more favorable conditions over the Gulf. The storm continued to become better organized as it traveled nearly due west towards Mexico. At 1200 UTC the next day, Barry was upgraded to a hurricane while located about 75 mi (120 km) southeast of Brownsville, Texas. The hurricane continued to intensify until it made landfall about 35 mi (55 km) south-southeast of Brownsville at peak intensity with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h). The storm quickly weakened after landfall and dissipated the next day over northern Mexico.
Preparations.
United States.
Several watches and warnings were issued along the Florida and Texas coastlines as a result of Barry. The first was a gale warning from Jupiter Inlet, Florida to Savannah, Georgia on August 24 at 1900 UTC. The warning was discontinued from St. Augustine to Savannah the next day. The next was a gale warning issued for Brownsville, Texas to Port O'Connor, Texas on August 27. This was upgraded into a hurricane warning as Barry strengthened a few hours later, and then extended to Mansfield. The warning was discontinued by late August 28. Over 4,000 people were evacuated from South Padre Island in preparation of Hurricane Barry. Several thousand people were evacuated from beaches in Port Aransas on August 27 as Barry approached. An estimated 700 people took refuge in shelters set up in Brownsville and 800 people fled to schools, which were being used as temporary shelters, in Harlingen. An additional 2,000 residents evacuated from Harlingen. Shelters were also opened in San Benito, Santa Rosa, and Los Fresnos. Offshore, several oil platforms were evacuated in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mexico.
In the Mexican city of Matamoros, located south of Brownsville, Texas, Captain Manuel Leon Lopez warned residents about the approaching hurricane through radio messages. Many people were seen leaving coastal villages and heading further inland. Mexican officials raised the alert level to stage three due to the threat of Barry.
Impact and aftermath.
United States.
Rainfall around 1 in (25 mm) were reported around Lake Okeechobee, 3 inches (76.2 mm) around the Orlando area and 1 in (25 mm) in the Miami area. The peak rainfall was 3.01 in (76 mm) in Wauchula, Florida. Roads with poor drainage in Key West, Florida were flooded after the area received 1.5 in (38.1 mm) of rain. Barry also affected the launch of the Space Shuttle "Challenger", whose third mission was scheduled for August 30. NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) did not have time to return the shuttle to the hangar in time for the storm and had the shuttle ride out the storm on the launch pad. The only rainfall reported in Texas by Barry was around San Antonio. Along the Texas coast, beach erosion was caused from waves that were higher than normal. Winds were gusting in excess of 50 mph (85 km/h) off the South Padre Island coast. Near Brownsville, a possible tornado knocked down power lines, leaving an estimated 6,000 people without power.
Mexico.
No casualties were reported from Barry. However, 30 fishing boats were sunk in Mexico and several hundred homes were destroyed. The rainfall from the hurricane was considered to be relief from drought conditions in parts of northern Mexico. A storm surge of was recorded in Mexican fishing villages. Over 400 people were made homeless and there was a major loss of shrimping nets. At least ten people were left homeless in the town of El Mezquital. Homes in Santa Teresa sustained some damage but none were destroyed. Only one person was injured by the storm after shards from a broken window hit the child. Following the storm, General Jesus Ponce de Leon Rodriguez went to survey the damage in Tamaulipas along with a medical team.

</doc>
<doc id="9882622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882622" title="Minu väike paradiis">
Minu väike paradiis

Minu väike paradiis is the second album by Estonian rock band Terminaator, released in 1995. It's also the first album by Terminaator to appear on a CD. The sound is a bit heavier than on the previous album. The cover features Terminaator's mascot.

</doc>
<doc id="9882632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882632" title="Walnut Street Ferry">
Walnut Street Ferry

Walnut Street Ferry refers to the following ferries:

</doc>
<doc id="9882635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882635" title="Mytilenean revolt">
Mytilenean revolt

The Mytilenean revolt was an incident in the Peloponnesian War in which the city of Mytilene attempted to unify the island of Lesbos under its control and revolt from the Athenian Empire. In 428 BC, the Mytilenean government planned a rebellion in concert with Sparta, Boeotia, and certain other cities on the island, and began preparing to revolt by fortifying the city and laying in supplies for a prolonged war. These preparations were interrupted by the Athenian fleet, which had been notified of the plot, and the Mytileneans sent representatives to Athens to discuss a settlement, but simultaneously dispatched a secret embassy to Sparta to request support.
The attempt to reach a settlement at Athens fell through, as the Athenians were unwilling to allow their loyal ally Methymna to be subjugated by the Mytileneans, and the Athenian fleet blockaded Mytilene by sea. Sparta, although it agreed to send support and prepared a fleet, was cowed by an Athenian show of force and took no action on 428 BC. On Lesbos, meanwhile, the arrival of 1,000 Athenian hoplites allowed Athens to complete the investment of Mytilene by walling it in on land. Although Sparta finally dispatched a fleet in the summer of 427 BC, it advanced with such caution and so many delays that it arrived in the vicinity of Lesbos only in time to receive news of Mytilene's surrender.
In the wake of the Mytileneans' surrender, a heated debate took place at Athens over their fate. One faction, led by Cleon, advocated executing all of the men in the city and enslaving the women and children, while another faction (one spokesman was Diodotus) preferred more moderate treatment in which only men who had been identified as ringleaders would be executed. The Athenian assembly wavered; an order for mass execution was issued on the first day of debate but countermanded on the next. In the end, the city as a whole was spared, but 1,000 "ringleaders" (although this figure is viewed sceptically, and it is believed that due to a misreading by a scribe, the figure was actually closer to 30) were executed without trial.
Plan and preparations.
The Mytilenean government (which was oligarchic) had considered revolting from Athens even before the Peloponnesian War broke out, but when they initially approached Sparta in the 430s BC, the Spartans would not promise to accept them into the Peloponnesian League. Without the necessary Spartan support that would have made revolt feasible, the Mytilenean's plan came to nothing. In 428, however, the Mytilenean leaders judged that the time was ripe for revolt, and both Boeotia and Sparta participated in planning the rebellion. The primary motivation for the rebellion was the Mytilenean's desire to gain control of all of Lesbos; Athens generally discouraged the creation of multi-city subunits of the empire, and would certainly not have permitted Lesbos to be unified. Moreover, Mytilene's privileged status as an independent state, commanding its own fleet, within the Athenian empire seems to have given its leaders both confidence in their chances of success and concern that, if they did not revolt, they might in the future be reduced to the same tributary status as the majority of Athens' allies. The Mytileneans, therefore, began strengthening their fortifications and sent for mercenaries and supplies from the Black Sea region. Before they had completed their preparations, however, their plans were betrayed to the Athenians by several of their enemies in the region, namely the Methymnians and Tenedians, and by a group of Mytilenean citizens who represented Athens' interests in that city (probably members of the democratic faction there).
The revolt.
Initial moves.
The Athenians, who were still suffering from the plague at this time and were under great financial strain from the unexpectedly long and involved war, initially tried to negotiate in order to avoid taking on yet another military commitment in Lesbos. When the Mytileneans refused to abandon their plans to unify Lesbos or their preparations for war, however, the Athenians resigned themselves to the necessity of a military response and dispatched a fleet to Mytilene; ten Mytilenean triremes which had been serving in the fleet were interned at Athens with their crews. The initial plan was for the fleet to arrive during a religious festival for which all the Mytileneans would be outside of the city, and during which it would be easy for the Athenians to seize the fortifications of the town. Since this plan was crafted in the open Athenian assembly, however, it was impossible to keep it secret, and the Mytileneans had ample warning of the fleet's approach. On the day of the festival, they remained in the city, with doubled guards on the weaker sections of the walls; the Athenians, arriving to find the city well defended, ordered the Mytileneans to surrender their fleet and tear down their walls. The Mytileneans refused this demand, and even went so far as to send their fleet to fight the Athenians just outside the harbor. When the Athenians quickly defeated this fleet and drove it back into the harbor, however, the Mytileneans quickly agreed to negotiate, arranged an armistice on the scene, and sent representatives to Athens. In doing this, however, the Mytilenean government was aiming not at reaching an accommodation with Athens, but rather at buying time for their negotiations with Sparta and Boeotia to bear fruit. As the representatives were on their way to Athens, a second group was secretly dispatched to Sparta to secure that city's support in the rebellion.
Failure of negotiations and resumption of fighting.
The negotiations at Athens were brief and unsuccessful. The Mytileneans offered to remain loyal if the Athenians would withdraw their fleet from Lesbos. Implicit in this proposition was that the Athenians would abandon Methymna, and that the Athenians could not do, as failing to protect a subject city from aggression would have undermined their claims to legitimacy as rulers of their empire. The Athenians, accordingly, rejected the Mytilenean offer, and when the ambassadors returned to Lesbos bearing this news all the cities of Lesbos save Methymna openly declared war on Athens. The Mytileneans mustered an army and marched out to attack the Athenian camp; although they came off slightly the better in the ensuing battle, they were unwilling to press their advantage and retreated back behind their fortifications before nightfall. At this point the Athenians, encouraged by the lack of initiative on their enemies' part, summoned troops from their allies and, once these arrived, built two fortified camps, one on either side of Mytilene's harbor. From these they instituted a naval blockade of the city (the Mytileneans and their allies continued to control all the land outside the Athenian fortifications).
Sparta wavers.
Immediately after the Mytilenean attack on the Athenian camp, a trireme bearing ambassadors from Sparta and Boeotia slipped past the Athenians into Mytilene and persuaded the Mytileneans to send a second group of ambassadors to plead for Spartan intervention (the Spartans and Boeotians had been dispatched before the revolt, but had been prevented from entering the city for some time). This second group of Mytilenean ambassadors arrived within a week of the first, in July, but neither secured any immediate assistance; the Spartans deferred the decision over Mytilene to the Peloponnesian League as a whole, which would be convening at Olympia later that summer. At that meeting, the Mytilenean ambassadors gave a speech in which they gave justifications for their revolt, emphasized Athens' weakness, and stressed the importance of attacking the Athenians in the empire, from which they drew their resources. After hearing this speech, the Spartans and their allies voted to accept the Lesbians into their alliance and attack Athens immediately in support of the revolt.
The plans made at Olympia called for all the allied states to send their contingents to the isthmus of Corinth to join together and prepare to advance on Athens. The Spartan contingent was the first to arrive, and set about dragging ships across the isthmus from the gulf of Corinth so as to be able to attack simultaneously on land and sea. While the Spartans set enthusiastically about this work, however, the other allies sent in their contingents only slowly; the harvest was underway, and the allies were tired of constant military service (their service had already been called on that summer for a month-long invasion of Attica beginning in May). The Athenians, meanwhile, aware that the Peloponnesian's readiness to attack derived in part from the Mytileneans' assertions that Athens was critically weakened, prepared a fleet of 100 ships to raid the coast of the Peloponnese. Preparing the fleet required extreme measures, as the state's resources were already stretched thin; as not enough thetes (poor citizens) were available for service to crew the fleet fully, both zeugitai (landowners who usually fought as hoplites) and metics (resident aliens) were recruited to serve as rowers. The fleet raided at will along the Peloponnesian coast, and the Spartans, who had been promised that the forty ships at Mytilene and the forty that had circumnavigated the Peloponnese earlier in the summer were all the Athenians could muster, concluded that they had been deceived and called off their plans to launch an attack that summer.
Fighting on Lesbos.
While the Spartan force was at the isthmus making its preparations, the Mytileneans and their allies launched an attack on Methymna, expecting that the city would be betrayed to them from within. In the event, however, the promised betrayal failed to materialize, and the attack was repulsed. The Mytileneans returned home, stopping along the way to help strengthen the fortifications of several of their allies near Methymna. Once the Mytileneans were gone, the Methymnians marched out against one of these cities, Antissa but were defeated by the Antissans and their mercenaries in fighting outside that city's walls.
At this point the Athenians, realizing that their force at Lesbos was insufficient to cope with the Mytilineans, dispatched an additional 1,000 hoplites to the scene. The Athenians at Lesbos were now able to gain control of the land around Mytilene and build a wall of circumvallation around the city, completing the blockade of the city.
Siege, relief effort, and surrender.
To pay the expenses of the ongoing siege in their current state of financial crisis, the Athenians were forced to turn to two extraordinary measures. First, they imposed an eisphora, or direct tax, on their own citizens. Ancient Greeks were extremely reluctant to use measures such as this, which were regarded as an imposition on personal freedom, and in fact this may have been the first time that such a tax was ever imposed at Athens. At the same time, Athens announced an increase in the tribute assessments for its subjects, and twelve ships were sent out to collect the new assessments several months before the usual time; this action clearly triggered resistance, as one of the generals commanding these ships was killed while attempting to make collections in Caria.
In the summer of 427 BC, the Spartans and their allies planned a concerted effort on land and sea to strain Athens' resources and relieve the siege at Mytilene. The annual invasion of Attica that year was the second largest of the Archidamian War, exceeded in duration and destructiveness only by that of 430. While this invasion was underway, 42 ships under the command of the navarch Alcidas were sent out to Mytilene; the plan was that the Athenians would be preoccupied with the invasion and unable to devote their full attention to Alcidas and his fleet.
At Mytilene, however, time was rapidly running out for the Peloponnesians to come to the rescue. A Spartan representative, Salaethus, had been smuggled into the city in a trireme at the end of the winter with news of the relief scheme, and had taken command of the defenses there in anticipation of the fleet's arrival. Food supplies in the city, however, were exhausted at some point early in the summer, and, since the fleet had yet to materialize, Salaethus was forced to gamble on a breakout attempt. Hoplite armor was issued to all the citizens, most of whom heretofore had only served as light troops, in preparation for this attempt. Once the people were thus armed, however, they refused to obey the government and demanded that the authorities distribute any remaining food supplies, threatening to come to terms with the Athenians on their own if this was not done. Realizing that they could not prevent this, and that a peace concluded without their involvement would surely be fatal to them, the members of the government contacted the Athenian commander and surrendered, on the condition that none of the Mytileneans should be imprisoned, enslaved, or executed until representatives from the city had presented their case at Athens.
While these events were taking place, Alcidas advanced slowly and cautiously with his fleet, wasting a great deal of time in rounding the Peloponnese. Although he succeeded in giving the Athenians the slip and reaching Delos without being discovered, he reached Erythrae on the coast of Ionia a few days later only to learn that Mytilene had already fallen. At this point the commander of the contingent from Elis advocated launching an attack on the Athenians at Mytilene, arguing that since they had only recently taken the city they would be off their guard and vulnerable to a surprise attack. Alcidas, however, was unwilling to attempt such a bold action, and also rejected a plan to seize some Ionian city as a base from which to foment rebellion in the empire. Indeed, once he learned of Mytilene's surrender Alcidas's primary goal was to return home without having to confront the Athenian fleet, and he accordingly began sailing southwards down the Ionian coast. Off Clarus he was spotted by the Athenian messenger ships Paralus and Salaminia, and the Athenian fleet set out from Mytilene to pursue him. Alcidas, however, set out from Ephesus in full flight back to the Peloponnese, neither landing nor stopping until he was safely home, and thus escaped his pursuers. After this, the Athenians returned to Lesbos and reduced the remaining rebellious cities there.
Debate at Athens.
After he completed subduing Mytilene, Paches sent the greater part of his army back to Athens, and sent with it the Mytileneans who he had identified as particularly culpable in the revolt and the captured Spartan general Salaethus. Salaethus was executed immediately, although he suggested that, in return for his life, he would have the Spartan force besieging Plataea withdrawn. The assembly then turned its attention to the question of what to do with the prisoners at Athens and the rest of the Mytileneans back on Lesbos. What followed was one of the most famous debates in the history of the Athenian democracy, and one of only two occasions on which Thucydides records the content of opposing speeches in the assembly. As such, the debate has been the subject of much scholarly analysis, aimed elucidating both the circumstances of the revolt and the internal politics of Athens at that time.
Thucydides' account.
The debate reported by Thucydides took place over two days. On the first day, the events of which Thucydides only summarizes, the Athenians angrily condemned the entire male population of Mytilene to death, and the women and children to slavery. The citizens were particularly enraged that the revolt had brought a Spartan fleet into Ionian waters, where it would never have passed in normal circumstances and where no enemy fleet had sailed in over 20 years. In accordance with the assembly's decision, a trireme was dispatched to Mytilene bearing orders for Paches to execute the Mytilenean men.
On the next day, however, as the Athenians considered the severity of the measure they had just passed, a number of citizens began to have second thoughts. Aware of this trend, the Mytilenean delegation that had been sent to Athens to present that city's case asked the prytanies to call a meeting of the assembly, and those officials acquiesced. At that meeting, a debate took place between those who supported the previous day's decree and those who called for a milder punishment. The first speech that Thucydides records was given by Cleon, who had proposed the previous day's motion. This speech marks Cleon's first appearance in the historical record, and Thucydides introduces him by saying that "he was remarkable among the Athenians for the violence of his character, and at this time he exercised far the greatest influence over the people."
In Cleon's speech, as reported by Thucydides, the politician argues that consistent enforcement of laws, even when they seem unjust, is the only way to maintaining order, and moreover that the Mytilenean people as a whole (not merely the aristocracy) had revolted against Athens, and thus deserved to be condemned. The speech is filled with acerbic criticism of the Athenian people, and of certain elements of the ideology of democracy, and it lays out an imperial ideology that openly describes Athens' rule as a tyranny and embraces it as such. Part of Cleon's speech was devoted to attacking those who would speak against him, maintaining that anyone who would speak on behalf of the Mytileneans must have been bribed. Certain elements of the speech evoke arguments made by Pericles in his famous funeral oration, and it is clear that Cleon, as portrayed by Thucydides, is deliberately laying claim to aspects of Pericles' mantle of leadership with his speech. In content, the speech emphasizes the favored status that Mytilene had held before the revolt, asserts that the city as a whole bears responsibility for the revolt, and argues that a favored city that revolts must be treated harshly so as to deter others from following.
After Cleon's speech, Thucydides presents a speech by Diodotus, a politician who appears only this once in recorded history, but who, Thucydides reports, had also spoken against Cleon's proposal the previous day. He is identified as "Diodotus, son of Eucrates"; the Eucrates in question is presumably a fairly prominent lieutenant of Pericles mentioned on several occasions before this. The early portion of Diodotus' speech is devoted to refuting the charges that Cleon had preemptively levelled against those who would speak after him, principally by arguing that the assembly would deprive itself of wise counsel if it constantly examined the motives of speakers instead of the arguments they presented. Next Diodotus attacks Cleon's claim that harshness would deter future revolts, on the grounds that no state revolts in the expectation of failure, and that the more useful countermeasure, therefore, is a mild punishment that will allow for reconsideration when the revolt appears likely to fail. Throughout the speech, Diodotus refuses to stray from the grounds of expediency, reminding the Athenians that they sit not as a court of law but as political assembly, dedicated to determining what action is most advantageous for Athens. On the issue of culpability, however, he flatly denies that the demos shares in the guilt of the oligarchs, and warns the assembly against alienating its potential friends throughout the empire. 
After speeches on the motion concluded, the assembly voted, by a narrow margin, to overturn the previous day's decree. Cleon then put forward a second motion proposing the execution, without trial, of the 1,000 Lesbians who Paches had selected out as most responsible for the rebellion; that motion carried without recorded discussion. A ship was immediately dispatched to Mytilene to countermand the execution order sent out the previous day. The Mytilenean representatives in Athens offered a sizable reward to the crew if the ship arrived in time to prevent the executions. Rowing day and night, sleeping in shifts, and eating at their oars, the rowers of the second trireme managed to make up the first ship's one day lead and arrive at Mytilene just as Paches was reading the original order, in time to prevent its execution.
Modern analyses.
Authenticity of the speeches.
As with all the speeches reported by Thucydides, the resemblance between Cleon's and Diodotus' speeches as the historian recorded them and the speeches actually given has been the subject of much debate. In the famous passage where he lays out his methodology for reporting the content of speeches, Thucydides states that "my habit has been to make the speakers say what was in my opinion demanded of them by the various occasions, of course adhering as closely as possible to the general sense of what they really said." Various historians have either stressed the first clause of this sentence and reached the conclusion that Thucydides put words into his speakers' mouths or emphasized the second clause and concluded that Thucydides' speeches maintain the basic sense of the speeches actually given on the various occasions he describes. Still other scholars take the second approach but conclude that Thucydides strayed from this approach over his writing career; a number of schemes for dating the authorship of the various speeches has also been proposed, without any gaining a preponderance of support.
Popularity of the Athenian Empire.
Diodotus' speech contains the famous claim that "in all the cities the people is your friend, and either does not revolt with the oligarchy, or, if forced to do so, becomes at once the enemy of the insurgents; so that in the war with the hostile city you have the masses on your side." Modern scholars have disagreed over whether this was actually the case. G.E.M. de Ste. Croix accepted Diodotus' statement as factual, and took the Mytilenean demos' threat to hand over the city as evidence that they had harbored secret pro-Athenian feelings throughout the siege. Some other scholars, meanwhile, have suggested that the threat was the action of men desperate from hunger but harboring no special feelings for the Athenians. A third position is presented by Daniel Gillis, who observes that the Mytilenean demos would not necessarily have surrendered under less desperate circumstances, but was at least confident enough regarding its fate after a surrender to consider that action a viable alternative. Both Donald Kagan and Ronald Legon, meanwhile, have emphasized that, whatever the feelings of the Mytilenean demos were, the people had clearly not displayed enough revolutionary sentiment to prevent their rulers from distributing arms to them.
Aftermath.
Although Mytilene's citizens were spared execution, a harsh punishment was still imposed on the rebellious Lesbians. All the farmland on the island, save that belonging to the Methymnaeans, was confiscated and divided up into 3,000 lots, which were leased back to the Lesbians on a yearly basis. 300 of these lots were dedicated to the gods, and the 10 talents collected from them annually went into the Athenian treasury; the remainder supported a garrison of Athenian cleruchs. All Mytilene's possessions on the Ionian mainland were confiscated by Athens, its walls were pulled down, and its ships were confiscated. For the Athenians, this solution solved several problems; the garrison would provide security on Lesbos, and the absence of its members from Athens would to an extent ease the overpopulation of that city and the strain on the treasury resulting from the need to feed thousands of displaced farmers. The garrison returned home by the mid 420s BC, but apparently Athens was mistaken to think the island secure; in 412 BC, in the wake of the disaster in Syracuse, Lesbos was among the first islands to begin intriguing against the newly weakened Athenians.
In an anecdote that some have connected with the Mytilene affair, Plutarch reports that Paches killed himself during a trial at some point after his command at Mytilene. Donald Kagan has interpreted this anecdote to indicate that Paches, a moderate, was being prosecuted by Cleon or another more aggressive politician, who disapproved of his decision to break off the pursuit of Alcidas' fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="9882646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882646" title="Gozaar">
Gozaar

Gozaar () - meaning "transition" – is a Persian-English web-portal devoted to democracy and human rights in Iran (Persia). Recognizing that open access to ideas and information is the cornerstone of the quest for freedom, Gozaar seeks to help Iranian democrats fulfill the universal aspiration for justice by creating an accessible, inclusive and provocative space for the discussion of liberty. The journal is dedicated to the women and men in Iran working to improve human rights and democratic practices in their country.
Gozaar seeks to build bridges between democrats inside and outside Iran by fostering dialogue on Iran’s transition to a free society. Gozaar invites everyone interested in a free Iran to write for the journal, especially democrats living in Iran. Gozaar solicits various types of original contributions, such as commentaries, feature articles, reviews, interviews, cartoons and satire pieces. Contributors work on a free-lance basis.
History.
Gozaar was launched by Freedom House as a monthly journal and a collection of resources in September 2006. Seventeen issues of the journal were published, each dedicated to a new and important theme, such as rights of women, ethnic and religious minorities, children, workers, and students as well as rule of law, stewardship of natural and cultural resources, and transparency in government. In January 2008, Gozaar transitioned to a new format which facilitates dynamic discussion on human rights and democracy issues and showcases new and existing resources and for civic education and activism.
Articles.
Gozaar and its contributors have published hundreds of articles on a spectrum of important themes including the rights of women, children, ethnic and religious minorities, workers, and students as well as the importance of rule of law, an independent judiciary, transparency and accountability in government, and the stewardship of natural and cultural resources. Gozaar has published dozens of interviews of prominent Iranian thinkers and activists and experts on democracy and human rights issues, including Nobel Laureate Shirin Ebadi, national poet Simin Behbehani, student movement leader Abdollah Momeni, and reformist press freedom advocate Eisa Saharkhiz, among others.
Gozaar includes commentary pieces on issues of democracy and human rights in Iran. Gozaar also incorporates articles and reviews of Iranian art, film, and literature, as well as satire and cartoons available only in Persian, though the language of art is universal.
Civic Dictionary.
Gozaar’s Persian/English web-based dictionary of key civic terms offers accessible language in both English and Persian designed to foster language learning and use by school children. The dictionary helps Iranians gain political literacy and engage more easily in global communication about democracy and political development.
Democracy Classics.
The Gozaar website includes speeches by leaders who have advanced the cause of freedom and human rights in the world, as well as analysis by experts and shared experiences of human rights activists. It also includes translations in English and Persian of classics on democracy and liberal values, such as the writing of Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King, Aung San Suu Kyi, and Anwar Ibrahim.
Legal Texts, Advocacy Materials, and Manuals.
Gozaar maintains a collection of international legal texts and international conventions and treaties, which are available in both English and Persian. Iran’s quest for justice and rule of law can be greatly enhanced through access to key international legal instruments. Unlike the Arab Middle East, Iran does not benefit from having UN documents available in its native language. Human rights defenders, legal scholars, and students of law must be able to read English if they are to benefit from legal texts and advocacy materials developed to help human rights advocates lobby at international fora. Such texts include The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam. Similarly, Gozaar has translated into Persian manuals and tools for the effective defense of human rights and activism published by other organizations which support human rights in Iran and globally.
Blogestan.
Gozaar’s Blogestan highlights five blogs every week. Readers can find a list of active blogs that shed light on issues faced by the Iranians. Most of the blogs are by Iranians, both inside and outside of Iran, though some other blogs that provide interesting commentary on civil society are also highlighted. Gozaar recognizes bloggers’ efforts and hopes to facilitate discussion on civil society and provide a better understanding of the lives and challenges of Iranians around the world.
Discussion Forum.
The Gozaar website also includes a discussion forum to share and discuss reactions, experiences, frustrations, and ideas on issues raised in Gozaar and in readers’ own lives. Readers can post anonymously or complete a simple registration to participate in a free, lively debate with others.

</doc>
<doc id="9882654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882654" title="Richard Easter">
Richard Easter

Richard Easter is a British writer who has written scripts for many mainstream TV shows, including Top of the Pops 2, You've Been Framed, EastEnders, Coronation Street and Who Wants to be a Millionaire?
He was once Steve Wright's radio sidekick and was the writer of the hit comedy song "I'll Be Back" by Synth-Pop group Arnee and the Terminaters that was a parody of the film . It reached No.5 in the UK charts in September 1991. He also provided vocals on the rave track, "Roobarb & Custard" by Shaft. The song reached No.7 in the UK in January 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9882676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882676" title="Lifescape magazine">
Lifescape magazine

Lifescape is a glossy monthly magazine aimed mostly at women who want to live a more cruelty-free, healthy, green and interesting life. It is a colourful, upbeat and genuine alternative to other women's magazines available and is published by Madafu Publishing Ltd in London.
The magazine covers fair trade fashion, cruelty-free and vegan beauty products, social issues, health, nutrition, home, travel and more. It is also the only vegetarian magazine on sale at British news stands.
Each year "Lifescape", which is now in its second year of existence, commends companies that are making a difference by producing cruelty-free cosmetics in its Beauty Awards. It also runs Food Awards for vegetarian or vegan, fair trade and organic foods which are providing excellent options for people who eat with a conscience.
The magazine was set up a young mum in her early thirties Rajasana Otiende and is sold in WH Smiths, Borders, Waitrose and independent newsagents. It is part of the 'Just Ask!' campaign and so readers can request their local newsagent to stock the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9882680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882680" title="Fortune Dogs">
Fortune Dogs

The main character's story (Freddy's) presents the journey of the archetypal hero found in world mythologies and religions (the Monomyth), a theory developed by Joseph Campbell in his book "The Hero with a Thousand Faces".
Plot.
A French Bulldog is adopted from the Happy Kennel by a girl named Ai and is given the name Alex. She tells him stories and reads to him from a book titled "The Adventures of Freddy" about dog who leaves home to find the Fortune Tree.
However, he is separated from Ai when he mistakenly follows a girl wearing the same clothes as Ai on a bus. Adopting the name Freddy, after the hero in Ai's storybook, Alex begins his quest to return to Ai. But before he can return to his owner, Freddy and his new friends must find the Fortune Tree and save it from dying, otherwise all the humans in the world will lose their good will and no longer care about their pets.

</doc>
<doc id="9882686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882686" title="Pennsylvania Route 288">
Pennsylvania Route 288

Pennsylvania Route 288 (PA 288) or State Route 288 is an east–west route in western Pennsylvania, United States. The highway is 15.4 miles (24 km) long and runs from PA Route 18 in Wampum to the US 19/PA 68 concurrency in Zelienople.
Route description.
Lawrence County.
PA 288 begins at an intersection with PA 18 in Wampum, Lawrence County, heading north on two-lane undivided Main Street. The road passes through wooded areas and turns northwest, crossing under a Norfolk Southern railroad line before running to the west of a CSX railroad line and passing under another CSX line. The route heads into residential areas and turns northeast onto Wampum Road, passing over the CSX line before crossing the Beaver River into Wayne Township. PA 288 passes through woods before curving southeast and running through the residential community of Chewton, running to the southwest of a Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad line before passing over it. The road continues between farmland to the northeast and woods, along with the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad line, a Norfolk Southern line, and the Beaver River, to the southwest. The route curves south into forested areas, turning east to head away from the river and railroad lines and pass through the residential community of Rock Point. PA 288 runs between homes to the north and woods to the south, heading into Ellwood City. Here, the route comes to an intersection with PA 65 and turns south to form a concurrency with that route on 5th Street, crossing the Connoquenessing Creek. The two routes head into residential and commercial areas, turning east onto Fountain Avenue. PA 65/PA 288 turns south onto 2nd Street, with PA 488 continuing east on Fountain Avenue. The road heads south through residential areas, passing over a Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad line as a two-lane divided highway before becoming undivided again intersecting the eastern terminus of PA 351. Following this, the two routes head into industrial areas.
Beaver County.
PA 65/PA 288 continues into Beaver County, passing through more industrial sections of Ellwood City before passing through urban residential areas and widening into a four-lane divided highway. At this point, the road passes near more homes separated from the road by trees, heading into North Sewickley Township and becoming Ellwood-Zelienople Road. The two routes turn to the east and cross the Connoquenessing Creek again into Franklin Township before PA 65 splits from PA 288 by turning south. The route continues east, passing under the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad and heading near more homes. The road passes a few businesses and narrows back into a two-lane undivided road, heading into wooded areas with a few residences. PA 288 continues into a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes, passing through Lillyville and turning to the southeast. The road becomes Zelienople Road and heads through more open agricultural areas with occasional woods and homes before heading south of Hereford Manor Lake. The route turns south through more wooded and agricultural areas, passing to the east of Zelienople Municipal Airport before making a turn to the southeast.
Butler County.
PA 288 enters Zelienople in Butler County and becomes West New Castle Street, passing homes to the north and fields to the south as it comes to an intersection with PA 588. At this point, PA 588 joins the route for the remainder of its length, however it is unsigned along PA 288. The road crosses Connoquenessing Creek again and heads into industrial areas, crossing a Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad line. PA 288 continues east through residential areas to its eastern terminus at US 19/PA 68 in the commercial downtown of Zelienople.

</doc>
<doc id="9882692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882692" title="Tasovčići">
Tasovčići

Tasovčići is a town in the municipality of Čapljina, in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
History.
In the Roman period, there was a settlement called Latin: "Ad Turres" here. Originally belonging to the Manii tribe, it was on the road from Narona (modern Vid, Croatia) to Diluntum (modern Stolac, Bosnia and Hercegovina).
Population.
Ethnic composition, 1991 census.
total: 1,675

</doc>
<doc id="9882717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882717" title="If the Ocean Gets Rough">
If the Ocean Gets Rough

If the Ocean Gets Rough is the second album by American singer-songwriter Willy Mason, which was released in the UK on March 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9882718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882718" title="Hyundai Development Company">
Hyundai Development Company

Hyundai Development Company () was created in 1986 through the merger between Korea City Development established in 1976 and Halla Construction founded in 1977. Hyundai Development Company is the parent entity in HDC Group (Hyundai Development Company Group), which has subsidiaries in construction, petrochemicals, retail, property and financial management, healthcare, leisure, musical instrument production, sports and finance. Chung Mong-Gyu is the Chairman and Park Chang-Min is the President of Hyundai Development Company. 
Overview.
Hyundai Development Company was established through the merger between Hyundai Group’s two subsidiaries – Korea City Development founded in 1976 and Halla Construction founded in 1977. Korea City Development Company was created in 1976 when Hyundai Engineering & Construction separated its housing business. Korea City Development specialized in Hyundai Group’s housing construction business and built apartments under the brand name, Hyundai Apartment. Starting from Hyundai Apartment complex in Gangnam, Seoul, Korea City Development had built apartments around the country and emerged as the largest private housing builder in the early 1980s, introducing apartment as a new housing style in Korea. Halla Construction, founded by Chung In-yung, brother to Chung Ju-yung, the founder and former chairman of Hyundai Group, focused on civil engineering, plant and overseas businesses. Halla Construction built a number of power plants including Samcheonpo Thermal Power Plant, civil engineering projects such as road construction, land reclamation, port development and other various projects in Korea. Halla Construction actively pursued overseas business and undertook road, construction and plant projects in the Middle East and Southeast, starting from the Jizan cement plant project in Saudi Arabia in 1977.
Established in 1986, Hyundai Development Company has emerged as a comprehensive construction company, building up on Korea City Development’s strength in the housing business and Halla Construction’s leading position in the civil engineering segment. As Korea’s leading developer, Hyundai Development Company has maintained its leadership in the domestic housing market, been active in the construction, civil engineering and plant industries and expanded its businesses to include engineering and plastic materials with the establishment of the petrochemical unit. With the inauguration of Chairman Chung Mong-Gyu in 1999, Hyundai Development Company was separated from Hyundai Group in August 1999. Thereafter, Hyundai Development Company has evolved into the parent in HDC Group. Hyundai Development Company ranks top in the domestic housing market and is active in various technically demanding areas such as super high-rise buildings, spatial structures, roads, bridges, ports and plants. Hyundai Development Company launched a new brand, IPARK, in March 2001. As part of its efforts to fulfill its corporate social responsibilities, the company created a charity organization, IPARK Volunteers, in 2004 and established a scholarship organization, PONY Chung Foundation in 2005.
Areas of business.
Housing business.
Since its establishment in 1976, Hyundai Development Company has built more than 350,000 housing units in Korea, starting from its Hyundai Apartment Complex in Gangnam with 6,000 units. In terms of housing units constructed, Hyundai Development Company ranks top in Korea. Hyundai Development Company specializes in the housing market among Hyundai Group’s construction subsidiaries. Hyundai Development Company was the first builder, which enabled prospective residents to conduct preliminary quality checks before their move-ins, bearing standards for quality service and construction. Hyundai Apartments built by Hyundai Development Company had been synonymous with apartments in Korea. After Chairman Chung Mong-Gyu took the reins, Hyundai Development Company launched a new apartment brand IPARK in March 2001, adding a sophisticated and upscale touch to Hyundai apartments’ sturdy, trustworthy image. Hyundai Development Company continues to build up its reputation, creating landmarks across the country such as IPARK apartment complexes in the most-coveted areas such as Samsung-dong in Seoul, Haeundae in Busan and Suwon in Gyeonggi-do. 
Construction.
Thanks to its superb technology, Hyundai Development Company has distinguished itself in the design and engineering segment. Hyundai Development Company has emerged as a leading company in the large venue construction, completing the world’s largest office building, Gangnam Finance Center in 2002, and building sports facilities across the nation, including Daejeon World Cup Stadium with a semi-retractable roof, the first of its kind in Korea, and Korea’s first domed baseball stadium. Hyundai Development Company has been active in the super high-rise building market, completing a 45-story office building complex, Gangnam Finance Center, a 46-story high Samsung-dong IPARK and a 72-story high Haeundae IPARK (2011). In addition, Hyundai Development Company has pursued various construction projects including Yongsan Express Train Terminal Private Equity Project, one of the largest multi-purpose cultural centers in Asia, other retail facilities, educational facilities, hotels, production and exhibition facilities. 
Civil engineering.
Hyundai Development Company has undertaken civil engineering projects in various areas such as roads, bridges, ports and railways, which require advanced technologies. Hyundai Development Company has taken part in the construction of key expressways around the country such as Gyeongbu Expressway, Jungbu Expressway, Seoul Circular and Namhae Expressway and proved its technological prowess in various bridge projects such as Bukhang Bridge, Gwangan Bridge and Hantan Bridge. Starting from the pilot section of Gyeongbu High Speed Way, Hyundai Development Company has taken part in various subway, railway and high-tech speed rail projects such as High Speed Railway in the Greater Seoul Area and Honam High Speed Railway. Hyundai Development Company is active in both publicly and privately financed projects. Starting from New Daegu-Busan Expressway, Hyundai Development has undertaken privately financed SOC projects in the road and railway segments such as Seoul Chuncheon Highway, Suseok-Hopyeong Expressway, Gangnam Beltway and Busan-Gimhae Light Rail Transit. Hyundai Development Company has also undertaken various SOC projects in the port development segment such as 1-1 phase of the Ulsan New Port, 1-1 phase of the Masan Port, 2-3 and 2-4 phases of the Busan New Port and East Pier of the Pyeongtaek Port. In addition, Hyundai Development Company has undertaken other SOC projects such as Bukhang Bridge and Daegu Art Museum. 
Plant business.
Halla Construction, Hyundai Development’s predecessor, constructed the Samcheonpo thermal power plant in South Gyeongsang Province. Carrying on the legacy, Hyundai Development Company has undertaken various plant projects such as desulphurization facilities, gas supply, gasoline stations, incineration plants and water treatment facilities. Hyundai Development Company has expanded its market reach globally and conducted Jizan Cement Plant Project in Saudi Arabia and constructed power plants, sulfur production plants, water treatment facilities in the Middle East and Southeast Asia. Hyundai Development Company has further been expanding its plant business such as Dongducheon LNG combined cycle power plant project and Tongyong Combined-Cycle power plant. 

</doc>
<doc id="9882754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882754" title="Sardinian Democratic Union">
Sardinian Democratic Union

The Sardinian Democratic Union – Nationalist Project ("Unione Democratica Sarda – Progetto Nazionalitario", UDS) is a regionalist Christian-democratic political party in Sardinia. Its leader is Mario Floris, a former Christian Democrat who was President of the Region from 1999 to 2001.
The party was founded in 1998 as Sardinian section of Democratic Union for the Republic of Francesco Cossiga, a Sardinian who had been Prime Minister and President of Italy. In the 1999 regional election Floris won 6.2% as candidate for President, while the party won 4.1% and three regional councillors.
In the 2004 regional election the UDS won 3.9% of the vote and two regional councillors. After that, the party became a stable regional ally of The People of Freedom (PdL).
In the 2009 regional election, in coalition with the centre-right, the UDS won 3.5% of the vote and got two regional councillors elected (Floris and a member of the New Italian Socialist Party). In the 2010 provincial elections the party was strongest in the Province of Cagliari, where it won 3.8% of the vote.
Since 2008 the party was for a while the regional section of the Alliance of the Centre, a small party that was later merged into PdL.
In the 2014 regional election the UDS obtained 2.6% of the vote and Floris was once again re-elected to the Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9882766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882766" title="Hyperium Records">
Hyperium Records

Hyperium Records was a German independent record label specializing in darkwave, neoclassical, ethereal, gothic rock, and ambient music, founded by Oliver Roesch (also known as "Oli" Roesch) and Oliver van Essenberg in 1991. Roesch died on August 1, 2002 in a motorcycle accident.
Releases.
"Heavenly Voices" compilations.
Hyperium are best known for their "Heavenly Voices" compilation series, which featured prominent use of female vocals in a neo-classical, neofolk, world music, trip-hop or ethereal style. "Heavenly Voices" has often been used as a genre term, particularly during the mid to late 1990s. Love Is Colder Than Death claim that the series was inspired by their music.
The first few compilations featured music by many of the label's own artists, as well as guest appearance by other notable bands of the ethereal/gothic/darkwave scene including Bel Canto, Faith & the Muse, Gitane Demone, In The Nursery, Miranda Sex Garden, Ordo Equitum Solis and The Moon Seven Times. In 1997, American independent label Cleopatra Records released a Hyperium licensed compilation called "Heavenly Voices" subtitled, "A collection of the finest female vocals in ethereal, darkwave & gothic". 
Artists.
The following are artists with releases on Hyperium Records:
The following artists were co-released by Hyperium Records and Projekt Records:

</doc>
<doc id="9882773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882773" title="Żuławski">
Żuławski

Żuławski (feminine: Żuławska; plural: Żuławscy) is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9882804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882804" title="The Leaving Song Pt. II">
The Leaving Song Pt. II

"The Leaving Song Pt. II" is a song by American rock band AFI. It was released as the second single from their sixth studio album "Sing the Sorrow" in 2003. It peaked at #16 on the Alternative Rock Charts.
It was used for the video game Madden NFL 2004.
Track listing.
UK 7"
Australian Tour Edition
Germany Single
EU Cassette
UK CD 1
UK CD 2
Music video.
A music video was directed by Marc Webb and filmed at a warehouse in Los Angeles in May 2003.
It features the band performing in suits in front of a moshing crowd, executing hardcore dancing style punch-and-kick moves. Members of the crowd are shown applying athletic tape and straight edge-culture gloves on their hands before the gig. The band members are shown preparing for the show as well. Havok drops the mic and walks off stage at the end of the video. The song used while the crowd is moshing was a song by the band Throwdown.

</doc>
<doc id="9882806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882806" title="Stowe 2 (Psalter)">
Stowe 2 (Psalter)

British Library, Stowe 2 is a Psalter from the first half of the 11th century. The text includes the Gallican version of the Psalms, followed by the Canticles with an interlinear Old English gloss. The Psalter forms part of the Stowe manuscripts in the British Library.
Description.
This Psalter is closely related to another British Library manuscript, Cotton MS. Tiberius C. VI., or the Tiberius Psalter. Both Psalters have identical prayers added to the end of each psalm. The Psalters also each have large initial "B" at the beginning of Psalm 1 which closely resemble each other. The Anglo-Saxon glosses appear to have been written at the same time as the Latin text.
There are 180 extent vellum folios. The folios are 220 by 180 mm, with the text being written in an area of 225 by 120 mm. In its current binding there are two vellum flyleaves that are not counted in the foliation of the manuscript. Two folios at the end of the Canticles have been cut away. The manuscript was rebound during the 17th century in tooled leather.
The text is written in English half-uncials, while the titles of the Psalms are written in rustic capitals. The large decorated letter "B" at the beginning of Psalm 1 (folio 1r), and smaller decorated initials at the beginning of Psalm 51 (folio 56r) and Psalm 100 (folio 111v), are the only major decorations in the manuscript. Other divisions in the text are marked by smaller colored initials. There are occasional marginal ritual directions and antiphons added in a 15th-century hand. There are also a few added marginal decorations.
The manuscript was probably created at the abbey of New Minster, in Winchester. There are three other manuscripts from New Minster that were written by the scribe of this manuscript. The manuscript is signed on folio 9 recto "Kateryn Rudston" in a 16th-century hand. It belonged to Sir Henry Spelman, who signed it on folios 1 recto and 180 verso. An edition of the text was published by Spelman's son. It was sold by Walter Clavell in 1742. The manuscript was later owned by Thomas Astle, who called it "King Alfred's Psalter".
And included a facsimile of folio 1 verso in his "Origin and Progress of Writing". It was owned by the Richard Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville, 1st Duke of Buckingham and Chandos and kept at Stowe House. It contains his press mark inside the front cover. In 1849 it was sold by the his son, along with the rest of the manuscripts from Stowe House to Bertram Ashburnham, 4th Earl of Ashburnham. In 1883, the British Museum purchased this manuscript, along with 1084 other manuscripts from the Stowe collection, from the 5th Earl of Ashburnham.

</doc>
<doc id="9882819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882819" title="Frigyes Hidas">
Frigyes Hidas

Frigyes Hidas (; "Hidas Frigyes" in Hungarian order; 25 May 1928, Budapest – 7 March 2007, Budapest) was a Hungarian composer.
Hidas studied composition at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest with János Visky. After his studies, he was the musical director of the National Theater in Budapest from 1951 to 1966 and also held the same role at the city's Operetta Theater from 1974 to 1979.
Following this, Hidas was a freelance composer. His oeuvre covered almost every genre, including operas, ballets, concertos, other orchestral works, chamber music, and vocal and choral music. He was one of the foremost names in the world of contemporary chamber and concert band music for wind instruments. In addition, he enjoyed various commissions from opera houses, radio stations, universities, ballet companies, and musical association and federations. He received many prizes and other forms of recognition for his musical services.

</doc>
<doc id="9882836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882836" title="Soul Alone">
Soul Alone

Soul Alone is a 1993 album by Daryl Hall released on Epic Records. Distinct from the sound of Daryl's successful duo Hall & Oates, this album features a more soulful and jazzy feel. However, Epic failed to find a marketing niche for Hall's new sound, and the album was not a commercial success. "Soul Alone" featured (then) up-and-coming singer Mariah Carey and producer/multi-instrumentalist Walter Afanasieff as composers. One single was released from the album, the track "I'm in a Philly Mood". The Japanese version of the album came with an extra 12th track, "I've Finally Seen The Light."

</doc>
<doc id="9882840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882840" title="Laaroussien">
Laaroussien

The Laaroussien (; also spelled Larosien, Laârousienne, Aarousiyine, al-Arosien, etc.) is a Sahrawi tribe traditionally migrating within the region that is today the disputed territory of Western Sahara. Their migratory routes stretched from El Aaiún down towards Dakhla, parallel to the coast of the territory. Like all Sahrawis, they are Sunni Muslims of the Maliki madhhab.
Origins.
They hold the status as a Chorfa tribe, i.e. claiming descent from the Prophet Muhammad. Their tribal ancestor, the famous Sidi Ahmed Al Aroussi (or Laaroussi, died in 1593, 30 km near to Semara in Western Sahara), descends from the Beni Arrous tribe neat Larache and comes from a lineage of the Alami religious order founded by Abu Bakr al-Alami al-Idrissi and Abd as-Salam ibn Mashish al-Alami. He was claimed to have performed miracles: according to tribal lore, he was lifted to safety by angels, after having once been captured - for unclear reasons - by the Sultan of Morocco.
Population today.
Laaroussien Sahrawis are present both in the Tindouf refugee camps of Algeria, headquarters of the nationalist and independence-seeking Polisario Front, and in their traditional home areas of Western Sahara; these are situated west of the Moroccan Wall, and thus under Moroccan rule. (See History of Western Sahara for a background to the dispute.) Few members of the Laaroussien live in neighbouring Mauritania; they are not a transfrontier tribe, traditionally, although, as an exception to the rule, a former President of Mauritania (1979–84), Col. Mohamed Khouna Ould Heidallah, is Laaroussien - he is born in or near the border region of Ras Nouadhibou, either in Mauritania or what was then Spanish Sahara.

</doc>
<doc id="9882848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882848" title="David Ditchburn">
David Ditchburn

David Ditchburn is a Scottish historian. He is a Senior Lecturer at Trinity College Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="9882858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882858" title="Gas spring">
Gas spring

A gas spring is a type of spring that, unlike a typical metal spring, uses a compressed gas, contained in a cylinder and compressed by a piston, to exert a force. Common applications include automobiles (where they are incorporated into the design of struts that support the weight of hatchback doors while they are open) and office chairs. They are also used in furniture, medical and aerospace applications. Much larger gas springs are found in machines that are used in industrial manufacturing (the press tooling industry), where the forces they are required to exert often range from 2500N to 400,000N (Forty tonnes).
To properly use gas springs in even the simplest application, users should understand how they work and how a gas spring can be modified to meet specific operating requirements.
Gas Springs are manufactured in many Varities viz:
Standard types.
Common applications.
If the internal plunger has a diaphragm which extends to the side of the gas tube, it will cease to move once an applied force is constant and will support a weight, like a normal spring. If a fine hole exists in the plunger, however, it is termed a "slow-dampened spring" and can be used on heavy doors and windows. A gas spring designed for fast operation is termed a "quick gas spring" and is used in the manufacture of air guns and recoil buffers. Reducing the gas volume and hence increasing its internal pressure by means of a movable end stop, or allowing one tube to slide over another, can allow the characteristics of a gas spring to be adjusted during operation. The rod may be hollow by use of clever seals or may consist of multiple small-diameter rods. A small amount of oil is normally present. The gas may be introduced by a Schrader-type valve, using a lip seal around the rod and forcing it to allow gas in by external overpressure or a shuttling O-ring system. Gas springs of high pressure contain a very large amount of energy and can be used as a power pack. In emergency use the gas may be introduced via a gas generator cell, similar to those used in airbags. Gas springs are used to operate the main valve on Formula 1 racing cars.
Features.
A variety of features are available from various manufacturers:
References.
http://camloc.com/how-gas-springs-work
DIN 4550
http://gassprings.wix.com/support#!what-is-a-gas-spring/cu7l

</doc>
<doc id="9882879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882879" title="Jackie Marchand">
Jackie Marchand

Jackie Marchand is a television writer and producer, she is best known for her work on the children's action/adventure series "Power Rangers", 
Career.
Jackie Marchand is, as of ', the longest running veteran on the show since Judd Lynn, whom she shared co-writing duties with until he left at the end of '.
Taking a break from the show after "Time Force", Marchand was brought back to work on the franchise in 2003 by Disney when they began filming new episodes of PR in New Zealand under the Village Roadshow production team. She contributed to ' and '. 
Since then, Marchand has served the current team behind Ranger Productions. She has been promoted several times during the course of the last two seasons, becoming the story editor in ', and serving as co-producer of ', ', '.
Marchand also played an uncredited voice role in 1998's "Power Rangers in Space", as the voice of the monster named Mamamite.
Marchand made an appearance at the Power Morphicon, the first Power Rangers fan convention, in June 2007. She was recently profiled by Yahoo.com Media as part of their coverage of the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.

</doc>
<doc id="9882885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882885" title="Mobile advertising">
Mobile advertising

Mobile advertising is a form of advertising via mobile (wireless) phones or other mobile devices. It is a subset of mobile marketing.
Overview.
Some see mobile advertising as closely related to online or internet advertising, though its reach is far greater - currently, most mobile advertising is targeted at mobile phones, that came estimably to a global total of 4.6 billion as of 2009. Notably computers, including desktops and laptops, are currently estimated at 1.1 billion globally. 
It is probable that advertisers and media industry will increasingly take account of a bigger and fast-growing mobile market, though it remains at around 1% of global advertising spend. Mobile media is evolving rapidly and while mobile phones will continue to be the mainstay, it is not clear whether mobile phones based on cellular backhaul or smartphones based on WiFi hot spot or WiMAX hot zone will also strengthen. However, such is the emergence of this form of advertising, that there is now a dedicated global awards ceremony organised every year by Visiongain.
As mobile phones outnumber TV sets by over 3 to 1, and PC based internet users by over 4 to 1, and the total laptop and desktop PC population by nearly 5 to 1, advertisers in many markets have recently rushed to this media. In Spain 75% of mobile phone owners receive ads, in France 62% and in Japan 54%. More remarkably as mobile advertising matures, like in the most advanced markets, the user involvement also matures. In Japan today, already 44% of mobile phone owners click on ads they receive on their phones. Mobile advertising was worth 900 million dollars in Japan alone. According to the research firm Berg Insight the global mobile advertising market that was estimated to € 1 billion in 2008. Furthermore, Berg Insight forecasts the global mobile advertising market to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 43 percent to € 8.7 billion in 2014.
In the Q2 2013 "State of Mobile Advertising Report" by Opera Mediaworks, it is reported that mobile advertising is growing globally at a rapid rate. Rich media ads are now averaging a 1.53 percentage click rate among users. In app large banner adds are still the most popular, but they are on the decline.
Types of mobile ads.
In some markets, this type of advertising is most commonly seen as a Mobile Web Banner (top of page) or Mobile Web Poster (bottom of page banner), while in others, it is dominated by SMS advertising (which has been estimated at over 90% of mobile marketing revenue worldwide). Other forms include MMS advertising, advertising within mobile games and mobile videos, during mobile TV receipt, full-screen interstitials, which appear while a requested item of mobile content or mobile web page is loading up, and audio advertisements that can take the form of a jingle before a voicemail recording, or an audio recording played while interacting with a telephone-based service such as movie ticketing or directory assistance.
The Mobile Marketing Association and the IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) has published mobile advertising guidelines, but it is difficult to keep such guidelines current in such a fast-developing area.
The effectiveness of a mobile media ad campaign can be measured in a variety of ways. The main measurements are impressions (views) and click-through rates. They are also sold to advertisers by views (Cost Per Impression) or by click-through (Cost Per Click). Additional measurements include conversion rates, such as click-to-call rates and other degrees of interactive measurement.
Mobile media can run on a mobile web page or within a mobile application, often referred to as in-App.
One of the popular models in mobile advertising is Cost Per Install (CPI) where there the pricing model is based on the user installing an App on their mobile phone. CPI Mobile Advertising Networks work either as incent or non-incent. In the incent model the user is given virtual points or rewards to install the game or App.
Mobile Rich Media.
In addition to standard mobile display banners, a growing trend is to include rich media execution within the banner ads. This includes banners that would expand to a larger size, offering advertisers a larger display to communicate their message. Games within the banner to make the experience more interactive or a video within the banner space.
There are limitations to rich media on mobile because all of the coding must be done in HTML5, since the iOS does not support flash.
Handsets display and corresponding ad images.
There are hundreds of handsets in the market and they differ by screen size and supported technologies (e.g. MMS, WAP 2.0). For color images, formats such as PNG, JPEG, GIF and BMP are typically supported, along with the monochrome WBMP format. The following gives an overview of various handset screen sizes and a recommended image size for each type.
Source: Mobile Marketing Association
History.
Martin Cooper invented a portable handset in 1973, when he was a project manager at Motorola. It was almost three decades after the idea of cellular communications was introduced by Bell Laboratories. Two decades later, cellular phones made a commercial debut in the mass market in the early 1990s. In the early days of cellular handsets, phone functionality was limited to dialing, and voice input/output. 
When the second generation of mobile telecoms (so-called 2G) was introduced in Finland by Radiolinja (now Elisa) on the GSM standard (now the world's most common mobile technology with over 2 billion users) in 1991, the digital technology introduced data services. SMS text messaging was the first such service. The first person-to-person SMS text message was sent in Finland in December 1994. SMS (Short Message Service) gradually began to grow, becoming the largest data service by number of users in the world, currently with 74% of all mobile subscribers or 2.4 billion people active users of SMS in 2007.
One advantage of SMS is that while even in conference, users are able to send and receive brief messages unobtrusively, while enjoying privacy. Even in such environments as in a restaurant, café, bank, travel agency office, and so on, the users can enjoy some privacy by sending/receiving brief text messages in an unobtrusive way. 
It would take six years from the launch of SMS until the first case of advertising would appear on this new data media channel, when a Finnish news provider offered free news headlines via SMS, sponsored by advertising. This led to rapid experimentation in mobile advertising and mobile marketing, and the world's first conference to discuss mobile advertising was held in London in 2000, sponsored by the Wireless Marketing Association (which later merged into the Mobile Marketing Association). The first books to discuss mobile advertising were Ahonen's M-Profits and Haig's Mobile Marketing in 2002. Several major mobile operators around the world launched their own mobile advertising arms, like Aircross in South Korea, owned by the parents of SK Telecoms the biggest mobile operator, or like D2 Communications in Japan, the joint venture of Japan's largest mobile operator NTT DoCoMo and Dentsu, Japan's largest ad agency.
Mobile as media.
This unobtrusive two-way communications caught the attention of media industry and advertisers as well as cellphone makers and telecom operators. Eventually, SMS became a new media - called the “seventh mass media channel” by several media and mobile experts - and even more, it is a two-way mobile media, as opposed to one-way immobile media like radios, newspapers and TV. Besides, the immediacy of responsiveness in this two-way media is a new territory found for media industry and advertisers, who are eager to measure up market response immediately. Additionally, the possibility of fast delivery of the messages and the ubiquity of the technology (it does not require any additional functionality from the mobile phone, all devices available today are capable of receiving SMS), make it ideal for time- and location-sensitive advertising, such as customer loyalty offers (ex. shopping centres, large brand stores), SMS promotions of events, etc. To leverage this strength of SMS advertising, timely and reliable delivery of messages is paramount, which is guaranteed by some SMS gateway providers. 
Mobile media has begun to draw more significant attention from media giants and advertising industry since the mid-2000s, based on a view that mobile media was to change the way advertisements were made, and that mobile devices can form a new media sector. Despite this, revenues are still a small fraction of the advertising industry as a whole but are most certainly on the rise. Informa reported that mobile advertising in 2007 was worth $2.2 billion. This is less than 0.5% of the approximately $450 billion global advertising industry.
Types of mobile advertising are expected to change rapidly. In other words, mobile technology will come up with a strong push for identifying newer and unheard-of mobile multimedia, with the result that subsequent media migration will greatly stimulate a consumer behavioral shift and establish a paradigm shift in mobile advertising. A major media migration is on, as desktop Internet evolves into mobile Internet. One typical case in point is Nielsen’s buyout of Telephia.
However it should be kept in mind that the rapid change in the technology used by mobile advertisers can also have adverse effect to the number of consumers being reached by the mobile advertisements, due to technical limitations of their mobile devices. Because of that, campaigns that aim to achieve wide response or are targeting lower income groups might be better off relying on older, more widespread mobile advertising technologies, such as SMS.
Viral marketing.
As mobile is an interactive mass media similar to the internet, advertisers are eager to utilize and make use of viral marketing methods, by which one recipient of an advertisement on mobile, will forward that to a friend. This allows users to become part of the advertising experience. At the bare minimum mobile ads with viral abilities can become powerful interactive campaigns. At the extreme, they can become engagement marketing experiences. A key element of mobile marketing campaigns is the most influential member of any target audience or community, which is called the alpha user
Privacy concern.
Advocates have raised the issue of privacy. Targeted mobile marketing requires customization of ad content to reach interested and relevant customers. To customize such behavioral personal data, user profiling, data mining and other behavior watch tools are employed, and privacy advocates warn that this may cause privacy infringement.
Some mobile carriers offer freebie or cheaper rate plans in exchange for SMS or other mobile ads. However, mobile TV and mobile search may override this privacy concern, as soon as they are implemented on a full-blown basis. In a naive way to override privacy concern, however, User’s prior consent needs to be obtained through membership to join or User account to set up. Both mobile TV and mobile search may supersede the way of getting Users’ prior consent through membership or User account because users are free to choose mobile TV channels or mobile search services on a voluntary basis.
Interactivity.
Mobile devices aim to outgrow the domain of voice-intensive cellphones and to enter a new world of multimedia mobile devices, like laptops, PDA phones and smartphones. Unlike the conventional one-way media like TV, radio and newspaper, web media has enabled two-way traffic, thereby introducing a new phase of interactive advertising, regardless of whether static or mobile. 
This user-centric approach was noted at the 96th annual conference of Association of National Advertisers in 2006, which described ”a need to replace decades worth of top-down marketing tactics with bottom-up, grass-roots approaches”. 
Many use 2d bar codes to make offline print material more interactive with their mobile device. This has been proven to be successful in Japan, UK, Philippines and has been catching on in Northern America.
Mobile device issues.
Coincidentally, however, mobile devices are encountering technological bottlenecks in terms of battery life, formats, and safety issue
In a broad sense, mobile devices are categorically broken down into portable and stationary equipment. Technically, mobile devices are categorized as below:
The battery life and safety issues will perhaps combine to eventually push mobile equipment’s inroads into vehicle dashtops. However, satellite-based GPS navigation and satellite radio may already hit a snag because of their part-time usage and technological hierarchy. Put differently, people want more functions than GPS navigation and satellite radios. The trend indicates an ongoing convergence into all-in-one dashtop mobile devices incorporating GPS navigators, satellite radios, MP3 players, mobile TV, mobile Internet, MVDER (vehicle black box), driving safety monitors, smartphones and even video games.

</doc>
<doc id="9882915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882915" title="Sheeted dyke complex">
Sheeted dyke complex

A sheeted dyke complex or sheeted dike complex is a normal component of an ophiolite, a piece of oceanic crust that has been emplaced within a sequence of continental rocks. In the original formation environment below the sea floor the dykes acted as feeders for the overlying sequence of extrusive rocks, typically pillow lavas forming a layer of the oceanic crust. As each injection of a dyke represents one increment of seafloor spreading, each dyke was normally intruded into earlier dykes. The dykes are typically dolerites but plagiogranites (trondhjemites) often form a significant part of the complex.
See also.
Dike swarm

</doc>
<doc id="9882930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882930" title="Democratic Union for the Republic">
Democratic Union for the Republic

The Democratic Union for the Republic ("Unione Democratica per la Repubblica", UDR) was a short-lived centrist Christian democratic political party in Italy.
It was founded in February 1998 by Francesco Cossiga, Clemente Mastella (ex-Christian Democratic Centre, then leader of the Christian Democrats for the Republic), Rocco Buttiglione (leader of the United Christian Democrats), Mario Segni (leader of Patto Segni), Carlo Scognamiglio Pasini (ex-FI), Enrico Ferri (ex-CCD) and Irene Pivetti (ex-Lega Nord), along with many other MPs elected for the centre-right, in order to provide a majority in Parliament for Massimo D'Alema's government. UDR was initially only a federation of parties, but in June CDR, CDU and Patto Segni merged to form a united party. Clemente Mastella was elected Secretary of the new party.
After disagreements between Cossiga and Mastella, the party broke up in February 1999. Most party members rallied behind Mastella and entered in his Union of Democrats for Europe (UDEUR). Those around Cossiga formed the Union for the Republic (UpR), whose leading members, such as Angelo Sanza and Giorgio Rebuffa, entered in Forza Italia in 2001. The most notable exception was Carlo Scognamiglio Pasini who joined the Federation of Italian Liberals, and then European Democracy and the Pact of Liberal Democrats. Buttiglione had previously re-established CDU, as Segni did with his Patto, while Ferri joined Forza Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="9882931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882931" title="Sixth Form College, Farnborough">
Sixth Form College, Farnborough

The Sixth Form College Farnborough is a sixth form college situated in Farnborough, Hampshire. It caters for around 3000 students and admission is mostly from schools in the local areas of Surrey, Hampshire and Berkshire. The college is often referred to as 'Farnborough Sixth' to differentiate it from Farnborough College of Technology. 
Awards.
In 2006, the College ranked third place in the school league table for Hampshire, achieving a higher ranking for A-Level results than several highly regarded independent and private schools in the area.
In 2007, the College was rated 'Outstanding' by Her Majesty’s Chief Inspector, and it retains Beacon Status as one of the country’s top sixth form colleges.
In 2010, the college was one of the first colleges nationwide to gain the 'NFER Research-Engaged Award'.
In 2012, HRH Prince Philip presented the college with one of the first Duke of Edinburgh Award Operating Licences, making the college a Directly Licensed Centre in the Duke of Edinburgh Award network.
The college has also attained awards including the 'Investors in People', 'Investors in Careers', 'Positive about Disabled People' and 'Fairtrade' awards.
History.
The College was originally founded as the Farnborough Grammar School in September 1936, when the Aldershot County High School outgrew its premises and the boys were relocated to Farnborough.
The Sixth Form College was created from 1974 to 1978, gradually enlarging as the number of Grammar School pupils reduced. Since being incorporated as a sixth form college in 1992, it has grown fast from 1,180 full-time students in 1992 to now having over 3000.
Dr John J Guy was the principal from 1992 to 2010. He served on a number of government committees, including the Tomlinson Committee on 14-19 reform, and in 2001 was awarded the OBE for services to education. 
He was succeeded as principal in September 2010 by the college's deputy principal, Simon Jarvis.
College facilities.
The college has recently undergone a major building programme costing over £15 million. The first project was the Prospect Theatre and performing arts suite, which was opened by Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex in 2000. Also, The Dame Kelly Holmes Sports Centre was officially opened on 25 April 2007 by the double Olympic gold medallist. The developments have also seen the construction of a brand new quad built in the centre of the college, and the Whitehouse Building which boasts an e-Assessment Centre - an IT centre for students to use. The latest building is the John Guy Building, a new block which replaced the former 1960s Scola block. The John Guy Building was opened by the Secretary of State for Education, Michael Gove in 2010 and houses the physics, electronic, arts and photographic departments. It was given a BREEAM 'Excellent' rating. The college has three cafeterias: Café Direct, The Greenhouse and Shades. The college also has two large fields which are used for sports and recreational purposes.
Student Association.
Every March, students elect a President, Vice President, and various officers to organise student affairs and social activities both in and outside of the College, as well as charity events. The President and Vice President are members of the Governing Body of the College Corporation. 
In October 2007, the 2007/2008 Student Association broke the College record, which had been set the previous year, for the most amount of money raised in a single college day; the £1,800 that was raised eventually went to a variety of gene therapy charities through the 'Jeans for Genes' initiative. In 2007 the school undertook a massive project for Red Nose Day in which over a thousand students took to the field holding red paper above their heads, first making the shape of a nose and then a 6 (the logo of the college), filmed by the BBC from a helicopter.
The 2011/2012 Student Association raised over £20,000 for a variety of local charities over the academic year, the highest raised for charity by the college so far. The 2012/2013 Student Association reestablished the Student College Magazine and have forged links with other local colleges through a Battle of the Bands Competition.
Enrichment.
Outside of the classroom, the college runs a comprehensive enrichment programme. The college runs a number of successful sport teams and other societies. One project with local schools, Copperlink, produces a drama production with a local handicapped school every year. The college also runs inter-collegial schemes including World Challenge and Young Enterprise.
The college has recently established links with Presbyterian Secondary Technical School, Aburi, Ghana. This project is called the Ghana Link and it aims to broaden students from both schools' horizons and develop a two way partnership that would be of benefit to both parties. In June 2007 15 students from the sixth form college went to the school in Ghana and stayed for ten days there they took part in many lessons and enrichment activities. Following this successful visit, which strengthened links between the schools, students at Farnborough Sixth Form College raised funds for students of the Presby Secondary Technical School, Aburi to visit the UK and stay with the students they hosted over the summer. A second batch of students from Farnborough Sixth Form College have stayed with families in Aburi, to continue this link between the schools. However there is growing concern that Farnborough Sixth Form College could do more to help the Ghanaian school. A longer stay in Ghana for the English students is being considered ( an increase to 14 days rather than 10). This longer stay will give the English students a better opportunity to teach which the Ghanaian children would greatly appreciate.
The college has a dedicated Film Production enrichment program which produces commercial and non-commercial films for outside companies and student film fesitivals.
In March 2000, Prince Edward opened the new £2.5 million Performing Arts Centre incorporating the modern 300-seat Prospect Theatre and teaching suites for music, dance and drama. Touring theatre groups regularly visit the theatre to give public performances. 
One of the music enrichments making use of this facility is the biannual college Opera Project, where full-scale operas are performed by students. In 2006, the college staged "The Marriage of Figaro" by Mozart, acclaimed within the community. Following the success of this first opera, a performance of Engelbert Humperdinck's "Hansel and Gretel" took place in July 2008.
CristalWeb.
CristalWeb is the college's web-based management information system that allows both students and staff to see the data that the college holds on them. It is extensively used within the college, to pass messages from staff to students, take registers of classes, submit absence reasons, look up exam results, amend certificates of enrichment, and edit students' personal information. It also enables access from outside the college campus to SixthNet, and its newer version: Moodle, the series of web-pages for each subject faculty containing homework, revision aids and past exam papers, in addition to information about the departments. The system has been operating since mid-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9882953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882953" title="Old City, Knoxville">
Old City, Knoxville

The Old City is a neighborhood in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States, located at the northeast corner of the city's downtown area. Originally part of a raucous and vice-ridden section of town known as "The Bowery," the Old City has since been revitalized through extensive redevelopment efforts carried out during the 1980s and 1990s. Presently, the Old City is an offbeat urban neighborhood, home to several unique restaurants, bars, clubs, and shops. 
In spite of its name, the Old City is not the oldest section of Knoxville. Most of the neighborhood was not part of the city until the 1850s, when the arrival of the railroad encouraged the city to annex the areas north of Vine Avenue. The railroad brought an influx of Irish immigrants, who established the Old City's first saloons and shops. After the Civil War, Knoxville developed into one of the southeast's largest wholesaling centers. Wholesalers built large warehouses, such as the ones along Jackson Avenue, where rural East Tennessee merchants came to buy the goods with which they stocked their general stores.
By the early 1900s, Central Street was lined with saloons and brothels. Violent crime and prostitution continued to be a problem into the 1960s, causing many of the neighborhood's businesses to flee the area. Beginning in the 1970s, successful redevelopment efforts led by Kristopher Kendrick (who coined the name "Old City") and Peter Calandruccio revitalized the neighborhood. In 1985, most of the neighborhood's historic buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Southern Terminal and Warehouse Historic District. 
Location.
The Old City is concentrated around the intersection of Central Street and Jackson Avenue, adjacent to the Southern Terminal tracks and railyard (now part of the Norfolk Southern system). The neighborhood is roughly bounded by Magnolia Avenue on the north, Gay Street on the west, Summit Hill Drive on the south, and the interstate overpasses on the east. Interstate 40 passes just north of the Old City, and is accessible via the Downtown Loop from Summit Hill Drive.
History.
19th century.
During the first half of the 19th century, Knoxville's northward expansion was slow. By 1852, Vine Avenue marked the city's northern limits. The establishment of Market Square in 1854 and the arrival of the railroad in 1855 catalyzed development north of the city, however, and by the end of 1855 the city's limits had pushed northward to what is now Emory Place. 
The arrival of the railroad had a major impact on the city's cultural makeup, as hundreds of Irish immigrants arrived in town to help construct the railroad tracks and facilities. Many of these immigrants settled in what is now the Old City, so much so that at one point the area was known as "Irish Town." After the Civil War, Irish businessmen began building saloons and shops along Central (originally Crozier) Street that served the city's railroad traffic. Among these businesses was a saloon built by Patrick Sullivan (1840—1925), which initially operated out of a wooden structure before Sullivan erected the elaborate brick building that still stands at the corner of Central and Jackson.
In 1869, Knoxville's two main rail lines merged to form the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad, which in subsequent years constructed or acquired over of track across the southeast, leading to a wholesaling and industrial boom in the city. By 1886, several factories had moved into the Old City. The Burr and Terry Sash Factory stood at what is now the intersection of Central and Jackson. The four-story City Mills (later White Lily) plant and the Beach's Marble Works finishing mill stood along Depot, and the Elridge Carriage Factory operated near the modern corner of Central and Summit Hill.
Early 1900s.
By the early 1900s, Central Street had developed into a raucous area known as "The Bowery," presumably after the New York neighborhood of similar repute. A 1900 article described the Bowery as being "congregated by nine-tenths of the criminal element" of Knoxville, and according to historian Jack Neely, "saloons, whorehouses, cocaine parlors, gambling dens, and poolrooms" lined Central from the tracks to the river. Florida Street, which ran adjacent to Central prior to expressway construction, developed into a red-light district known as "Friendly Town."
Bar fights and shootouts were not uncommon at the Bowery's saloons. The most well-known of the Bowery's gunfights occurred at Ike Jones' bar on Central on December 13, 1901, when outlaw Kid Curry (a member of Butch Cassidy's Wild Bunch) shot two Knoxville police officers. Curry was eventually captured and jailed, but managed to escape. The shooting became a rallying cry for the city's prohibitionists, who shouted down Knoxville mayor Samuel Heiskell with chants of "Harvey Logan" (Curry's real name) during a rally on Market Square in 1907. 
Peace Corps "progenitor" James Herman Robinson (1907–1972) grew up in a polluted and disease-ridden slum known as "The Bottoms," which lay adjacent to the Bowery on the banks of First Creek. In his autobiography, "Road Without Turning", Robinson describes the Bottoms as the "lowest" part of Knoxville, "geographically, morally, and economically." He later joined a gang which hung out at the corner of Central and Vine, where they witnessed "every lewd act and heard every vile phrase descriptive of it." 
While the Bowery was one of the most crime-ridden sections of Knoxville, it was also one of the most diverse, and was one of the few parts of town where black-owned businesses functioned next to white-owned businesses. Black-owned businesses in the neighborhood included the Gem Theater, the Dogan-Gaither Motel, Gleaner Printing Company, and Easley's Grocery. In the early 1900s, Greek immigrant Constantine Stergiokis opened one of Knoxville's first Greek restaurants along Central. After citywide prohibition shut down Knoxville's saloons, the Italian-American Armetta family opened an ice cream parlor in the Sullivan building.
Part of the Knoxville Riot of 1919, one of the city's worst racial episodes, took place in the Bowery on August 30, 1919. Early that morning, a white woman was murdered, and police arrested Maurice Mayes, a prominent local mulatto, for the crime. That afternoon, a lynch mob broke into the jail, and failing to find Mayes, freed several inmates and looted the liquor storage room. As the riot spread into the streets, the rioters made their way to the Bowery, where they attacked and exchanged gunfire with black residents along Vine Avenue. The National Guard finally restored order the following morning.
Revitalization.
As crime persisted in the Bowery, businesses began moving away. In the 1940s, JFG Coffee, which had opened its processing plant on West Jackson in 1921, threatened to move to a new location, complaining that the company's truck drivers were consistently mobbed by prostitutes. Walter McGinnis, who operated the Tri-City Barber College at the corner of Jackson and Central from 1952 until 1992, recalled that, "Saturday at noon, the sawmills would close, and the people who worked in the forest would come to South Central. By 5 o'clock that night they were all pretty drunk and fightin.'" 
Several scenes in Cormac McCarthy's 1979 novel, "Suttree", take place in the Old City. In one scene, the title character passes along Central, where "loud and shoddy commerce erupted out of the dim shops into the streets and packs of scarred dogs wandered," en route to sell his fish to a Central Street butcher. In another scene, a friend of Suttree's tells a story about a murderer showing off his victim's severed head at a bar on Central. The book also mentions the "Corner Grill" (later the Corner Lounge), which operated on North Central from the 1930s until 2008.
During the 1970s, developer Kristopher Kendrick began buying up properties in the Old City. In a 1994 interview, Kendrick mentioned a conversation he had had with Coca-Cola bottler Patrick Roddy that would inspire the new name for the neighborhood. "I told him that we had bought property down there," Kendrick recalled, "and he said, 'Kris, that's the old city,' and I said, 'Pat, that's the perfect name.'" By the late 1980s, several new businesses had opened in the Old City, including Annie's, Old City Mercantile, Kerby's Antiques, and Hewgley's Music. Sullivan's Saloon "reopened" as Patrick Sullivan's Steakhouse and Saloon on St. Patrick's Day in 1988.
Economy.
Now considered the "club district" of Knoxville (currently no strip clubs), the Old City is generally made up of warehouses, buildings of light industrial use, and a small historically commercial strip along South Central Street. The White Lily Foods plant, which had operated since 1885, shut down in 2008. JFG Coffee was for decades located in several buildings in the Old City, but has recently moved. The former JFG roasting facility at 200 West Jackson Avenue was redevleoped into the JFG Flats residential lofts in 2009, and the White Lily Foods building was purchased in 2012 by the same company that developed the roasting facility (Dewhirst Properties). It will be developed for residential rental apartments in 2013 and 2014. John H. Daniel Company, a custom tailoring company, has operated on West Jackson since 1928.
There are several loft apartments in the older buildings of the Old City, many located behind and above offices and stores. The Jackson Ateliers Building and Hewgley Park lofts have been residential locations for many years. The Jacksonian Condos, JFG Flats, and Fire Street Lofts, have been redeveloped more recently as upscale condominiums, some listing in excess of $600,000. 
The area tends to attract young single adults, who are sometimes affiliated with the University of Tennessee, which is less than two miles away. The Old City's proximity to entertainment and nightlife make it an attractive place to live for many young adults. The Old City has a noticeable presence of homeless people, but violence is uncommon and the main concern is panhandling.

</doc>
<doc id="9882957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882957" title="John Bylsma">
John Bylsma

John Bylsma (born 1 February 1946, Bundaberg) is an Australian former track cyclist who won a silver medal at the 1966 Commonwealth Games in the 4000 metre individual pursuit.
Palmarès.
Australian Individual Pursuit Champion (Amateur)1965, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1969,1971 & 1972/
Australian Individual Pursuit Champion (Professional) 1973, 1975 
1966:Silver Medalist -Pursuit, Cwlth Games Jamaica
1967: 4th World Championships, Amsterdam
1968: 4th Olympic Games, Mexico
1972: 4th Olympic Games, Munich
1965/1975 Winning member of 7 Australian Teams Pursuit Titles
Road Races
1964: 1st Greenvale 100 Kilometre, 
1966: 1st Bendigo to Charlton
1968: 1st Melbourne to Castlemaine, 1st Yea Open, 1st City of Adelaide Criterium,
1970: Fastest Time, Melbourne to Colac
1972: 1st Victorian 100 Kilometre Championship
1974: 1st, Fastest & 150Mile Champion, Melbourne to Warrnambool

</doc>
<doc id="9882972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882972" title="Diss Express">
Diss Express

The Diss Express is an English newspaper that covers a 500-square-mile circulation area on the Norfolk/Suffolk border and has a print/online audience of more than 29,000. It is owned by Johnston Press with a print edition released every Friday. Major towns and villages covered by the Diss Express include Diss, Eye, Harleston, Debenham and Long Stratton.
The paper was founded by Mr Abbott in November 1864 as the Diss Express and Norfolk & Suffolk Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="9882980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882980" title="Jorge de Cabedo">
Jorge de Cabedo

Jorge de Cabedo (1525 – c. 1604) was a Portuguese jurist. Cabedo studied law at Coimbra and then came to hold the highest government offices. He was a judge of the Casa da Suplicação and on the supreme court (the Desembargo do Paço), as well as Chanceler-mor do Reino. He also headed the royal archives and served as Portuguese representative to the court of Madrid.
Among his most important scholarly works were his extensive reports of decisions by the Casa de Suplicação, the "Practicarum observationum, sive Decisionum supremi senatus regni Lusitaniae". He also authored a compilation of laws, promulgated in 1603 by Philip II of Portugal, that was not repealed until 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="9882998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9882998" title="AQuoSA">
AQuoSA

AQuoSA (Adaptive Quality of Service Architecture) is an open architecture for the provisioning of adaptive Quality of Service functionality into the Linux kernel. The project features a flexible, portable, lightweight and open architecture for supporting QoS related services on the top of a general-purpose operating system as Linux. The architecture is well founded on formal scheduling analysis and control theoretical results.
A key feature of AQuoSA is the Resource Reservation layer that is capable of dynamically adapting the CPU allocation for QoS aware applications based on their run-time requirements. In order to provide such functionality, AQuoSA embeds a kernel-level CPU scheduler implementing a resource reservation mechanism for the CPU based on Earliest Deadline First (EDF). This gives the ability to the Linux kernel to realize (partially) temporal isolation among the tasks running within the system.
AQuoSA is one of a few projects that provides real-time scheduling capabilities to unprivileged users on a multi-user system in a controlled way, by means of a properly designed access-control model.
Description.
The architecture of the project may be summarized as follows:
Patch to the Linux kernel.
At the lowest level, a patch to the Linux kernel adds the ability to notify to dynamically loaded modules any relevant scheduling event. These have been identified in the creation or death of tasks, as well as the block and unblock events. This patch is minimally invasive, in that it consists of a few lines of code properly inserted mainly within the Linux scheduler code (sched.c). It has been called "Generic Scheduler Patch", because it potentially allows to implement any scheduling policy.
Resource Reservations.
The Resource Reservations layer is composed of three components.
The core component is a dynamically loadable kernel module that implements a Resource Reservations scheduling paradigm for the CPU, by exploiting functionality introduced into the Linux kernel through the Generic Scheduler Patch.
Second, a user-level library (QRES library) allows an application to use the new scheduling policy through a complete and well-designed set of API calls. Essentially, these calls allow an application to ask the system to reserve a certain percentage of the CPU to their process(es).
Third, a kernel-level component (the Supervisor) mediates all requests made by the applications through the QRES library, so that the total sum of the requested CPU shares does not violate the schedulability condition of the scheduler (less than one, or slightly less than one, due to overhead). The supervisor behaviour is completely configurable by the system administrator, so that it is possible to specify, on a per-user/per-group basis, minimum guaranteed and maximum allowed values for the reservations made on the CPU.
With AQuoSA, applications may use directly the Resource Reservation layer, which allows them to reserve a fraction of the CPU, so to run with the required scheduling guarantees. For example, a multimedia application may ask the operating system to run the application with the guarantee of being scheduled at least for Q milliseconds every P milliseconds, where Q and P depend on the nature of the application.
When registering an application with the Resource Reservation layer, it is possible to specify a minimum guaranteed reservation that the system should always guarantee to the application. Based on the requests of minimum guaranteed reservations, the layer performs admission control, i.e. it allows a new application in only if, after the addition of it, the new set of running applications does not overcome the CPU saturation limit.
Adaptive Reservations.
For typical multimedia application making use of high compression technologies, it may be quite difficult, impractical or inconvenient to run such applications with a fixed reservation on the CPU. In fact, the most efficient reservation that should be used may vary overtime due to varying compression level that results in varying decompression time.
Traditional real-time systems make use of WCET (Worst Case Execution Time) analysis techniques in order to compute what is the maximum time an instance of, for example, a periodic task may execute on the CPU before blocking waiting for the next instance.
Such analysis is very difficult in today's complex multimedia applications, especially when running on general-purpose hardware like standard PCs, where technologies like multi-level caches, CPU execution pipelines, on-bus buffers, multi-master buses, introduce many unpredictable variables in determining the time required for memory accesses.
On such systems, it is much more convenient to tune a system design based on the average expected load of the application. Otherwise, the system may be significantly under-utilized during runtime.
As already mentioned, for certain classes of multimedia applications, such as a video player, it is quite impossible to find an appropriate fixed value for the fraction of CPU required by the application at run-time, due to the heavy fluctuations of the load depending on the actual data that is being processed by the application. A fixed reservation based on the average requirements, or slightly greater than that, results in transient periods of poor quality during runtime (e.g. movie playback). On the other hand, a fixed reservation based on the maximum expected load results in an unneeded over-reservation of the CPU for most of the time, except the periods in which the load really approaches the maximum expected value.
For these classes of applications, it is much more convenient to use the Adaptive Reservation techniques, like the ones provided by the Adaptive Reservation layer of AQuoSA, that performs a continuous on-line monitoring of the computational requirements of the application process(es), so that it may dynamically adapt the reservation made on the CPU depending on the monitored data.
The Adaptive Reservation layer exposes to applications an API for using a set of controllers which are of quite general use within a wide set of multimedia applications.
AQuoSA Access Control Model.
Most real-time variations of Linux require users of real-time capabilities of the modified OS to have root privileges on the system. This is perfectly acceptable in an embedded system context. However, this is excessive for multi-user systems where real-time scheduling features are needed for multimedia applications or similar. Therefore, AQuoSA embeds a dedicated access-control model by which system administrators can:
More details can be found in the paper on the topic published at RTAS 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9883042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883042" title="Saint Fothad">
Saint Fothad

Saint Fothad, also known as Fothad Na Canoine ("of the canon") was an Irish monk and saint who lived in Fahan-Mura monastery during the late 8th century. He moved quickly up to the rank of bard. He then became a counsellor to the Ard Righ (High King of Ireland) of the time, Aedh Oirnidh (ruled 794-814 AD).
He both challenged and supported the king, using his renowned intelligence to write a remonstrance against the King's policy of drafting clergymen, and taking part in his military crusades. One such crusade, against the Leinstermen, had led to a greater veneration of Fothad amongst Irish Catholics. He also edited the "Felire", an encyclopedia of saints compiled by another Irish saint, Saint Aengus.

</doc>
<doc id="9883065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883065" title="Ad Turres (Latium)">
Ad Turres (Latium)

Ad Turres was an ancient city of Latium. Ad Turres originally belonged to the Volsci, and stood on the Via Severiana, 4 miles from Circeii and 9 miles from Tarracina. The location of Ad Turres is not precisely known: the editors of "Hazlitt's Classical Gazetteer" place it at Torre Olevola, the editors of the "Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World" tentatively place it at San Felice Circeo. Both places are in the modern Province of Latina, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9883075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883075" title="Houston Street Ferry">
Houston Street Ferry

The Houston Street Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining Houston Street (Manhattan) and Grand Street (Brooklyn) across the East River.
History.
The Houston Street Ferry began operations in 1840, joining the Grand Street Ferry at Grand Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9883089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883089" title="Ría de Arousa">
Ría de Arousa

The Ría de Arousa is a ria, a saline estuary, that forms a firth situated on Galicia, Spain. It is one of the five "Rías Baixas". The Ría de Arousa estuary is the largest of the estuaries of Galicia. It is part of the Rias Baixas and is located between the estuary of Muros and Noia to the north and the Pontevedra estuary to the south. The peninsulas of Barbanza, in the province of A Coruña, and O Salnés, in the province of Pontevedra, are those who define their coasts on the north and south, respectively.
It is the largest estuary, although not reaching the higher levels bathymetric, at 69 m maximum depth at the mouth. It has numerous islands and islets among which the island of Arousa, A Toxa, Sálvora in the mouth and Cortegada at the entrance. The main rivers that flow to it are the Ulla river at its headwaters and the river Umia in the cove that forms the peninsula of O Grove with the coast of Cambados.
The most important river towns are Ribeira, Pobra do Caramiñal, Rianxo and Boiro to the north, and Vilagarcía de Arousa, Vilanova de Arousa, Cambados and O Grove to the south, and Arousa in the homonymous island.
Zones.
The northern zone, corresponding to the province of A Coruña, is relatively steep, with the Serra da Barbanza near the coast. The beaches take a few metres depth from the shore, forming sand banks in the interior bays.
The southern zone, corresponding to the province of Pontevedra, is a flood zone, where the river Umia ends. The characteristic of the coast is shallow, with extensive formation of sand banks, where many arenicolous bivalves are grown like cockles or clams. The most well-known banks of Sarrido belong to the delta of Umia river and Os Lombos do Ulla belonging to the homonymous river delta. This southern area is relatively flat up to the highlands of Mount Castrove, which separates it from the Ría de Pontevedra, and is characterized by small farm plots usually cultivated with vegetables (Padrón peppers, tomato, lettuce and legumes) or grapevines. The graphevines in the O Salnés area is mostly white grape Salnés (varieties Albariño wine). There are also cultivated dark grapes for the production of red wine also known Barrantes. There are also pink grape cultivated with which Catalan wine is made.
Fauna.
Its physical configuration allows a high production of phytoplankton, with a characteristic ocean flow that makes this river famous for its rich marine life. It is the area of greatest mussel production in all the world. They are grown in nurseries, cultivated in floating rafts.

</doc>
<doc id="9883091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883091" title="Gariahat Road">
Gariahat Road

Gariahat Road connects Ballygunge Phari with Prince Anwar Shah Road and Raja SC Mullick Road near Jadavpur Police station on the southern part of Kolkata, India.
Localities.
Gariahat falls under Ballygunge area and is a Retail Market for saris (not only from typical Bengal but from all across India), electronics, good restaurants & all together provide a very long stretch for window shopping too. It is the hub and shopping capital of South Kolkata.
It is one of the main roads of South Kolkata that starts from Ballygunge Phari-Hazra Road crossing and from there travels southwards towards the Gariahat market. The Ballygunge AC market and the Dakshinapan shopping center are two of the main attractions that one will find on the Gariahat Road. A newly built mall named Mukti World, came up near Ballygunge Phari joining the bandwagon of malls in Kolkata. Many handicraft and textiles emporium of government can also be seen here. A huge number of jewellery shops are also located here. Gariahat is also famous for its fish market.
It connects to / intersects some of the most important roads of the city namely Ballygunge Circular Road, Gurusaday Dutta Road, Hazra Road, Rashbehari Avenue, Southern Avenue and Prince Anwar Shah Road. Smaller roads like Garcha Road, Dover Lane, Hindustan Road, Ekdalia Road, South End Park, etc. all originate from Gariahat Road.
The entire stretch starts from Park Circus Crossing (where it is known as Syed Amir Ali Avenue), and heads south through Ashutosh Chowdhury Avenue (known as Old Ballygunge Road) with Birla Mandir, Birla Industrial and Technological Museum on its sides, then bears the name Gariahat Road from Ballygunge Phari and passes by Gol Park, and moves on to Dhakuria Bridge after which it is known as Gariahat Road (South), having Jodhpur Park to its right and Dhakuria/Selimpur to its left (East). The road eventually connects to Raja SC Mullick Road (which goes down south up to Garia) at the intersection of Prince Anwar Shah Road and Jadavpur Police station. Jadavpur University happens to be one of the major landmarks at one end of this road as it winds its way down from Park Circus, Ballygunge, Gariahat Crossing, Gol Park Mission Institute of Culture, Kankulia/Keyatala, Dhakuria & Jodhpur Park.
The stretch from the Gariahat crossing to the Park Circus crossing, passing through the posh Ballygunge area, is among the busiest and probably the most important artery in south Kolkata.

</doc>
<doc id="9883094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883094" title="Larry Swider">
Larry Swider

Larry Swider (born February 1, 1955 in Limestone, Maine) is a former American football punter. He played in the National Football League from 1979 to 1982. He then played in the United States Football League for the Pittsburgh Maulers and the Jacksonville Bulls.

</doc>
<doc id="9883098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883098" title="Peck Slip Ferry">
Peck Slip Ferry

The Peck Slip Ferry was a ferry route connecting Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, United States, joining Peck Slip (Manhattan) and Broadway (Brooklyn) across the East River.
History.
The Peck Slip Ferry began operations in 1836, supplementing the Grand Street Ferry.

</doc>
<doc id="9883115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883115" title="Geer-Melkus Construction Co., Inc.">
Geer-Melkus Construction Co., Inc.

Geer-Melkus Construction Co., Inc. was a commercial construction company located in Grand Island, Nebraska. The company was founded in 1893 and was in existence until 1986.
Originally known as the Geer Company, it later became known as Geer-Maurer Construction Company before becoming known as Geer-Melkus. Geer-Melkus was the general contractor on many prominent buildings and civil engineering projects throughout the Midwest, including the Stuhr Museum of the Prairie Pioneer in Grand Island, designed by Edward Durell Stone.
The company was involved in several prominent lawsuits, including "Geer-Melkus Constr. Co. v. United States", 302 F.2d 181 (8th Cir. 1962); "United States v. Geer-Melkus Constr. Co.", 195 F. Supp. 362 (D.N.D. 1961); "Wood River v. Geer-Melkus Constr. Co.", 233 Neb. 179 (Neb. 1989); and "Geer-Melkus Constr. Co. v. Hall County Museum Board", 186 Neb. 615 (Neb. 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="9883131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883131" title="GEC Medical">
GEC Medical

GEC Medical was a unit of the General Electric Company that was headquartered in what was known as East Lane Industrial Estate in North Wembley, behind the Hirst Research Centre which fronted East Lane. 
The East Lane Industrial Estate boasted a triangular illuminated rotating sign of the same design as the one at Scotland Yard, but translucent and coloured bright yellow. The company was known as Watson & Son (X-Ray) Ltd. until the merger in 1954 with A. E. Dean and Co. of Croydon. Watson and Sons had originally manufactured microscopes and other optical instruments, but in the late 19th century had seen the opportunity of making X-Ray equipment. They became part of GEC in the very early part of the 20th Century. 
The main business of the merged GEC Medical was the manufacture of X-Ray equipment, including X-Ray tubes which were made under licence from a US company called Machlett Laboratories. Other products were the high voltage supplies needed for X-Ray tubes, the tables for positioning patients and many other accessories besides. It also employed a fairly large number of people supplying spare parts and servicing the pieces of equipment that were sold by the company. In the late 1980s the company introduced the concept of using a higher than mains frequency in an X-Ray power supply. One of the last products made by the company before it closed was a mammography unit. Until closure GEC Medical had around 40% of the UK market for medical imaging devices.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
GEC also funded some of the development of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) using resistive magnet technology. At the same time, EMI Medical who had introduced the CT Scanner some time before using the principle of Godfrey Hounsfield, for which he won the 1979 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, were developing MRI using cryogenic magnets - which gave a higher field strength. At the time the maximum field strength with a resistive magnet was about 0.1T. With a cryogenic magnet, 1.0 T was easily achieved. EMI Medical went bankrupt at around this time so their interests in MRI were bought by GEC. This was a major impetus for GEC's acquisition of Picker Corporation in 1981. 
The merged company as Picker International had the first MRI scanner approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on the US market. However business in the following decade did not suit them, and despite winning an order for air-droppable X-Ray units for the US Army, they closed the factory at Wembley in 1990, along with other sites in Canada and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9883136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883136" title="Scott Hastings (baseball)">
Scott Hastings (baseball)

Winfield Scott Hastings (August 10, 1847 – August 14, 1907) was a major league baseball player and manager in the late 19th century. Primarily a catcher and outfielder, Hastings also appeared as a first baseman, second baseman, and shortstop over the course of his career.
Early career.
Born in Hillsboro, Ohio, Hastings made his major league debut on May 6, for the Rockford Forest Citys of the National Association as the starting catcher and manager of the team. The team disbanded after the 1871 season and Hastings moved to the Cleveland Forest Citys for the campaign as a player-manager again. Rotating between catcher, second base and outfield, Hastings was batting .391 when the team folded on August 19.
Hastings then moved to the Baltimore Canaries to finish out the season, primarily catching and hitting a respectable .306. Hastings remained with the Canaries for the season, batting .281 and rotating with two other players at the catching position as well as filling in as a fourth outfielder. He moved to the Hartford Dark Blues in , once again platooning at catcher and playing in the outfield when not behind the plate. Hastings had a good year, hitting .325 and leading the team in runs scored.
Later career.
Hastings was on the move again for , joining the Chicago White Stockings. Hastings was the regular catcher for Chicago but his average fell to .254. White Stockings owner William Hulbert found Hastings expendable as he signed Deacon White from the Boston Red Stockings to replace him. Hastings caught on with the Louisville Grays for the season in the new National League. Hastings was the everyday center fielder for the Grays, and although leading the team in runs scored Hastings' average was only .258 and was looking for a new team again after the season.
In , Hastings played for the Cincinnati Reds and was one of six players who caught five games or more. The job was Hastings to lose and he did, batting only .141 for the season, his last in the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="9883138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883138" title="1998 Atlantic Championship season">
1998 Atlantic Championship season

The 1998 Toyota Atlantic Championship season was contested over 13 rounds. All teams had to utilize Toyota engines. The KOOL Toyota Atlantic Championship Drivers' Champion was Lee Bentham driving for Forsythe Racing.
Calendar.
Note:
Race 3 stopped earlier due to rain, originally scheduled over 50 laps.
Final points standings.
Driver.
For every race the points were awarded: 20 points to the winner, 16 for runner up, 14 for third place, 12 for fourth place, 11 for fifth place, winding down to 1 point for 15th place. Lower placed drivers did not award points. Additional points were awarded to the pole winner (1 point) and to the driver leading the most laps (1 point). C2-class drivers were not able to score points in the main class.
Note:
Race 3 only one additional point awarded to Anthony Lazzaro, maybe because the race was abandoned.
Race 4 no additional point for the qualifying was awarded, because no session was held due to repair work on the track, starting lineup based on Friday morning practice times.

</doc>
<doc id="9883156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883156" title="Mea Culpa (disambiguation)">
Mea Culpa (disambiguation)

Mea culpa is Latin for "my fault".
Mea culpa may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9883157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883157" title="Ridgewood, East Sussex">
Ridgewood, East Sussex

Ridgewood is a suburb of Uckfield in South East England
Ridgewood is a village on the south of Uckfield in the South East of England. The village includes the Uckfield Millennium Green, with an area of , making it one of the largest in England. The area used to be home to Wares Potteries, owned by Benjamin Wares which operated until 1963 producing tiles and other ceramic products. The name of the factory is commemorated in the nearby Wares Road. In the Uckfield Millennium Green is a deep quarry where clay was dug in the 19th and 20th centuries and brought by tram up to the workhouse in the top corner of what is now Wares Road. Here the clay was processed and fired into pottery which is popular for collectors today.
Ridgewood has no church, three nursing homes, (one council - Ridgewood Rise, Two private: Copper Beech house (Bupa), Ridgewood Manor.) It has a number of care centres for the disabled - The New Inn and Ridgewood House. It has a Post Office (with adjoining shop) and two bus routes passing through it to Eastbourne via Hailsham and Brighton via Isfield / Halland and Lewes to the south, and Uckfield, Crowborough and Tunbridge Wells to the North. There are two pubs in the Ridgewood village - The Brickmakers Arms and The Highlands, as well as a local hall which is often used for community events and polling. 
The area is threatened by potential developments (construction of 650 new homes directly around the area) on mainly green field land; this has been fought against by much of the local population. However, construction began in late October 2008, the exact number of houses being built is as yet unconfirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="9883159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883159" title="Grand Avenue">
Grand Avenue

Grand Avenue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9883161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883161" title="Tom Skladany">
Tom Skladany

Thomas Edward Skladany (born June 29, 1955 in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania) was an American football punter with a six-year career in the National Football League from 1978 to 1983. Skladany was a three-time All-American at The Ohio State University—(1974, 1975, 1976). He was selected to the Pro Bowl after the 1981 season.
Simmons.

</doc>
<doc id="9883181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883181" title="Battle of Yiwu">
Battle of Yiwu

The Battle of Yiwu (伊吾) is also called the Battle to Defend Yiwu (伊吾保卫战) by the Communist Party of China, and resulted in the communist victory. After the local nationalist commanders in Xinjiang defected to the communist side, many nationalists loyal to Chiang Kai-shek refused to join the communists, and one detachment of these loyal nationalists decided to take the town of Yiwu to turn it into a guerrilla base in order to fight on until the eventual return of Chiang.
The battle.
The 2nd Company of the 46th Regiment of the communist 16th Division with less than 100 men were stationed at the town of Yiwu, 200 km northeast of Hami, and over 700 nationalists under the nationalist Hami special envoy commissioner Yulbars Khan and the former nationalist county head Abdullah (艾拜都拉) of Hami planned to take the town in late March 1950. The nationalist attack on the town was launched according to schedule on March 29, 1950.
The nationalists were confident in that the town could be taken within a little as three days and on the first day of the battle, the nationalists had succeeded in taking the northern and southern peaks next to the town, thus seriously threatened the enemy defenders within the town. Realizing the serious situation, the enemy defenders sent out four squads to retake both peaks, and thus solidified the defense of the town, threatening the nationalists instead. The nationalist attempts to take the two peaks back was met with disastrous failure after several dozens assaults were beaten back with heavy losses. Realizing the tactic must be changed in order to avoid further casualties and the two hilltops must be taken, the nationalists adjusted their tactic of small scale assaults to launch a coordinated large scale attacks on April 5, 1950. After the five hour long battle that lasted from 3:00 AM to 8:00 AM, the nationalist again suffered defeat with great loss due to favorable terrain the enemy defenders enjoyed. It was the last large scale attack the nationalists were able to muster and the defeat cost the nationalists so much that nothing on the similar scale could be repeated again in the battle.
Due to the lack of communication and the closest communist force was more than 200 km away, it was not until early April 1950 did the closest enemy force learned that their comrades in the town of Yiwu (伊吾) was besieged, and sent out a token reinforcement, which was successfully stopped by the nationalists more than a dozen kilometers away from the town. Due to the lack of intelligence, the commander of the enemy reinforcement mistakenly believed that the town had fallen into the nationalist hands when the entire garrison was wiped out, and withdrew to Micheng (沁城) on April 14, 1950. However, the enemy defending Yiwu (伊吾) was far from being wiped out, but instead, successfully beaten back seven nationalist assaults, badly mauling the attacking nationalist in the process by taking advantage of the favorable terrain.
In the beginning of May 1950, the communist 16th Division learned that the 2nd Company of the 46th Regiment still had the town firmly in its hands, and thus immediately sent out two battalions for reinforcement. By May 7, 1950, the enemy reinforcement had taken the Black Hilltop (Hei Shan Tou, 黑山头), and surrounded the nationalists who besieged the town. Sandwiched between the enemy defending the town and the enemy reinforcement surrounding them, the fates of the trapped nationalists were sealed. Realizing it was all over, the nationalists collapsed and attempted to flee despite the fact there was nowhere to escape. The enemy defenders easily linked up with their reinforcement and completely annihilated the nationalists on the same day, and not a single nationalist was able to escape. For its successful defense of the town, Peng Dehuai, the communist defense minister awarded the 2nd Company of the 46th Regiment of the communist 16th Division the title Steel and Iron 2nd Company, while the deputy battalion commander, Hu Qingshan (胡青山) was awarded the title Combat Hero.
Outcome.
The nationalist defeat was primarily due to Chiang Kai-shek’s uncompromising doctrine of holding onto the land conquered at all costs, which was faithfully followed by the local nationalists, despite that it was simply impractical and impossible to hold onto the town. As it was becoming obviously clear that attacking nationalists were impossible to take the town, the nationalists refused to retreat, thus exhausting all of their available supplies. The lack of supplies, in turn, forced the nationalists to attempt to capture the town in order to capture more supplies, and thus the nationalists]were locked in a dilemma they had created themselves, resulting in eventual total annihilation.
For the communists, there was a special recipient of third class honor: it was not a soldier, but a military horse named Jujube Colored Horse (枣骝马). During the battle, the supply line (especially for water) to the communists defending the northern peak 211 metres above the sea level was sealed off by the nationalist fire. A communist soldier named Wu Xiaoniu (吴小牛) of the 2nd Company was sent to take the horse to supply the isolated but crucial communist position. Once fired by the enemy, the soldier immediately lie down and take cover behind rocks, and amazingly, the horse did the same by following its master, the soldier. Due the severe shortage of manpower, Wu Xiaoniu only performed the supply mission once and then was tasked with other duties, and the horse was instructed to perform the mission itself by Wu Xiaoniu first loading it up with supply, and then pointing toward the northern peak. Amazingly, during the forty-day battle, the horse completed every mission itself while dodging enemy fire. Due to its special contribution, not only it was awarded the third-class honor after the battle, it remained in the service until its natural death in November 1967, instead of being discharged when aged like all other military horses. The Jujube Colored Horse had a military burial at the foothill of the northern peak its helped to defend, and in August 1985, a marble monument was added to its tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="9883185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883185" title="Alastair J Macdonald">
Alastair J Macdonald

Dr Alastair Macdonald is a Scottish historian. He is the Mackie Lecturer in History at the University of Aberdeen.
His field of research is Scotland-England relations during the late medieval period (1369-1403), particularly the development of "Frontier societies" and Scotland's place in the wider world during this period. His current research is “to examine the nature and impact of war on state and society in later medieval Scotland”.

</doc>
<doc id="9883192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883192" title="Michael Wilson (basketball)">
Michael Wilson (basketball)

Michael Wilson is a former player of the Harlem Globetrotters and the University of Memphis, also known as 'Wild Thing'. 
Wilson, 6'5, holds the world record for the highest dunk. On April 1, 2000, Wilson dunked a basketball on a goal set at 3.65m (12 feet) from the floor; the feat placed him in the Guinness Book Of World Records, and broke a previous record held by former Arizona State University basketball star Joey Johnson, the younger brother of former NBA great Dennis Johnson. However, Wilt Chamberlain was also known to have performed the feat on an experimental basket set up by Phog Allen at the University of Kansas in the 1950s. Chamberlain, unlike Wilson, did not have the advantage of being given an alley oop. In 2001 the record (3.65m) was repeated by Robertas Javtokas from Lithuania during a local All Stars day.
Michael Wilson played high school basketball at Melrose High School in Memphis, Tennessee. The Texarkana Gazette reported that he had a 52-inch vertical leap.
In 1995 he was a starter on the University of Memphis Tiger basketball team that went to the Sweet 16 under coach Larry Finch.
Wilson is the former Director of Headfirst Basketball.
He is now founder and CEO of World Record Basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="9883207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883207" title="Symphony No. 19 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 19 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 19 in D major, Perger 11, Sherman 19, MH 198, was written in Salzburg in 1774.
Scored for flute, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, and strings. In four movements:
Of the symphonies with Minuets, this is one of the few to have a minor key trio (another is Symphony No. 5).

</doc>
<doc id="9883218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883218" title="Fothad">
Fothad

Fothad, later Fothadh, is an Old Irish and Scottish Gaelic male given name, meaning "foundation". Bearers include:

</doc>
<doc id="9883264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883264" title="Stuhr Museum">
Stuhr Museum

The Stuhr Museum of the Prairie Pioneer is a museum located in Grand Island, Nebraska dedicated to preserving the legacy of the Pioneers who settled the plains of central Nebraska in the late 19th century. It features a living history village called Railroad Town, designed to evoke an 1890s-era prairie village and made up of many original period structures moved to the museum.
The museum is named after Leo Stuhr, a local farmer and politician whose family were among the area's pioneer settlers. He donated land, money, and numerous artifacts that served as the foundation of the museum. The building that houses the bulk of the museum's exhibits, the Stuhr Building, was designed by architect Edward Durell Stone and was built by Geer-Melkus Construction Co., Inc.
Among the structures in Railroad Town is the house where actor Henry Fonda was born in 1905. Movies filmed at the museum include "Sarah, Plain and Tall" (1991) and "My Antonia" (1995). The museum once had a working steam locomotive that traveled the narrow gauge Nebraska Midland Railroad on the museum grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9883267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883267" title="Ad Turres (Etruria)">
Ad Turres (Etruria)

Ad Turres was an ancient city of Etruria. Ad Turres stood on the Via Aurelia, 10 miles from Lorium and 12 miles from Pyrgi. The location of Ad Turres is not precisely known; the editors of the "Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World" tentatively place it near Palidoro, "comune" of Rome, Province of Rome, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9883270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883270" title="1886 Mine Falls Gatehouse">
1886 Mine Falls Gatehouse

The Mine Falls Gatehouse is a dam gatehouse in Mine Falls Park in Nashua, New Hampshire. It was built in 1886 by the Nashua Manufacturing Company to regulate water flow from the mill yard. The company relied on waterflow to provide power to its mill. In 1987 the gatehouse was included in the Nashua Manufacturing Company Historic District and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Origin.
The Nashua Manufacturing Company received a charter in the 1820s to make cloth and to trade near the Nashua River. Three miles from where the company's mills were being built, a dam was constructed at Mine Falls. A power canal was hand-dug under the supervision of James Baldwin. His idea was to change the course of the water from the river, through the guard gates, and into the canal. By the time the water reached the mills, it had enough velocity to turn the waterwheels under the building. 
The gatehouse was constructed in 1886 during the presidency of Grover Cleveland. At the time it was a state-of-the-art improvement over the smaller gates that once occupied the canal. A Lowell, Massachusetts contractor, L.F. Kittrege, hired men to build five new lift gates that would be protected by the brick walls of the gatehouse.
The gatehouse, along with the dam and canal, is a part of the Nashua Manufacturing Company Historic District; they are listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The gatehouse was built for practicality, not architectural refinement. Its interior contains the machinery that reflects the transition from hydro power to electric power.
Decline.
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, construction of new commercial buildings came to a stop as the economy declined. With changing manufacturing practices, many textile companies in New England closed or relocated to the South, where non-union workers could be hired for less money. Nashua Manufacturing Company did not move, and finally closed in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="9883278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883278" title="Salzgeber">
Salzgeber

Salzgeber is a German-Swiss last name that translates to 'Salt giver'.
Notable persons with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="9883286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883286" title="Yum Yum">
Yum Yum

Yum Yum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9883303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883303" title="Scrivener (software)">
Scrivener (software)

Scrivener is a word-processing program designed for authors. Scrivener provides a management system for documents, notes and metadata. This allows the user to organize notes, concepts, research and whole documents for easy access and reference (documents including text, images, PDF, audio, video, web pages, etc.). After writing a piece of text the user may export it to a standard word processor for formatting.
Features.
Features include a corkboard, the ability to rearrange files by dragging-and-dropping virtual index cards in the corkboard, an outliner, a split screen mode that enables users to edit several documents at once, a full-screen mode, and "snapshots" (the ability to save a copy of a particular document prior to any drastic changes). Because of its breadth of interfaces and features, it has positioned itself not only as a word processor, but as a literary "project management tool", and includes many user-interface features that resemble Apple's software-development environment Xcode.
Keith Blount created (and continues to maintain) the program as a tool to help him write the "big novel", allowing him to keep track of ideas and research. It is built mostly on libraries and features of OS X from version 10.4 onward. In 2011 a Windows version of the software was released, written and maintained by Lee Powell.
Compatibility.
There is no official release for Linux, but there is a public beta version. The Windows version is regularly run on Linux using the WINE compatibility software.

</doc>
<doc id="9883317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883317" title="Tom Blanchard">
Tom Blanchard

Thomas Richard Blanchard (born May 28, 1948 in Grants Pass, Oregon) is a former American football punter with an 11-year career in the National Football League for the New York Giants, New Orleans Saints, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He played college football at the University of Oregon, where he was quarterback as well as punter.He led Grants Pass High School to the 1964 state high school football championship as a junior, his son Tommy, the eldest and Jimmy, five years the junior, both were starting quarterbacks at Grants Pass High School leading their respective teams to the playoffs. Tom is now the sports director at Grants Pass High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9883318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883318" title="Bronisław Żurakowski">
Bronisław Żurakowski

Bronisław Żurakowski (26 June 1911 – 4 October 2009) was a Polish engineer, aeroplane constructor, and glider test pilot. 
Before the war Żurakowski worked in the RWD bureau, where he designed aircraft RWD-17, RWD-17W, RWD-20 and made calculations for RWD-16bis, RWD-21 and RWD-23. After the war he designed the first Polish helicopter BŻ-1 GIL and later a helicopter BŻ-4 Żuk (both designated BŻ for his initials). He was a co-designer of a successful utility plane PZL-104 Wilga. 
Born in Makiejowka, Bronisław is a brother of a test pilot Janusz Żurakowski.

</doc>
<doc id="9883337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883337" title="St. Mary Axe">
St. Mary Axe

St. Mary Axe was a medieval parish in the City of London whose name survives as that of the street which it formerly occupied. The Church of St Mary Axe was demolished in 1561 and its parish united with that of St Andrew Undershaft, which is situated on the corner of St. Mary Axe and Leadenhall Street. The site of the former church is now occupied by Fitzwilliam House, a fact acknowledged by a blue plaque on the building's façade. Nearby parishes include the medieval Great St. Helen's (1210) and St. Ethelburga (1300s).
The street name may derive from a combination of the church dedicated to the Virgin Mary and a neighbouring tavern which prominently displayed a sign with an image of an axe, or simply from the church name itself, which may have come from the axes used by the Worshipful Company of Skinners, who were patrons. The sign of an axe is reported to have been present over the east end of the church. 
The street St. Mary Axe is perhaps most famous for fronting the Baltic Exchange at No. 38, and for being the location of 30 St Mary Axe, a skyscraper built on the former site of the Baltic Exchange (destroyed by an IRA bomb in 1992) and widely known as The Gherkin due to its distinctive shape. The street originates as a turn off Houndsditch at its northern end, with traffic flowing one-way southbound, and it originates at its southern end as a turn off Leadenhall Street, with traffic flowing one-way northbound. Both one-way portions of St. Mary Axe converge at Bevis Marks, where traffic is forced westward into Camomile Street.
"Number 70 St. Mary Axe" appears in several novels by the British author Tom Holt as the address of a firm of sorcerers headed by J. W. Wells. This is itself a reference to Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Sorcerer". In the song "My Name Is John Wellington Wells", the lyric renders his address as "Number Seventy Simmery Axe"; this reflects the fact that some Londoners pronounce the street's name as "S'M'ry Axe" rather than enunciating it fully.

</doc>
<doc id="9883338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883338" title="Fremont Hotel">
Fremont Hotel

Fremont Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9883342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883342" title="Too Hood 2 Be Hollywood">
Too Hood 2 Be Hollywood

Too Hood 2 Be Hollywood is the tenth studio album by rapper B.G.. The album was released on December 8, 2009 after numerous push backs. This is the first time Juvenile and Lil Wayne have collaborated on a track in eight years
Background.
B.G. explained his personal development along with boasting his ability "to make a classic album", in which he stated the following, 
B.G. also blames 50 Cent for missing Young Buck collabo. In addition to speaking on Buck's verse being taken off "Nigga Owe Me Some Money," B.G. also responded to hearing his name mentioned in Fif's "So Disrespectful" track. 
Production.
The album includes an appearance from T.I., who is also executive producing.
Sales.
The album debuted at #77 on the Billboard 200, selling 21,000 copies. The album has currently sold over 100,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="9883345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883345" title="Symphony No. 11 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 11 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 11 in B-flat major, Perger 9, Sherman 11, MH 82 and 184, was written in Salzburg in 1766. Hans Gál attributed this work to Joseph Haydn, but he was not the first to do so (Hoboken's catalog lists this as the second symphony in B-flat major so attributed).
Scored for 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, and strings. In four movements:
Discography.
This symphony is included in a set of 20 symphonies on the CPO label with Bohdan Warchal conducting the Slovak Philharmonic. It has also been recorded by the London Mozart Players conducted by Matthias Bamert on the Chandos label and by the Orchestre de Chambre de Lausanne conducted by Christian Zacharias.

</doc>
<doc id="9883347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883347" title="Vertical formation skydiving">
Vertical formation skydiving

Vertical formation skydiving (VFS) is the art of building formations in free-fall with multiple people gripping each other's limbs or specially built "grippers" on their jumpsuits (like formation skydiving), while using high-speed body positions normally associated with freeflying. Also called "vertical relative work" or simply "VRW".
The Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI) world record for the largest VFS free-fall formation is a 108-way, set on July 31, 2009 over Chicago, Illinois, USA. [http://blueskiesmag.com/2009/08/01/new-freefly-world-record-108-way/]
Project Horizon, the Lodi Sequentials, VFS Arizona and several other yearly invitational skydiving events are centered around pushing the boundaries of VFS.
Competition.
There is only one category of official VRW competition, that being VRW 4-way, which is part of the United States Parachute Association Skydiving Nationals. The first official VRW 4-Way US Nationals Competition was held on October 27, 2006, in Eloy, Arizona. Nine teams (45 skydivers) competed.
VRW 4-way has been adopted as an addition to future FAI world competitions (as VFS 4-way), the first being the FAI World Cup in Eloy, AZ, in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9883369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883369" title="David Kelly (baseball announcer)">
David Kelly (baseball announcer)

David Scott Kelly (born October 5, 1967 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American sportscaster. 
He is currently a sports anchor/reporter at Raycom Media's Tucson News Now which is a shared-services agreement that involves Fox affiliate KMSB-TV and CBS affiliate KOLD-TV in Tucson, Arizona. David joined the Fox 11 Sports Force in July 2011 and transitioned to Tucson News Now when the SSA went into effect in February 2012. He anchors sports primarily during the Fox 11 Tucson Now News at Nine on Wednesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays. 
Prior to transitioning to television, Kelly served for two-plus seasons as an anchor for the University of Arizona Wildcats Radio Network. Kelly hosted the pre-game, halftime, and post-game shows during all Arizona Wildcats football and men's basketball broadcasts as well as served as a play-by-play announcer for the Arizona baseball and softball teams. 
Kelly spent three seasons (2005–2007) doing radio and TV play-by-play for the Memphis Redbirds of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League.
He is the son of NFL Hall of Fame running back Leroy Kelly, who starred with the Cleveland Browns from 1964-1973. His uncle Pat Kelly played Major League Baseball for 15 seasons (1967–1981) with the Minnesota Twins, Kansas City Royals, Chicago White Sox, Baltimore Orioles, and Cleveland Indians.
Kelly began his career in August 1991 as Sports Director at KTIP-AM 1450 in Porterville, CA. The station at the time was owned by Oakland A's announcer Monte Moore.
His first professional baseball experience came broadcasting games for the Class-A Visalia Oaks during the 1991 and 1992 seasons. He later moved to KGEO-AM 1230 in Bakersfield where he became the voice of the Bakersfield Dodgers.
Kelly advanced to Double-A baseball in 1995 where he broadcast games for the Port City Roosters (Wilmington, North Carolina) for two seasons.
He was a mainstay at 50000-watt clear channel powerhouse WTAM-AM 1100 in Cleveland from 1997-2005. He started in the news department as an overnight anchor/morning drive reporter. Eventually moving to sports as an update anchor, beat reporter for the Cleveland Browns, and talk show host.
He has won five Associated Press first place awards for his work in radio, including being named "Ohio's Best Sports Broadcaster" in 2005.
Kelly's baseball style is a mixture of old school and new school. He loves to interweave stories about players around his play-by-play call.
His home run call is "Goodnight Irene" and when the bases are loaded it's a "Graaaand Slaaaamma". If a player has a big RBI night, or drives in a lot of "ribs" (as Kelly refers to them), he's been known to offer that player a "wet nap" for his performance.
Kelly has adopted Arch McDonald's famous phrase for a fastball right down the middle of the plate, "right down Broadway", and changes it to fit a popular boulevard in whatever city he is currently calling games. Some of those streets that fastballs have whizzed down along the way have included Truxtun (Bakersfield), Oleander (Wilmington), Beale Street (Memphis), and Speedway (Tucson).
Kelly attended University High School (Normal), Illinois (1986) and graduated from the University of Southern California in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9883381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883381" title="Bloodhymns">
Bloodhymns

Bloodhymns is Necrophobic's fourth full-length studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="9883408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883408" title="Symphony No. 9 (Michael Haydn)">
Symphony No. 9 (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Symphony No. 9 in D major, Perger 36, Sherman 9, MH 50, was written in Salzburg in 1766. It is the 21st D major symphony attributed to Joseph Haydn in Hoboken's catalog.
Scored for 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, and strings. In four movements:
Note however that Sherman and other scholars believe the Minuet and Trio may have been composed by someone else.
Discography.
Included in a set of 20 symphonies on the CPO label with Bohdan Warchal conducting the Slovak Philharmonic. This recording excludes the Minuet.

</doc>
<doc id="9883409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883409" title="Ad Turres Albas">
Ad Turres Albas

Ad Turres Albas was an ancient city of Latium. Ad Turres Albas originally belonged to the Volsci, and stood on the coast and on the Via Severiana, 9 miles from Circeii and 9 miles from Astura. The location of Ad Turres Albas is not precisely known: the editors of the "Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World" place it at near the modern Lago di Caprolace in the Province of Latina, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9883410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883410" title="Catherine Ferry">
Catherine Ferry

Catherine Ferry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9883419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883419" title="Walter Spencer-Stanhope (1749–1822)">
Walter Spencer-Stanhope (1749–1822)

Walter Spencer-Stanhope (4 February 1749 – 10 April 1822), of Horsforth and Leeds, Yorkshire, was a British politician and industrialist whose family fortune had been made through the iron trade.
Background and education.
Spencer-Stanhope was educated at Bradford Grammar School and went up to University College, Oxford, and later studied law at the Middle Temple, London. In 1775 Stanhope inherited Cannon Hall from his uncle, John Spencer, and changed his name from Stanhope to Spencer-Stanhope by Royal license.
Political career.
Spencer-Stanhope was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Carlisle in 1775, Haslemere in 1780, Hull, Yorkshire in 1784, for Cockermouth in 1800, and for Carlisle, Cumberland in 1802. He was a close supporter of William Pitt the Younger and friend of William Wilberforce, the anti-slavery campaigner, after meeting whom he became a religious philanthropist.
Business career.
As well as their interests in establishing the cotton industry in the late seventeenth century the Spencer family were largely responsible for establishing the charcoal iron industry in the area between Leeds and Sheffield for the next 120 years.
Family.
Spencer-Stanhope married Mary Winifred, daughter of Thomas Babington Pulleine, in 1783. Their son John Spencer-Stanhope was a Fellow of the Royal Society and the father of Walter Spencer-Stanhope and John Roddam Spencer Stanhope. Spencer-Stanhope died in April 1822, aged 73. His wife died in December 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="9883452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883452" title="St Martin Outwich">
St Martin Outwich

St Martin Outwich was a parish church in the City of London, on the corner of Threadneedle Street and Bishopsgate. Of medieval origin, it was rebuilt at the end of the 18th century and demolished in 1874.
Early history.
A church of St Martin was built in the 14th century at the expense of members of the Oteswich family, from whom the church derives its name. The church escaped the Great Fire of 1666, but fell into decay, and was badly damaged in a fire of 1765 which destroyed fifty houses. The medieval church had a nave and south aisle, with a western tower.
The patronage was in the hands of the earls of Surrey and then of the Outeswich family, until it was transferred to the Merchant Taylors' Company.
Rebuilding.
In 1796 an act of Parliament was obtained to allow the parish to raise money to rebuild the church. The Merchant Taylors gave £500, and the Corporation of the City of London and the South Sea Company gave £200 each towards the total cost of £5, 256. The first stone was laid on 4 May of that year, and the new building, to the designs of Samuel Pepys Cockerell, was consecrated in November 1798. A new organ was provided by George Pike England in 1805.
Cockerell's church was oval in plan, with a recess at the east end forming the chancel. The walls were decorated with pilasters, from the capitals of which rose a coved ceiling, pierced by four semi-circular windows. A fifth window, over the altar, contained stained glass coats-of-arms from the medieval church. Several monuments from the old church were also preserved, including one to John Outeswich and his wife. There was a fresco of the ascension by John Francis Rigaud over the altar, which had deteriorated badly within ten years of being painted. When the church was first built the pulpit was at the west end, with the pews facing away from the altar. The pulpit was moved to the west end as part of a programme of repairs and alterations by Charles Barry in 1827.
The heavily rusticated east front, facing into Bishopsgate, was described by James Peller Malcolm as "a complete representation of a gaol, accompanied by marks of extreme strength, very ill suited to its diminutive outline." The north side, towards Threadneedle Street, was very plain.
Demolition.
The church was demolished in 1874 and its parish united with that of St Helen's Bishopsgate. Eighteen monuments were moved into St Helen's before St Martin's was destroyed. A churchyard in Camomile Street was given to the church in 1540. It survives as a garden in the courtyard of an office block.
Proceeds from the sale of the church were used to fund the construction of Holy Trinity Church, Dalston, designed by Ewan Christian and constructed in 1878-9.

</doc>
<doc id="9883462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883462" title="Terrace on the Park">
Terrace on the Park

Terrace on the Park is a banquet hall in Flushing Meadows–Corona Park. The building was constructed by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to serve as the heliport for the 1964 New York World's Fair. It is located to the south of the New York Hall of Science. The bulk of the building is suspended in the air by four supports. It has an excellent view of New York City including the Manhattan skyline. The outside walls of the main floor are mostly accessible windows that allow guests a clear view in every direction.
The building is currently used as a private catering hall for weddings, proms and other events. The operation is run by Crystal Ball Group, incorporated under a concession from the city's parks department. The firm pays the department 20% of the gross receipts or $2.5 million a year, whichever is greater.

</doc>
<doc id="9883465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883465" title="Terry Brotherstone">
Terry Brotherstone

Terry Brotherstone is a historian of Scotland. He is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Aberdeen.

</doc>
<doc id="9883493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883493" title="Asher Lane">
Asher Lane

Asher Lane is a five piece rock group from Germany. They have reached considerable success in the German charts, reaching 5 in the German airplay charts with "Explain".
Formation.
Asher Lane was founded by the five musicians who decided they wanted to "aim for moments with strong emotions for the audience and for us".
Outside Germany.
Previous to 2006 Asher Lane had limited success outside of Germany itself. A version of the #32 peaking "New Days" single was used in a marketing campaign by the Nivea dermological group, and has caused interest in the group from within the United Kingdom and America.

</doc>
<doc id="9883509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883509" title="Tolay Creek">
Tolay Creek

Tolay Creek is a southward-flowing stream in southern Sonoma County, California, USA, which flows through Tolay Lake and ends in north San Pablo Bay.
History.
The Alaguali were a Coast Miwok community of northern San Pablo Bay in the Tolay Creek region. Alaguali lands bordered the north edge of San Pablo Bay and the southern one third of their area was low tidal marshland at the mouth of Sonoma Creek and Napa Slough. Their strong marriage ties to the Petalumas suggest that the Alagualis held all of the valley of Tolay Creek to the north of Sears Point up to the Sonoma Valley airport, consisting of about 56 square miles. In 1814 the Spanish authorities began to split up the Alaguali amongst different missions, baptizing 91 at Mission Dolores and 37 at Mission San José.
Padre José Altimira, the founder of Mission San Francisco Solano, wrote in his diary on June 27, 1823, "Tolay Lake so called for the Chief of the Indians". Tolay Creek was named for the lake.
Watershed.
The Tolay Creek watershed lies between those of Sonoma Creek and the Petaluma River. It originates near Stage Gulch Road (part of State Route 116) about north of Lakeville, California. It feeds Tolay Lake, then descends to flow under State Route 121 north of the Infineon Raceway. It parallels State Route 121 southward to State Route 37 at Sears Point, California, feeds into the Napa Sonoma Marsh, and enters San Pablo Bay west of Tubbs Island in the San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge.
South of State Route 37, Tolay Creek marks part of the western boundary of the Sonoma Valley AVA, a federally designated wine appellation.

</doc>
<doc id="9883560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883560" title="Equality California">
Equality California

Equality California or EQCA is a non-profit civil rights organization that advocates for the rights of LGBT people in California. The organization is a member of the Equality Federation.
History and leadership.
Early history.
The California Alliance for Pride and Equality (CAPE) began in 1998, and the CAPE Foundation was launched in 2000 to expand education and outreach efforts. In 2003, the organizations became Equality California, the EQCA Institute and EQCA Political Action Committee. During that time, the organization grew exponentially under the new leadership of Executive Director Geoffrey Kors, Board President John Duran, PAC President Diane Abbitt and Institute President Jody Cole.
Merger with MECA.
In 2004, EQCA merged with a similar organization working on LGBT rights called Marriage Equality California in order to better coordinate efforts to pass marriage equality legislation in California. Prior to the merger MECA existed as the California based grassroots organizing wing of their national counterpart Marriage Equality USA. While EQCA efforts were focused primarily on top level legislative lobbying and media efforts, Marriage Equality California had an extensive network of local activists all over the state organizing around the issue of marriage equality at the grassroots level.
From Marriage Equality USA, EQCA subsumed both the local grassroots organizing chapters of MECA throughout California, as well as hiring their volunteer leadership to become the field staff. The new consolidated programs became a co-branded joint project of EQCA and MECA under the direction of Molly McKay and Geoffrey Kors.
For several years local chapters and staff worked as part of the joint project, until eventually the decision was made to drop joint branding and the program became the Equality California field team.
Significant activities and programs.
Equality California.
EQCA has sponsored and helped lobby for the passage of 96 bills supporting lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in the California Legislature, including the nation’s first same-sex marriage bill approved by a legislative body (AB 849, the Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Protection Act, authored by Assemblymember Mark Leno, D-San Francisco). On behalf of its members, EQCA was the organizational plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by the National Center for Lesbian Rights (NCLR), American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), Lambda Legal and several law firms challenging California’s marriage laws that exclude same-sex couples. The California Supreme Court on May 15, 2008 ruled that all Californians have the freedom to marry. The landmark decision ended the state ban on marriage for same-gender couples. Same-gender couples were able to marry as of June 16, 2008.
Equality California Institute.
Equality California Institute educates LGBT people and the public at large about issues impacting the LGBT community and our allies. EQCAI empowers and organizes individuals, communities and allied groups to work proactively for fairness, equality and justice.
EQCAI leads Let California Ring, a public education campaign to open hearts and minds about the freedom to marry, and the Equality Alliance, a broad coalition of LGBT and non-LGBT groups working together to further human rights. The Institute also directs the LGBT Health and Human Services Network and is a sponsor of the California Transgender Leadership Summit and Queer Youth Advocacy Day.
Let California Ring.
Let California Ring was a public education designed to campaign for open hearts and minds about the freedom to marry and the respect, support, protections, and responsibilities that come with marriage. Let California Ring was a project of Equality California Institute, working in a diverse coalition of over 60 national, state and local organizations.
Political action committees.
Equality California’s Political Action Committee advocates for candidates who support full equality for all Californians and issues that protect the civil rights of all people, including those who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT). EQCA’s PACs also work to fight efforts that could delay LGBT progress toward full equality.
NO on 8 – Equality California.
NO on 8 – Equality California worked in conjunction with NO on 8, Equality for All, and a coalition of diverse organizations that worked to defeat Proposition 8. Prop. 8 was the 2008 Primary Election ballot initiative that denied same-sex couples the right to marry under California law. EQCA is a founding member of Equality for All and is one of the campaign’s significant contributors.
Equality California Candidate PAC.
EQCA’s Candidate PAC endorses candidates it identifies as fair-minded and supports the campaigns of policy leaders who advocate the fair and equal treatment of all Californians, including those who identify as LGBT. The Candidate PAC works to expand the number of equality-minded representatives in Sacramento, ensuring that the LGBT community can continue progress toward equality. EQCA’s Candidate PAC only endorses candidates that support equality for all members of the LGBT community 100 percent of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9883562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883562" title="Skyline High School (Michigan)">
Skyline High School (Michigan)

Skyline High School is a comprehensive public high school in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The school opened in Fall 2008 with the intention to relieve overcrowding of the two existing high schools, Huron High School and Pioneer High School. An annual lottery is held allowing those living outside the Skyline district boundaries to attend the school. There is also a lottery for Skyline students to get into one of it four magnet programs.
The school runs on a trimester schedule with 12 weeks in each trimester.
Skyline's first graduating class was in the 2011-2012 school year.
Magnet programs.
Business, Marketing & Information Technology (BMIT).
The BMIT magnet is for those interested in commerce and economics. Students learn marketing and entrepreneurship, management of businesses and offices, as well as how to use technology for business.
Communication, Media & Public Policy (CMPP).
The CMPP magnet focuses on the topic of public policy and how it affects communities. Students research case studies and produce video on the topic of public policy.
Design, Technology & Environmental Planning (DTEP).
The DTEP magnet is catered to students interested in engineering and product design. Those enrolled will use computer-aided design (CAD) extensively for their projects.
Health & Medicine (H&M).
In the Health & Medicine magnet, students learn college level science and receive college credits for the course. They perform organ dissections, DNA electrophoresis, polymerase chain reactions, bacterial growth, and various other experiments.
Small Learning Communities.
Four Smaller Learning Communities (SLC) act as "home base" for students for four years, grades 9 through 12. Each of the four SLCs are named Integrity, Diversity, Innovation, and Equality, each with its own color. Administrators, counselors, teachers, and support personnel are attached to each learning community, promoting common planning, teacher interaction, and positive relationships between teachers and students.
Building.
The building was funded by public consent with a bond issue. The architects were TMP Architecture, Inc. The builder was Granger Construction Company. The building was awarded LEED-NC Silver certification in accordance with the U.S. Green Building Counsel. Implementation of LEED practices provided reduced facility operating costs, a healthier environment, and conservation of natural resources. Skyline High School benefits from a geothermal heating and cooling system. This system, consisting of approximately 80 miles of PVC pipes buried 5 – 7 feet deep, uses the earth’s core temperature to regulate building comfort.
Extracurricular and electives.
Skyline High School has several clubs and programs outside of school. Offerings include the National Honor Society, Junior State of America, a FIRST Robotics team, Cumulus Literary Magazine, and more. The school also has various music, theater, visual arts and athletic electives to help fulfill graduation requirements

</doc>
<doc id="9883581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883581" title="STOLport">
STOLport

A STOLport or STOLPORT is an airport designed with STOL (Short Take-Off and Landing) operations in mind, normally having a short single runway; shorter than . The term does not appear to be in common usage as of 2008. STOLports can only accept certain types of aircraft, often only smaller propeller aircraft, often with limits on the amount of fuel that can be taken. Examples of STOL capable aircraft utilized in scheduled passenger airline operations include de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter and DHC-7 Dash 7 turboprop aircraft as well as smaller Britten-Norman Islander and Trislander prop aircraft. Another aircraft that has STOL capabilities is the British Aerospace BAe 146 jetliner although not to the extent of propeller driven STOL capable aircraft.
History.
Several attempts were made from the late 1960s to the early 1970s to create STOLports in the United States in the New York City and Los Angeles, California areas; however, none were apparently successful. La Guardia Airport operated a STOL runway starting in 1968, which was dubbed the La Guardia STOLPORT. The Victoria STOLport also failed in Montreal, Canada. Walt Disney World Resort also had a STOLport for a short period. At one point in 1968 a STOLport was under consideration for a roof top in Manhattan. In the early 1970s, a study was conducted to help the FAA to determine if it was necessary to create an elevated STOLport test facility. The Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport, with a longest runway of , went into a period of decline in the 1980s and 1990s, but has since been revitalized as a city centre STOLport by Porter Airlines, flying DeHavilland Dash 8s.
The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) defines STOLports as "unique airports designed to serve airplanes that have exceptional short-field performance capabilities."
STOLports in the United States.
In the United States, STOLports are one of several types of facilities, they are identified with an S at the end of the site ID. For example, Calvert Peak STOLport is listed as FAA site number 19448.1*S. As of January 2009, around 80 facilities are coded as STOLports by the FAA in the United States. According to the FAA, in 1968 twenty-five potential STOLport sites were identified in the Northeast Megalopolis. 
The first US STOLport for commercial operation was commissioned August 5, 1968 at La Guardia airport and was available for VFR use only. Logan International Airport opened an STOL runway September 20, 1968 for use testing Eastern's Breguet 941 shuttle on east coast routes. 
The first officially designated STOLport was opened October 17, 1971 at Walt Disney World in Florida. Shawnee Airlines operated scheduled passenger service between the Walt Disney World Airport (DWS, also known as the Lake Buena Vista STOLport) and Orlando McCoy Jetport (MCO, now the Orlando International Airport) and the Tampa International Airport (TPA) with de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter turboprop STOL aircraft. Information concerning the Shawnee Airlines STOL service appeared in the Eastern Airlines system timetable dated September 6, 1972 with regard to connecting service between the two airlines at either Orlando or Tampa. The 2,000 foot STOL runway at this former airport is no longer in use. Prior to that date, only portions of facilities were designated STOLports. Plans at the time called for an interstate STOL transportation system. On July 26, 1972 the FAA V/STOL office was renamed to the Quiet Short-Haul Air Transportation System Office refocusing it and reflecting public concerns about noise created by smaller more numerous STOLports as opposed to larger airports. The Quiet Short-Haul Air Transportation System Office was eliminated June 11, 1974. 
Additionally, some STOLports were never open to public aviation and were privately owned, such as the Avon STOLPort, a runway located adjacent to the town of Avon, Colorado that was constructed specifically to handle ski tourism flights for the nearby ski resorts in the Vail area. The Avon STOLPort was owned and operated by Rocky Mountain Airways with this commuter air carrier also being the worldwide launch customer of the de Havilland Canada DHC-7 Dash 7 four engine turboprop STOL aircraft. Rocky Mountain selected the 50-passenger Dash 7 specifically for the purpose of transporting passengers into high mountain airports with short runways from its hub located at Denver Airport. The airline also utilized the Dash 7 for scheduled flights into the small Steamboat Springs Airport (SBS) in Colorado. The Avon STOLport is no longer in existence.
Another privately owned STOL airfield was the Clear Lake City STOLport located in the Houston, Texas area near the NASA Johnson Space Center. This small airport which included a 2,500 foot runway, an aircraft hangar and a passenger terminal was constructed in 1969 and owned by Houston Metro Airlines which later changed its name to Metro Airlines. This commuter air carrier operated de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter turboprops in scheduled "cross-town" air service between Clear Lake City, Texas (CLC) and Houston Intercontinental Airport (IAH, now Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport) which had a dedicated STOL runway at the time. According to the February 1976 edition of the Official Airline Guide (OAG), the airline was operating 22 roundtrip flights every weekday between CLC and IAH in a passenger shuttle service. Metro Airlines eventually ceased operations due to financial challenges. The Clear Lake City STOLport was subsequently abandoned and then demolished to make way for new suburban development. There is no trace of this pioneering airfield to be found at the present time.
The Kapalua Airport on the island of Maui in Hawaii was also constructed with STOL operations in mind. Although not specifically referred to as a STOLport, the runway length at this airfield is 3,000 feet. According to State of Hawaii historical records, Hawaiian Airlines built this airfield and then initiated scheduled passenger flights on March 1, 1987 between Kapalua and Honolulu International Airport (HNL) with de Havilland Canada DHC-7 Dash 7 turboprops. The airline owned and operated this private airport, which is also known as Kapalua-West Maui Airport, specifically for its own scheduled Dash 7 air services until 1993 when it was acquired by the State of Hawaii. The three letter airport code for Kapalua Airport, being JHM, stands for John Henry Magoon who was President of Hawaiian Airlines when the airfield and passenger terminal were constructed by the air carrier. The Kapalua Airport is still in existence and was being served with scheduled passenger flights operated by Island Air with de Havilland Canada DHC-8 Dash 8 turboprop aircraft. However, according to a news report on KHON-TV in Honolulu which aired on March 22, 2013, Island Air was planning to end all service to the airport effective on May 31, 2013 as the airline was reportedly eliminating the Dash 8 from its fleet and replacing this type with ATR-42 and ATR-72 regional turboprop aircraft.
One commuter airline operating scheduled passenger service in the U.S. even had the word "STOL" in its name: Stol Air Commuter, which was also known as STOL Air Commuter. This air carrier connected several cities in the San Francisco Bay Area as well as destinations in northern California with San Francisco International Airport (SFO) during the 1970s. Although Stol Air Commuter did not serve any dedicated STOLports, the airline did operate STOL capable Britten-Norman Islander and Britten-Norman Trislander aircraft. One of the Bay Area airfields served by STOL Air was Gnoss Field (also known as Marin County Airport) which has a runway that is 3,300 feet in length.
Wings Airways, a commuter airline that was based at Wings Field in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, was another operator of STOL capable aircraft including the Britten-Norman Islander, Britten-Norman Trislander and de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter. From the late 1970s to the late 1980s, Wings operated a high frequency shuttle service between Wings Field (BBX) and the Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) which was a flight of less than 15 minutes. The airline operated up to 25 round trip flights on weekdays between BBX and PHL. At one point, Wings also flew nonstop between Blue Bell and New York JFK Airport. Although not specifically referred to as a STOLport, the runway length at Wings Field is 3,700 feet.
STOLports in Norway.
Between 1965 and 1987, approximately 30 regional airports were built in Norway, typically equipped with a long runway. They were intended to improve transportation systems and shorten down travel times to areas that were considered difficult to reach by other means. In Norwegian, they are called "kortbaneflyplass" ("short runway airport"). As they were built in areas with relatively low population density and terrain that often wouldn't permit a standard length runway, it became essential to build shorter runway and use smaller airplanes. Today, the airports are frequented by airliners that have been awarded subsides from the Norwegian government. They typically fly feeder routes to larger hub airports that have direct routes to Oslo and other major cities in Norway. Though most of the routes are flown by Widerøe, other airliners do occasionally win bids on some of the routes.

</doc>
<doc id="9883585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883585" title="Dick Shatto">
Dick Shatto

Dick Shatto (February 5, 1933 – February 4, 2003) was a professional Canadian football player for the Canadian Football League Toronto Argonauts. Shatto also served as the Argonauts general manager after his playing days with the club ended.
Shatto's playing career with the Argos lasted twelve seasons, from 1954 to 1965. His #22 jersey is one of only four that has been retired by the club. Shatto was one of the most productive players in the CFL and for a team that made the playoffs only three times during his career: 1955, 1960, and 1961. During Shatto's playing tenure with the club, the Argos finished last in their conference eight times.
College football career.
Shatto played collegiately for the University of Kentucky Wildcats. Following college, Shatto was drafted in the 15th round of the 1956 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams.
Professional football career.
Shatto held the record for most career touchdowns with 91, of which 39 were rushing and 52 were receiving. In the plus 40 years since he retired he still ranks eighth overall.
Shatto was the all-time leader for the most combined (rushing and receiving) yardage with 13,642 yards that came on 1322 carries and 466 receptions. Presently he still ranks in seventh place, and he is still third among running backs, passed only by George Reed and Mike Pringle. His most productive season was 1960 when he carried the ball 122 times for 708 yards with a touchdown and caught 53 passes for 894 yards with ten more majors for a total yards from scrimmage of 1,602.
When it comes to total yardage, that also includes return yardage from punts, kickoffs and missed field goals, as well as yards from scrimmage, Shatto accumulated a total of 15,725 yards. That put him second all-time in 1965 and since then he has dropped to only seventh place.
Interestingly Shatto never surpassed 1,000 yards in a season either rushing or receiving. However he did average 1,136 yards per season in yards from scrimmage. His best seasons in running the ball came in 1958 and 1959 when he tallied 969 and 950 yards respectively. The former being a team record at the time according to official statistics. Also he never led the CFL or the Eastern Conference in rushing yards. Shatto's 6,958 rushing yards remains to this day an Argonaut team record and at the end of his career he was sixth all-time. He provided the Argos with 16 100-yard rushing games.
As a receiver Shatto accumulated 6,684 yards and his best season came in 1963 with 67 receptions for 945 yards and ten touchdowns. When he left the game he was the number two all-time receiver. He led the Eastern Conference in receptions in 1962 (47), 1963 (67) and 1964 (53).
Shatto was the Argos' nominee for the Most Outstanding Player Award in 1955, 1957–59, and 1962–64 and was the league's runner-up in 1958 and 1964. Plus he was an Eastern All-Star from 1956–1959 and 1961-64. He was named to the league's all-star squad (not started until 1962) in 1963 and 1964. Shatto was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1975.
Color commentator and Argonauts general manager.
From 1970-1973, Shatto was a color commentator for the "CFL on CTV". 
In 1976, Shatto became general manager of the Argonauts. The Argonauts went 17-30-1 in Shatto's three seasons as general manager, making the playoffs once.
Personal life and death.
His daughter, Cindy Shatto, competed in 3 Metres Springboard diving at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games and in Women's 10 metre platform diving at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Shatto died on February 4, 2003, in New Port Richey, Florida. His ashes were spread over the site of old Exhibition Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9883586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883586" title="Rav Wilding">
Rav Wilding

Rav Wilding (born 16 October 1977) is an English television presenter, whose former professions include security guard at Harrods, soldier, police officer and from June 2004 to December 2011 was a presenter on "Crimewatch".
Early life and education.
Born in Canterbury, Kent, Wilding is the second of five children born to a Mauritian father and an English mother who were both nurses. He attended Fulston Manor School in Sittingbourne, Kent.
Military and police career.
After secondary school he took an apprenticeship in construction before joining the British Army at seventeen. 
On leaving the army in 1999, Wilding started working at Harrods in Knightsbridge as part of the security team. After approximately nine months at Harrods, Wilding's application to join the Metropolitan Police Service was accepted and he started training school. Wilding joined the Service at the start of 2000 and was posted to Peckham in South London. While based at Peckham in Southwark, he was involved in the high profile police investigation surrounding the death of Damilola Taylor. Wilding was part of a specialist unit specifically created in the aftermath of the murder where he worked on the tough North Peckham Estate where Taylor was killed.
After two years as a policeman he responded to an advert for people to partake in a jungle adventure, to live for three months in an Australian rain forest for a new television programme on Channel 4 called "Eden". After numerous auditions and around 50,000 applicants Wilding was picked for the programme and flew out to New South Wales. 
After three months in the jungle, Wilding returned to Britain and went back to work in the police but this time in to the CID. Working within CID, Wilding was posted to units focusing on robbery, burglary and major investigations as well as a long spell working on a Sapphire unit dealing with rape and sexual assault allegations. He was quickly selected for Detective training and became a Detective Constable for the last six years of his service. Wilding worked on many high profile cases, appearing regularly at the Old Bailey.
Television career.
Wilding had to go through numerous interviews and auditions as well as formal television presenter training. Having also auditioned for "Blue Peter," he was offered a part on BBC "Crimewatch," which he has appeared on since 2004. After taking a period of unpaid leave, Wilding resigned from the police force in February 2008 to concentrate on TV work.
Wilding is a regular reporter on crime issues for BBC One's "The One Show." Since 21 April 2008, Wilding has co-presented a new programme called "Missing Live", shown every weekday morning on BBC One. In August 2008, he hosted the twenty-episode fly-on-the-wall series following the lives of the Yorkshire Air Ambulance, "Helicopter Heroes" on BBC One. He has also fronted two series of the daily live show "Crimewatch Roadshow" for BBC One and will present the third series in June 2011.
In January 2008, he won a celebrity edition of "The Weakest Link" and "Ready Steady Cook." On 29 December 2008, Wilding appeared on "Celebrity Mastermind". His specialist subject was The Human Body. He came last with only fifteen points. In 2011 he took a role on CBBC as co-presenter and dunk tester for Dave Benson Phillips in the remake of "Get Your Own Back".
In August 2009, Wilding was revealed as one of the contestants in "Strictly Come Dancing" and was partnered with Aliona Vilani. Wilding was made fourth favourite by bookmakers behind former boxer Joe Calzaghe and actor Ricky Whittle, however he became the third celebrity to be eliminated on the show after failing to be saved in the dance-off, on 3 October 2009.
He appeared several times on "Big Brother" spin off show "Big Brother's Little Brother" in 2010.
In September 2010, Wilding went to the front line of British Military operations in Afghanistan filming a series for BBC called "Remembrance Week". Whilst filming he witnessed a bomb blast that killed one of the serving soldiers with the unit he was filming (The second Battalion the Duke of Lancasters Regiment) The Lions of England. The series focused on both past and present conflicts. 
Since February 2011, Wilding has been a host of the CBBC show "Cop School", educating the youth on how to be a police officer. It was renamed "Hero Squad" in 2012 and the second series, looking at other emergency services' including the police, aired in October 2012. In March 2011, he presented the BBC fly-on-the-wall documentary series "Neighbourhood Blues" which focuses on how the police help communities and how they fight crime.
In August 2011, Wilding hosted a "Crimewatch" special on the riots in England.
On 15 December 2011 Kirsty Young, Wilding's "Crimewatch" co-host, stated that it would be his last show. Since June 2009, Wilding presents accompanying series, "Crimewatch Roadshow", every morning live on BBC1. Series 4 aired in June/July 2012.
On August 13, 2012, Wilding started a new series called "Frontline Police". In the series he joins the Essex Police force and goes back to his roots of when he was in the Metropolitan Police. The show currently airs every Monday at 8pm on Channel 5.
Wilding presents "Crime Scene Rescue" on BBC One; the show began on 15 April 2013.
He took part in an episode of "" on ITV.
Personal life.
Resident in Kent, Wilding was engaged to air hostess and former girlfriend of footballer Rio Ferdinand, Lauren Alcorn, and then briefly dated reality television star, Chantelle Houghton. He is currently engaged to the producer of ITV's "Loose Women", Jill Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="9883591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883591" title="Church of St Mary Axe">
Church of St Mary Axe

St. Mary Axe was a mediaeval church in the City of London. Its full name was "St. Mary, St. Ursula and her 11,000 Virgins", and it was also sometimes referred to as "St. Mary Pellipar". Its common name (also "St. Mary" "Marie" "at the Axe") derives from the sign of an axe over the east end of the church. The church's patrons were the Skinners Company.
According to John Stow in "A Survey of London" (1603), the name derived from "the signe of an Axe, over against the East end thereof". However, a document dated to the early reign of King Henry VIII describes a holy relic held in the church; "An axe, one of the two that the eleven thousand Virgins were beheaded with". This refers to the legend that Saint Ursula, when returning to Britain from a pilgrimage to Rome accompanied by eleven thousand handmaidens, had refused to marry a Hunnish chief and was executed along with her whole entourage on the site of modern Cologne, in about 451 AD.
It was situated just north of Leadenhall Street on a site now occupied by Fitzwilliam House. First mentioned as "St Mary apud Ax", it belonged for a time to the nearby Priory of St. Helens. At the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries it was still extant but in decline, and in 1562 it was offered to Spanish Protestant refugees as a place of worship. Three years later, however, it was unused and in a state of disrepair. Shortly afterwards it was pulled down and its parish was united with that of the neighbouring St. Andrew Undershaft.
The church gave its name to a street of the same name, which links Leadenhall Street with Camomile Street and Houndsditch. No. 30 was the location of the Baltic Exchange until it was destroyed by an IRA bomb in 1992; the Exchange is now located at No. 38 just to the north of its former address. On the site of the old Baltic Exchange now stands 30 St. Mary Axe, a skyscraper known colloquially as The Gherkin because of its distinctive shape. 
The street of St. Mary Axe was also the location of the sorcerer's shop in Gilbert and Sullivan's operetta "The Sorcerer", which documents the former pronunciation "Simmery Axe".

</doc>
<doc id="9883617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883617" title="Bethnal">
Bethnal

Bethnal were a British proto-punk/rock band formed in 1972. In 1978, they released two albums on Vertigo Records: "Dangerous Times", produced by Kenny Laguna; and "Crash Landing"; produced by Jon Astley and Phil Chapman, 
with special thanks to Pete Townshend. They supported Hawkwind on their 1977 UK tour and, after disbanding, went on to form Hawkwind frontman Robert Calvert's backing band for his 1981 album "Hype".
Key members were George Csapo (vocals, keyboards, violin), Pete Dowling (drums), Nick Michaels (guitar) and Everton Williams (bass).

</doc>
<doc id="9883655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883655" title="Captain of Your Ship">
Captain of Your Ship

"Captain of Your Ship" is the title of a pop song, first recorded by the US girl group Reparata and the Delrons, and released as a single in 1968 on the Bell record label. It was written by Kenny Young and Ben Yardley.
The song is unusual in its atmospheric use of sound effects (foghorn, ship's bell, Morse code) and features psychedelic instrumentation and treatments including electric sitar, backwards piano, filtered vocals and phasing. Lead singer Mary O'Leary told "Mojo" magazine in May 2008, "I thought it was horrible — the foghorn, the way they had changed my voice with effects. But I grew to like it, and it afforded the opportunity to go over to London ... In America, it fizzled. People in England liked quirkier stuff, and 'Captain of Your Ship' was quirky." 
To be precise, although the song only made #127 in the U.S. national charts, it became the group's biggest hit when it made #13 in the UK Singles Chart, and the group toured the United Kingdom, with the backing group Clouds. 
Young said of this period: "I accompanied them to "Top of the Pops" ...attended the reception for their hit single "Captain of Your Ship", along with John Lennon and Ringo at the Revolution Club in London. I met half the Beatles at our own reception..."
Some sources credit Lorraine Mazzola with the lead vocal on the recording of "Captain of Your Ship", but a filmed live performance from German television, widely available on video sharing websites, shows Mary Aiese singing lead. The confusion may have arisen because Mazzola did become lead singer of the group the following year, when Mary Aiese stopped performing live. The filmed performance, with an introduction in German by Dave Lee Travis, appears to be the only existing archive television footage of the group from their 1960s heyday.
"Captain of Your Ship" was re-released twice in the UK: on Bell Records in 1972, and as B-side in January 1985 on the Old Gold label as OG 9504, with the A-side, "Keep On", by Bruce Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="9883657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883657" title="Edi Scholdan">
Edi Scholdan

Edi Scholdan was a figure skater and figure skating coach. 
Scholdan was born in Vienna and, as a competitor, represented Austria at the 1933 World Figure Skating Championships. However, he became better known as a coach; he worked at the Broadmoor Skating Club in Colorado Springs, Colorado beginning in 1945. His students included 1948 Olympic runner-up Eva Pawlik, 1956 Olympic champion Hayes Alan Jenkins and his younger brother David Jenkins, who won his own Olympic title four years later. Other students included James Grogan and Ina Bauer. 
In 1961, Scholdan and his 13-year-old son were among those killed in the crash of Sabena Flight 548, which was carrying the entire US Figure Skating team to the 1961 World Figure Skating Championships. Scholdan was to have attended that event as the coach of Gregory Kelley and ladies' runner-up Stephanie Westerfeld. He was 50 years old at the time of his death.
In Scholdan's honor, the Professional Skaters Association's annual awards are called "EDI awards". Scholdan was president of that organization from 1950 - 1954 and was inducted into the inaugural class of their Coaches Hall of Fame in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9883674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883674" title="Can't Stop Dreaming">
Can't Stop Dreaming

"Can't Stop Dreaming" is a 1996 solo album by Daryl Hall. It was originally released in Japan and as a Limited Collector's Edition in 1996 with 12 tracks. It was finally released in the USA on June 10, 2003, but it was missing one of its original tracks ("Something About You"). All versions of the album contain a remake of the Hall & Oates classic song "She's Gone."

</doc>
<doc id="9883694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883694" title="Table of death">
Table of death

The table of death is a predicament escape that is alternately considered as falling into the categories of a magic trick or an act of escapology.
Description.
The apparatus consists of a substantial table with an array of menacing metal spikes suspended above it. The basic premise is that the performer will be restrained on the table and must escape before the spikes are released and allowed to fall. A curtain is drawn around the apparatus to obscure the performer from view while he or she attempts the escape. The sequence of events is arranged so that it initially appears the spikes fall before the performer has had time to get out from under them, however the curtain is then pulled back to reveal the performer free and unharmed. Sometimes a scrim is used instead of a curtain and, with back lighting, it is arranged that the audience see the silhouetted shadow of the performer struggling to escape before the spikes fall.
The exact design varies slightly from one example to another but the basic arrangement remains constant. The spikes are supported from a frame attached to the table, which also serves to guide them as they are raised and dropped. There is generally some form of pulley or winch mechanism to raised the spikes, which are genuine and heavy. The table itself generally has an array of holes that match the layout of the spikes, so that the spikes protrude through the table when they drop. The performer lies on his or her back on the table and is restrained with a variety of chains, cuffs and manacles.
One significant way in which different versions vary is in the arrangement for releasing the spikes for their lethal drop. This depends on the story that is built around the trick as part of the performance. Sometimes it is presented as having a timing device automatically release the spikes, while other performers have their assistants appear to cut through a securing cable or merely let go of the cable at the appropriate moment. In many performances, the rope which supports the spikes in their raised position is set alight, releasing the spikes when it has apparently burned through to the point where it no longer has the strength to support the weight of the spikes.
History.
The modern incarnation of the trick is widely credited as being created by magician André Kole. However there are also references to it having first appeared in the 1930s. At least one source credits it to "W. Jeans, A Zagorsky & Andre Kole". This might be a reference to Walter Jeans (1877 - 1942) who created a trick called the ""The Death of Coira"", which has been described as a forerunner of "The Table of Death".
The "Table of Death" was one of the tricks for which a method was supposedly revealed in the "Fox" network's "Masked Magician" series. This occurred despite a lawsuit brought by André Kole against the show's makers in an effort to stop them. The show failed to reveal a number of features and methods that are used in contemporary versions of the trick, including methods for escaping from restraints and the method for showing the performer's silhouette on a scrim.
Performers.
The following magicians and escape artists are known to have performed this trick:

</doc>
<doc id="9883739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883739" title="List of Canadian diplomats">
List of Canadian diplomats

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9883747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883747" title="Tony Mayberry">
Tony Mayberry

Eino Anthony Mayberry (born December 8, 1967) was an American football player who played center for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1990 to 1999. He was selected to three Pro Bowls

</doc>
<doc id="9883781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883781" title="Kent Austin">
Kent Austin

Richard Kent Austin (born June 25, 1963 in Natick, Massachusetts) is the current head coach and general manager of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats football team. He was previously the head coach at Cornell University and offensive coordinator at Ole Miss. He was also the former head coach of the Canadian Football League's Saskatchewan Roughriders after serving as offensive coordinator for the Toronto Argonauts and quarterbacks coach for the Ottawa Renegades.
College career.
Austin is a former starting quarterback himself. Following high school at Brentwood Academy, he went to the University of Mississippi and played quarterback in the early 1980s. He ranks third in passing yards in the Ole Miss records, behind Eli Manning and Romaro Miller. Austin was an Academic All-American in each of his four college seasons and is a member of the University of Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.
Professional career.
After college, Austin was selected in the 12th round (312th overall) of the 1986 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Cardinals. He played two seasons in the NFL as the team's third-string quarterback, attempting a single pass.
In 1988, the Cardinals chose not to resign Austin, and he instead jumped to the CFL and joined the Roughriders, initially as their back-up quarterback. On November 26, 1989 in Toronto, Austin was at the helm of the Roughriders when they won the 1989 Grey Cup versus the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, winning the MVP trophy for his 474 yards passing in the game. One of the Top 10 quarterbacks in CFL history, with 36,030 career passing yards on 4,700 pass attempts, having completed 2709 passes (57.6%), Austin is a Roughriders legend for leading the team to its second league championship (Grey Cup). He also threw 198 touchdown passes and 191 interceptions in his 10 CFL seasons with 4 teams.
Austin started at quarterback for the Roughriders, British Columbia Lions, and Toronto Argonauts (the second Ole Miss star to play quarterback for Toronto, the first being Eagle Day in 1967), as well as serving as a backup for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He is one of only four CFL quarterbacks to pass for more than 6,000 yards in a single season (6,225 in 1992 with Saskatchewan). Austin won his second Grey Cup in 1994 with the British Columbia Lions, starting the 82nd Grey Cup but being replaced at halftime by Danny McManus due to an injury. McManus would lead the Lions to a win on a last-second field goal.
In the Columbo episode "A Bird in the Hand..." (air date November 22, 1992), footage from a Saskatchewan Roughriders versus Edmonton Eskimos game was used to portray a fictional game played by a football team called "The Stallions". As the footage showed Kent Austin playing and wearing the No. 5 jersey, the actor playing the quarterback wore a jersey bearing that number throughout the television episode. When a scene required seeing the quarterback in play, they used footage of Kent Austin.
Coaching career.
In 2003, Austin entered coaching as the quarterbacks coach of the Ottawa Renegades. The following year he was hired as Toronto offensive coordinator, helping lead the team to an offensive surge that allowed the franchise to win the 2004 CFL championship. He was fired in the 2006 season and later hired as Saskatchewan Roughriders head coach for the 2007 season.
On November 25, 2007, Kent Austin coached the Saskatchewan Roughriders to the 95th Grey Cup Championship beating the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 23–19. In doing so, Austin became the first head coach to win a professional football championship for the same team with which he won the championship as a quarterback. He did so in his first year as head coach, and at the same stadium where he won the cup as a player, 18 years earlier. His performance as head coach won him the 2007 Annis Stukus Trophy as CFL coach of the year.
On January 16, 2008, Austin accepted the job as Offensive coordinator at the University of Mississippi, his alma mater, to serve under head coach Houston Nutt. In 2008 Austin's offense ranked 28th nationally scoring 32 points a game up from 20 points a game in 2007.
On January 26, 2010 Austin accepted the head coaching job at Cornell University replacing Jim Knowles who left Cornell to become the defensive coordinator for David Cutcliffe at Duke University.
On December 17, 2012 Austin signed as the head coach and GM of The Hamilton Tiger-Cats of The Canadian Football League.
Family.
Kent Austin's wife is named Shelley; his oldest daughter Kendall, their middle daughter Kassidy, and their youngest son Wesley.

</doc>
<doc id="9883785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883785" title="2007 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament took place on March 8-11, 2007 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Georgia Dome. The first, quarterfinal, and semifinal rounds were televised by Raycom/LF Sports, and the SEC Championship Game was televised by CBS.
Florida won the tournament and received the SEC's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament by beating Arkansas on March 11, 2007 by the score of 77 to 56. 
2007 SEC Tournament.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.

</doc>
<doc id="9883796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883796" title="Murder of Tara Lynn Grant">
Murder of Tara Lynn Grant

Tara Lynn Grant (June 28, 1972 − February 9, 2007) was a woman from Washington Township, Macomb County, Michigan who was murdered by her husband, Stephen Grant, in February 2007. The case gained large attention, both in Michigan and the entire United States.
The case.
On February 14, 2007 Stephen Grant notified the Macomb County Sheriff's office in Macomb County Michigan to report that his wife, Tara Lynn Grant, was missing. After interviewing Grant, authorities discovered a period of 5 days had lapsed between the time Grant had last seen his wife and when he notified police of her disappearance. Grant explained it was not the first time his wife had disappeared and, therefore, he didn't immediately notify police. Grant told police that on the evening of February 9, 2007 he had overheard his wife talking with someone on the phone, telling them, "I'll meet you at the end of the driveway". Grant said he saw his wife get into a dark colored vehicle which then drove off. He told police he had not seen or heard from his wife since that evening.
Throughout the investigation, Stephen Grant made numerous television appearances, at times accusing authorities of harassment. The day after reporting his wife missing, Grant was stopped by police and arrested for driving on a suspended license. Grant accused the police of using the traffic arrest solely as an excuse to take him into custody and question him about his wife's disappearance. Police denied the accusation.
Authorities were able to bring the search for Tara Lynn Grant to a close in just over 2 weeks. On March 2, 2007 a search warrant was executed at the Grant home in Washington Township and a portion of her dismembered body was discovered in the garage. An arrest warrant for open murder was immediately issued for Stephen Grant. On March 4, 2007, after tracking a cell phone call made to his sister, Grant was located in northern Michigan's Wilderness State Park. He was found to be suffering from weather related injuries and, after being taken into custody, he was airlifted to an area hospital. According to authorities, Grant gave a complete and detailed confession saying he had strangled his wife before dismembering her body. An autopsy performed by the Macomb County coroner's office confirmed strangulation as the cause of Tara Lynn Grant's death and determined she was likely killed on February 9, 2007.
Stephen Grant's disappearance and capture.
According to police, Stephen Grant was less than cooperative with them throughout their investigation. He refused to answer questions. However, he did agree to take a polygraph test, as long as it was administered by someone other than the police. On March 2, 2007, police executed a search warrant at the home of Stephen and Tara Grant in Washington Township, Michigan. A human torso, believed to be that of Tara Grant, was found in the garage. An open murder arrest warrant was immediately issued for Stephen Grant. Grant, however, was nowhere to be found. He had fled the area in a pick up truck he borrowed from an unsuspecting friend. On March 4, 2007, a cell phone call Grant made to his sister was tracked and he was located 280 miles away in Emmet County, Michigan. With the assistance of a United States Coast Guard helicopter crew, he was pursued and captured by local, state, and federal authorities while hiding in the Wilderness State Park. Clad only in pants, shirt, and socks in the frigid northern Michigan weather, Grant was suffering from minor frostbite and hypothermia at the time of his capture. He was taken into custody and airlifted to Northern Michigan Hospital where he was hospitalized for a brief period of time. According to authorities, during his hospitalization Grant gave a full confession, explaining in detail how he had first fought with Tara Grant before strangling her. He said he then took the body to a family owned tool and die shop where it was dismembered. He said he then took the remains to nearby Stony Creek Metro Park in Shelby Township and disposed of the body parts there. However, upon learning that police would soon be conducting a search in that area, Grant returned to the Metro Park and recovered the torso of Tara Grant. He returned home and hid the remains in black plastic garbage bags in the garage.
According to his spoken and written confessions, Stephen Grant killed his wife during an argument, after she had slapped and belittled him. The veracity of his statements has not yet been determined. He was released from Northern Michigan Hospital and was transported to Macomb County by a convoy of Sheriff Deputies. On March 6, 2007 Grant was formally charged with count one homicide, murder in the first degree that is premeditated and with count two disinterment and/or mutilation of a dead body. The charge of count one homicide in the first degree that is premeditated is punishable by life in prison. The charge of disinterment, dismemberment, is punishable by up to 10 years in prison or a $5,000 fine or both.
Aftermath.
On April 13, 2007, Stephen Grant's confession was released to the public, including the entire conversation Stephen Grant had with authorities, as well as a written confession that he gave police. Tara's family decided that her children will be able to read the confession when they are adults. Grant's sister was given authority against her estate and she has filed a wrongful death suit against Stephen Grant.
On June 13, 2008 Stephen's father, William Allen Grant, committed suicide in Capac, Michigan from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Early reports indicate William Grant was seeking some visitation with the two Grant grandchildren.
Media coverage.
Grant's murder has gained strong media coverage, in Michigan as well as the entire United States. During the search, Macomb County Sheriff Mark Hackel told the public that he would hold a press conference each day during the search, until Tara was eventually found. After Stephen Grant's arrest, the story was featured on Larry King Live and Court TV; more recently it was told on the Biography Channel's series "Casanova Killers", as well as Investigation Discovery's series "Scorned: Love Kills", Season 1, Ep. 8: "The Au Pair Affair", since the murder appeared to be predicated by an affair, confessed by Grant, with the couple's au pair, Verena Dierkes, who he had groomed and manipulated into the affair when she was only nineteen years old. On March 12, 2007 the defense request for a gag order was rejected.
A book on the case, "A Slaying in the Suburbs: The Tara Grant Murder" covers the case and includes the only interviews with Grant after his arrest. Author Miller visited Grant several times at the Bellamy Creek Correctional Facility.
Verdict.
On Friday, December 21, 2007 Stephen Grant was found guilty on the charge of murder in the second degree. On Thursday, February 21, 2008, he was sentenced to a minimum of fifty years in prison. On March 30, 2010, Grant lost his final appeal in state court, leaving intact the original sentence of 50–80 years. The Michigan Supreme Court affirmed a lower court decision that found Grant's trial was not unduly prejudiced by pretrial publicity in the widely covered case, nor was Grant improperly denied access to an attorney before making a confession to police.

</doc>
<doc id="9883812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883812" title="Dickinson Air Force Station">
Dickinson Air Force Station

Dickinson Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located northeast of Dickinson, North Dakota. It was closed in 1965.
History.
Dickinson Air Force Station came into existence as part of Phase III of the Air Defense Command Mobile Radar program. On October 20, 1953 ADC requested a third phase of twenty-five radar sites be constructed. It became active in April 1959. 
The 706th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron activated with AN/FPS-3 search and AN/FPS-6A height-finder radars, and initially the station functioned as a Ground-Control Intercept (GCI) and warning station. As a GCI station, the squadron's role was to guide interceptor aircraft toward unidentified intruders picked up on the unit's radar scopes. A second AN/FPS-6A height-finder radar was added in 1960. 
During 1961 Dickinson AFS joined the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system, initially feeding data to DC-20 at Malmstrom AFB, Montana. After joining, the squadron was re-designated as the 706th Radar Squadron (SAGE) on 15 July 1961. The radar squadron provided information 24/7 the SAGE Direction Center where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile. By 1963 the radars had been upgraded to AN/FPS-66 search and AN/FPS-90 height-finder radars, and on 31 July 1963, the site was redesignated as NORAD ID Z-177.
In addition to the main facility, Dickinson operated three unmanned AN/FPS-18 Gap Filler sites:
All three Gap Filler sites remain with both the radar towers and support structures intact. The Alexander site is now home to the Watford City Joint Surveillance System (ARSR-4) LRR site (Z-300/J-76).
Dickinson was removed from service on 1 March 1965. The 706th Radar Squadron (SAGE) was inactivated 25 June 1965.
Today the station is abandoned, being demolished.
Buildings and facilities.
Buildings on the station include:
One interesting fact about the main station is that the family housing area is approximately one mile west of the operations buildings. The Ground to Air Transmitter-Receiver (GATR) facility was located off-station at , approximately 2700' elevation AMSL, roughly 3 miles north of the main station.
Air Force units and assignments.
Units.
Assignments:

</doc>
<doc id="9883822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883822" title="Ruthin Castle">
Ruthin Castle

Ruthin Castle is a medieval castle fortification in Wales, near the town of Ruthin in the Vale of Clwyd. It was constructed during the late 13th century by Dafydd, the brother of Prince Llywelyn II, on a red sandstone ridge overlooking the valley.
The castle was most notably the base of that branch of the noble de Grey family accorded the title "Barons Grey de Ruthyn" and the head of their marcher lordship of Dyffryn Clwyd. It was a base for Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn – the man who could be said to have sparked the rebellion of Owain Glyndŵr.
During the English Civil War Oliver Cromwell's forces dismantled and demolished the castle, in a process of organised defortification called slighting, to prevent castles being militarily viable in the future. 
In 1923 the castle became Britain's first private hospital for the investigation and treatment of obscure internal diseases. Since the 1960s the castle remains have been incorporated into a hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="9883831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883831" title="Barely Blind">
Barely Blind

Barely Blind is an American rock band that was formed in Groves, Texas in 2003. It is based in Los Angeles, California. The band is composed of Bradley Cuccio (lead vocals, guitar), William Smith (drums), Reid Guidry (bass), and Stephen Salisbury (guitar, vocals), in Groves, Texas.
Upon arriving in Los Angeles in 2011, the band self-released their first full-length album "Wilder Child of a Thousand Suns" for free download on their website. The single on the album "Inner Child" was featured on MTV.com Fresh New Music: August 2012 and also earned adds in retail in-store playlists across the US and spins at specialty and college radio.
Formation and early work (2003-2010).
The band met at the ages of 14 and 15 years old when drummer Will Smith was invited to original member Canaan Davis' house to rehearse with Brad Cuccio and Reid Guidry. The band shared a strong and immediate connection with punk and rock music. The band coined their name while attending The Pop Disaster Tour featuring Blink 182 and Greenday. While attending high school the band began playing their first shows locally. Their high energy performances helped them cultivate a large and dedicated fan base throughout Southeast Texas. The band released numerous demos before signing to Chicago based indie label TDR Records and releasing their first EP The Way We Operate in 2007 produced by Steve Soboslai. In support of their release the band set out on numerous self-booked tours across the US.
After touring full-time for two years, founding member, Canaan Davis decided to leave the band to attend college. Now a trio, the band traveled to Baltimore, MD in August 2008 to work with producer Paul Leavitt (Circa Survive, The Bled, All Time Low). These recordings were titled the "My Life With a Giant" EP and were self released by the band in June 2009. Prior to returning to Baltimore to complete their EP, Guitarist Stephen Salisbury joined the band, making his debut on the opening track "Tommy With The Lights Out." Soon after its release, the EP appeared on the Billboard Heat Seekers chart for 5 weeks in a row (July - Aug. 2009). In March of 2010 the band released their first music video for the song "Panic Attacks Are Normal" which was filmed in their hometown. The music video landed them a spot on the FriendsOrEnemies.com's "Unsigned VIPs Tour" featuring the bands Set It Off and With The Punches. The tour consisted of over 20 dates including the bands first trip to Canada.
Wilder Child of a Thousand Suns (2011-2012).
For the recording of Wilder Child of a Thousand Suns the band traveled to Lancaster, PA to begin tracking songs with engineer Kory Gable. The recording took place in two sessions and the album was completed in a total of only 8 days. The band chose to limit their time in the studio in order to create a spontaneous atmosphere. After tracking the record the band chose a photograph of Bradley's aunt and mother disguised as clowns, taken on Halloween 1979. The band chose a new approach with the release of this album. The band relocated to Los Angeles, CA and made the album available for free download on their website. In November 2012 the band embarked across the US on the Wilder Child of a Thousand Suns Tour performing the album in its entirety on select dates.
2013 - present.
Barely Blind was to enter the studio in May 2013 with Pierre de Reeder (Rilo Kiley, Death Cab For Cutie, Vampire Weekend) at Kingsize North in North Hollywood to begin tracking songs for their follow up to "Wilder Child of a Thousand Suns." On April 3 the band will be performing at The Roxy Theatre in celebration of their 10 year anniversary.
Tours.
2012 Wilder Child of a Thousand Suns Tour (Barely Blind Headline) (Nov. 1-17th) 
2012 Vans Warped Tour - July 22 - Pomona, CA 
2011 Tour w/ PUNCHLINE (Fueled by Ramen/ Modern Short Stories) (May 11-20th) 
2010 Vans Warped Tour - July 2 - Houston, TX 
2010 Burst and Bloom Tour (Barely Blind Headline) - May 6–25 
2010 FriendsOrEnemies.com Unsigned VIP Tour w/ Set It Off (Equal Vision Records) and With The Punches (Doghouse Records) - May 29 - June 26 
2009 Barack N' Roll Stimulus Tour w/ The Status (Doghouse Records) - Feb-April 
2009 Fall Tour w/ The Promise Hero (TDR Records) - Aug-Sept 
2008 Headlining/ Self Toured (Jan. 3rd - Nov. 21) 
2007 Headlining/ Self Toured (June 24 - December 9)

</doc>
<doc id="9883832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883832" title="Little Catwick">
Little Catwick

Little Catwick is a hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north-east of Beverley town centre. It lies east of the A165 Leven by-pass. 
It forms part of the civil parish of Catwick.

</doc>
<doc id="9883837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883837" title="Westbourne House School Penarth">
Westbourne House School Penarth

Westbourne School is a small coeducational independent day school, nursery and prep school for children between the ages of 3 and 18 located in the holiday resort town of Penarth, in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales 5.2 miles (8.4 kilometres) south west from the Welsh capital city of Cardiff.
Traditionally the school was strictly boys only. However in the mid 1980s the decision was taken to also accept girls and become a coeducational school. There are currently 162 pupils on roll. Westbourne School opened its new 6th form for the Autumn term of 2008. The school introduced the speciality of the Diploma Programme of the International Baccalaureate Organisation.
The school is housed within two buildings, approximately half a mile apart. The first houses the nursery and infants, the other the prep school and senior school. With 24 permanent staff and 2 teaching assistants the class sizes remain small, varying from a maximum of 17 down to as low as 9 in some subjects. The academic results are consistently excellent and Westbourne School is nationally recognised as a high achieving school. The school is now owned by the Montague Place Group of Independent Schools.
History.
Foundation.
The school first opened in 1895 at Ebenezer House on Westbourne Road, Penarth. However the school's foundation is deemed to be during the following year in 1896 under the headship of Mrs Caroline Ferris. Mrs Ferris renamed Ebenezer House as Westbourne House and the school was therefore retitled as Westbourne House Preparatory School for Boys.
In 1901 the school relocated to the large corner property at 13 Stanwell Road, which still forms part of the current school building.
Expansion.
In 1975 the adjoining property at 4 Hickman Road was also purchased and the combined properties were developed as Westbourne Senior School. The school opened a junior college for children aged between 9 and 11 years of age.
It was decided to make the additional purchase of the struggling independent "St Alma’s Girls School" located in Victoria Road and, with the purchase, the combined school became coeducational.
The school today.
Organisation.
The Victoria Road facility now houses the nursery school and junior school. The prep school, senior school and the sixth form are located in the main school building on the corner of Stanwell and Hickman roads.
Examinations are held for Years 3-10 during the Summer Term followed by a detailed written report. Examinations for Year 8 and Years 10-11 are also held at the end of the Winter Term. Assessments may also be held at other times during the year, on the basis of which mark sheets are prepared and interviews arranged with parents. GCSE examinations for Years 10 and 11 and Common Entrance examinations for Year 8 are held in May and June.
Westbourne School also benefits from the expertise of occasional visiting teachers and tutors from local Cardiff schools, colleges and universities. School facilities include gymnasium, IT suite, library, science laboratories, sports hall as well as access to high quality local sports facilities including athletics track, Penarth RFC Rugby pitch and the public owned swimming pool.
Sixth form.
The Autumn term 2008 saw the establishment of the school’s first sixth form, housed in a new state of the art Research and Media Centre with its separate sixth form common room and roof terrace.
Westbourne School now offers the internationally recognised Diploma Programme of The International Baccalaureate Organisation – considered to be the modern global ‘gold standard’ in secondary education and a perfect vehicle for achieving the school’s vision for the future of its students.
Educationalists view the International Baccalaureate as academically rigorous, relevant and forward-looking. The range of opportunity that it provides is designed to present students with the best possible chance of success in a fast moving world.
Inspection.
The latest inspection of the school by the ‘’’Independent Schools Council’’’ (ISC) can be found at the ISC website 
Results.
Results in GCSE exams remain consistently high. In 2007 the school achieved a 100% pass level in over 200 GCSEs, with 98% of those passes at grades A*, A, B and C. The recent banner mounted on the school's fence indicates ""1st in Wales, 4th in the UK"".

</doc>
<doc id="9883847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883847" title="Tampere Opera">
Tampere Opera

The Tampere Opera, established in 1946, is an opera house based in Tampere, Finland. The opera is run by guest artists. Their orchestra is the Tampere Filharmonia. The choir is composed of 80 singers and is led by Heikki Liimola.
The first visit abroad of Tampere Opera was in 2005, when they visited the National Theatre in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="9883850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883850" title="A Holiday Romance">
A Holiday Romance

A Holiday Romance (released in the UK under the title A Song for the season) is a 1999 film directed by Bobby Roth and starring Naomi Judd, Andy Griffith, and Gerald McRaney. This film has been released on DVD.
Plot.
During the holiday season, Bethlehem School goes under review by a stern school administrator Cal Peterson (Gerald McRaney), sent to eliminate programs to save money and the school itself. Following long review, Cal decides to eliminate the music program led by music teacher Lily Waite (Naomi Judd). Cal is unaware that his teenage niece Fern (Alison Pill), whom he has been taking care of, has been changed by the music program. At the final concert, before Lily must leave her job, the music program is saved by generous donations, and Cal sees Fern perform. There are many sub-plots, including the hijinks of Jake Peterson (Andy Griffith). With a musical back ground, this film is unique in itself, it reaches out to the viewer not only through acting but through the joy of Christmas music, showing tradition in a new light, and showing that you are only as old as you feel.

</doc>
<doc id="9883882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883882" title="Jackson Street Ferry">
Jackson Street Ferry

Jackson Street Ferry refers to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9883884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883884" title="Ring Out, Wild Bells">
Ring Out, Wild Bells

"Ring Out, Wild Bells" is a poem by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. Published in 1850, the year he was appointed Poet Laureate, it forms part of In Memoriam, Tennyson's elegy to Arthur Henry Hallam, his sister's fiancé who died at the age of twenty-two.
According to a story widely held in Waltham Abbey, and repeated on many websites (see two examples below), the 'wild bells' in question were the bells of the Abbey Church. According to the local story, Tennyson was staying at High Beach in the vicinity and heard the bells being rung. In some versions of the story it was a particularly stormy night and the bells were being swung by the wind rather than deliberately.
Allusions.
The Gresham's School chapel bell is inscribed with the last line of the poem, plus an attribution to the donor: "Ring in the Christ that is to be, Donum Dedit J. R. E."
Manchester Town Hall's hour bell, called 'Great Abel' after the Town Clerk, Abel Heywood, who oversaw the construction of the building - completed 1877, has the lines, 'Ring out the false, ring in the true' cast upon its surface.
Translations.
A rather free translation of this poem is recited annually at the national New Year's Eve celebration in Sweden every year by actor and singer Jan Malmsjö, who has recited the poem since 31 December 2001. The Swedish tradition of reading 'Ring Out, Wild Bells' began in 1897 when the young Swedish actor Anders de Wahl was asked to perform the poem at the annual New Year's Eve Celebration at Skansen in Stockholm. Anders de Wahl performed 'Ring Out, Wild Bells' (which, in Swedish, is called 'Nyårsklockan') until his death in 1956. The television producers at Sweden's biggest channel SVT decided to broadcast the annual New Years Celebration from Skansen in Stockholm on television, and this was first broadcast on 31 December 1977 when actor Georg Rydeberg read the poem. This turned out to be a major success and Rydeberg recited the poem until his death in 1983. It should be clearly noted that the Swedish translation varies from the English original.
Musical Settings.
The second, seventh and eighth stanza were set to music by Karl Jenkins in the finale ("Better is Peace") of The Armed Man.
The first, second and last stanza were set to music by Crawford Gates, and it is included in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 1985 hymnal (hymn number 215).
The first, second, third, fifth and seventh stanzas are set to music by Jonathon Dove for the final movement of his "Passing of the Year" song cycle written for Double Choir (SSAATTBB).
James Q Mullholland – set the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th and 7th stanzas to music in honour of Gary Schwartzhoff in a commissioned piece by members and friends at First Congregational Church, Eau Claire, WI. 2011. First sung by the UW Eau Claire Concert Choir on Sunday, 10 April 2011. Sung again by the Chancel Choir of First Congregational Church on Sunday, 22 May 2011.
Excerpts of the poem were also utilised by George Harrison in his song Ding Dong, Ding Dong ("Ring out the old – Ring in the new. Ring out the false – Ring in the true"). Harrison misattributed these passages to Sir Frank Crisp once they were all written and engraved on walls and other parts of Friar Park, the mansion bought by Harrison which once belonged to Sir Frank.

</doc>
<doc id="9883887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883887" title="Girlfriend (Pebbles song)">
Girlfriend (Pebbles song)

"Girlfriend" is a 1987 single from R&B singer Pebbles' self-titled debut album. Reaching number five on the Hot 100 and number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, it was one of her biggest hits. "Girlfriend" also peaked at number 24 on the dance charts.
Pebbles also gained her only UK Top 40 hit single in 1988 when "Girlfriend" peaked at #8.
History.
The song was co-written, originally for Vanessa Williams' debut album, by future production gurus Antonio "L.A." Reid (Pebbles' boyfriend at the time) and Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, who were then currently still in their band, The Deele. The two also performed background vocals in the song. In fact, just before the closing lyrics of the bridge, Pebbles can be heard shouting: "Hey Deele, sing!...".

</doc>
<doc id="9883893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883893" title="Mike Eischeid">
Mike Eischeid

Mike Eischeid is a former professional American football punter with a 9-year career in the American Football League and the National Football League from 1966 to 1974. He was the regular punter for the Oakland Raiders from 1966 to 1970, but played in only 2 games in 1971. He was also their regular place kicker in 1966, but only made 11 out of 26 field goals for a 42.3% average, and was replaced the following year by George Blanda. In particular, he punted on the 1967 AFL Champion Raiders and in the second AFL-NFL World Championship Game (Super Bowl II), which the Raiders lost. He reached his peak average in 1967 with 44.3 yards per punt, second in the AFL, a total the much better known Ray Guy surpassed only once in 14 years, but Eischeid's average steadily declined from 1968 to 1970, till he was replaced by Jerry DePoyster in 1971. Then he became the regular punter of the Minnesota Vikings from 1972 to 1974, playing in Super Bowl VIII and Super Bowl IX for the Vikings, two more losses, so that overall he played in 3 Super Bowls but his teams lost all 3. In AFL and NFC championship games, his teams won 3 (1967, 1973, 1974) and lost one (1969). Mike holds the record for most career punts in Super Bowls with 17 total punts in 3 games.

</doc>
<doc id="9883907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883907" title="Bodyweight exercise">
Bodyweight exercise

Bodyweight exercises are strength training exercises that do not require free weights; the practitioner's own weight provides the resistance for the movement. Movements such as the push-up, the pull-up, and the sit-up are some of the most common bodyweight exercises.
In general, increasing the amount of repetitions will focus on improving endurance, while strength gains are made through increasing the intensity of the exercise through decreasing leverage and working at the ends of range of motion.
Advantages.
Because they do not require weights, bodyweight exercises are the ideal choice for individuals who are interested in fitness but do not have access to equipment. However, strength still may be gained through this method. Weights may still be incorporated to increase the difficulty of most bodyweight exercises. While some exercises do require some sort of equipment, the majority of bodyweight exercises require none. For those exercises that do require equipment of some kind, a substitute can usually be improvised (for example, using two branches of a tree to perform triceps dips). Some bodyweight exercises have been shown to benefit not just the young, but the elderly also.
Bodyweight exercises, compared to weight lifting, often require much more flexibility and balance in order to perform repetitions. Such exercises include handstand pushups, planche pushups, and bridges. Many bodyweight exercises can be progressed or regressed to meet the individual's need. This progression/regression strategy allows nearly all levels of fitness to participate. Bodyweight training can be used effectively to strengthen the core muscles with the addition of speed or unstable surfaces (such as a stability ball) as well as exercise variations that limit the motion (such as extra wide push-ups or wide pull-ups).
Disadvantages.
Bodyweight exercises use the practitioner's own weight to provide the resistance for the movement. This means that the weight being lifted is never greater than the weight of one's own body. This can make it difficult to achieve a level of intensity that is near their one rep maximum, which is desirable for strength training. Bodyweight exercises can be "increased" in intensity by including additional weights (such as wearing a weighted vest or holding a barbell, kettlebell, sandbell or plate during a sit up) or by altering the exercise to put one's self at a leverage disadvantage (such as elevating the feet, hanging from straps to change leverage, using one limb, and incorporating isometrics).
Gymnasts make extensive use of this last technique by doing much of their training with straight arms (such as iron crosses, levers, and planches), giving them a mechanically disadvantaged position. Furthermore, a unilateral progression scheme can be used. Instead of a bilateral movement, such as a two-handed pull-up, the practitioner may decide, for strength increases, to choose a set of exercises that will allow him/herself to complete the one-arm pull up. In the bodyweight-training community, unilateral movements are highly regarded and sought after.
Bodyweight exercises can also be modified to "decrease" the intensity. For instance, a practitioner unable to perform a single push-up may perform them with the knees on the ground, or replace pull-ups with bodyweight rows (i.e. a pull-up but with a lower bar such that the body is at an angle with the heels on the ground).
List of exercises.
This is a list of common bodyweight exercises. Most of these exercises have several variants that can be performed to make the exercise more or less challenging, or to train different muscles. These variants are described in the articles covering the individual exercises.

</doc>
<doc id="9883910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883910" title="Live at Montreux 2001">
Live at Montreux 2001

Live at Montreux 2001 is the first live album released by Run–D.M.C.. It was officially released on April 3, 2007 through Eagle Records and was produced and mixed by Jam Master Jay. The concert was performed on July 21, 2001 in Montreux.

</doc>
<doc id="9883938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883938" title="Anna Wood (kayaker)">
Anna Wood (kayaker)

Anna Wood (born Annemarie Cox on 22 July 1966) is a Dutch-born Australian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in four Summer Olympics, she won two bronze medals in the K-2 500 m, earning them in 1988 with the Netherlands and 1996 with Australia.
Wood also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-2 500 m: 1998, K-2 1000 m: 1998, 1999), four silvers (K-1 5000 m: 1991, K-2 500 m: 1987, 1997; K-2 1000 m: 1997), and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1985).
She also represented the Dutch kayak team from 1983-1989. 
Wood's husband, Steven (1961–95), won a bronze in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. She was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder 1990-1994.

</doc>
<doc id="9883947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883947" title="Reggie Slack">
Reggie Slack

Reginald "Reggie" Slack (born May 2, 1968) is an American-born Canadian and American football quarterback.
Slack was Auburn University's starting quarterback in 1989 when the Crimson Tide from the University of Alabama came to Jordan-Hare Stadium for the first time in the history of the Iron Bowl rivalry. Prior to 1989, all Alabama–Auburn games were played at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. Auburn won the game 30–20 over an Alabama team that was unbeaten and ranked #2 in the nation.
After spending his collegiate career with Auburn, Slack was selected in the 12th round (321st overall) in the 1990 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers. Slack also played in the WLAF for the New York/New Jersey Knights and then played in the Canadian Football League with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Saskatchewan Roughriders, whom he led to a Grey Cup appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="9883952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883952" title="Fountaingrove Lake">
Fountaingrove Lake

Fountaingrove Lake is a reservoir in the city of Santa Rosa, California, United States. Formed by the Fountaingrove Dam, the lake is fed from the east by Piner Creek, which is also the lake's sole outlet.
Fountaingrove Dam is an earthen dam built in 1953. It is high, long, and wide.
In 1985, a private country club known as the Fountaingrove Golf and Athletic Club built a championship 18-hole golf course centered on Fountaingrove Lake. The golf course was designed by Ted Robinson Sr.
The dam and half the lake is owned by the city of Santa Rosa.
Ecology.
Fountaingrove has significant aquatic as well as upland biota, and is noted for being a habitat of the Western pond turtle, "Actinemys marmorata", a "Species of Special Concern".
Within the lake at its verges are significant densities of wetland plants; moreover, at upland locations there are many native trees, particularly Coast live oak, "Quercus agrifolia" and Garry oak, "Quercus garryana". Fishing has historically been conducted within the lake, although golf course and other urban development around the perimeter has reduced these practices.
Environmental factors.
The microclimate at Fountaingrove Lake is a mild Mediterranean climate typical of southern and central Sonoma County. Approximately 29.2 inches (74.2 cm) of precipitation occur at Fountaingrove Lake annually, almost entirely in the form of rainfall. The record high and low temperatures for this locale are 110 °F (43 °C) and 16 °F (-9 °C) respectively. Air quality is generally good since prevailing winds are from the northwest and intercept little industry as the winds travel from the Pacific Ocean. Sound levels have increased steadily with the growth of Santa Rosa, with the principal local sound source being Fountaingrove Parkway; sound levels from vehicles ascending the steep grades of that arterial can attain levels of 55 to 58 dBA at the environs of Fountaingrove Lake.
Current issues.
A water storage tank was proposed near the southern end of Fountaingrove Lake; the city of Santa Rosa has approved this project to add to the municipal drinking water supply, subject to erosion control measures to protect Fountaingrove Lake from excessive siltation. A substantial retirement community known as "Varenna" is under development as of 2007 on the ridgetop at the southeastern perimeter of Fountaingrove Lake. The "Varenna" project had not made wetlands mitigation environmental filings in a timely manner with the California Regional Water Quality Control Board regarding certain filling of perimeter wetlands of Fountaingrove Lake associated with its development project; therefore, additionally off-site mitigation was required of the project to compensate the people of California for the wetlands destruction at Fountaingrove Lake. On site mitigation measures include extensive erosion protection for cut slopes and installation of bioswales.

</doc>
<doc id="9883962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883962" title="St Botolph's Aldgate">
St Botolph's Aldgate

St Botolph's Church, Aldgate, St Botolph-without-Aldgate, or just Aldgate Church, is a Church of England parish church in the City of London, standing at the junction of Houndsditch and Aldgate High Street. The current 18th-century church is made of brick with stone quoins and window casings. The tower is square with an obelisk spire.
The ecclesiastical parish was united with that of the Church of Holy Trinity, Minories, in 1899.
Dedication.
The church was one of four in medieval London dedicated to St Botolph, a 7th-century East Anglian saint, each of which stood by one of the gates on the eastern side of the city. The others were St Botolph's, Billingsgate (destroyed by the Great Fire and not rebuilt), St Botolph's-without-Aldersgate, and St. Botolph's, Bishopsgate.
History.
The first written record of this church appears in 1115, when it was received by the Holy Trinity Priory (recently founded by Matilda, wife of Henry I) but the parochial foundations may very well be pre-1066.
The church was rebuilt in the 16th century and once more, in its present form between 1741 and 1744, to a design by George Dance the Elder. The exterior is of brick with projecting quoins, stone windows surrounds and a stone cornice. The tower, also of brick, has rusticated quoins, and a stone spire. The interior of the building is divided into nave and aisles by four widely-spaced piers supporting a flat ceiling. There are galleries along three sides. The church is lit by two rows of windows in each side wall, one above and one below the gallery. The monuments from the old building were preserved, and reinstalled in the new church.
The interior was redecorated by John Francis Bentley, the architect of Westminster Cathedral in the late 19th century.The church was severely bombed at intervals during the London Blitz of the Second World War and then, after its restoration by Rodney Tatchell, was much damaged by an unexplained fire in 1965, so that further restoration had to be carried out.
St Botolph's was rehallowed on November 8, 1966 by the Bishop of London, in the presence of the Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and Sir Robert Bellinger, the Lord Mayor of London, who attended in state."
St Botolph's was often referred to as the "Church of Prostitutes" in the late Victorian period. The church is sited on an island surrounded by roadways and it was usual in these times to be suspicious of women standing on street corners. They were easy targets for the police, and to escape apprehension the prostitutes would parade around the island, now occupied by the church and Aldgate tube station.
The church was designated a Grade I listed building on 4 January 1950.
Organ.
The organ by Renatus Harris was built in the early 18th century. It has recently undergone a historical restoration by the organ builders Goetze and Gwynn, and been returned to its 1744 specification using many of the original components. This organ has been described as the oldest church organ in the United Kingdom. Although there are older pipes and cases, this is the oldest collection of pipes in their original positions on their original wind chests. Because of its historic importance the organ was filmed and recorded for the documentary The Elusive English Organ.
Donated by Thomas Whiting in 1676 it was built between 1702 to 1704. It was enhanced for the new church (the current building) by Harris' son-in-law, John Byfield, in 1740. The organ was considerably enlarged several times in the 19th century and again rebuilt by Mander Organs in the 1960s. The decision to restore the instrument was taken by St Botolph’s in 2002 after which a fundraising campaign was launched. The restoration, which took took nine months, was carried out under the consultancy of Ian Bell the workshops of Goetze and Gwynn in Welbeck, Nottinghamshire. The instrument was reinstalled in May 2006.
External links.
Bold text

</doc>
<doc id="9883983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883983" title="Javel">
Javel

Javel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9883993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883993" title="I Want Her">
I Want Her

"I Want Her" is a song by American R&B singer Keith Sweat. As the first single from his debut album, "Make It Last Forever", it reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart for three weeks. and became the most successful number one single of 1988 on the Billboard Hot R&B chart. [http://www.soulsystem.it/yend.asp?date=12-31-1988&image2.x=4&image2.y=5&image2=ok] This was the first new jack swing song to reach #1 on the R&B charts. "I Want Her" also peaked at number 38 on the dance chart. The song topped the R&B Billboard Year-End chart for 1988. It was ranked number 6 on complex.com's list of 25 best new jack swing songs of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="9883994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883994" title="The Oval (Wirral)">
The Oval (Wirral)

The Oval (sometimes referred to as "The Bebington Oval" and "Port Sunlight") is a Municipal athletics stadium in Bebington, Merseyside.
The venue has played host to Tranmere Rovers F.C. reserve and ladies teams.
The ground has an eight-lane running track which was originally paid for by Lever Brothers in the 1920s but has since undergone an upgrade.
It was featured in the film Chariots of Fire and represented the Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir.
In November 2008 it was the scene of a suicide when a 30-year old woman set fire to herself.

</doc>
<doc id="9883999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9883999" title="Terry Brown (American football)">
Terry Brown (American football)

Terry Brown (born January 9, 1947 in Walters, Oklahoma) played professional American football from 1969-1976 in the National Football League. He is most famous for scoring the Minnesota Vikings only points of Super Bowl IX on a blocked punt.

</doc>
<doc id="9884032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884032" title="Mariana Sadovska">
Mariana Sadovska

Mariana Sadovska (born 1972, Lviv, Ukraine) is a German-based Ukrainian actress, singer, musician, recording artist, and composer. 
Life.
Sadovska began her work with Les Kurbas Theater (Lviv, Ukraine) at Anatole Vasiliev's Festivals in St. Petersburg and Moscow. There, she was tapped for the Slavic Pilgrim Project by Jerzy Grotowski in Pontedera, Italy. Later that year, she was invited to join Theater Gardzienice where she worked for 10 years as an actor and music director. During her tenure with Gardzienice, she conducted ethnomusicological expeditions to Ukraine, Ireland, Egypt, Cuba and Brazil. She has since organized many cultural exchanges between contemporary artists from Europe and the United States with the native singers of Ukraine. 
In 2001, she moved to New York with a grant from the Earth Foundation. There she worked as a music director with La Mama, E.T.C.'s resident theater company, Yara Arts Group. 
During her residence in New York City, she began working on her solo performances as well as collaborations with such artists as Julian Kytasty, Michael Alpert (of Brave Old World), Anthony Coleman, Frank London, Victoria Hanna and Sanda. 
In 2001, Global Village produced her first solo CD, "Songs I learned in Ukraine". In 2005, Sadovska and EVOE group produced her second solo CD "Borderland". Since then she had appearances at the Knitting Factory, Joe's Pub, BAM, Macor, Galapagos and Exit Art.
She teaches workshops on vocal techniques which she has collected through her travels at the Grotowski Center (Poland), Giving Voice Festival (UK), International Workshop Festival (Israel), The Royal Shakespeare Co. (London), as well as many academic institutions, including Harvard, Swarthmore, SUNY Buffalo, NYU and UC Santa Barbara. 
In July 2005, she taught workshops at the University of Kabul (Afghanistan). In 2006 she was a guest musical director for the Art Atelier Program curated by Toni Morrison at Princeton University. In 2008 Sadovska became a Fulbright scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="9884035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884035" title="Marc Biedermann">
Marc Biedermann

Marc Biedermann is an American heavy metal guitarist, vocalist, bassist and songwriter. He is best known for as the driving force behind the progressive band Blind Illusion. He has also played on Blue Öyster Cults "Imaginos" and Heathens "Victims of Deception" albums. Marc Biedermann was laying down a monstrous track for a Blind Illusion album, recorded and mastered at Hyde Street where manager of Blue Öyster Cult, Sandy Pearlman, overheard. Pearlman on the spot, went over, introduced himself, and invited Biedermann to be in the Guitar Orchestra of Imaginos.
Biedermann is currently working on a project band, named "The Ghost Kings," an energized, countrified, rock-a-billy, blues band in which he sings and plays guitar, along with Robert (Drummer) Nystrom, formerly of AfterMath, and currently with Blind Illusion, on drums, and Eric Lagosh, on slide guitar.
On July 7, 2010, Blind Illusion released the album "Demon Master".

</doc>
<doc id="9884075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884075" title="Nazareth Academy (La Grange Park, Illinois)">
Nazareth Academy (La Grange Park, Illinois)

Nazareth Academy is a Roman Catholic college-preparatory high school located in LaGrange Park, Illinois, in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. It was founded in 1900 by the Sisters of St. Joseph.
History.
After relocating to Chicago, the Sisters of St. Joseph were encouraged to settle in LaGrange Park and open a school. In 1900, they founded Nazareth Academy in a remodeled house located at 120 N. Spring. There were 14 students, all girls, ranging from the ages of 5 to 14. Some students boarded at the school while others were only day students. In 1901, a new building was constructed. In 1903, the first two students of Nazareth graduated and enrollment had risen to 48 girls. At the same time, a boy’s only school was opened across the street from Nazareth. In 1926, the Sisters decided to restrict enrollment to high school students only. In 1936, Nazareth was accredited by the North Central Association for the first time. In 1950 there were 500 students and in an effort to house all the students, a new building was constructed; by 1958, there were 1,319 students. In 1963, the boarding school was forced to close in an effort to make room for more classrooms to accommodate the growing number of students. Soon after, in 1974, enrollment had decreased so greatly that the Sisters were forced to sell their building to the town and relocated to its current residence on Ogden Avenue. In 1977, with only 498 students were enrolled at Nazareth, the Sisters opened the school to boys, making it a coed school for the first time. Since then, many buildings and facilities have been added to the campus, including a gym and a football and soccer field.
Recently, Nazareth has been working on adding many additions to the school in an effort to keep up with the growing number of students. Among the additions are a baseball field, a new entrance hall, a legacy garden, and last fall the new dining hall was opened. The main athletic field, used for both football and soccer, now has a FieldTurf surface. In the spring of 2008, the school also added a new auditorium.
Academics.
The focus of the school's academic program is on college preparatory.
The school offers Advanced placement courses in: English Language, English Literature, Spanish Language, French Language, Calculus (AB & BC), Computer Science (A & AB), Biology, Physics (B), Chemistry, and U.S. History.
The Foreign Language Department offers study Spanish, French, Mandarin and Italian. It offered German in the past, but no longer does.
As a part of the religious study component of the graduation requirement, students must complete ten hours of community service as a sophomore. Juniors must complete an additional ten hours of service, in addition to attending a two day retreat.
Athletics.
The Nazareth Academy Roadrunners are full members of the East Suburban Catholic Conference (ESCC), and compete in state tournaments sponsored by the Illinois High School Association (IHSA).
The school sponsors interscholastic teams for men and women in basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, tennis, track & field, and volleyball. Men may also compete in baseball and football. Women may also compete in cheerleading and softball. While not sponsored by the IHSA or ESCC, the school also sponsors an ice hockey team for men. Women may also compete in lacrosse as a JV sport, and pom-poms. "
Campus Ministry.
Campus ministry focuses on three areas: service, liturgies, and retreats.
Students participate in a mandatory retreat as juniors, and may also participate in a Kairos retreat as seniors.
Students may also help in planning liturgy celebrations throughout the year, as well as becoming extraordinary ministers of Holy Communion to assist during these services.
Service is encouraged through many extracurricular activities, though other opportunities (such as volunteering time at soup kitchens and homeless shelters) are also made available to students. Students are required to complete 20 hours of community service as a graduation requirement. Each spring, the seniors participate in a "Circle the City" day, where all seniors spend the day volunteering at different locations throughout the city and suburbs of Chicago.
Notable Alumni/ae.
Author:
Virginia C. Bulat (class of 1956), author and historian, history of Illinois and Cook County, Illinois

</doc>
<doc id="9884080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884080" title="Ivan Gaskell">
Ivan Gaskell

Ivan Gaskell is a Derby born sports reporter for the BBC. He joined BBC Sport in 1997, after working on East Midlands Today for 10 years. He worked on World Cup coverage in 2002 and 2006 and is a regular reporter on Football Focus, Match of the Day and Final Score[http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/football_focus/2896775.stm. Along with these duties, Gaskell also occasionally presents sports bulletins on the BBC News Channel 
Gaskell is an alumnus of Noel-Baker Community School

</doc>
<doc id="9884082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884082" title="Free French Naval Air Service">
Free French Naval Air Service

The Free French Naval Air Service (Aéronavale française libre) was the naval aviation arm of Free French Naval Forces during the Second World War.
The Free French Naval Air Service supported Free French Naval and Allied forces in overseas fronts (North Africa, Middle East, etc.) and later supported the Free French Navy during Allied advances into French territory after the Battle of Normandy.
The markings of the Free French Naval Air Service were regular French roundels overpainted with an anchor on the fuselage, and the French tricolor on the rudder.
It operated all the French naval aircraft, seaplanes and flying boats, that escaped from German-occupied France after the Battle of France, together with naval aircraft from the French colonies that declared allegiance to de Gaulle's Free French Forces, and aircraft donated by the British and Americans. It carried out Marine patrols and operations against Axis forces in France during 1944-45. It formed the basis for the postwar French Naval Air Service.

</doc>
<doc id="9884101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884101" title="Tiberio Fiorilli">
Tiberio Fiorilli

Tiberio Fiorilli (also spelled Fiorillo and Fiurelli; November 9, 1608 – December 7, 1694)
was an Italian actor of " commedia dell'arte" known for developing the role of Scaramouche. He was especially popular in France, where
he was the director of the troop of the Comédie-Italienne, which shared with the troop of his friend Molière the Theatre of the Petit-Bourbon, and the Theatre of the Palais-Royal.
He was born in Naples, but left Italy around 1640 for unknown reasons, perhaps simply while following a troupe of actors, or to flee a political intrigue. He arrived in France under the reign of Louis XIII. His play pleased the queen, which enabled him to attend the court.
It is said that one day, when the two-year-old Dauphin cried (the future Louis XIV), Fiorilli, as Scaramouche, made any possible sound to comfort him. He achieved this task with grimaces and tomfoolery; consequently, the Dauphin had "a need, that he had at the time, the hands and the dress of Scaramouche". Fiorilli was then ordered to visit the court every night to amuse the Dauphin, which helped the Scaramouche character become a stock figure in the theatre of the time. The character of Scaramouche became a standard role thereafter of the "commedia dell'arte". He died in Paris and is buried in the Église Saint-Eustache.
In literature.
A stage musical, "Scaramouche - The Zany Commedia Musical," with book, lyrics and music by Stephen Lanigan-O'Keeffe, was premiered in Hoxton Hall, London, UK in 2007 and revised and restaged in 2011. The musical is a fusion of musical theatre and commedia dell'arte practices and treats Fiorillo's life and career as a parable on celebrity culture.

</doc>
<doc id="9884125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884125" title="Rhodes Ranch">
Rhodes Ranch

Rhodes Ranch is a guard gated, golf course community located in the southwest Las Vegas Valley.
Rhodes Ranch is at the base of the Spring Mountains and located 12 miles from the Las Vegas Strip with a course designed by architect Ted Robinson. The community is developed by Dunhill Homes and is planned to have 7000 homes upon completion.

</doc>
<doc id="9884132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884132" title="Miami Coral Park High School">
Miami Coral Park High School

Miami Coral Park Senior High School is a secondary school, located at 8865 S.W. 16th Street in the Westchester neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States. 
History.
The school was opened in 1963. It was the first school with A/C in South Florida. Coral Park has one of the best Engineering and Robotics academies including other subcategory. The principal is Nick JacAngelo. 
Demographics.
Miami Coral Park High School is 93% Hispanic, 2% Black non-Hispanic, 4% White non-Hispanic and 1% unknown, as of 2011.
Extra curricular successes.
In 1996 and in 2003, the Miami Coral Park Varsity Cheerleading squad won national championship titles. (Cheerleaders of America in Jacksonville, FL 1996; The American Open Championships Tampa FL 2003).
In 2011, the Miami Coral Park Marching "Band Of Gold" won the Class 3a State Championship at the annual FMBC Florida marching band competition.
In pop culture.
During the summer of 1984, Coral Park's gym was used as the Angel Beach High gym in "Porky's Revenge", the third movie of the "Porky's" series.
For a brief period in the late 1980s up to the late 1990s (1998), the stretch of 16th street on which the school is located was renamed "Jose Canseco Street" after one of the school's most famous alumni. However, after Canseco gained notoriety due to several scandalous episodes, the street returned to its original designation as "Ram Road" when students signed a petition. Part of the street is now named Ram Road/Jose Luis Rodriguez, after a local philanthropist who volunteered at Coral Park and whose son attended the school.

</doc>
<doc id="9884159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884159" title="Lud Kramer">
Lud Kramer

A. Ludlow (Lud) Kramer (June 10, 1932, in New York City – April 9, 2004) was best known as a United States politician, serving as a Seattle City councillor (1961) and as Secretary of State of Washington (1965–1975).
Childhood.
Mr Kramer was born in New York City on June 10, 1932.
Education.
Mr Kramer graduated from Brooks Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, USA.
Career.
He later served in the U.S. Air Force as a Sergeant.
In 1955, Mr Kramer moved to Tacoma, Washington, where he worked in the banking industry. 
Political career.
In 1961, Mr Kramer moved to Seattle with his family and was elected to the Seattle City Council at the age of 29. 
In 1964, he became the youngest Secretary of State in Washington State history on the Republican ticket. He served for three terms. 
In 1969, Mr Kramer chaired the Washington State Commission on the Cause and Prevention of Civil Disorder. The "Kramer Commission" examined issues of racial discrimination in housing and the justice system.
His major initiatives dealt with migrant housing, election law reform, lowering the voting age from 21 to 18, and various social justice programs for minorities. 
Retirement.
In 1975, Mr Kramer created the Ludlow Foundation. The purpose of the Ludlow Foundation was to provide small grants to lower-income people and non-profit organizations. 
Family.
Mr Kramer married his wife Patricia. They were married for 17 years and divorced for 17 years then got remarried. They had two daughters and two sons.
Death.
Mr Kramer died in Liberty Lake, Washington on April 9, 2004 from lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9884165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884165" title="Free French Air Force">
Free French Air Force

The Free French Air Force (, FAFL) was the air arm of the Free French Forces during the Second World War.
Fighting for Free France — the FAFL in French North Africa (1940–1943).
On 17 June 1940, five days before the signing of the Franco-German Armistice, the first "exodus" (of 10 airmen) took flight from Bordeaux-Mérignac to England. Others rallied to General Charles de Gaulle from France and French North Africa during the period June 1940 to November 1942. A contingent of volunteers from South American countries such as Uruguay, Argentina and Chile was also created, as Free French officials recruited there personally. From a strength of 500 on July 1940, the ranks of the FAFL grew to 900 by 1941, including 200 flyers. A total of 276 of these flyers were stationed in England, and 604 were stationed in overseas theaters of operation. In the summer of 1940 General de Gaulle named then-Colonel Martin Valin as commander-in-chief of the FAFL. Valin was at the French military mission in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the time of his appointment and he had to complete his assignment there by February 1941. It took him 45 days to get to London to see de Gaulle and it was not until 9 July that Valin formally assumed office taking over from the caretaker commander, Admiral Emile Muselier.
All FAFL aircraft were to be identified differently from those of the Vichy French air force, which continued to use the pre-war tricolor roundel. In order to distinguish their allegiance from that of Vichy France, the Cross of Lorraine - a cross with two parallel horizontal arms, with the lower arm slightly longer than the upper one - was the symbol of Free France chosen by Charles de Gaulle. The cross could be seen in the same places on FAFL aircraft where the roundels used to be on all French military aircraft, that is, on the fuselage and on the lower and upper surfaces of the wings.
The FAFL was formed with one “mixed” unit at RAF Odiham on August 29, 1940, under the command of "Commandant" (Major) Lionel de Marmier. One of its first jobs was to try to persuade the governors-general of colonies in French West Africa not to submit to the orders of the Vichy government, and instead join the Free French in their continuing fight against the Axis Powers of Germany and Italy.
Operation Menace was the Allied plan to take persuade Dakar (as de Gaulle believed was possible) to join the Allied cause, or capture it by force. Among the units taking part was the newly formed FAFL "Groupe de Combat Mixte" (GMC) 1, code-named "Jam", consisted of four squadrons, composed of Bristol Blenheim bombers and Westland Lysander liaison/observation aircraft. The resulting Battle of Dakar was a failure. The port remained in Vichy control, FAFL envoys were arrested and imprisoned at Dakar by the Vichy authorities, and de Gaulle's standing was damaged.
However, French forces in Cameroon and Chad, in French Equatorial Africa, rallied to the Gaullist cause. There were three detachments of French air force units — based at Fort-Lamy (now N’Djamena) (Chad), Douala (Cameroon) and Pointe-Noire (Congo) – operating a mixed bag of Potez and Bloch aircraft, and they thus became part of the FAFL. However, Gabon remained loyal to Vichy, so, in mid- to late October 1940, FAFL squadrons set out on photo-reconnaissance and leaflet-dropping missions. The first combats between Vichy and the FAFL took place on 6 November 1940, when two Vichy air force aircraft took on two FAFL Lysanders near Libreville. Both aircraft sustained damage but made it back to base. Two days later, the first FAFL airmen were shot down and taken prisoner. Two days after that, Libreville was taken by Free French army troops, resulting in the FAFL aircraft now operating from the air base that had been used by their opponents of a few days before. The French attitude towards the fighting was that of a “civil war” that was being won for Free France, since now Libreville had joined the Gaullist cause. As it happened, this would be the only time when opposing factions within FEA territory would fight each other openly.
Philippe de Hauteclocque, better known by his French resistance name of "Leclerc", who later became one of the most famous French army generals in history, had strong ambitions in North Africa. But in outlining what he wanted the FAFL to do, he often revealed a complete lack of understanding of what it was actually capable of. When he demanded that the Italian-held airfield at Koufra in Libya was to be bombed, he was told, matter-of-factly, that the squadrons had no capability of carrying out such a major mission, especially given the lack of experience in navigating over vast desert territory. Leclerc’s reaction, based on his fury at lack of air support during the German invasion of France, was ugly, and relations between him and the FAFL deteriorated rapidly. A mission carried out by the recently formed "Groupe de Bombardement" (GRB) 1 ("Lorraine") on February 4, 1941, ended disastrously when, out of four Blenheims sent to bomb Koufra, only a single one returned – and, even then, it was because of engine trouble. (It was not until 1959 that one of the other three aircraft was found.) On February 27, the Free French took Koufra airfield, while the enemy garrison surrendered two days afterwards. Leclerc, for his part, still regarded aviation as a kind of appendage, of such minor importance that it might as well not be there to support the ground forces at all.
Following the Fall of France in 1940, there were French airmen who were determined to continue the fight against Nazi Germany. Some of these men joined the RAF, whereas others joined the FAFL directly. Those airmen who had joined the RAF were fighting in the armed forces of a foreign nation, and were technically breaking French civil law. As such, they could be classified as a mercenary or filibuster, as well as the charge of desertion under a court martial. On 15 April 1941, de Gaulle issued a formal declaration, requesting that French nationals in the RAF were to apply to be reincorporated in the FAFL by the 25th April 1941. Any personnel making the transfer would be exempted from any wrongdoing. Not all French personnel complied with this ruling. Some of the personnel that had left Syria and Lebanon had specifically done so to join the RAF, and were opposed to de Gaulle. Consideration was given by the RAF to grant British citizenship to these men, so as not to alienate them. Whilst the FAFL certainly had a number of aircrew (several of whom had flown to the allies), it was weakened in its lack of ground crew, and a lack of spare parts for their French-built machines. Whilst the aircrew of GRB 1 were all French, the ground crew were initially British airmen. The arrival in the Middle East of former "Aéronavale" ground crew from Tahiti in July 1941 was seen as a boost to the FAFL's maintenance personnel.
The "Groupe Bretagne" was formed on 1 January 1942, with certain objectives in mind: U.S.-built Maryland aircraft would carry out long-range reconnaissance missions, the Lysanders close-support missions and the Potez liaison and transport missions. Yet it was not until March 3 that the first operational missions were carried out from Uigh el-Kébir, which had only been captured the previous day. The very next day, however, a Lysander crashed on landing, injuring its pilot, who had to be evacuated to hospital. On March 7, the FAFL had some success when some Lysanders successfully destroyed three enemy aircraft on the ground at Um el-Aranel; one of them was chased by an Italian fighter plane, but it managed to get back to base, albeit sustaining considerable damage.
For most of 1942, the "Groupe Bretagne" concentrated mostly on liaison and training flights, yet, in late autumn, Leclerc wanted to count on the FAFL for supporting ground offensives against the Italians in the wake of the victory of the British 8th Army against the Afrika Korps at the Second Battle of El Alamein and the Anglo-American invasion of Morocco during Operation Torch. However, lack of co-operation between Leclerc’s general staff based at Algiers and the Allies seemed to indicate a power struggle between him and de Gaulle since the latter was in charge of the Free French forces in London. Though FAFL airplanes from the “Rennes” squadron of the "Groupe Bretagne" did engage Italian forces towards the end of 1942 and the beginning of 1943, problems with both weapons and the aircraft themselves (mostly engine trouble resulting in forced-landings) dogged the efforts of the aircrews. January 23, 1943, witnessed the fall of Tripoli – and the end of the air war for the "Groupe".
The Anglo-American landing in North Africa in November 1942 was the starting point for the rebirth of the French Air Force, thanks to the commitment by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, of 1,000 planes, and the French began to receive U.S.-built aircraft to replenish its squadrons. GCII/5 was the first unit organized, at first consisting of a single squadron of P-40 Tomahawk fighters acquired from the United States Army Air Forces, because of its ties to the Lafayette Escadrille in World War I. Operating from a forward base at Thelepte, Tunisia, the two squadrons of GCII/5 fought alongside American units in clearing North Africa of Axis forces in 1943.
On July 1, 1943, the Algiers-based "Armée de l'Air" general staff (which received its orders from de Gaulle and General Giraud) and the FAFL general staff were merged and placed under the command of General Bouscat. He conducted the reorganization of the French Air Force, incorporating all elements coming from the ex-Vichy French Army in North Africa and the FAFL. Those forces included about twenty various Groups equipped mainly with Dewoitine D.520s, LeO 45s, Glenn Martin bombers, Bloch MB.175 reconnaissance aircraft, and an assortment of Amiots, Farmans, and Potez 540 transport aircraft.
One squadron, two identities: GC 2/7 (No.326 “Nice” Squadron) (1943–1945).
Altogether, under the umbrella of the USA (not just in North Africa, but also in Sicily and Corsica), there were nine FAFL fighter groups, three of which were designated as RAF fighter squadrons, namely No.326 (“"Nice"”), No.327 (“"Corse"”) and No.328 (“"Provence"”) Squadrons, with other units similarly named after regions in metropolitan France: Roussillon, Champagne, Navarre, Lafayette, Dauphiné and Ardennes. Similarly, there were six bomber groups (Bretagne, Maroc, Gascogne, Bourgogne, Sénégal and Franche-Comté), one reconnaissance group (Belfort) and one transport group (Anjou).
Following the dissolution of the Vichy French naval aviation arm, the second "escadrille" of the combat fighter group GC II/7 accepted several navy pilots into its ranks. In March 1943, it received its first British aircraft; Supermarine Spitfire Mk.Vb fighters. When GC II/7 was broken up in August, the squadron received two designations – one of which was French, the other British – by virtue of the fact that its complement included both French and British pilots. While the British designated the unit No.326 Squadron of the RAF, the French knew their squadron as GC 2/7, even though it was attached to No. 345 Wing of the Mediterranean Allied Coastal Air Force (MACAF). Its first mission as GC 2/7 was an armed reconnaissance mission on April 30, 1943, during the final phase of the war in North Africa, by which time the "Luftwaffe" had all but vanished, but ground-based "Flak" units still remained. By May 13, the Germans had surrendered in North Africa, and GC 2/7 had by then flown 42 missions, accumulating 296 sorties. On June 18, the squadron replaced its Mk.Vb Spitfires with the more agile and maneuverable Mk.IX variant, built originally to combat the German Focke-Wulf Fw 190, an example of which had been credited to GC 2/7 just seven days earlier.
September 1943 witnessed the participation of GC 2/7 in the liberation of Corsica, claiming seven enemy aircraft destroyed for the loss of two of its pilots. On the 27th, the squadron, alongside GC 1/3, had the distinction of becoming the first "Armée de l'Air" unit to be stationed on French soil, since the dissolution of the Vichy French air force the previous December, when it occupied the airfield at Ajaccio-Campo dell’Oro. Now part of No.332 Wing, the squadron’s duties encompassed patrols over the island of Corsica itself, interception of German bombers attacking the island, protection of Allied convoys traversing the Mediterranean, attacks against German shipping berthed in Italian ports, and, from January 1944, the escort of USAAF bombers attacking targets in Italy. From the spring of 1944, GC 2/7 would involve itself both in strafing and dive-bombing attacks against ground targets in coastal regions of western Italy as well as the island of Elba, famous as the place of temporary exile of Napoleon in 1814 prior to his escape.
Finally, in September 1944, GC 2/7 found itself based in metropolitan France itself and was assigned to the same kind of missions that it had conducted over Italy. However, its commanding officer, Captain Georges Valentin, was shot down by "flak" over Dijon on the 8th, while another, Captain Gauthier, was shot down a week later, only he managed to reach Switzerland from where, having been interned, he “escaped” to rejoin his unit. As the front line advanced eastwards towards "Reich" territory, GC 2/7 went to Luxeuil, from where missions flown in early October resulted in four enemy aircraft being confirmed destroyed and another one counted as a “probable”. Christmas Eve saw GC 2/7 escorting B-26 bombers. "Around 20" enemy fighters attacked the formation, and GC 2/7 claimed four of them destroyed, but the French lost one of their pilots in the process.
GC 2/7 frequently clashed with the enemy as the Allies advanced farther into Nazi Germany – including a sighting of two Messerschmitt Me 262 jet fighters on March 22, 1945, which were just too fast for the piston-engined Spitfires. On April 14, sixteen of the squadron’s aircraft were escorting Lockheed F-5s when they were intercepted by a mixed formation of Bf 109s and Fw 190s, two of which were claimed by GC 2/7 pilots, yet one pilot was shot down and became – for the brief duration that the war in Europe yet had to run – a prisoner. By the time the war did end on May 8, GC 2/7 had, since its formation two years earlier, accomplished just over 7,900 sorties.
Red Star: the "Régiment Normandie-Niemen" fighting for the Soviet Union (1942–1945).
Six months after the Germans invaded the USSR, talks aimed at closer co-operation between Free France and the Soviet Union resulted in a squadron being especially created with an initial core of twelve fighter pilots being sent east. The "Groupe de Chasse" GC 3 "Normandie" was officially promulgated by de Gaulle on 1 September 1942, with "Commandant" Pouliquen in command. Mechanics, pilots and hardware were transported by rail and air via Tehran (Iran) to Baku (now the capital of Azerbaijan). A period of training on the Yakovlev Yak-7 was completed by mid-February 1943 when "Commandant" Jean Tulasne took command of the "groupe", which finally headed for the front on 22 March 1943.
The first campaign of GC 3, equipped with the Yakovlev Yak-1 fighter plane, lasted until 5 October, and encompassed the area of Russia between Polotniani-Zavod and Sloboda/Monostirtchina. From an initial aerial victory over an Fw 190 on 5 April the tally rose dramatically and the squadron became the focus of much Soviet propaganda, so much so that "Generalfeldmarschall" Wilhelm Keitel (who was executed in 1946 after the Nuremberg trials) decreed that any French pilot captured would be executed.
Tragedy struck the squadron when the much-decorated Tulasne was reported missing in action after combat on 17 July requiring "Commandant" Pierre Pouyade to take command. In spite of the loss, GC 3 started to receive many Soviet unit citations and decorations as well as French ones. On October 11, de Gaulle accorded the "groupe" the title of "Compagnon de la Libération". By the time GC 3 relocated to Toula on 6 November 1943, there were only six surviving pilots from the "groupe", which had accumulated 72 aerial victories since joining the fighting.
1944 witnessed the expansion of the "groupe" to become a "régiment", with a fourth "escadrille" joining its ranks. After training at Toula was completed on more advanced Yak-9D fighter planes, the new regiment rejoined the front line for its second campaign. This lasted until November 27 and took in the area between Doubrovka (in Russia) and Gross-Kalweitchen (in East Prussia, Germany). It was during this campaign that Joseph Stalin allowed the regiment to style itself "Normandie-Niemen" in recognition of its participation in the battles to liberate the river of that name. On October 16, the first day of a new offensive against East Prussia, the easternmost part of the "Reich" home territory, the regiment’s pilots destroyed 29 enemy aircraft without loss. By the following month, the regiment was itself based in "Reich" territory. By the end of the year, Pouyade had been released from his command of the regiment and he, along with other veteran pilots, returned to France.
14 January 1945, saw the "Normandie-Niemen" regiment start its third campaign (from Dopenen to Heiligenbeil), concentrating in the East Prussian part of the German "Reich", until victory in the east was formally announced on May 9, the day after VE Day in western Europe. By that day, the regiment had shot down 273 enemy aircraft and had received many citations and decorations. Stalin expressed his gratitude to the regiment by offering the unit’s Yak-3s to France, to which the pilots returned to a hero’s welcome in Paris on 20 June 1945.
Thus, the regiment became the only air combat group from a western European country (apart from the brief intervention by No. 151 Wing RAF when introducing Hawker Hurricanes to Russia) to participate in the war on the Eastern Front. Its flag bore the testimony of its battle experience with names such as Bryansk, Orel, Ielnia, Smolensk, Koenigsberg (later renamed Kaliningrad by the Soviets), and Pillau. It received the following decorations: from France, the Companion of the "Légion d'Honneur", the "Croix de la Libération", the "Médaille militaire", the "Croix de Guerre" with six "palmes"; from the USSR, it received the Order of the Red Banner and the Order of Alexander Nevsky, with eleven citations between the two orders.

</doc>
<doc id="9884169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884169" title="Anna Mae">
Anna Mae

Anna Mae may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9884176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884176" title="Jordan FA Shield">
Jordan FA Shield

The Jordan FA Shield is one of the Jordan tournaments in men's football (soccer).

</doc>
<doc id="9884192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884192" title="Royal Bengal Airline">
Royal Bengal Airline

Aviana Airways Ltd operating as Royal Bengal Airlines is a dormant airline that operated flights in Bangladesh. The carrier, headquartered in London, is wholly owned by R B Airline UK Ltd.
History.
Royal Bengal Airlines was founded by members of Britain’s Bangladeshi community with the aid of the Bengal clipper restaurant in June 2006 and officially launched to the public in November 2006. It is the first airline to be owned and run by British born Bangladeshis from the Sylhet region of Bangladesh and will operate long haul routes between the United Kingdom and Bangladesh with stopovers in the Middle East.
The airline has been founded on the basis of providing direct flights to Osmani International Airport in Sylhet from the UK. The company slogan on initial launch was "The Journey Begins Here". However, the Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh has yet to confirm that Royal Bengal Airlines (or any other airline) will be given access to this lucrative route.
By June 2007, the airline had raised GBP£5.5 million of investment from local businesses and stock brokers and had purchased two Dash 8-100 aircraft. Domestic services were expected to commence during summer 2007 with international flights from the UK expected by the end of 2007 from London Stansted, Manchester and Birmingham airports. The airline officially launched commercial operations on 31 January 2008.
Fleet.
The Royal Bengal Airlines fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 27 December 2008):
As of April 2011, the average age of the Royal Bengal Airlines fleet is 20.2 years ([http://www.airfleets.net/ageflotte/Royal%20Bengal%20Airlines.htm]).
Royal Bengal took delivery of their first aircraft, a Dash 8-100 purchased from Cirrus Airlines on 2 October 2007, the aircraft flew into Shahjalal International Airport in Dhaka.

</doc>
<doc id="9884194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884194" title="Heinkel HE 1">
Heinkel HE 1

The Heinkel HE 1 was a two seat, low-wing monoplane floatplane, designed in 1921 by German designer Ernst Heinkel at Caspar-Werke. The aircraft was initially produced under licence in Sweden for the Navy of 1921. The HE 1 was powered by a 179 kW Maybach Mb.IVa engine; one test aircraft was powered by a Siddeley Puma engine.

</doc>
<doc id="9884205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884205" title="Prince Michael (disambiguation)">
Prince Michael (disambiguation)

Prince Michael may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9884239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884239" title="WSCP-LP">
WSCP-LP

WSCP-LP is an independent low-power television station licensed to Bellefonte, Pennsylvania and targeting the State College area. WSCP-LP is owned by Pathway Community Radio Inc. The station's on-air name is Pennsylvania Channel 13, and the station's transmitter is located southwest of State College on the Pine Grove Mills Mountain.
History.
The station first began its broadcasting operations in 1990 as W13BY under the original ownership of George W. Kimble, however W13BY was first licensed as a station or had a construction permit on November 30, 1988. At first, it was an affiliate of The Box music video network, and later a translator station of Johnstown NBC affiliate WJAC-TV (Channel 6).
In 2005, the station was purchased by Pathway Community Radio, which retransmitted Pittsburgh's WPCB-TV/Cornerstone Television (via Altoona satellite WKBS) temporarily in a transition period until the station began their own programming schedule.
In 2005, the station became a Class A operation. On May 5, 2008, the station received their permanent calls of WSCP-CA. On June 25, 2010, the Federal Communications Commission change the WSCP-CA calls to DWSCP-CA possibly that the WSCP-CA broadcast lincense was going to be deleted. About two months later on August 5, 2010, the Federal Communications Commission restored DWSCP-CA call letters back to the WSCP-CA calls. On May 3, 2011, the station requested a change from class A to low-power status, and the station's call sign was changed to WSCP-LP.

</doc>
<doc id="9884243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884243" title="Texas Tech University Press">
Texas Tech University Press

Texas Tech University Press (or TTUP), founded in 1971, is the university press of Texas Tech University.

</doc>
<doc id="9884296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884296" title="2007 Dublin Senior Football Championship">
2007 Dublin Senior Football Championship

This is a round-up of all the latest in the 2007 Dublin Senior Football Championship which began April 18, 2007 when Garda took on champions UCD at Parnell Park. UCD had finished the 2006 championship by beating St Vincents in the final. St Vincents managed to better their 2006 performance by beating St Brigids in the final at Parnell Park.
Round 1.
St Sylvesters were the first team to qualify for the second round as Erins Hope failed to field a team for the game.[http://www.hill16.ie/viewstoryhill16.asp?id=8131&mainheading=Word+on+The+Hill&viewstory=yes] Defending champions UCD began their title race with a one-sided victory over Garda. St Judes beat Ballymun Kickhams convincingly and went on to the second round. Naomh Maur defeated O'Tooles sending them straight to the backdoor round and Naomh Mearnóg defeated their Fingal rivals Fingallians with Cillian O'Driscoll scoring a total of five frees for Mearnóg. Ballyboden will hope to do better than their fourth round appearance in 2006 as they cruised past Trinity Gaels. Raheny defeated Parnells despite a late NSGVDjgVZGHdxvjSDv attempt by the opposition. St Marys beat Whitehall Colmcille with a late goal by substitute Kenneth Kelly. Former Sligo forward T Brennan impressed with seven points in Lucan Sarsfields four point win over St Annes. Na Fianna had a comfortable five point win over St Marks and St Brigids crushed a lacklustre Round Towers. Kilmacud Crokes beat St Vincents by two goals in what proved to be a disappointing game between two of Dublins highest rated teams. Plunkett's forward line proved too hot to handle for a gutsy Olaf's with solid performances from Alan Brogan and Jason Sherlock. Last years Intermediate champions St Peregrines lost their first senior game to Naomh Barróg. Ballinteer St Johns cruised into the second tound with a victory over Clontarf. Thomas Davis went on to play in the backdoor round against St Vincents as they lost to Erins Isle who progress to the next stage.
Structure.
The winners of their respective first round games went on to qualify for the second round, the losers were given a second chance in a backdoor system which gave them a place in the third round when they won their backdoor tie.
Backdoor.
O'Tooles were the first team to be knocked of the Dublin Senior Football Championship and will now enter the relegation playoffs. Round Towers went on to qualify for the third round were they will meet one of the losers from the second round. Dublin AFL Division 1 champions Thomas Davis were knocked out of the Dublin championship by St Vincents who progress to the third round.
Structure.
All of the losing teams from round one face each other in the backdoor round. The losers of these backdoor games are knocked out of the championship and go on to play in the relegation playoffs. The winning teams go on to qualify for the third round which also includes the losers of the second round games.
Round 2.
The first team to go on to the fourth round were Ballyboden St Endas with an easy victory Naomh Mearnóg who join St Marks in the third round. Kilmacud Crokes sent St Sylvesters into the third round in a one sided game with a Ray Cosgrove scoring an impressive 2-03. Na Fianna sent Lucan Sarsfields into the third round with solid performances from Dublin hurlers Tomás Brady and Joey Boland. Erins Isle had a surprise one sided win over Naomh Maur which sends them into the fourth round of the Dublin Championship. Lastyears champions had a tight game against St Marys, Saggart which resulted in UCD eventually winning the game by one point. St Judes had a comfortable win over Raheny to take them on to the fourth round with a strong performance by K McMenamin. It took a late goal from David Matthews to give Plunketts a two point win over northside rivals St Brigids. Ballinteer progress despite a late comeback attempt by Naomh Barróg.
Structure.
All teams who won in the first round were drawn against each other in the second round. The winning teams from this round go on to qualify for the fourth round of the Dublin championship. The losing teams go on to play in the third round against the winners of the backdoor round.
Round Three.
Structure.
This round was restricted by a rule that did not allow two clubs who had met earlier in the championship to meet again. Therefore, there was no chance given for a repeat of a previous encounter. Round 3 consisted of 16 teams, comprising the eight losers from Round 2 plus the eight winners from the backdoor system. So, it comprised eight games and eight of the winners progressed to the fourth round. All of the losing teams from round three were eliminated from the Dublin championship but had successfully retained their senior status for 2008 competition.
Fixtures.
St Marks were the only team to qualify for the third round after only playing one game, due to the withdrawal of Erins Hope from the previous backdoor round. Trinity Gaels, Naomh Maur, Lucan Sarsfields, Naomh Mearnóg, Raheny, Naomh Barróg, St Sylvesters and Fingallians were knocked out at the third round stage. St Marks, St Marys, Saggart, Whitehall Colmcille, Round Towers, Clondalkin, Ballymun Kickhams, St Vincents, Parnells and St Brigids progressed to the fourth round.
Round Four.
Structure.
The fourth round will feature eight matches between the final sixteen teams left in the championship. The round will comprise the eight winners from round two and the eight winners from round 3. The winners of the second round were drawn against the third-round winners; they were separated by two distinct lots meaning the second-round winners were kept apart from third-round winners in the fourth-round draw. The eight winners progress to quarter-finals of the Dublin Senior Football Championship. The eight losers were knocked out of the 2007 competition, to return in the Dublin championship. The fourth round was drawn on July 30, with times and date to be decided based on Dublin's progress in the 2007 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Fixtures.
The Dublin senior football champions maintained their 2006 form by beating Round Towers of Clondalkin to set up a quarter final clash with St Brigids who beat Erins Isle by six points. 

</doc>
<doc id="9884324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884324" title="The Magnificent Seven (song)">
The Magnificent Seven (song)

"The Magnificent Seven" is a song and single by the English punk rock band The Clash. It was the third single from their fourth album "Sandinista!". It reached number 34 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song was inspired by raps by old school hip hop acts from New York City, like the Sugarhill Gang and Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five. Rap was still a new and emerging music genre at the time and the band, especially Mick Jones, was very impressed with it, so much so that Jones took to carrying a boombox around and got the nickname "Whack Attack". The song was recorded in April 1980 at Electric Lady Studios in New York City, built around a bass loop played by Norman Watt-Roy of the Blockheads. Joe Strummer wrote the words on the spot, a technique that was also used to create "Sandinista!"'s other rap track, "Lightning Strikes (Not Once But Twice)". "The Magnificent Seven" represents the first attempt by a rock band to write and perform original rap music, and one of the earliest examples of hip hop records with political and social content. It is the first major white rap record, predating the recording of Blondie's "Rapture" by six months.
Though it failed to chart in America, the song was an underground hit and received heavy play on underground and college radio. Also popular were various dance re-mixes, both official B-side, ("The Magnificent Dance"), and original DJ remixes such as WBLS's remix known as "Dirty Harry", after the film of same name, which can be found on various Clash's bootlegs, including "Clash on Broadway Disc 4: The Outtakes".
The single was reissued in 1981 with "Stop the World" as its B-side and with different sleeve art.
Lyrics.
Thematically, "The Magnificent Seven" is somewhat similar to the punkier "Career Opportunities", in that it takes the drudgery of the working life as its starting point. Unlike "Career Opportunities", however, in stream of consciousness fashion it also deals with consumerism, popular media, historical figures, and addresses these subjects with great exuberance and humor. The first verses of "The Magnificent Seven" follow a nameless worker (narrated in the second person) as he wakes up and goes to work, not for personal advancement but to buy his girlfriend consumer goods:
The nameless worker then goes off for a cheeseburger lunch-break, and the lyrics devolve into a blur of fleeting images from television, movies and advertising:
Finally, the song takes historical figures, including Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Martin Luther King, Mahatma Gandhi, Richard Nixon and Socrates, and places them in modern America, before asking sarcastically whether "Plato the Greek" or Rin Tin Tin is more famous to the masses.
An exclaimed "newsflash" near the end of the song, "Vacuum Cleaner Sucks Up Budgie!", was in fact a headline in the "News of the World" newspaper at the time of the song's mixing in England, according to Joe Strummer.
The Magnificent Dance.
"The Magnificent Dance", released on 12 April 1981 by CBS in 12-inch single format, is the dance remix of "The Magnificent Seven". The maxi single was released in the UK featuring an edited version of "The Magnificent Seven" on side-A, and in the U.S., where it was backed with the extended version of "The Cool Out". It is credited to "Pepe Unidos", a pseudonym for Strummer, Paul Simonon and manager Bernie Rhodes. "Pepe Unidos" also produced "The Cool Out", a remix of "The Call Up". This dance version "definitely capitalized on the funky groove of the original, adding in some very cool drumming."
Cover versions.
The song was played by The Max Weinberg 7 on Late Night with Conan O'Brien on its first show since the Writer's Strike. An instrumental version of the song was used with sampled vocals from Basement Jaxx's "Romeo" by 2 Many DJs to create the track "The Magnificent Romeo".

</doc>
<doc id="9884401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884401" title="Defence of Sevastopol">
Defence of Sevastopol

Defence of Sevastopol () is a 1911 historical war film about the Siege of Sevastopol during the Crimean War and one of the most important films in the history of Russian cinema. It was the first feature film made in the Russian Empire and it premiered on October 26 at the Livadia Palace of Tsar Nicolas II.

</doc>
<doc id="9884448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884448" title="Paul Torrisi">
Paul Torrisi

Paolo "Paul" Roberto Torrisi (born 25 April 1970) was one of the final four contestants on the first UK series (2005) of reality TV show "The Apprentice", in which contestants compete for a £100,000-a-year job working for British business magnate Sir Alan Sugar.
Appearances.
On "The Apprentice", Sir Alan Sugar praised Torrisi's tenacity, remarking that Torrisi was a "renegade" and saying that he reminded him of his younger self. Torrisi attributed his short temper to his Italian background, to which Sugar's assistant Margaret Mountford said: "That's no excuse for having a temper."
After his appearance on "The Apprentice", Torrisi has gone on to make appearances on "Grandstand", "BBC Breakfast", "Bargain Hunt", ITV1's "Confessions Of An Estate Agent", "T4" and "Look North". He returned to "The Apprentice" in 2006 as a guest on the spin-off show "The Apprentice: You're Fired!"
Torrisi presented "Property Prophets" on UKTV Style and UKTV Bright Ideas. He writes regularly for "Start Your Business" magazine and has made many appearances on BBC Radio discussing business and current events.

</doc>
<doc id="9884481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884481" title="Jordan Super Cup">
Jordan Super Cup

The Jordan Super Cup also known as Cup Winners Cup is one of the Jordan tournaments in men's football (soccer).

</doc>
<doc id="9884550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884550" title="Union Ferry Company of Brooklyn">
Union Ferry Company of Brooklyn

The Union Ferry Company of Brooklyn was a ferry company, operating routes across the East River between Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City, United States.
History.
The New York and Brooklyn Union Ferry Company was organized in 1839, and leased the Fulton Ferry Company and South Ferry Company. It was reorganized in 1844 as the Brooklyn Union Ferry Company, and leased the Hamilton Avenue Ferry in 1851. The creation of the Union Ferry Company of Brooklyn was authorized by the New York State Legislature on April 9, 1853, and on November 10, 1854 it was formed to replace the Brooklyn Union. It consolidated with the operating companies of four other ferries: the Roosevelt Street Ferry from the Roosevelt Ferry Company, the Gouverneur Street Ferry and Catharine Ferry from Smith & Bulkley, and the Wall Street Ferry from J. Sharp & Co.

</doc>
<doc id="9884556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884556" title="Public School 9 (historic building)">
Public School 9 (historic building)

Public School 9, originally known as Grammar School 9, then later the John Jasper School and currently the Mickey Mantle School, is a historic school building at 466 West End Avenue at West 82nd Street in the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It was built in 1894-96, and was designed by C. B. J. Snyder, the Superintendent of School Buildings.
The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1987, and was designated a New York City landmark in 2009. It is located in the Riverside-West End Historic District Extension I.
History.
The school that became P.S. 9 was originally organized by the vestry of Saint Michael's Church (Episcopal) in the early 19th century. The vestry continued to operate the school in the Bloomingdale area until a law was enacted November 19, 1824 which barred church schools from receiving public school funding. On May 22, 1826, the Public School Society of New York acquired it; and, in July 1827, the Society paid $250 for a 100x100 foot tract at 82nd Street between 10th (Amsterdam) and 11th (West End) Avenues. On July 19, 1830, the Society completed the construction of a one-story clapboard school at 466 West End Avenue for $1,500, accommodating about 50 children. The Society transferred jurisdiction of the school to the Board of Education in July 1853.
In 1889, the "New York Times" published a letter to Mayor Hugh J. Grant citing the grim condition of the P.S. 9 building:
There was no visible plaster in the entire building. The wooden staircases and wood-lined stairways were only 29 inches wide. Large stoves and stovepipes beneath the stairs and elsewhere, used for warming the building, were dangerously close to the woodwork. The so-called passages were 30 inches wide. The building was devoid of any means of escape from the rear and devoid of a fire escape. Means of egress from the front was insufficient.
The next year (1890), the Board of Education demolished the building. From 1894-96, the Board erected a modern school building on the same site equipped with electricity and ventilation, and designed by C. B. J. Snyder. Designed to blend with the neighborhood, the ecclesiastical English gothic structure was a style prevalent in schools built by Trinity Church.
On January 26, 1916, during a graduation ceremony, P.S. 9 was named after the late John Jasper. Jasper was an educator who had served at P.S. 9 as a teacher in 1857 and as its principal from 1867 to 1897. He went on to become Assistant Superintendent of Schools then, in 1898, Borough Associate Superintendent of Schools for Manhattan and the Bronx.
In 1961, David H. Moskowitz, the Deputy Superintendent for Research and Evaluation for New York City Schools, reported a high transient rate at several elementary schools, including P.S. 9, which ranged from 90 to 99% during the 1959–1960 school year.
The former P.S. 9 building is now the home of the Mickey Mantle School P.S. 811M, serving children with disabilities.<br>
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9884577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884577" title="The Article 3">
The Article 3

The Article 3 is an EP album by Me'shell Ndegeocello. It was released on November 28, 2006, on EmArcy Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9884589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884589" title="Bilston Town F.C.">
Bilston Town F.C.

Bilston Town Football Club is an English association football club based in Bilston, West Midlands. In the 2013–14 season they are playing in the West Midlands (Regional) League Premier Division following a successful appeal to the Football Association to uphold their 2012-13 promotion on appeal after initially having their promotion rejected. In 2007 the club folded but was rescued by a consortium, re-formed as Bilston Town (2007) and accepted into the West Midlands (Regional) League Division Two.
History.
The club was founded in 1894 after Bilston Rovers and Bilston Wanderers merged to form Bilston United In 1919 the club moved to Queen Street in Bilston. Between 1894 and 1939 the club was known as Bilston United and Bilston Borough and they played in various local cup competitions as well as the Walsall & District League and Birmingham Combination league. The club was disbanded in 1939 due to the outbreak of World War Two. The club reformed in 1946 simply as Bilston F.C. In 1954 the team joined the Birmingham & District League and won the championship in 1960–61 and again in 1972–73 (by which time the league had been renamed the West Midlands Regional League). In 1983 the club's name changed to Bilston Town F.C.
After finishing as West Midlands Regional League runners-up in 1984–85, the Steelmen were promoted to the Southern Football League, where they spent seventeen seasons in the Midland Division (later re-organised as the Western Division). Their best finish (3rd place) came in 2000–01, but the following season they could only finish 17th, after which they resigned for financial reasons and dropped three levels to the West Midlands League Division One.
After the 2006–07 season Bilston resigned from the West Midlands (Regional) League. In June the club's chairman issued a statement on the club's future:
Shortly after this the club's official website was shut down. The club was taken from the owners, and reformed as Bilston Town (2007) and accepted back into the West Midlands (Regional) League for the 2007–08 season, albeit in Division Two. The club finished the season in second place behind Wellington Amateurs.
In 2009 the club appointed a new board and manager, with the aim of developing the club as a force within the local community and involving youth teams and leagues across the Black Country. After some mixed results, January 2010 saw Ian Broad appointed as Manager and Adrian Knight as Coach. New players joined the squad and the team finished in mid-table. Off the field the club continued to work within the community, forging strong links with the Bilston Partnership Youth Football League, and various groups working with the probation service and a local Pupil Referral Unit. In 2011 the club started a Saturday Soccer School for local youngsters, and continued its work within the local community, hosting a number of charity events to raise money for local causes. At the end of the 2011–12 season Ian Broad left the club, and was replaced by Andy Rutter as manager.
In his first season in charge Andy Rutter led the club to runners-up in division 1 and promotion was achieved, while also achieving the clubs longest run in the FA Vase for over 10 years. The club also reached the quarter-finals of the Walsall Senior Cup, losing to Southern League team Sutton Coldfield Town after a penalty shoot-out.
Honours.
Cups.
Staffordshire Senior/Junior Cup: 5 wins
Staffordshire FA Challenge Cup: 1 win
Walsall Junior/Challenge/Senior Cup: 8 wins
Walsall Hospital Cup: 1 win
Walsall Charity Cup: 1 final
Birmingham Senior Cup
Birmingham Junior Cup: 1 win
Wednesbury Charity Cup: 4 wins
West Midlands League Premier Division League Cup: 1 win
The John Martin Trophy: 1 win
Wolverhampton Charity Cup: 4 wins
Wolverhampton Hospital Cup: 1 final
Staffordshire Junior Cup: 1 win
Bilston Charity Cup: 2 wins
Willenhall Nursing Institute Cup: 1 win
League.
Birmingham & District League/West Midlands (Regional) League
Walsall & District League
Birmingham Combination/Birmingham Junior League
Reserve team honours.
Warwickshire & West Midlands Alliance Premier Division
Walsall Senior League
Aston Villa Cup: 1 win
West Midlands League Division 1 League Cup: 1 win
FA Cup achievements.
Bilston Town have reached the FA Cup proper on two occasions, once in 1968–9 and again in 1972–73. Their FA Cup records during those two seasons are as follows:
1968-69 FA Cup
1972-73 FA Cup
Ground.
Early in the clubs history they played at Prouds Lane, using the nearby Spread Eagle pub as their changing room. They moved to Queen Street after World War One, the opening game there was against Tamworth Castle on 27 September 1919 but several years later the club went bust and the ground was sold to the local council with the proviso that it always be used as a football ground. Within a year of going bust the club reformed and returned to Queen Street and has been playing homes games there ever since. The club house dates back to the mid fifties and floodlights were first installed in 1953.
The ground, as it exists today, can hold 4000 spectators, with 300 of them seated. Vehicles can be parked within the ground itself.
In April 2006 the BBC reported that the club's Queen Street ground had been vandalised over 120 times in six years. In 2007 council officials ruled that the ground was unsafe, forcing the club to move out and play their matches in Bantock Park, a public recreation ground.
In May 2008 Wolverhampton City Council announced plans to redevelop the football ground with a new hotel, restaurants and shops, allowing a complete overhaul of the pitch and terraces. Work on the terraces, clubhouse and dressing rooms was completed in August 2008.
Over the years Queen Street has hosted many local and youth competition finals including the JW Hunt Cup final on a few occasions. It has also been the home of Bustleholme FC who ground shared with Bilston for several years. Wolverhampton Wanderers Reserves and Wolverhampton Wanderers women have both used the ground as a home base too.

</doc>
<doc id="9884592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884592" title="Suspended load">
Suspended load

Suspended load is the portion of the sediment that is carried by a fluid flow which settle slowly enough such that it almost never touches the bed. It is maintained in suspension by the turbulence in the flowing water and consists of particles generally of the fine sand, silt and clay size. 
Composition.
The boundary between bed load and suspended load is not straightforward because whether a particle is in suspension or not depends on the flow velocity – it is easy to imagine a particle moving between bed load, part-suspension and full suspension in a fluid with variable flow. Suspended load generally consists of fine sand, silt and clay size particles although larger particles (more coarse sands) may be carried in the lower water column in more intense flows - further blurring the line between bed load and suspended load.
Velocity.
Suspended load is carried within the lower to middle part of the water column and moves at a large fraction of the mean flow velocity of the stream, with a Rouse number between 0.8 and 1.2.
References.
USGS CMG InfoBank: Suspended and Dissolved Loads

</doc>
<doc id="9884615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884615" title="Dendrite (adhesive)">
Dendrite (adhesive)

Dendrite is a contact adhesive and rubber cement brand marketed in India and South Asia, mainly in Eastern India, Bangladesh and Bhutan.
Product and marketing.
The adhesive is marketed in glue sticks, glue tubes and in cans. Dendrite holds only a small portion of the adhesive market in India, which is dominated by Fevicol, who hold over 60% of the market share.
Its marketing logo is "Bonding our world together".
Production Company.
Dendrite is produced by the "Chandras' Chemical Factory" (founded in 1973) under the umbrella of the P. C. Chandra Group. The chemical unit manufactures homopolymer and copolymer emulsions, including Dendrite.
Substance Abuse.
Dendrite is probably best known due to it being regularly used for substance abuse as an inhalant - since Dendrite contains addictive volatile solvents. It is rated to be the most common form of substance abuse in Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="9884616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884616" title="Fotovision">
Fotovision

Fotovision is a West Coast non-profit founded in 2003 by a group of prominent photojournalists, media professionals and educators from top US photojournalism programs. Based in the San Francisco Bay Area, the organization's 1,000+ members run the spectrum from amateur photographers to professionals who have received such awards as the Pulitzer Prize and the World Press Photo Award.
Mission.
The primary mission of Fotovision is to support photographers in creating, editing, funding and distributing a body of work. To accomplish this, Fotovision works with an international network of photographers, editors, printers, publishers and arts administrators to offer workshops for photographers of all skill levels. As of 2010 Fotovision and its assets were donated to UC Berkeley where the University will continue an annual artist talk in its name.
Workshops.
Fotovision provides a range of one day, weekend immersion and 5-week courses. Classes have been offered in areas such as 
digital documentary, studio lighting, book publication, multimedia for documentary photographers, long-term documentary project and marketing. Past workshop leaders have included Sebastião Salgado, Antonin Kratochvil, James Natchwey, Lauren Greenfield, Ken Light, Joel Meyerowitz, Kim Komenich, Alan Rapp, Erika Gentry, Alex Webb and Rebecca Norris Webb.
Events and exhibitions.
In collaboration with the University of California, Berkeley's School of Journalism, Fotovision hosts a variety of events such as lectures by noted photographers, film screenings and book signings. In addition, Fotovision has exhibited members work in photo shows such as Aperture PhotoSF. Fotovision's main communication tool is an extensive mailing list, through which members can receive photo event updates, equipment discounts and opportunities to purchase or win limited edition signed books.
Partners.
Fotovision partners include Aperture Foundation (publisher of Aperture Magazine), Photo of the Year International (POYi), Fastback Creative Books and Workshop Asia, Digital Vision Network.
Sponsors.
Fotovision is sponsored by Looking Glass Photo, Orange Exposure and Pictopia.

</doc>
<doc id="9884628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884628" title="Rich Peverley">
Rich Peverley

Rich Peverley (born July 8, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player with the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League. Peverley spent four years with the St. Lawrence University hockey team, before he turned professional, and played three years for several teams in both the ECHL and American Hockey League (AHL). In 2007 he signed a contract with the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL), playing for the team for parts of three seasons before the Atlanta Thrashers claimed him off waivers in 2009. Peverley first played internationally for Canada at the 2010 World Championships.
Playing career.
Peverley grew up in Guelph, Ontario playing most of his minor hockey for the Guelph Reps (now Jr. Storm) of the OMHA South Central AAA League. In his Midget year, he played one season with the Toronto Young Nats of the MTHL before moving back to his home area to play for the Kitchener Dutchmen Jr.B. club of the OHA Midwestern league. 
After his Jr.B. season with the Dutchmen, Peverley was selected by Don Cherry and the Mississauga Ice Dogs in the 6th round (124th overall) of the 1999 OHL Draft. Peverley chose to maintain his NCAA eligibility and signed for the 1999-2000 season with the Milton Merchants of the OHA's Provincial Jr.A. League. He accepted an NCAA scholarship at the end of that season.
Prior to beginning his professional career, Peverley played collegiate hockey for the St. Lawrence University Skating Saints where he led the Skating Saints in points in three of his four seasons. Undrafted, Peverley made his professional debut in the 2004–05 season in the ECHL with the South Carolina Stingrays before playing a solitary game with the Portland Pirates in the AHL.
After leading the Milwaukee Admirals in points midway in the 2006–07 season, his second season with the Admirals, Peverley was signed by parent club the Nashville Predators on January 17, 2007, appearing in 13 NHL games by seasons end. Peverley spilt the 2007–08 season with the Predators and the Admirals appearing in all six games for the Predators in the playoffs against eventual Stanley Cup winning champions the Detroit Red Wings.
On January 10, 2009, Peverley was claimed off waivers by the Atlanta Thrashers after accumulating 9 points in 27 games. The switch to Atlanta had rejuvenated his career as he collected 35 points in 39 games for the remainder of the 2008–09 season and earning a two- year, $2.6 million contract with the Thrashers in the process.
On February 18, 2011, Peverley was traded by the Thrashers, along with Boris Valabik, to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Blake Wheeler and Mark Stuart. He won the Stanley Cup with the Boston Bruins on June 15, 2011.
As a result of the 2012 NHL lockout, Peverley signed a contract with JYP Jyväskylä of the SM-liiga.
On July 4, 2013 a trade took place between the Dallas Stars and Boston Bruins sending Loui Eriksson to Boston and Tyler Seguin to Dallas in a seven-player deal. The Bruins traded Peverley, Seguin, and Ryan Button in exchange for Eriksson, Joe Morrow, Reilly Smith, and Matt Fraser.
Heart issues and collapse.
In September 2013, before the start of the Stars 2013-14 training camp, Peverley underwent a surgical procedure to help with an irregular heartbeat. He missed 3 weeks but was ready for the start of the regular season.
On March 10, 2014, Peverley collapsed on the team bench during a game against the Columbus Blue Jackets. He was able to be resuscitated by the Dallas medical staff.
The Stars gave more updates on Peverley's condition and confirmed that the collapse was the result of a cardiac issue. The NHL released the following statement later that night: "Dallas player Rich Peverley is doing well and is in stable condition. He was transported to the hospital. As a result of the emotional state of the players on both teams caused by the medical emergency, the game will be played at a later date." 
On March 12, 2014, the Dallas Stars announced that Rich Peverley would miss the remainder of the 2013-14 NHL season.
On March 19, 2014, Peverley underwent a successful heart surgery after his collapse just over a week before. The surgery was aimed at correcting an irregular heartbeat. According to Stars GM Jim Nill, "no decision" has been made regarding Peverley's return to hockey in the future.
The makeup game between the Stars and the Blue Jackets was played in Dallas on April 9, 2014. The entire 60 minutes of the game was played, but the Blue Jackets had a 1-0 lead when the makeup game started, as a goal was credited to Nathan Horton, who did not dress for the makeup game due to injury. The Blue Jackets won that game by a final score of 3-1 to clinch the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference and advance to the Stanley Cup Playoffs for just the second time in their history.
International play.
Peverley made his international debut in 2010, when he was named to the Canadian national team for the 2010 World Championship. He played all seven games for Canada, who finished seventh, and had one goal and three assists; his one goal was scored in a game against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="9884712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884712" title="Robert Reguly">
Robert Reguly

Robert Joseph Reguly (19 January 1931 – 24 February 2011) was a three-time National Newspaper Award-winning journalist.
Robert Reguly was born in Fort William, Ontario. He was one of Canada's top news reporters in the 1950s and 1960s. He was at the forefront of the mid-20th century news war between the "Toronto Telegram" and the "Toronto Star".
Reguly won a National Newspaper Award in 1966 for tracking down and interviewing Gerda Munsinger, a German woman at the center of a Canadian political scandal.
In 1977, he left the "Star" to join the staff of the "Toronto Sun", where he specialized in investigative pieces on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. In 1981, he left the "Sun" and became a spokesperson for the Ontario Ministry of the Environment. After his retirement, he became a successful freelance writer, writing mainly for outdoors magazines. In 2001, he was nominated for a Canadian National Magazine Award for an article in "Outdoor Canada" magazine. His son, Eric Reguly, writes for the "The Globe and Mail".
Reguly contracted heart disease in his last years. He died at his Toronto residence on 24 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9884741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884741" title="Up in Smoke (album)">
Up in Smoke (album)

Up in Smoke is an album by Indo G and Lil' Blunt released in 1995. Cheech and Chong also produced a movie soundtrack called Up in Smoke.

</doc>
<doc id="9884774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884774" title="St Michael, Cornhill">
St Michael, Cornhill

St Michael, Cornhill, is a medieval parish church in the City of London with pre-Norman Conquest parochial foundation. The medieval structure was lost in the Great Fire of London, and replaced by the present building, traditionally attributed to Sir Christopher Wren. The upper parts of the tower are by Nicholas Hawksmoor. The church was embellished by Sir George Gilbert Scott and Herbert Williams in the nineteenth century.
Early history.
The church of St Michael was in existence by 1133. The patronage was in the possession of the Abbot and convent of Evesham until 1503, when it was settled on the Drapers Company. A new tower was built in 1421, possibly after a fire. John Stow described the church as "fair and beautiful, but since the surrender of their lands to Edward VI, greatly blemished by the building of four tenements on the north side thereof, in the place of a green church-yard". On the south side of the church was a churchyard with what Stow calls a "proper cloister", with lodgings for choristers, and a pulpit cross, at which sermons were preached. These were maintained by Sir John Rudstone, after whose death in 1530 the choir was dissolved and the cross fell into decay.
Rebuilding after the Great Fire.
The medieval church, except for the tower, was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666, and the present building was begun in 1672. The design is traditionally attributed to Sir Christopher Wren. However, the authors of the "Buildings of England" guide to the City churches believe Wren's office had no involvement with the rebuilding of the body of the church, the parish having dealt directly with the builders. The new church was 83 feet long and 67 feet wide, divided into nave and aisles by Doric columns, with a groined ceiling. There was an organ at the west end, and a reredos with paintings of Moses and Aaron at the east. The walls, George Godwin noted, did not form right-angles, indicating the re-use of the medieval foundations.
The fifteenth-century tower, having proved unstable, was demolished in the early eighteenth century. A 130-foot high replacement was completed in 1721. In contrast to the main body of the church, it was built in a Gothic style, in imitation of that of Magdalene College, Cambridge. Construction had began in 1715, with money from the coal fund. The designer was of the lower stages was probably William Dickinson, working in Christopher Wren's office. Funds proved inadequate, and work stopped in 1717. The tower was eventually completed with the aid of a grant from the Commission for Building Fifty New Churches, the upper stages being to the designs of its surveyor, Nicholas Hawksmoor.
Victorian alterations.
In the late 1850s, the Drapers Company, motivated by legislation that would have forced them to hand certain funds over to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners if they were not spent on St Michael’s, decided to fund a lavish scheme of embellishment, and asked George Gilbert Scott to carry out the work.
Scott added an elaborate Gothic porch (1858–1860) facing Cornhill. It is decorated with carving by John Birnie Philip, which includes a high-relief tympanum sculpture depicting "St Michael disputing with Satan". Scott inserted Gothic tracery to the circular clerestory windows, and into the plain round-headed windows on the south side of the church. New side windows were created in the chancel, and an elaborate stone reredos, incorporating the paintings of Moses and Aaron from its predecessor, was constructed in an Italian Gothic style. A contemporary account of the work explained that this was appropriate since “the classical feeling which pervades the Italian school of Gothic art enabled the architect to bring the classical features of the building into harmony with the Gothic treatment which our present sympathies demand“. The chancel walls were lined with panels of coloured marble. up to the level of the top of the reredos columns, and richly painted above this point.
Stained glass by Clayton and Bell was installed, with a representation of Christ in Glory in the large circular east window. Its splays were enriched with inlaid and carved marble, with four heads in high relief enclosed in medallions. The other windows contained a series of stained glass images illustrating the life of Christ, with the crucifixion at the west end.
A further campaign of medievalising decoration was carried out in the late 1860s by Herbert Williams, who had worked with Scott on the earlier scheme. Williams built a three bay cloister-like passage, with plaster vaults, on the south side of the building, and in the body of the church added richly painted decoration to Wren's columns and capitals. The reredos was enriched with inlaid marble, and the chancel was given new white marble steps and a mosaic floor of Minton’s tesserae and tiles. In what the "Building News" described as a "startling novelty" a circular opening was cut in the vault of each aisle bay and filled with stained glass, and skylights installed above.
Few original furnishings were retained in its Victorian re-imagining, but the 1672 font given by James Paul survived, although a new balustrade was added.
Recent history.
The church escaped serious damage in the Second World War and was designated a Grade I listed building on 4 January 1950. In 1960 the Victorian polychrome paintwork was replaced with a more restrained colour scheme of blue, gold and white.
A new ring of twelve bells, cast by Taylors of Loughborough, was installed in the tower in April 2011.
The church has one of the oldest sets of churchwarden's records in the City of London, which are now kept in the Guildhall Library.
Rectors.
The position of Rector is vacant. The Parish Clerk is Rupert Meacher. The PCC includes Alderman Sir David Howard (formerly Lord Mayor of London). The Patrons of the living are (and have been since 1503) the Worshipful Company of Drapers.
Organ.
The organ, which includes historic pipework by Renatus Harris, Green, Robson, Bryceson, Hill and Rushworth and Dreaper, and was in 2010 restored by Nicholson & Co (Worcester) Ltd, has been awarded a Historic Organ Certificate of Recognition by the British Institute of Organ Studies. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="9884788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884788" title="Waterhen Lake First Nation">
Waterhen Lake First Nation

Waterhen Lake First Nation () is a Cree First Nations band government located in northwestern Saskatchewan. As of September 2012 the total membership of the Waterhen Lake First Nation was 1896. There were 953 members living on reserve and 942 members living off reserve. The First Nation is a member of the MLTC Program Services, a regional tribal Chiefs' Council. The First Nation is also a signatory to the Adhesion to Treaty 6.
Governance.
The current elected leadership of the community consists of Chief Carol Bernard and six Councillors:
Ableheza Ernest, Brenda Fiddler, Ernie Fiddler, Dennis Martell (of the teddy bob mogee band), Jean Laliberte and Fred Fiddler. Their current elected term expires on December 22, 2012. To assist the elected officials in their duties, the current Band Manager is Judy Fiddler.
Indian reserves.
The Waterhen Lake First Nation's reserve is the 7972.2 ha Waterhen Indian Reserve No. 130, located 39 km north of Meadow Lake, Saskatchewan and east of the Meadow Lake Provincial Park in northwest Saskatchewan.
Services.
With a population of approximately 1896 members, the Waterhen Lake First Nation serves its band members in the form of capital projects, health and social programming and cultural activities.

</doc>
<doc id="9884813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884813" title="Second Labour Government of New Zealand">
Second Labour Government of New Zealand

The Second Labour Government of New Zealand was the government of New Zealand from 1957 to 1960. It was most notable for raising taxes on alcohol, cigarettes and petrol, a move which was probably responsible for the government lasting for only one term.
Formation.
The main issue at the 1957 election was the introduction of PAYE income tax. Both parties had promised rebates at the change-over between the old and new systems, and Labour won favour by proposing a simple £100 rebate per taxpayer. National denounced this as a bribe, but it seems to have been popular. Another issue was that of compulsory military training. This had been introduced as a Cold War measure, but Labour now argued it was unnecessary. Labour was led by Walter Nash, who had been Finance Minister of the first Labour government. He faced National leader Keith Holyoake, who had recently taken over the Prime Ministership from Sidney Holland and had not yet settled into his role. Labour won 48.3% of the popular vote, 4% more than National, but only two more seats.
Defeat.
Labour's biggest problem in the 1960 election was the 'Black Budget' of 1958. This negated the popularity of the tax rebate; cartoonists depicted Nash handing out money and Finance Minister Arnold Nordmeyer taking it back. In addition, Nash seemed old and out of touch compared to the much younger Holyoake, who had by this time acquired the leadership skills which would see him become one of New Zealand's longest-serving Prime Ministers. Although National's lead over Labour in the popular vote was the same as Labour's lead over National in 1957, it was distributed in such a way that National had a majority of 12, compared to Labour's majority of two in 1957. This was and would continue to be a perennial problem for Labour under First Past the Post - its voters tended to be concentrated in a few electorates, whereas National's were more spread out, enabling National to consistently take a disproportionate number of seats.
Prime ministers.
Walter Nash was Prime Minister for the full term of this government, from 12 December 1957 to 12 December 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="9884817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884817" title="United Jewish Appeal">
United Jewish Appeal

The United Jewish Appeal (UJA) was a Jewish philanthropic umbrella organization that existed from its creation in 1939 until it was folded into the United Jewish Communities, which was formed from the 1999 merger of United Jewish Appeal (UJA), Council of Jewish Federations and United Israel Appeal, Inc.
In January 1939, the United Jewish Appeal for Refugees and Overseas Needs was established, combining the efforts of American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, led by Rabbi Jonah Wise; the United Palestine Appeal, led by Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver; and the National Coordinating Committee Fund led by William Rosenwald. The three founders emphasized that the funds needed to support Jews in Europe and Palestine would be triple to quadruple the amount raised in the previous year. While the organizations would raise funds together, the Joint Distribution Committee would assist Jews in Europe, the United Palestine Appeal would aid the Jewish community in Palestine, including refugees from Europe arriving there and the National Coordinating Committee Fund would assist refugees arriving in the United States.
In 1999, the UJA merged with the Council of Jewish Federations and United Israel Appeal, Inc. to form a combined entity that would be called the United Jewish Communities. While the organizations had been raising more than $1 billion annually, they had faced concerns that the individual organizations were not as relevant as during the Holocaust and the creation of the State of Israel, with many major donors seeking to direct their philanthropy through their own foundations rather than through the umbrella organizations. The balance of power would shift to the federations, which would select about two-thirds of the 120 members on the board of trustees of the new organization. Businessman and philanthropist Charles Bronfman was chosen as the volunteer chairman of the combined entity, responsible for planning the group's strategic direction.
Cultural Allusions.
In the Woody Allen film "Bananas", the dictatorial president of the fictional country of San Marcos accidentally calls upon the UJA, instead of the CIA, to help prevent a coup. The result is that as fighting swirls in the streets around him, at least one rabbi can be seen soliciting donations from combat troops.

</doc>
<doc id="9884854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884854" title="Joey Boland">
Joey Boland

Joey Boland is a Hurling player for Dublin, and Na Fianna.
County Hurling.
He made his debut on the senior hurling team in the league for Dublin in 2007 during the opening game against Wexford. Previously, Joey played for the U21 team. In 2010, Joey Boland was named as the Friends of Dublin Hurling senior hurler of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="9884873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884873" title="Henry M. Brinckerhoff">
Henry M. Brinckerhoff

Henry M. Brinckerhoff (1868-1949) was a pioneering highway engineer who in 1906 partnered with William Barclay Parsons to found what would eventually be known as Parsons Brinckerhoff, one of the largest transportation, planning and engineering companies in the United States. Brinckerhoff specialized in electric railways and he is best known for his co-invention of the third rail, which revolutionized rapid transit. He subsequently played a key role in the planning and development of transit systems of Chicago, Detroit, Cleveland and Cincinnati. Brinckerhoff also designed the network of roads at the 1939 New York World's Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="9884909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884909" title="Art in Perpetuity Trust">
Art in Perpetuity Trust

Art in Perpetuity Trust, also known as APT, is a London-based charity focusing on developing visual arts. It comprises 37 studios for visual artists and a gallery in Deptford.
History.
APT was founded in 1995, at Harold Works, Creekside, Deptford. Harold Works was put on the market in the early 90s and in due course a group of artists from the "Greenwich Artists Studio Association" (GASA) negotiated a sale. An agreement was made with their newly established charity, "Art in Perpetuity Trust", to takeout a lease with an option to buy the freehold. So in 1995, the artists took over and began converting the warehouse and building into studios.
The conversion of Harold Works was accomplished over three to four months, mainly by a small number of APT artists. Thirty seven studios and a gallery space were created and APT artists began to move in from May to August 1995. The option to purchase Harold Wharf was exercised by APT in 1999. 
Gallery.
APT's complex houses a modest, double room gallery which is available to hire and runs frequent shows. Exhibition proposals are considered by the APT Gallery committee.
Future.
APT is currently in the process of seeking funds for a development of seven new studios for which planning permission was granted in 2005.
APT's Studio & Visual Arts Development Programme is looking to the next ten years and incorporates plans to improve the studios, increase access and facilities for people with disabilities, residency and fellowship programmes, and active links and support work with similar organizations locally, nationally and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="9884933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884933" title="Labo Airport">
Labo Airport

Labo Airport (Filipino: "Paliparan ng Labo", Cebuano: "Tugpahanan sa Labo") , also known as Ozamiz City Airport and Benigno S. Aquino, Jr. Airport is an airport serving the general areas of Ozamiz City located in the province of Misamis Occidental in the Philippines. It is the only airport in the province of Misamis Occidental. The airport is classified as a community airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
The airport takes its name from its location, Barangay Labo in Ozamiz.
Ozamiz-Labo Airport also serves the cities of Oroquieta and Tangub, some municipalities of Zamboanga del Sur, Lanao del Norte and some parts of Lanao del Sur.
History.
It was known as Misamis Airfield during the Pre-World War II and Post-World War II until the municipality become a cityhood status in 1948 and was change of what is now Ozamiz Airport. Philippine Airlines, the first airline to operate the airport, serves regular air service to this airport using the McDonnell Douglas DC-3 from Manila. In 80's-90's, Philippine Airlines was using their Fokker 50 and Sunriser planes to Manila and Cebu until the closure of the airport.
The airport was closed in 1998 after Philippine Airlines (PAL) stopped the operation of their smaller Fokker and Sunriser planes because its runway could not accommodate jetliners and wide-bodied aircraft. PAL was affected by financial crisis and labor disputes during that period.
On July 11, 2007, Ozamiz Airport was re-opened to the public with the former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and the Provincial and City Officials joined the ceremonial event. Air Philippines(now Airphil Express) was the first airline to land using Boeing 737-200 also the first jet plane to land during the opening of the airport. With the opening of the airport, this would expect the increase of passenger volume due to its strategically located and boost the economic and tourism of the Ozamiz City, Misamis Occidental and neighboring towns and provinces.
On November 10, 2008, Cebu Pacific Air launched its Ozamiz-Cebu & v.v. using the brand-new ATR 72-500. With the entrance of Cebu Pacific Air in Ozamiz, this would give to the passengers to be easily access and more choices to choose from Cebu. PAL Express, a subsidiary of PAL and Air Philippines, was the competitor of Cebu Pacific Air to/from Cebu.
On June 16, 2009, after the expansion and widening of the runway and passed the runway jet requirement, the Airbus A319 successfully smooth landed at the airport by Cebu Pacific Air in the morning and the comeback Philippine Airlines at noon. That day was the memorable event of the airport that officially, it is now capable for Airbus A320 family jet.
On March 25, 2012, Philippine Airlines stopped their operations to/from Ozamiz as PR163 and PR164 and retake-over again to Airphil Express(resumes operation to/from Manila last August 2011 using A320). Last Summer 2012, Ozamiz Airport officially known as an Airbus Airport since Cebu Pacific Air and Airphil Express are both using Airbus A319 and Airbus A320 to and from Manila and Cebu. That was also the time when Cebu Pacific Air added its 2nd flight to/from Manila in the late afternoon flight until July 2012.
Currently, Ozamiz-Labo Airport is serving Manila and Cebu routes using A320, A319, Q400 and ATR 72-500 by Philippine Airlines operated by PAL Express(former Airphil Express) and Cebu Pacific Air daily.
Rehabilitation and Expansion.
Extension and expansion of the airport runway started in 2005 using congressional funds of Misamis Occidental District 2 Congresswoman Herminia Ramiro. It was reopened to commercial flights on July 8, 2007 with Air Philippines offering direct Ozamiz-Manila v.v. routes. The airport is expected to have a bigger budget from the national government in the coming months because of its strategic location, increasing volume of passengers and cargoes.
Expansion and development of the airport particularly its runway, tarmac and passenger terminal building continued again in the 1st quarter of 2008. Come July 2009, implementation of the asphalt overlay will begin for the entire 1.9 kilometer runway, apron and taxiway. This includes the setting up of runway lights to accommodate night flight operations.
Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines(CAAP) announced that 14 provincial airports in the Philippines will have to install night capable landing so that the airplanes can land safely at night and to ease the congestion problem of Ninoy Aquino International Airport, the main airport in the Philippines. Ozamiz Airport is included in the project. Soon, Ozamiz Airport will capable for night landing flights.

</doc>
<doc id="9884962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884962" title="American Safety and Health Institute">
American Safety and Health Institute

The American Safety and Health Institute is an association of health and safety educators that provides certification in CPR, First Aid, and other basic topics for laypersons and professionals. Certification by the ASHI is generally accepted as valid and equivalent to similar certification given by the American Red Cross or American Heart Association in CPR and First Aid.
The association is headquartered in Holiday, Florida, and consists of more than 20,000 professional safety and health education members. Founded in 1996 as a partnership of safety and health instructors, ASHI has developed to include more than 8,000 Training Centers across the United States and in several foreign countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9884975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884975" title="From Here to Eternity (TV series)">
From Here to Eternity (TV series)

From Here to Eternity was short-lived dramatic television series that aired in 1980. It was a spinoff of the successful 1979 miniseries of the same title. The series featured most of the cast members from the original miniseries, including William Devane and Kim Basinger. Barbara Hershey replaced Natalie Wood for the role of Karen Holmes.

</doc>
<doc id="9884977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884977" title="The Mysterious Benedict Society">
The Mysterious Benedict Society

The Mysterious Benedict Society is a novel written by Trenton Lee Stewart and illustrated by Carson Ellis, first published in 2007. It tells the story of four gifted children, Reynie Muldoon, Sticky Washington, Kate Wetherall, and Constance Contraire, as they are formed into the "Mysterious Benedict Society" and are sent to investigate a facility called L.I.V.E. (the Learning Institute for the Very Enlightened), run by the brilliant but evil Ledroptha Curtain.
Plot summary.
Reynie Muldoon is an orphan at the Stonetown Orphanage, an exceptionally smart child tutored by a kind woman named Miss Perumal. He reads a mysterious advertisement in the newspaper calling children who have extraordinary talent to take a test that is being hosted nearby. At the facility, he takes two rounds of testing, and is the only one in the room each time to pass - which he does easily by reading between the lines and figuring out the puzzles involved as well as refusing an offer to cheat. Invited to go to another facility to continue testing, he meets George "Sticky" Washington, a timid boy with an extraordinary gift for memory which he used to pass the tests. During the final two physical tests, he meets Kate Weatherall, an athletic and resourceful girl with a large bucket of objects, and Constance Contraire, a diminutive girl with a very defiant personality and a gift for wit, especially considering her minuscule size. All four children are also revealed to either have no parents or (in the case of Sticky) to have been estranged from them.
All four children pass the tests and meet Mr. Benedict, the leader of the organization that led the tests. He then shows them a television, playing news about a looming Emergency that is plaguing the country at large, and uses a device to reveal a secret signal that is being broadcast with the TV transmission, the voice of a young girl giving cryptic messages. He tells them that these signals are coming from the Learning Institute for the Very Enlightened (L.I.V.E.), a mysterious organization nearby that also attracts young gifted children, and they have been transmitting for the past few years. Believing that these transmissions were causing the illusion of the Emergency and wanting evidence for his findings, he had administered these tests to organize a group of children to infiltrate the Institute, which the four children leave to do the next day.
The four children quickly discover the Institute to be a cryptic organization that relies on illusions, such as the lack of rules. Much of the curriculum taught is cryptic and nonsensical - including the cryptic messages in the secret signals - and relies on memorization. They also discover a hierarchy of Executives, older students who run the Institute, and Messengers, slightly younger students with special privileges, "special recruit" students who were kidnapped but do not remember it, and Helpers, somber adults who mindlessly work at the Institute. In addition, they discover the institute to be run by Ledroptha Curtain, Mr. Benedict's long lost identical twin. All of this information is transmitted back via Morse Code to Mr. Benedict through his agents Rhonda, Number Two, and Milligan who are stationed in a forest across the sea from the Institute, watching with a telescope.
Through espionage, they discover that Curtain exerts much of his power through devices that interface directly with the brain. Helpers are "brainswept" (given total amnesia) and the "special recruits" and former Messengers are given lacular amnesia in order to forget their kidnappings or Messenger privileges, respectively. They also learn that a device called the Whisperer is transmitting the signals, and also see that Curtain is increasing the power of the thought transmissions it emits so that it no longer has to rely on other signals. They discover that Mr. Curtain's plan is to soothe the fear created by the Emergency, by using his Whisperer. In addition, Constance begins to hear the voices of individual Messengers during transmission. In order to gain the evidence they need, the children decide that at least two of them must become Messengers, and start to cheat in classes in order to gain the traction they need. Reynie and Sticky eventually become Messengers, which allows them each bi-weekly sessions with the Whisperer. These sessions are where the messages are transmitted, and they are also very euphoric to the Messengers involved.
However, eventually both of them are caught cheating and finding evidence and are sentenced to brainsweeping. With Mr. Curtain nearing total domination and the children in imminent danger, Milligan, who was captured, escapes and finds Kate being harmed by Jackson and Jillson. He then alerts Mr. Benedict, who comes with his agents to the Institute. While Constance was making the brainsweeping slower by being stubborn, Reynie figured out that by making Mr. Curtain angry he could make him fall asleep due to his condition called narcolepsy which is triggered by strong emotions. Reynie began taunting Mr. Curtain and combined with other tactics by the children to increase his anger, causes him to fall asleep. Soon, Mr. Benedict arrives and destroys the Whisperer by taking control of it, stopping the signals and Mr. Curtain's empire.
In the end, Ms. Perumal adopts Reynie, Kate finds her long lost father who is Milligan, Sticky's parents finally find him, and Constance is adopted by Mr. Benedict (who also adopted Number Two and Rhonda.) The story ends with a snowball match between Rhonda, Sticky and Constance against Reynie and Kate.
Awards.
The Mysterious Benedict Society was a New York Times bestseller and won the Booklist Editors' Choice: Books for Youth award in 2007, the Notable Children's Books award in 2008, and the Texas Lone Star Books award.
Sequels.
Two sequels (the second and third books in the series) were published in 2008 and 2009: "The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey" and "The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma".
A prequel, "The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict", was released on April 10, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9884987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884987" title="The Antidote (Indo G and Lil' Blunt album)">
The Antidote (Indo G and Lil' Blunt album)

The Antidote is a 1995 album by Indo G and Lil' Blunt.

</doc>
<doc id="9884988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884988" title="Golden Bear (ship)">
Golden Bear (ship)

The TS "Golden Bear" is the training ship of the California Maritime Academy (CMA), a campus of the California State University. The first training ship of the California Maritime Academy was known as the Training Ship "California State", then as the T.S. "Golden State". Since then, there have been three ships to bear the name T.S. "Golden Bear".
The current Training Ship "Golden Bear" was transferred to the United States Maritime Administration (MARAD) from the US Navy in 1994. She was converted for use by the CMA and transferred there in 1996.
TS "Golden State".
The first training ship of the California Maritime Academy was the T.S. "Golden State". Originally planned to be named the SS "Lake Fellowship", after construction, the ship was launched on October 19, 1919. After completion, she was commissioned in November 1920 as the SS "Henry County". In the mid-1920s, the SS "Henry County" was placed out of service in the James River Reserve Fleet.
The Navy purchased the ship in 1930 and transferred it to the then-named California Nautical School. Commissioned as the C.T.S. "California State" on January 23, 1931, the cadets who lived aboard quickly gave her the nickname "Iron Mother." In December 1941, the ship was renamed the T.S. "Golden State". She sailed on 12 major ocean cruises, including one around the world in 1933. She was also in service when the California Nautical School became the California Maritime Academy.
After being decommissioned on August 12, 1946, she was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet in Suisun Bay, California. In 1948, she was sold into private trade, and was operated under various names including "Isle of Patmos" and "Santa Rosa" until she was scrapped in Brazil in August 1962.
First TS "Golden Bear".
On September 25, 1944, the keel was laid for the , the twelfth of the , at the Walsh-Kaiser Company Shipyard in Providence, Rhode Island. She was hull #1893. After construction, she was launched on December 11, 1944, and commissioned as the USS "Mellena" (AKA-32) on January 10, 1945.
After serving the Navy in the Western Pacific during World War II, she was decommissioned on June 11, 1946, at Mare Island Naval Shipyard. Immediately after her decommissioning, she was transferred to the CMA and commissioned as the Training Ship "Golden Bear" on September 7, 1946.
After serving as the T.S. "Golden Bear", and sailing on 24 major ocean cruises, the first "Golden Bear" was decommissioned on May 14, 1971, and then sold for scrap.
Second TS "Golden Bear".
Originally named the SS "Delorleans", the ship was contracted on December 16, 1938, by Maritime Commission as a Type C3 ship hull #49. The keel was laid May 8, 1939, by the Bethlehem Steel Company, Sparrows Point Maryland, where she was launched on February 17, 1940, and delivered to Delta Lines on August 23, 1940.
This was the third of a series of six ships designed by the Mississippi Shipping Company, as a modification of the standard C3 design, to carry both passengers and cargo between New Orleans and Buenos Aires on the so-called "Coffee Run". Twenty six staterooms accommodated 67 passengers on the shelter deck.
The US Government requisitioned the SS "Delorleans" on June 3, 1941. The Navy assumed control on June 9, 1941, and stripped the ship to prepare her for war duty, and she was commissioned on October 10, 1941, as the USS "Crescent City". After involvement in almost all the major campaigns in the Western Pacific during WWII, the USS "Crescent City" was redesignated as APA-21 in 1943. Before being decommissioned in San Francisco on April 30, 1948, she earned a Navy Unit Commendation and 10 battle stars for her service in WWII.
The ship was transferred to CMA in May 1971, for conversion to a training ship. She was commissioned in June 1971 as the T.S. "Golden Bear", then sailed on 28 major ocean cruises, over 24 years. The "Golden Bear II" was decommissioned in 1995 and placed in the reserve fleet.
In 1999, the City of Oakland, California purchased the ship and renamed it "Art Ship" as part of a failed art colony project. She was sold for scrap in 2004, but dismantling was halted because of high PCB levels and because she was considered too historic. Thereafter, she was privately owned and plans were put in place to convert her into a luxury hotel and museum. She had been laid up at Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, California since 2004 pending these plans.
On November 7, 2011, she was publicly auctioned and sold to Esco Marine, Inc. Recommissioned as the "SS Pacific Star," she departed Mare Island for scrapping at Brownsville, Texas on January 15, 2012.
Third TS "Golden Bear".
On July 29, 1986, the keel was laid for hull #4667, ordered under a MARAD contract for the Navy, at Bethlehem Steel in Sparrows Point, Maryland. After launching on September 4, 1987, she was delivered to the Navy on March 31, 1989, and entered service as the USNS "Maury" (T-AGS-39). At the time, the USNS "Maury" was the fastest and largest oceanographic ship in the United States fleet. She also featured a number of advanced oceanographic tools and technologies, including a "multi-beam, wide-angle precision sonar for continuous charting of a broad strip of ocean floor under the ship's track." In addition, the main engines, two Enterprise R5 V-16 diesel engines, were mounted on "rafts", isolated from the hull by rubber cushions, similar in nature to the acoustic isolation aboard nuclear submarines.
The USNS "Maury" was placed "out of service" in September 1994, and laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet in Suisun Bay, California. On October 1, 1994, she was stricken from the Navy rolls and transferred to MARAD under agreement that she would be transferred to CMA after retrofitting. After conversion of the living spaces aboard, she was transferred to CMA on May 4, 1996 and rechristened as the TS "Golden Bear". Since that time, the ship has almost continuously undergone substantial repairs, remodeling and improvements, including periodic drydock inspections and overhauls. In early 2009, additional staterooms were installed, along with a supplemental MSD (Marine Sewage Device), and both the ship's gym and library were renovated.Current construction projects include an enclosed simulation laboratory for navigation training atop the 04 deck and refurbishment of the cadet living quarters on the 01 and 02 decks. 
Sister ship.
The sister ship of the USNS "Maury", the USNS "Tanner", was transferred to the Maine Maritime Academy after a similar conversion, where it is now known as the TS "State of Maine".

</doc>
<doc id="9884998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9884998" title="Street Fame">
Street Fame

Street Fame is Twisted Black's third album. It was released on March 6, 2007. The first single is "I'm A Fool With It". The second single is "Throw It Up" featuring Chyna Whyte and Yo Gotti.

</doc>
