<doc id="9838843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838843" title="Tim Hames">
Tim Hames

Tim Hames is Director General of the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (BVCA). Before joining the BVCA, Tim was a columnist and Chief Leader Writer at The Times. He occasionally writes travel pieces. He also wrote for The Tablet and the Charleston Mercury. Before joining the Times in 1999, he was a lecturer in politics at Oxford University. He attended Oriel College, Oxford. He has a doctorate in philosophy (DPhil) from the University of Oxford.
Together with Andrew Adonis he wrote a "A Conservative Revolution?", a work looking at the rise of Thatcherism.
Hames edited the Times Guide to the House of Commons in 2001 and 2005. He was mocked by the magazine Private Eye for a 2007 column entitled 'I’ve got the sauce to say it: Barack Obama is a loser' in which he made inaccurate predications about the future of American politics including saying it was "absurd" to say Obama would become President, and that if he won he would eat his words with Tabasco sauce.
On 8 September 2009, it was announced that Hames would become Special Adviser to the Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow.

</doc>
<doc id="9838863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838863" title="Cartersburg Springs">
Cartersburg Springs

Cartersburg Springs (or Magnetic Springs) is a site in Liberty Township, Hendricks County, Indiana, about a mile north of the town of Carterburg. The springs formerly at the site have ceased flowing,
Geography.
Cartersburg Springs (Magnetic Springs) is located at .
History.
The springs were known by and used extensively by the Indians in the area well before the first white settler, Samuel McCormick and his wife arrived about 1800. Even as late as the 1950s, Indian arrowheads, beads, etc. would periodically be found near the springs.
Samuel and his wife settled on the hill overlooking the springs near what is now Cartersburg, Indiana, and raised 12 children. According to a 1926 recorded interview with daughter Eliza Jane McCormick, no one in the family ever required the care of a doctor. The family attributed their good health to the healing powers of the spring water.
By the mid-19th century residents of the area would regularly visit the springs to bathe and take home containers of this miracle water.
In 1822, George Matlock, Jacob Wagoner, William Ballard, and Alen Little purchased the farm that surrounded the springs. By the late 19th century the springs had become so popular for picnics and social gatherings that A.W. Carter, G.V. Seaton, J.A. Veatch, John Tartelon, Edward Conn, T.A. Prewitt, and J.A. Dobyn formed the Cartersburg Springs Mineral Corporation with the intent of selling shares and building a resort.
A post in the Danville Union newspaper dated Feb. 19, 1874 states: 
Almost immediately disagreements and disputes erupted, some leading to bitter grudges.
By 1900, the group had spent a tidy sum of money that they didn't have, and they were forced to sell some of the land. One of the stockholders, Albert Veatch, purchased about including the hill overlooking the springs with the intent of building a competing hotel but that dream never materialized.
An advertisement titled "The Season of 1901" promoted the springs by saying, 
Brochure prices were:
Around 1903 the balance of the Cartersburg Springs Mineral Corporation was purchased by Dr. Kimberlin, a well-known heart specialist. He immediately sold a 49% interest to Armand Koehne and together they pushed the enterprise into a summer hotel success.
A 1903 water analysis report released by the Indiana State Board of Health and signed by the boards director Dr. J.N. Hurty says:
By the summer of 1904, with Lee Allison as the hotel proprietor, wealthy people began sending their children, nannies, and nurse-maids to the hotel for the entire summer with the parents joining them on weekends. Every room of the hotel was filled from June through August, and in 1905 and again in 1906, advanced reservations ensured that every room would be occupied the following summer. Besides the springs, there was a dance hall, bowling alley, race track, and picnic grounds in and around the resort. The hotel was doing quite well and the area was thriving.
After the hotel closed for the season in 1906, Mr. Allison moved his belongings to a hill house and began making plans for new additions to be built and available by next season. In the middle of a beautiful fall night fire broke out at the rear of the hotel and spread via a board walk to the bath house. People from all around arrived in an attempt to save the structures, but all was a total loss. Neither the hotel or bath house were rebuilt, some say because the two partners couldn't agree on what type of new facility should be built. Rumor is that Dr. Kimberlin wanted it to be a clean, wholesome, Christian place, while Mr. Koehne preferred a more "free and easy" life style. Rumors also suggested that the hotel's insurance premium was due the next day and that a container of oil soaked rags were found near what was thought to be the fires source - however arson was never proven.
Despite the demise of the resort, the springs eventually returned as a source of income for Cartersburg-Crystal Springs Inc. as a source of its bottled water. A collection plant was built at the springs and water was trucked to Indianapolis for processing and bottling. Cartersburg-Crystal Spring water was available at many of Indianapolis's finest hotels and restaurants as well as for home delivery.
Cartersburg-Crystal Springs Inc. was located at 955 Fort Wayne Avenue, Indianapolis, Indiana for over 50 years.
The springs, which once produced more than per day, have since stopped flowing. The collection plant at the springs has been incorporated into a residence, but the original structure remains visible to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="9838878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838878" title="Advanced Landing Ground">
Advanced Landing Ground

Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) was the term given to the temporary advance airfields constructed by the Allies during World War II in support of the invasion of Europe. They were built in the UK prior to the invasion and thereafter in from 6 June 1944 to V-E Day, 7 May 1945.
Unlike the permanent airfields built in the United Kingdom and designed for the strategic bombardment of Germany, the tactical combat airfields on the continent were temporary, often improvised airfields to be used by the tactical air forces to support the advancing ground armies engaged on the battlefield. Once the front line moved out of range for the aircraft, the groups and squadrons moved up to newly built ALGs closer to the ground forces and left the ones in the rear for other support uses, or simply abandoned them.
Overview.
When the Allies invaded Normandy on D-Day, United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) engineers were among those in the initial assault waves. Their mission was to rapidly construct forward operating airfields, known as Advanced Landing Grounds (ALGs), on the European continent. As the Allied armies advanced across France and into Germany, several hundred airfields were built or rehabilitated for use by the allied air forces.
For security reasons, the airstrips were referred to by a coded number instead of location. In the United Kingdom, USAAF installations were identified by three digit (AAF) numbers ranging from AAF-101 to AAF-925. After D-Day, continental airfields in the European Theater of Operations (ETO) were also assigned coded numbers. American airfields were given A-, Y-, or R-, prefixes and numbered consecutively from 1 to 99. Both "A" and "Y" designated airfields could be found in France, however many "Y" fields would also be in France, as well as the Netherlands; Belgium and occupied areas of Germany. "R" coded fields were usually located in occupied Germany. British airfields on the continent were also consecutively numbered, but with a B-prefix.
The numbering system for airfields was sequentially assigned as airfields were allocated, not by location or by date of operational use. A-1, Saint Pierre du Mont, was declared operational on 13 June 1944; A-3 Cardonville on 14 June. However A-2, Cricqueville-en-Bessin, was declared operational a few days later on 19 June.
Also many of these airfields had no combat air group or squadron attached to them. They were designed for casualty evacuation and supply transport and consisted of a quickly built runway manned only by a small complement of station personnel with little or no infrastructure other than tents. As the ground forces moved east, wounded would be sent to the airfield to be picked up by C-47s and taken to hospitals in England or other rear areas. Also supplies would be airlifted to the fields and unloaded, to be quickly transported to the front line units. These were normally known as S&E Fields (Supply and Evacuation).
Once completed, airfields were usually utilized by the combat groups or squadrons within a day or so of being declared operational for military use by the IX Engineering command engineers. They would be used for perhaps a few days to a week, to several months, depending on the location, use, and operational requirements. Once the combat units moved up to the next assigned ALG, they could be utilized as S&E Fields, or deconstructed quickly and abandoned, with the land being released back to the landowners or civil authorities in the area.
Construction.
The mission for constructing ALGs was placed in the hands of USAAF's Ninth Air Force and its specially created engineering arm, the IX Engineer Command. Each aviation engineer battalion in the command (of a total of sixteen) was composed of sufficient men and equipment to quickly construct an airfield or landing ground for a single tactical fighter or bomb group unit.
ALGs were selected in two ways. First, existing enemy military or civilian airfields which were captured as the ground forces advanced were noted by engineers assigned to ground units. Second, engineers noted areas in grid locations where an airfield was desired, that had flat terrain, good land drainage, and where an airfield could be constructed quickly.
Captured airfields could be restored for use as advanced landing field in one to three days depending upon the amount of drainage and the number of mines and booby traps encountered.
Dry-weather advanced landing fields were constructed by a single battalion at a favorable site in flat terrain in from one to three days, including time for reconnaissance. At less favorable sites, where more clearing and grading were required, or all-weather fields which also needed additional infrastructure, the time varied from three to ten days.
ALGs were equipped with an access road that was connected to the existing road infrastructure; a dump for supplies, ammunition, and gasoline drums, along with a drinkable water and a minimal electrical grid for communications and station lighting. Tents were used for billeting and also for support facilities. Time was the all-important factor and ALGs serve its purpose if available for only a few days. As the forward area became the rear area, an advanced landing field could be improved for medium bomber use, but initially they primarily served fighter and transport groups.
Based on the experience obtained in the North African and Italian Campaigns, fighter groups required an airfield 120 feet x 3600 feet long, and fighter-bomber groups required fields 120 feet x 5000 feet long. Medium bomb groups required 120 feet x 6000 feet runways.
Runway types.
Instead of using rough, unimproved dirt strips, engineers used surfacing material necessary to strengthen the soil to support the weight of the aircraft and as a measure of insurance against the wet weather. Airfields were initially single runway landing strips which were laid down east–west (09/27) unless local conditions dictated a different runway direction.
ALGs laid in the UK were of Sommerfeld Tracking a form of stiffened steel wire mesh.
The surfacing material selected for the building of advanced landing grounds during the first weeks after the Normandy invasion was known as square-mesh track (SMT). SMT, a British development, was material composed of heavy wire joined in three-inch squares. It was chosen over other surfacing materials because it was very lightweight, allowing sufficient quantities to be transported across the English channel on over-tasked landing craft. Easily workable, a SMT landing mat for fighters could be laid like a carpet in about one week.
After the initial batch of airfields was completed using SMT, the Army aviation engineers switched almost exclusively to another surfacing material known as prefabricated hessian (burlap) surfacing (PBS). Light and easily transportable, PBS did not create the dust problem encountered with SMT fields. Made of an asphalt-impregnated jute delivered in rolls 300 feet in length and 36 inches or 43 inches in width, PBS was laid in overlapping layers to produce a dust-free fair weather surface. It was also common to build airstrips using both SMT and PBS, laying SMT on top.
To provide an all season durable airfield for the Ninth Air Force's medium and light bombers, a third type of surfacing material known as pierced steel plank (PSP), or Marsden Matting was introduced on the Normandy bridgehead in July 1944. It consisted of , steel planks joined together and laid perpendicular to the line of flight. Long used in other theaters, PSP would have been ideal for all airfields on the continent, but its limited availability and greater weight made this impractical. Moreover, because of supply problems, construction of even a PSP fighter-bomber field could take a month or longer, while similar PBS and SMT fields could be constructed in two weeks and one week, respectively.
In addition, Sod and Earth runways were built for Emergency Landing Strips (ELS) and Refueling and Rearming Strips (R&R). Captured airfields contained a wide variety of runways, most commonly Asphalt; Concrete; Macadam or Tar-Penetrated Macadam.
Airfield types.
There were five main types of airfields built by the USAAF combat engineers on the continent. These were:
Consisted of a rough, graded runway approximately 2000 feet long to provide a place for emergency belly-landings of damaged aircraft.
Usually a rough graded runway near the front line or an airfield in the rear that was used by C-47s for transport of casualties to the rear, or delivery of supplies and munitions to the front line.
Consisted of a runway and an aircraft marshalling area on each end of the runway. It was designed to provide an airfield near the front lines upon which aircraft based in rear areas could land, be refueled and rearmed, and take off again on a mission without having to return to their home field in the rear. Also could be used for dispersal or for when services other than refueling or rearming was required. These airfields could be expanded into advance landing grounds by the addition of dispersal and other station facilities. Generally if an R&R strip was built, it would be sited wherever possible with a view to further expand it later into an ALG.
An advanced landing ground could be constructed as such from the beginning or by development from an R&R Strip by the addition of dispersal facilities, expansion of the road network and other additions to the station and technical area in order for it to be used over an extended period of time.
A number of ALGs were expanded into tactical air depots by the addition of hangars, shops, more dispersal hardstands, roads, and other facilities. Some were developed from the beginning.
Deployment.
Four main designations were given to ALGs on the European Continent:
An unforeseen development was the extraordinary demand for transport, supply, and evacuation fields as the Allied armies pushed past Paris toward the German frontier. In late 1944, supplies could not keep pace with U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower's forces, and to help lessen the supply shortage airfields for C-47 Skytrain cargo planes became a priority. Bringing in ammunition of all types and especially gasoline on the trip to the ALGs on the continent, the C-47s on the return trip evacuated wounded to the rear.
By 15 September 1944, IX Engineer Command had placed over eighty ALG airfields in operation, while British engineers had constructed 76 airfields in their zone. In Southern France, another twenty or so fields had been built by American engineers from Twelfth Air Force from the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO). In October these uncoded airfields were assigned to the ETO and given ALG code numbers.
The stabilization of the front lines in the Netherlands, Belgium, and eastern France in mid-September 1944, which would last into the new year, allowed aviation engineers a chance to reorganize and prepare for the upcoming winter season. As expected, they could not build new PHS and SMI airstrips during the fall rain and winter snow seasons because of the moist ground. Besides concrete, the American-made PSP was the only available surfacing material that could be laid down during this inclement weather in Europe.
To keep the supply lines open, selected airfields in Belgium and France were therefore "winterized" with PSP. Because of the limited supply of PSP, however, only a limited number of airfields could be winterized, making it necessary to base two group sized units per airfield. But sufficient fighter-bomber and medium bomber airfields were completed that winter to ensure Ninth Air Force aircraft could continue flying combat missions.
The major problem affecting airfield construction in early 1945 was not the surprise German Ardennes counteroffensive (which caused the abandonment on only one airfield – Y-39, Haguenau). Rather, an early February thaw threatened to make airfields inoperable due to the mud and water. Using local civilian labor, engineers performed extensive maintenance on the threatened airfields and successfully resolved the crisis
The renewed allied offensive in early 1945, following the Battle of the Bulge, was supported in earnest by the building of tactical airfields in occupied Germany. Trier (Y-57), became the first operational tactical American airfield on German soil on 10 March 1945. When a crossing over the Rhine River was spearheaded at Remagen, Germany, a supply and evacuation strip was quickly set up to support the bridgehead. As Allied tank columns struck out rapidly into the heartland of Germany, the airfield "clutches" of the Ninth Air Force's tactical air commands moved east of the Rhine river within range of virtually any target in Germany.
Scores of former Luftwaffe sod and hard surfaced airfields were captured in the lightning advance through Central Germany, virtually undamaged, lessening the requirement for SMT, PHS, and PSP prefabricated surfacing. The relative lack of German military opposition in late March, April and May 1945 lessened the need for close air support and produced a greater demand for supply airstrips to keep the offensive moving. Every opportunity was used to clear captured German airfields for use along the armies' route, allowing C-47s and other transports to land with food, gas, and ammunition. The supply effort received top airfield priority. By V-E Day, 9 May 1945, 76 of the 126 airfields made operational east of the Rhine river were strictly supply and evacuation fields.
Summary.
USAAF Engineers constructed or rehabilitated over 280 continental airfields in the ETO from D-Day to V-E Day. In the summer months that followed, a few new airfields were constructed, but the vast majority were abandoned and turned over to local landowners or civil governments. Throughout Western Europe, as well as the airfields built by Twelfth and Fifteenth Air Forces in the MTO, a significant number were developed into permanent, civilian airports or NATO military bases after the war.
The airfield coding system remained in effect until after the Japanese surrender in the Pacific, when, on 14 September 1945, the system was officially discontinued. Thereafter, airfields were referenced by their geographic name.
Airfields.
Only active combat ALGs are shown. Dedicated S&E, Liaison, Transport, and other non-combat airfields are not listed. Runway types are listed as follows:
United Kingdom (Kent).
Advanced Landing Grounds were built in Kent during 1943 and 1944 for several reasons. The first being a requirement by the USAAF Ninth Air Force to station short-range fighters close to the English Channel coast so missions could be undertaken to attack enemy coastal fortifications; road and rail networks and other military targets in Occupied France prior to the invasion of Normandy. Also construction of the ALGs provided necessary engineering and construction training as well as providing practical experience in the development of forward airfields which would be necessary on the Continent after the invasion. The ALG's laid down in Kent had two runways, while the ones laid down in France after the invasion generally had only one strip laid down east-west for speed of construction
Due to their temporary nature, the airfields were torn up and salvageable components were re-used on new ALGs in France after the assigned units were moved forward onto French ALGs after the invasion of Normandy.
Normandy Campaign.
Airfields in France used in support of the invasion and establishment of Allied forces in Normandy, France, during Operation Overlord and the immediate aftermath, 6 June—24 July 1944
Northern France Campaign.
The US marks the "Northern France Campaign" from the breakout following the invasion of Normandy to September 1944.
Western Allied invasion of Germany.
Airfields captured or established to support combat operations during the Western Allied Invasion Of Germany (1 February-8 May 1945). This section lists those used during the war; ones used during the occupation period of Germany are listed in the Army of Occupation ALGs section.
Army of Occupation ALGs.
ALGs used by American forces in Occupied Germany and Austria after the German Capitulation on 7 May 1945. Primarily used for storage of captured German weapons, aircraft and equipment before their destruction. Also for garrisons of Army or Army Air Force personnel.
Royal Air Force ALGs.
Advanced Landing Ground airfields built by American or British combat engineers for the Royal Air Force were given "B" designations. Some of these were also used by USAAF Troop Carrier Groups and Command and Control organizations. 
Now: La Couture-Boussey

</doc>
<doc id="9838888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838888" title="MTV Extra">
MTV Extra

MTV Extra was a music channel by MTV Networks Europe, the channel first launched on July 1, 1999 on the Sky Digital platform, and was a mixture of music videos and repeats of MTV Programming. Towards the end of the channel's life, programming was dropped and the channel showed solely music videos (under the "Pure Music" name), with MTV Dance in the evenings. MTV Dance was spun off into its own channel on 20 April 2001, and MTV Extra was renamed MTV Hits at 6am on 1 May 2001. MTV Extra is notable for being the only spin-off MTV channel to use the same song title graphics as its parent channel (although it had its own separate idents).

</doc>
<doc id="9838992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838992" title="Foster Farms Dairy">
Foster Farms Dairy

The Foster Farms Dairy was founded in 1941 by Max and Verda Foster 
in Modesto, California, a venture following their 1939 founding of Foster Farms (poultry company). The company claims to be "the largest privately owned dairy in California." 
In 2007, Foster Farms acquired Crystal Cream and Butter Company, based in Sacramento, from HP Hood. In 2009, Foster Farms Dairy acquired Humboldt Creamery, based in Fernbridge, California (near Eureka), which also operates a plant in Stockton.

</doc>
<doc id="9838999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838999" title="Adrian Budka">
Adrian Budka

Adrian Budka (; born January 26, 1980 in Zduńska Wola) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) who currently plays for Arka Gdynia.
Career.
He played once in Poland national football team so far—the game versus UAE on December 6, 2006. He also played in such a clubs like Śląsk Wrocław, Polar Wrocław and Górnik Łęczna and above all, he played for Widzew Łódź for almost 6 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9839010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839010" title="Dave Baker (baseball)">
Dave Baker (baseball)

David Glenn Baker (born November 25, 1957) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. He appeared in nine games with the Toronto Blue Jays in 1982. He was an alummns of UCLA.
Baker was the older brother of Doug Baker who also played in the major leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="9839019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839019" title="We Are America Alliance">
We Are America Alliance

The We Are America Alliance (WAAA) is a national alliance of immigrant rights organizations and allies in the United States that work towards social justice, including comprehensive immigration reform and immigrants' civic participation. The alliance was borne out of broad collaboration around the 2006 immigration reform protests, which mobilized more than 2 million people nationwide during spring, as well as a civic participation campaign during the 2006 elections.
Name.
"We Are America" was a highly popular slogan and chant sung during pro-immigrant marches of the 2006 immigration reform protests in the United States, along with "Sí se puede" ("Yes, it's possible", meaning that people's power and immigration reform were possible). It pointed to the fact that undocumented immigrants although not lawfully present in the United States of America, were part of the nation as families and workers. 
Many regional immigrant rights coalitions sprung up across the country that adopted "We Are America" as their name; among those are the We Are America Coalition of Arizona and the We Are America Coalition of Southern California . Some were short-lived, and some others, such as the national We Are America Alliance still work in 2007 to create a long-term immigrant rights work plan.

</doc>
<doc id="9839027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839027" title="WAAA">
WAAA

WAAA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839037" title="DJ Greyboy">
DJ Greyboy

DJ Greyboy (a.k.a. Andreas Stevens) is an acid jazz DJ from San Diego, California now Residing in Long Beach, California. Early in his career he was the partner of Rob Dyrdek in Crime on the Turn Tables. His style of music includes hip hop, soul, funk, experimental, and acid jazz rare grooves. Greyboy has tracks on numerous compilations. He is co-founder and namesake of The Greyboy Allstars. In 2009 Greyboy founded his own record label "Soundlock Recordings" as well as a turntable band called "Warchurch" members include Delmos Wade, DJ Truly Odd, Erick Coomes, Tycoon, Mike Long and Opie Ortiz. 2010 he released a co-produced album with Delmos Wade titled "From The Ground Up".

</doc>
<doc id="9839059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839059" title="Foster Farms">
Foster Farms

Foster Farms may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839063" title="Mini Desktop Racing">
Mini Desktop Racing

Mini Desktop Racing is a racing video game published by Metro 3D and developed by Data Design Interactive. It was released on PC and PlayStation 2 formats in July 2005. A Wii version was released in Australia on November 22, 2007, and November 23, 2007 in Europe and North America.[http://wii.ign.com/objects/889/889382.html]
Gameplay.
Much like the popular Micro Machines, Mini Desktop Racing is displayed with a top-down view. Players race in a variety of mini cars around a variety of desktop areas. The game offers reasonably interactive courses by allowing players to "turn on fans" and "spill drinks" in attempts to hinder opponents. Every level has a variety of different things that can be interacted with. The game can be played in single-player mode, in which you can race against one or more computer-controlled opponents or in multiplayer where you can race against one other friend.
Reception and Publicity.
In 2005, Mini Desktop Racing had very poor advertising, making it a relatively unknown game. Reviews are painfully hard to come by though most critics gave the game low scores, criticising primarily its poor presentation. Most internet gaming sites, such as IGN or Gamespot, feature the game in their databases.

</doc>
<doc id="9839074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839074" title="Dana Antal">
Dana Antal

Dana Antal (born April 19, 1977 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a women's ice hockey player. She won a gold medal with Canada at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. Prior to joining the Canadian national team, she played collegiate hockey for Cornell University. In her first season, she was named the Ivy League Rookie of the Year, and was the team's leading scorer. Antal also played for the Calgary Oval X-Treme in the Western Women's Hockey League.
Playing career.
Minor hockey.
Growing up in Esterhazy, Saskatchewan, Antal played minor hockey on local boys' teams until bantam (15 & under), as at the time, there were no girls' teams in the area.
College hockey.
After completing her minor hockey career, Antal was offered a scholarship to play hockey at Cornell University.
Club hockey.
On March 22, 1998, Dana Antal scored at 5:31 of a 10 minute overtime period on a pass from Jennifer Botterill as Team Alberta (represented by the Calgary Oval X-Treme) defeated Team Ontario (represented by the Beatrice Aeros) by a 3-2 mark to win the Esso Nationals. In the tournament, Antal scored two goals and added an assist at the games. She scored a goal in the 2003 Esso Women's National Hockey Championship to help Team Alberta win the Abby Hoffman Cup.
International play.
Antal was a member of the Canadian National Team that won gold at the Women’s World Hockey Championships in 2001. She was selected to the team in 2000 but was unable to play. She was a member of the Canadian Olympic Team that won a gold medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="9839076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839076" title="Limit of Vision">
Limit of Vision

Limit of Vision is a 2001 science fiction book by author Linda Nagata. As is the case with many of her novels, there is a strong focus on nanotechnology and genetic engineering. Also typical of her works, government and corporate corruption plays a large role in the story, in this case as antagonistic suppressors of generally positive and liberating transhumanizing technology.
"Limit of Vision" tells the story of a rogue colony of artificial, independently viable neural cells called asterids (nicknamed LOVs, because their size is at the limit of human vision) which escapes from containment aboard a corporate research lab in low Earth orbit. Plummeting to Earth, the colony's habitat lands off the coast of Vietnam, to be picked up by Ela Suvanatat, a freelance journalist. Ela is helped by a group of young children living under the protection of a ROSA (ROving Silicon Agent, a nearly sentient computer program) named "Mother Tiger", who see an opportunity to advance their lots in life by cooperating with the LOVs in a form of symbiosis. Events quickly spiral out of control as the corporate lab, "Equasys", joins with the UN to eradicate the LOVs.
Plot summary.
Virgil Copeland and Randall Panwar are forced to give a project review to the senior staff of "Equatorial Systems" alone when their fellow scientist Gabrielle Villanti fails to show up. Panwar stumbles through the presentation, showcasing their life work: asterids (artificial neurons) known as LOVs. Although LOVs showed promise in initial experiments, the enhanced intelligence of the test animals was offset by the uncontrolled growth of the LOVs, which eventually killed their hosts. LOVs were therefore made dependent on two amino acids: nopaline for metabolism and octopine for reproduction. In the second phase of the experiment, the LOVs were encased in silicate shells. These LOVs were able to safely interact with the test animals. Unfortunately, an unrelated incident at a rival biotechnology company prompted a government crackdown, and the LOVs were exported to the "Hammer", a space station in low Earth orbit.
Panwar's presentation is cut short when security interrupt with news of an incident at the lab. Gabrielle, Panwar, and Virgil had illegally implanted LOV clusters on their foreheads in order to communicate with the LOV colonies in their care, and Gabrielle had apparently entered a fugue state and died of exhaustion while in communion with their latest experimental subject. Their administrators learn of this shortly when they discover Virgil attempting to surreptitiously remove the LOVs from Gabrielle's corpse, and the two surviving scientists are put into quarantine. Unfortunately, the LOV colony is quite a bit more intelligent and resourceful than anyone had anticipated; it has overcome several obstacles and colonized key areas of the "Hammer". When it learns what has happened, it takes control of several drones and severs the lab module from the space station.
Ela Suvanatat is a freelance journalist doing a story on the plight of fishing villages in Vietnam when the "Equasys" lab module crashes offshore. Although it is quickly declared off limits by the government, Ela hires a boat and makes her way out to the crash site. She is barely able to scoop up a few stray LOVs which have survived atmospheric reentry and get back to shore before the military arrives and cordons off the site.
Racing through the marsh ahead of military patrols, Ela comes into contact with the "Roi Nuoc", a group of children under the care of a nearly sentient computer program named "Mother Tiger". The "Roi Nuoc" take her to one of their benefactors, a businessman named Ky Xuan Nguyen. While cleaning up at his house, Ela discovers that the packet of LOVs has torn and most of her find is missing, but there are a few LOVs lodged in her forehead.
Meanwhile, Virgil and Panwar attempt escape from quarantine, but Panwar is gunned down and Virgil barely makes it to Panwar's one-man automated submarine. Virgil shortly receives from a message from Ela, who is worried that her LOVs seem to be dying. He tells her that crown galls on some plants might contain nopaline, and orders her a supply of both nopaline and octopine tablets from a chemical supply company.
Ela is forced to flee her safe house when the military begins a house-to-house search, but she stops along the way to gather crown galls and then asks one of the "Roi Nuoc" to lead her back to the pool in which she took shelter after swimming ashore. At the pool, Ela plunges half of her crown galls into the mud, hoping to save any LOVs which had made their way into the water.

</doc>
<doc id="9839082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839082" title="Electron therapy">
Electron therapy

Electron therapy or Electron Beam Therapy (EBT) is a kind of external beam radiotherapy where electrons are directed to a tumor site.
Equipment.
Electron beam therapy is performed using a medical linear accelerator. The same device can also be used to produce high energy photon beams. When electrons are required, the x-ray target is retracted out of the beam and the electron beam is collimated with a piece of apparatus known as an applicator or an additional collimating insert, constructed from a low melting point alloy.
Properties.
Electron beams have a finite range, after which dose falls off rapidly. Therefore they spare deeper healthy tissue. The depth of the treatment is selected by the appropriate energy.
Indications.
Electron beam therapy is used in the treatment of superficial tumors like cancer of skin regions, or total skin (e.g. mycosis fungoides), diseases of the limbs (e.g. melanoma and lymphoma), nodal irradiation, and it may also be used to boost the radiation dose to the surgical bed after mastectomy or lumpectomy. For deeper regions intraoperative electron radiation therapy might be applied.

</doc>
<doc id="9839089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839089" title="Kelly Bechard">
Kelly Bechard

Kelly Bechard (born January 22, 1978 in Sedley, Saskatchewan) is a women's ice hockey player. Bechard competed for Canada at the World Championships in 2000 and 2001. In 2002, she competed for Canada at the Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. She was also a provincial doubles badminton champion in High School. 
In the gold medal game, Bechard was called for a tripping penalty late in the third period, and this led to Karyn Bye of the United States scoring a goal. The goal made the score 3-2 in Canada’s favour, as Bechard was part of the first Canadian Women's Hockey Gold Medal hockey team in Olympic history.
After the Olympics, Bechard returned to the University of Calgary, where she played for the university’s hockey team, and pursued a degree in management. In 1998, she was named to the CIAU’s First All-Star team and was presented the Award of Merit. She also played for Calgary’s Oval X-Treme and the Brampton Thunder. She scored a goal in the 2003 Esso Women's National Hockey Championship to help Team Alberta win the Abby Hoffman Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9839091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839091" title="The Healer's War">
The Healer's War

"The Healer's War" is a 1988 science fiction novel by Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9839092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839092" title="Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament is held annually to determine the men's basketball champion from the Mountain West Conference. The winner receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Basketball Tournament, although they did not in the 1999–2000 season.
All-time tournament record by team.
Updated through the 2014 tournament: 
^ No longer a Mountain West member.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9839099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839099" title="Thérèse Brisson">
Thérèse Brisson

Therese Brisson (born October 5, 1966 in Dollard-des-Ormeaux, Quebec) is a women's ice hockey player. Brisson played for the Canadian National women's ice hockey team from 1993 to 2005. Brisson was the second oldest member of Team Canada’s gold medal winning team at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. She competed for Canada at the World Championships in 1994, 1997, 1999, 2000 and 2001. She earned a silver medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, which marked the first time that women’s hockey was played on an Olympic level.
Playing career.
Brisson competed for the Ferland Quatre Glaces (first based out of Brossard, and then Repentigny) team in the League Régionale du Hockey au Féminin in the province of Québec. She studied kinesiology at Montreal’s Concordia University, was named athlete of the year in 1988 and 1989, and in 1997, she was inducted into Concordia University’s Sports Hall of Fame. In 1994, Brisson made her debut for Team Canada at the World Championships, playing alongside such stalwarts as Manon Rhéaume, Cassie Campbell, Geraldine Heaney and France St. Louis. She would be named an All-Star defensewoman at the tournament. Brisson was Team Canada’s Captain at the World Championships in 1999, 2000 and 2001. Brisson represented Team New Brunswick at the 1998 Esso women's hockey nationals. She scored one goal and an assists to defeat Team Saskatchewan and finish in fifth place.
At the 2002 Winter Olympics, Brisson led all Canadian defenders in scoring at the tournament. Brisson had two goals and three assists in helping Canada win its first gold medal in Women’s Olympic hockey.
Brisson also played several seasons for Montreal Axion, a professional women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League.
Personal.
After the Olympics, she pursued a Masters Degree at York University in Toronto. Brisson was a former professor in kinesiology at the University of New Brunswick. As of 2010, Brisson is a marketing manager at Procter & Gamble Canada. She is also a board member of the Canadian Olympic Committee. As part of the IIHF Ambassador and Mentor Program, Brisson was a Hockey Canada athlete ambassador that travelled to Bratislava, Slovakia to participate in the July 2011 IIHF High Performance Women's Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="9839119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839119" title="Isabelle Chartrand">
Isabelle Chartrand

Isabelle Chartrand (born April 20, 1978 in Anjou, Quebec) is a women's ice hockey player. Chartrand competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City before her 24th birthday. Chartrand was one of the youngest members of the team. Her previous experience with Team Canada was a Gold Medal at the 2001 Women’s World Hockey Championships.
Playing career.
Chartrand began playing ringette but would eventually shift to ice hockey. By the age of 16, she was a member of Team Quebec. At the 1995 Canada Winter Games, she would claim a bronze medal in ice hockey. Four years later, she took gold with Team Quebec at the Esso National Championships.
NCAA.
Prior to the 2002 Olympics, Chartrand attended St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York. As a member of the ECAC Hockey team, Chartrand was named rookie of the week on January 15, 2001. Chartrand had two goals and an assist for Team Canada’s gold medal winning team at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Chartrand is one of only three athletes from St. Lawrence University to have an Olympic Gold Medal (the others are Ed Rimkus and Gina Kingsbury). Also She played 2 seasons (1998–99 and 1999–2000) for Laval Le Mistral a women's ice hockey team in the National Women's Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="9839135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839135" title="Tammy Shewchuk-Dryden">
Tammy Shewchuk-Dryden

Tammy Lee "Barbie" Shewchuk (born December 31, 1977 in Saint-Laurent, Quebec) is a women's ice hockey player. Shewchuk was a member of the 2000 and 2001 gold medal teams at the Women’s World Hockey Championships. She also competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City and contributed with two points (a goal and an assist) as Canada captured the Gold Medal. The Olympic gold medal was particularly special for Shewchuk as she was a late cut for the 1998 Olympic team.
Playing career.
Early years.
Prior to the 2002 Olympics, Shewchuk was setting records. The New Year’s Eve baby was the first female non-goaltender to play in the renowned Québec PeeWee tournament. The first boys team she competed with was the Lac St-Louis Lions in 1994 as a forward and the only female on the team. She also played for Team Quebec at the 1991 and 1995 Canada Winter Games.
Shewchuk attended and played hockey for The Taft School and Harvard University.
Harvard Crimson.
During the 2000-01 season, Shewchuk led the NCAA in assists per game with 1.48. At the time of her graduation from Harvard, Shewchuk was the NCAA’s all-time leading scorer. Shewchuk set records for goals (160), career assists (147), and career points (307). In 1998-99, Shewchuk was named a First-Team All-American and led Harvard to the College Hockey Championship. For her contributions, Shewchuk earned Harvard’s John Dooley Award for combining sportsmanship, enthusiasm, and devotion to hockey.
Personal.
She graduated from Harvard University with a degree in English literature. Tammy has since coached hockey at Lawrenceville School and Wesleyan University. She is married to Michael Dryden, son of hockey hall of famer Ken Dryden.

</doc>
<doc id="9839143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839143" title="David Richardson">
David Richardson

David Richardson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839149" title="Hyundai Amco">
Hyundai Amco

AMCO Constructions Co. Ltd. (), is a Korean construction company founded in October 2002 in Yangjae-dong Seocho-gu Seoul, South Korea. Currently, the company's CEO is Kim Chang Hee. AMCO is licenced by the Hyundai Motor Company, and its main line of business is construction products. The company researches new technologies such as the modularization method, and floating dock technology.

</doc>
<doc id="9839150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839150" title="Couiza">
Couiza

Couiza is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Couiza is located at the foothills of the Pyrenees, on the road between Limoux, going towards Carcassonne and Quillan, going towards Perpignan. Couiza, at the top of the Haute Valley of the Aude, is at the foot of the hill leading to Rennes-le-Château and is on the Aude River.
Sights.
The Château de Couiza, a 16th-century castle, was built by the Dukes of Joyeuse and is now a hotel and restaurant ("Les Ducs de Joyeuse"). There is also a good tourist office, another restaurant, two patisseries and a post office. There is also a church in Couiza dedicated to St. Jean the Baptist. The area around Couiza is rich in historic and geographic interest.
Transportation.
The railway line from Carcassonne runs here stopping in Limoux and Espéraza on the way but the service is limited. Leaving Couiza the main road (D117) leads to Perpignan. Down to Barcelona or up to Narbonne and the TGV lines across the South of France.

</doc>
<doc id="9839159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839159" title="Split pair">
Split pair

A split pair is a wiring error where two wires of a twisted pair are instead connected using two wires from different pairs, potentially creating interference. Telecommunications wiring is most commonly configured using the twisted pair technique, and a split pair can cause problems like crosstalk on a phone line or interference with a video signal. These problems can indicate a wiring issue and may prompt a technician to check for signs that pairs could have been split while connecting telecommunications interfaces.Such wiring negates the benefit of using a twisted pair in the first place and is likely to cause errors in high rate data lines and increase interference on voice lines, especially on long lengths of cable.
When using registered jack connections and other connection schemes that use modular connectors, it's very easy for someone to get a split pair error. The easiest way to wire such a connector is to put the pairs next to each other, but this will not result in correct pairing.

</doc>
<doc id="9839202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839202" title="McCormack Easmon">
McCormack Easmon

McCormack Charles Farrell Easmon, OBE, popularly known as M.C.F. Easmon or "Charlie" (11 April 1890 – 2 May 1972), was born in Accra in the Gold Coast (modern-day Ghana), where his father John Farrell Easmon, a prominent Creole doctor, was working at the time.
Background and early life.
McCormack Charles Farrell Easmon was born on 11 April 1890 in Accra, Gold Coast, to Dr. John Farrell Easmon and his wife, Kathleen Annette Easmon ("née" Smith). McCormack Easmon descended from prominent Sierra Leonean families and had numerous ancestors who distinguished themselves in the civil service and medical field. Easmon was named "McCormack" or "MacCormac" after his great-grandfather John MacCormac, who was the uncle of Dr. William MacCormac.
Dr. John Farrell Easmon (1856-1900), was a prominent Sierra Leonean doctor with a distinguished medical career who was the first West African to serve as Chief Medical Officer of a British West African territory. The Easmon family descended from the original settlers of the Freetown Colony, the Nova Scotian Settlers. McCormack Easmon's paternal uncle was Dr. Albert Whiggs Easmon, a prominent gynaecologist in Freetown. Through his maternal lineage, Dr. J. F. Easmon was descended from the MacCormac family and was a nephew of Sir William MacCormac.
Kathleen Annette Smith (1870-1951) was the daughter of William Smith Esq. and Anne Smith ("née" Spilsbury). William Smith Jr. was the son of Judge William Smith, a Yorkshireman who settled on the Gold Coast and was a judge in the Mixed Commissionary Court in Freetown. Anne Spilsbury was the daughter of Joseph Green Spilsbury and Hannah Carew. J. G. Spilsbury's father was Dr. George Green Spilsbury, a distant relative of Bernard Spilsbury, and Elizabeth "Betsy" Fowler, a Jamaican Maroon woman. Hannah Carew was the daughter of Thomas and Betsy Carew, both Liberated Africans.
Education.
Easmon was educated for six months at the CMS Grammar School in Freetown and later at St. Paul's Preparatory School in London. He went on to attend Epsom College in Surrey. After graduating in 1907, McCormack was awarded a scholarship to study medicine at the Medical School of St. Mary's Hospital in London.
After a distinguished academic career, Easmon qualified in medicine and surgery in 1912, and in the following year passed the examination of the London School of Tropical Medicine.
Personal life.
In 1920, Easmon married Enid Winifred Shorunukeh-Sawyerr, daughter of a prominent Creole family. They had one child, Dr Charles Syrett Farrell Easmon, who is a professor in medical studies in the United Kingdom.
Retirement and Legacy.
As a member of the Sierra Leone Society, he spearheaded the founding of the Sierra Leone Museum in 1958 and became its first curator. Easmon was also instrumental in the Monuments and Relics Commission alongside other Sierra Leoneans such as Dr. Ernest Jenner Wright and Wilmot A. Dillsworth, a Freetown city town clerk. Easmon worked relentlessly to acquire worthy exhibits for the museum and to set up attractive displays. He also hosted a popular radio programme called "Sierra Leone in Retrospect".
In 1954, Dr. Easmon was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE).

</doc>
<doc id="9839204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839204" title="Alan Weiss (comics)">
Alan Weiss (comics)

Alan Weiss (born March 7, 1948, Chicago Illinois) is an American comic book artist and writer known for his work for DC Comics and Marvel Comics.
Career.
Alan Weiss began his comics career at DC Comics in 1971. Later that year, he began working for Marvel Comics as well where he drew "Avengers", "Captain America", "Daredevil", "Sub-Mariner" and "Spider-Man".
Weiss recalled in a 2006 interview there was a "lost" Adam Warlock story, which if completed would have been reminiscent of the Jonathan Swift novel "Gulliver's Travels". Portions of it were printed in the second volume of "Marvel Masterworks: Warlock". The remainder of the artwork was lost in a New York City taxicab in 1976.
In 1977, Weiss was one of the artists on the first issue of "Marvel Comics Super Special" which featured the rock band Kiss in a 40-page fictional adventure written by Steve Gerber. Kiss reappeared in an occult adventure in issue #5 (1978) which was written by Weiss. In April 1978, Weiss and writer E. Nelson Bridwell revamped the Captain Marvel character for DC with Weiss providing more realistic art for the series. Dennis O'Neil and Weiss created the character Calypso in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #209 (Oct. 1980).
Weiss created the "Steelgrip Starkey and the All-Purpose Power Tool" limited series for Marvel Comics' Epic Comics comics line in 1986 and "War Dancer" for Defiant Comics in 1994. Weiss has worked on DC Comics' alternate universe series "Elseworlds", co-writing and pencilling the Batman graphic novel "The Blue, the Grey and the Bat" as well as Paradox Press' "The Big Book Of" series, doing many pages on a variety of historical topics. From 2002 to 2005, he contributed work to "Tom Strong's Terrific Tales" published by America's Best Comics.
His work has appeared in the comic books "The Human Drama", "Big Apple Comix", "Twilight Zone", "Boris Karloff Tales of Mystery" and "Our Love Story"; in Warren Publishing's black-and-white horror-comics magazines "Creepy" and "Eerie"; and the satirical magazines "National Lampoon" and "Blast".
Inker Joe Rubinstein called Weiss "the most difficult guy in the business to ink, without exception." He added that this also made him one of his favorite artists to ink, because Weiss's work was so intricate that he couldn't tell what the final art would look like until he had finished inking it.

</doc>
<doc id="9839221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839221" title="Grizzly Peak (Colorado)">
Grizzly Peak (Colorado)

Grizzly Peakelevation , is the highest thirteener summit in Colorado. The mountain is composed of andesite lava flows and breccias of Oligocene age. It is located in the Sawatch Range on the Continental Divide, on the border between Pitkin County and Chaffee County. Grizzly Peak is the 54th highest peak in Colorado by most standard definitions, just missing the list of Colorado fourteeners. At one time, the peak's elevation was measured to be over and it was believed to be a fourteener, but more recent and accurate surveys have dropped it below that threshold.
Grizzly Peak is not only the name of Colorado's highest thirteener, but the state has four other Grizzly Peaks plus one Grizzly Mountain on the list:

</doc>
<doc id="9839235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839235" title="Montenegrin Third League">
Montenegrin Third League

The Third League of Montenegro (Montenegrin: Treća Crnogorska Liga / Трећа црногорска лига) is the third top football league in Montenegro. It is headed by the Football Association of Montenegro. 29 teams participate in this league, divided in three regions. Top team from each region qualifies for the playoff from which top 2 teams qualify for the Second League of Montenegro.
North region.
The North Region League is organised by FSSJR. There are 11 clubs competing in this region:
Central region.
The Central Region League is organised by FSSR. There are 9 clubs competing in this region:
South region.
The South Region League is organised by FSJR. There are 5 clubs competing in this region:
Promotion playoff.
The three regional winners play off for two places in Montenegrin Second League 2013/14.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsP = Promoted

</doc>
<doc id="9839243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839243" title="The Ramble and Lake">
The Ramble and Lake

The Ramble and Lake is a main feature of Central Park in New York City, being part of Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux's "Greensward" plan (1857). The Ramble was intended as a woodland walk through highly varied topography, a "wild garden" away from carriage drives and bridle paths, to be wandered in, or to be viewed as a "natural" landscape from the formal lakefront setting of Bethesda Terrace ("illustration below") or from rented rowboats on the Lake. The Ramble embraces the deep coves of the north shore of the Lake, excavated between bands of bedrock; it offers dense naturalistic planting, rocky outcrops of glacially scarred Manhattan bedrock, small open glades and an artificial stream, The Gill, that empties through the Azalea Pond, then down a cascade into the Lake. Its ground rises northwards towards Vista Rock, crowned by Belvedere Castle, a lookout and eye-catching folly.
The man-made landscape.
Geography.
The Park's most varied and intricately planted landscape was planted with native trees— tupelo ("Nyssa sylvatica"), American sycamore, white, red, black, scarlet and willow oaks, Hackberry and "Liriodendron", — together with some American trees never native to the area, such as Kentucky coffee tree, Yellowwood and Cucumber magnolia, and a few exotics, such as "Phellodendron" and "Sophora". Smaller natives include Sassafras. Aggressively self-seeding Black cherry and Black locust have come to dominate the Ramble.
The Lake unified what Calvert Vaux called the "irregular disconnected featureless conglomeration of ground". It was excavated, entirely by hand, from unprepossessing swampy ground transected by drainage ditches and ramshackle stone walls. Through the low-lying site the Sawkill flowed sluggishly from sources under the present American Museum of Natural History and in the prospective park south of Seneca Village, originally exiting the park under Fifth Avenue about East 74th Street, where Conservatory Water lies today, on its way to the East River. To create the Lake the outlet was dammed with a broad, curving earth dam, which carries the East Carriage Drive past the Kerbs Boathouse (1954), at the end of the Lake's eastern arm, so subtly that few visitors are aware of the landform's function. After six month's intensive effort, the Lake was ready in the winter of 1858 for its first season of ice-skating. Its center was seven feet deep, with terraced shorelines to lower levels for skaters' safety. Originally, in other seasons a tour boat picked up and dropped visitors at five landings with rustic shelters: four have been rebuilt and rowboats are rented at the boathouse.
The Hernshead.
Overlooking the Lake at the rocky promontory that Olmsted called The Hernshead stands the Ladies' Pavilion, a wrought iron shelter in a playful gothic style. It provides a classic atmospheric view, changing with light and weather, of Midtown skyscrapers rising from a belt of trees, with the Lake as foreground. The Ladies' Pavilion was built, probably to designs of Calvert Vaux, to shelter ladies waiting to change streetcars at the Columbus Circle corner of the park. When the "Maine Monument" was installed on its site, the cast-iron elements were disassembled and stored, to be re-erected on the Hernshead in the 1950s. The Ladies' Pavilion was almost lost to rust and vandalism when it was restored in 1979 as a project funded by Arthur Ross, one of the first projects in the restoration of Central Park.
As attraction.
Bird-watching.
The Ramble is one of the major centers of bird-watching in Central Park: 230 species of birds have been spotted over the years, including more than twenty species of warblers that pass through during spring and fall migration in April and October. 
A misguided sense that the plantings of the Ramble were progressing in some way towards a "climax forest" and should be left alone, coupled with heavy urban use, has degraded the landscape, which has been partially renovated more than once. The current on-going renovation of The Ramble and the shorelines of the Lake began again in 2006. The present goal of the woodland restoration and management program is gradually to restore the undergrowth of a healthy forest floor and to control off-path trampling and bike-riding.
As a gay icon.
Since at least the early 20th century, the seclusion of the Ramble has been used for private homosexual encounters. In the 1920s, the lawn at the north end was referred to as the "fruited plain" and in the 1950s and 1960s the Ramble was feared by many as a haven for "anti-social persons". In the early 1960s, under Mayor Robert F. Wagner, Jr., the parks department proposed building a senior center in the Ramble with the hope of curbing gay encounters and anti-gay assaults. Today, the Ramble's strong reputation for cruising for sex has given way somewhat to nature walks and environmentalism. However, some in the gay community still consider the Ramble to be "ground zero for outdoor gay sex", enjoying the "retro feel" of sneaking off into the woods. A tradition much older than Christopher Street and Fire Island, the Ramble continues to be a gay icon even in the more open environment of modern New York.
Restoration project, 2007–09.
The Lake was the last of Central Park's bodies of water to be renovated by the Central Park Conservancy, in a project to enhance both its ecological and scenic aspects. In the summer of 2007 the first phase of a restoration of the Lake and its shoreline plantings commenced, with replanting using native shrubs and understory trees around the northern end of the Lake, from Bank Rock Bay— a narrow cove in the northwest corner that had become a silted-up algae-covered stand of aggressively invasive "Phragmites" reeds— to Bow Bridge, which received replicas of its four original Italianate cast-iron vases, overspilling with annuals. In the earliest stages, invasive non-native plants like Japanese knotweed were eradicated, the slopes were regraded with added humus and protected with landscaping burlap to stabilize the slopes while root systems became established and leaf litter developed.
Oak Bridge.
Bank Rock Bridge, also called Cabinet Bridge, across the mouth of the cove was recreated in its original materials— carved oak with cast-iron panels and pine decking— following Calvert Vaux's original design of 1859–60. The cascade, where the Gill empties into the lake, was reconstructed to approximate its dramatic original form, inspired by paintings of Asher B. Durand. Sections of the Lake wree dredged of accumulated silt— topsoil that has washed off the surrounding slopes— and the island formerly in the lake, which gradually eroded below water level, was reconstructed in the summer of 2007 with rugged boulders along its shoreline, graded wetland areas and submerged planting shelves for water-loving native plants, like Pickerel weed. 
Oak Bridge spanning Bank Rock Bay in the Lake's northwest corner, is the major entrance to the Ramble from the West Side and, since its recreation in 2009 from Calvert Vaux's original drawings, a picturesque feature. The bridge that was built in 1860 of white oak with decorative openwork panels of cast iron, has been recreated in steel clad in ornamental cast iron facings, with a wooden deck.
Restoration of further sections of the Lake's shoreline landscapes will be undertaken. The first renovated sections were opened to visitors in April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9839265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839265" title="Christiansen effect">
Christiansen effect

The Christiansen effect is named after the Danish physicist Christian Christiansen and describes the reduced scattering of multi-phase microstructures at wavelengths where their refractive indices match.
A Christiansen filter is a narrow bandpass or monochromatic optical filter which consists of an optical cell which is stuffed with a crushed substance (e.g. glass) and a (mostly organic) liquid. The liquid is chosen according to the substance, so that the dispersion curves coincide at one wavelength. For this wavelength the filled optical cell behaves like a plane-parallel, homogeneous disk and allows transmission. All other wavelength ranges of the spectrum are reflected, scattered as well as refracted at the many interfaces between substance and liquid. A change of the transmission behavior of this dispersion filter can be achieved by variation of the liquid, the temperature or variation of the pressure. The fundamental consequence is the change of the refractive index of the liquid.
A typical filter is composed of glass particles immersed in a mixture of benzene and carbon disulfide. The wavelength of operation can be varied by changing the percentage of the two components of the liquid mixture, or by varying the temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="9839293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839293" title="The Falling Woman">
The Falling Woman

The Falling Woman is a 1986 contemporary psychological fantasy novel by Pat Murphy.
Plot summary.
Elizabeth Butler is an archaeologist, and the author of several popular books that challenge her colleagues' ideas about Mayan civilization. Elizabeth has a strange gift, connected to a suicide attempt as a young woman, which allows her to see the spirits of ancient people while she walks at dusk and dawn. The story opens with Elizabeth in the middle of an eight-week field study at Dzibilchaltún. Her team hopes to find dramatic artifacts that will spark interest and increased funding for future field studies at the site.
In the middle of the field study, Elizabeth's estranged adult daughter Diane arrives unannounced. After the death of her father, Elizabeth's ex-husband, Diane suddenly abandoned her life in the United States, and flew to Mexico to see her mother. It's revealed that Diane has seen Elizabeth for only a few brief visits since Elizabeth left her as a young child to be raised by her father. Neither is sure what Diane wants from Elizabeth.
As the two struggle to connect, Elizabeth has a new experience: one of her spirit visions, a Mayan priestess named Zuhuy-kak, can see and speak with Elizabeth. Zuhuy-kak provides unprecedented knowledge about the Mayans' departure from Dzibilchaltún, and leads Elizabeth to the major archaeological find her team needs, but demands a sacrifice to the goddess Ix Chebel Yax. As the dig progresses, haunted by bad luck and tragedy, Zuhuy-kak makes it clear that Elizabeth must sacrifice her daughter.
Awards.
"The Falling Woman" won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9839306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839306" title="Calvert School (disambiguation)">
Calvert School (disambiguation)

Calvert School is a kindergarten through 8th grade co-ed school for students in Baltimore, Maryland, with a homeschooling division.
Calvert School may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839321" title="Moment of Truth (Suzy Bogguss album)">
Moment of Truth (Suzy Bogguss album)

Moment of Truth is the second studio album by American country music artist Suzy Bogguss, released on August 2, 1990 through Liberty Records. The album was preceded by the singles "Under the Gun" and "All Things Made New Again," both of which charted at #72 on Hot Country Songs. Bogguss produced the album with Jimmy Bowen.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="9839330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839330" title="Hoosac Tunnel and Wilmington Railroad">
Hoosac Tunnel and Wilmington Railroad

The Hoosac Tunnel and Wilmington Railroad was an interstate railroad in southwestern Vermont and northwestern Massachusetts. It ran from the Hoosac Tunnel in Massachusetts to Wilmington, Vermont, a distance of approximately .
History.
The Deerfield River Railroad was chartered in Vermont in 1884; on July 4, 1885, it celebrated the opening of of narrow gauge track from Readsboro, Vermont to a junction with the Fitchburg Railroad at the east portal of the Hoosac Tunnel in northwestern Massachusetts. (The Hoosac Tunnel was opened in 1875 and is currently used by Pan Am Railways.) In 1886 the proprietors of the railroad incorporated the Hoosac Tunnel and Wilmington Railroad (HT&W) in Massachusetts; it acquired the Massachusetts portion of the line and leased the Vermont part, with which it was consolidated in 1892. By then the line had been extended north from Readsboro to Wilmington, another . The entire line was converted to in 1913.
The New England Power Company purchased the railroad in 1922 and began construction of a dam across the Deerfield River that required relocation of the north end of the line — after an initial proposal by the power company to substitute a carferry on the lake that the dam would create. The power company sold the railroad to local interests in 1926.
The world's first organized railroad fan trip was held on the HT&W. Members of the Railroad Enthusiasts chartered a train ride the length of the line on Sunday, August 26, 1934. They were the first rail passengers on the line since floods in 1927 had caused the substitution of bus service for the passenger trains.
After additional floods in early 1936 the railroad was sold to the H. E. Salzberg Company; ownership soon passed to Salzberg's son-in-law, Samuel M. Pinsly. He abandoned the line north of Readsboro but thought the remainder could be operated profitably. A hurricane did substantial damage to the HT&W in September 1938, but Pinsly rebuilt the line. In 1941 the HT&W made its first profit in 15 years, and continued to be a profit maker. Pinsly decided to dieselize the line in 1949.
Business fell off in the mid-1950s and profits turned to deficits. In the late 1950s the HT&W received a new customer in the form of a nuclear power plant at Monroe Bridge. HT&W hauled in much of the material for construction on the plant. Another power plant, the Bear Swamp Hydroelectric Power Station, would have required extensive relocation of the HT&W and resulted instead in abandonment on October 13, 1971.
The northern of the HT&W roadbed was converted for use as a rail trail.
Stations.
Vermont.
Popular nicknames for the HT&W included "the Hoot, Toot, and Whistle" and the "hold tight and whimper."

</doc>
<doc id="9839337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839337" title="Calvert City, Kentucky">
Calvert City, Kentucky

Calvert City is a 4th-class city in Marshall County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 2,701 at the 2000 census.
Geography.
Calvert City is located at (37.033126, -88.349570).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 13.9 square miles (36.1 km²), of which 13.9 square miles (35.9 km²) is land and 0.1 square mile (0.1 km²) (0.36%) is water.
Government.
Calvert City has a mayor-council form of government, as allowed by its standing as a fourth-class city under Kentucky's system of local government classification.
Despite being in an otherwise dry county, sales by the drink in restaurants seating at least 100 diners are allowed after a 2004 local option election.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,701 people, 1,141 households, and 787 families residing in the city. The population density was 194.5 people per square mile (75.1/km²). There were 1,203 housing units at an average density of 86.6 per square mile (33.5/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 99.00% White, 0.26% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.04% from other races, and 0.63% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.37% of the population.
There were 1,141 households out of which 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.9% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.0% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.76.
The age distribution was 21.0% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 88.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.3 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $41,107, and the median income for a family was $48,098. Males had a median income of $43,464 versus $23,403 for females. The per capita income for the city was $22,473. About 4.5% of families and 6.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.1% of those under age 18 and 10.3% of those age 65 or over.
History.
Calvert City was named for Potilla Willis Calvert. He built his home, Oak Hill, in 1860 and around a decade later gave a portion of his land to a new railroad, specifying that a station be built near his home. That station served as the starting point of the town, which was incorporated on March 18, 1871. The railroad station and post office long favored the shorter Calvert, but the Board on Geographic Names reversed its earlier decision in 1957 and switched to the longer form.
During the Ohio River flood of 1937, Calvert City's business district and much of the residential area was severely damaged by floodwaters.
In the 1940s, the construction of nearby Kentucky Dam by the Tennessee Valley Authority brought plentiful electric power that led to many industrial plants, mostly chemical manufacturers, to locate between the city and the Tennessee River. Merchant Luther Draffen was instrumental in attracting the dam and industrial plants.
Industry.
Calvert City has 16 industrial plants that are a key source of employment for Western Kentucky. The majority are chemical manufacturers with some steel and metallurgical plants and industrial services firms.
Transportation.
Calvert City is a hub for surface transportation. The city is the northern terminus of the Julian M. Carroll Purchase Parkway, providing a link to Memphis, Tennessee. The city is skirted on the south by Interstate 24, linking Calvert City to Nashville and St. Louis, and, via the Wendell H. Ford Western Kentucky Parkway, Louisville and Lexington. The city has rail access through the Paducah and Louisville Railway main line and is a commercial port on the Tennessee River.

</doc>
<doc id="9839352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839352" title="2007 NCAA Tournament">
2007 NCAA Tournament

This is a list of the 2007 NCAA Tournament winners:

</doc>
<doc id="9839357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839357" title="Embraer Unidade Gavião Peixoto Airport">
Embraer Unidade Gavião Peixoto Airport

Embraer Unidade Gavião Peixoto Airport is a private airport located near Gavião Peixoto, Brazil. It is owned and operated by Embraer and used as for testing civil and military aircraft.
History.
On October 2001 Embraer opened a plant on the Aerodrome of Gavião Peixoto, near Araraquara, to house the final assembly of aircraft and to test equipment and technology. For this purpose, Embraer built runway 02/20 with 4,967 x 45 m, considered to be the longest public use runway in the Americas and the fifth longest in the world. Even so, only 3,000 m are actually used. Embraer offers customer support for its clientele on the site.
The plant manufactures the wings of the Embraer 190 and 195, the Embraer EMB 314 Super Tucano aircraft, the refurbishing of the Northrop F-5 of the Brazilian Air Force, and since 2008 the final assembly of Phenom 100 and Phenom 300 aircraft.
Airlines and destinations.
There are no scheduled flights at the airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Gavião Peixoto and from downtown Araraquara.

</doc>
<doc id="9839363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839363" title="Connected (Stereo MCs song)">
Connected (Stereo MCs song)

"Connected" was the title track and first single from the Stereo MCs third studio album released in 1992. It reached no. 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and climbed to no. 18 on the UK Singles Chart. The song appeared in the movie "Hackers", starring Angelina Jolie and Jonny Lee Miller. Rob Lowe personally chose the song to be the theme to his 2004 program "Dr. Vegas". It also appears in the movie, "Saving Silverman". It was also used in commercials promoting the USA Network's program "Burn Notice" and by the Carphone Warehouse.
The song samples the disco classic "(Let Me) Let Me Be Your Lover" by Jimmy "Bo" Horne as well as containing a vocals sample from the Third World single "Now That We Found Love".
"I remember performing the track in late 1992," vocalist Rob Birch told "Q". "The Brixton Academy was just around the corner from our neighbourhood in London, near where we recorded the album. We were supporting the Happy Mondays for their UK tour and at that venue it was just amazing. The "Connected" album had only been out for a while, and we thought people were just starting to get into it. When we came on to the intro of the track, the whole audience was singing along to the tune and there was just an amazing vibe and energy. Everyone connected, basically." 

</doc>
<doc id="9839415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839415" title="Osier, Colorado">
Osier, Colorado

Osier is a populated place in Conejos County, Colorado, USA. It is an old railroad settlement and train stop approximately halfway along the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad where trains from both ends of the line meet and stop for lunch, making it possible for passengers to either continue in the same direction or return to their point of origin afterwards.
This location by the Rio de Los Pinos river was the halfway point on the old toll road from Conejos, Colorado, to Chama, New Mexico, and can be reached by Forest Road 103 from State Highway 17. 
History.
In 1878, the valley where Osier lies was the location of the toll gate for the Park View and Ft. Garland toll road. In 1880, the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad created Osier in the course of building the narrow gauge San Juan Extension from Alamosa, Colorado, to Durango, Colorado.
The Rio Grande built several other structures at Osier including a section house, station, water tank and bunk house. More recently, the Rio Grande's successor, the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad, built a kitchen and dining facility where passengers are served a hot lunch every day the trains are running (which is only during the summer season). 
Osier was where six snowmobile riders sought refuge after becoming lost in the Colorado backcountry in early January 2008. A snowstorm and threat of avalanche delayed rescuers, and the two families in the group broke into the kitchen where they found popcorn, chicken bouillon and gravy mix, keeping them alive until help could arrive.
See also.
Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="9839435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839435" title="17th Army (Wehrmacht)">
17th Army (Wehrmacht)

The German Seventeenth Army (German: "17. Armee") was a World War II field army.
Operational history.
On 22 June 1941, the 17th Army was part of Army Group South ("Heeresgruppe Sud") when Nazi Germany launched Operation Barbarossa ("Case Barbarossa") and invaded the Soviet Union. From 1 July, the Hungarian "Fast Moving Army Corps" ("Gyorshadtest") was subordinated to the 17th Army. 
The 17th Army was engaged in some very heavy fighting with Soviet forces in southern Russia. Along with 1st Panzer Army, the 17th Army encircled Soviet forces near Uman in central Ukraine during the Battle of Uman. Approximately 100,000 Soviet troops were captured.
Afterwards, the 17th Army and other German formations encircled even more Soviet troops during the Battle of Kiev. Approximately 450,000 were captured and, afterwards, Marshal of the Soviet Union ("Marshal Sovietskovo Soyuza") Semyon Budyonny was dismissed from duty.
After Kiev, the German focus shifted towards Moscow and the Battle of Moscow. Army Group South was ordered to resume the offensive, with the objective of capturing Rostov-on-Don, the gateway to the Caucasus oil fields, and Kharkov a major center of heavy industry for the Soviet Union.
In 1942, Army Group South was to spearhead the German summer offensive in Russia known as Case Blue ("Fall Blau"). The 17th Army was to give flank protection to 1st Panzer Army as it struck towards the Don River. From June to July, the German 17th Army, the Italian Expeditionary Corps in Russia, and the Romanian 3rd Army were organized as "Army Group Ruoff" ("Heeresgruppen Ruoff"). 
In August 1942, what he considered slow progress, caused German dictator Adolf Hitler to re-organize his forces. Hitler sub-divided Army Group South into two new army groups: Army Group A ("Heeresgruppe A") and Army Group B ("Heeresgruppe B"). Army Group A included the 17th Army, the 1st Panzer Army, and the 4th Panzer Army. Army Group B included the 2nd Army, the 6th Army, the Italian 8th Army, and the Hungarian 2nd Army. By October 1942, the Romanian 3rd Army and the Romanian 4th Army were added to further bolster Army Group B.
While Army Group B struck towards Stalingrad, Army Group A and the 17th Army attacked towards the Caucasus oilfields in what was to be known as the Battle of the Caucasus. However, by December with Soviet forces en-circled the 6th Army at Stalingrad, Army Group B withdrew from Southern Russia but 17th Army was ordered to hold the Kuban bridgehead. Hitler demanded a three-mile road and rail bridge across the Strait of Kerch in spring 1943 to support a push through the Caucasus to Persia, although the Cable Railway (Aerial tramway) which went into operation on July 14 with a daily capacity of one thousand tons was adequate for the defensive needs of the 17th Army in the Kuban bridgehead. Because of frequent earth tremors, vast quantities of extra-strength girders would be required, and their transport would curtail shipments of military material to the Crimea. 
By October 1943, the 17th Army was forced to retreat from the Kuban Bridgehead across the Kerch Strait to Crimea. During the following months, the Red Army pushed back the German Army ("Wehrmacht Heer") in the southern Ukraine. In November 1943, they eventually cut off the land-based connection of 17th Army through the Perekop Isthmus.
Hitler forbade a sea evacuation of 17th Army because he thought the Soviets could use the Crimea to launch air attacks against Romanian oil refineries. However, by the end of 1943, the Soviet began landing troops in Kersh Strait and, by 10 April 1944, moving troops near the Sivash and together with an attack at the Perekop Isthmus forced 17th Army to fall back to Sevastopol. The German Supreme Command of the Armed Forces ("Oberkommando der Wehrmacht", or OKW) intended to hold Sevastopol as a fortress, much as the Red Army had done during the first battle for the Crimea from 1941 to 1942. Inadequate repair to the defenses of Sevastopol made this impossible and, on 9 May 1944, Sevastopol fell in less than one month after the start of the battle.
The Army lost much of its heavy equipment in the Crimea. Considerable losses were suffered in terms of men lost in battle and losses associated with the sea evacuation.
The Army was subsequently reorganized and continued to fight on the Eastern Front, including in the Battle of Bautzen.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9839449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839449" title="Eico">
Eico

Eico (an acronym for Electronic Instrument Corporation) was a manufacturer of electronics kits located in New York City, New York, United States.
History.
Eico was established in New York City in 1945 by radio repair business owner Harry Ashley to manufacture electronic test equipment in kit form. His first product, advertised in the July 1946 Radio News, was the model 113 VTVM/audible signal tracer. A wide variety of test equipment remained the company's mainstay during the time it was in the electronics business, however Eico often augmented their product lines with what was thought fashionable. For example, in the late 1940s it offered Geiger counters in response to public interest in uranium prospecting. Sales by December 1956 were said to be over one million instruments. Their largest secondary market was audio equipment.
Eico produced hi-fi products in the early 1950s to the mid-1960s with a line of tuners, preamplifiers, and amplifiers, available both in kit form or fully assembled. The model Eico HF-81 integrated tube amplifier is just one of several highly regarded products manufactured by Eico during this period. Eico is also known for "monoblock" amplifiers such as the HF-50 and HF-35, stereo integrated amplifiers such as the ST-40 and ST-70, as well as many other amplifiers and preamplifiers.
In the late 1960s, EICO introduced a line of solid state electronics audio equipment referred to as "Cortina", but by the mid-1970s the only audio products they sold were kits manufactured for them in South Korea. EICO left the audio market in the late 1970s and the electronics market some time later. EICO existed as a property management company until 1999, when the company was liquidated at the request of the shareholders.

</doc>
<doc id="9839468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839468" title="Battle of Durazzo">
Battle of Durazzo

Battle of Durazzo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839520" title="Heterotrimeric G protein">
Heterotrimeric G protein

"G protein" usually refers to the membrane-associated heterotrimeric G proteins, sometimes referred to as the ""large" G proteins" (as opposed to the subclass of smaller, monomeric small GTPases) . These proteins are activated by G protein-coupled receptors and are made up of "alpha" (α), "beta" (β) and "gamma" (γ) subunits, the latter two referred to as the beta-gamma complex.
There are four main families of G proteins: Gi/Go, Gq, Gs, and G12.
Alpha subunits.
Reconstitution experiments carried out in the early 1980s showed that purified Gα subunits can directly activate effector enzymes. The GTP form of the α subunit of transducin (Gt) activates the cyclic GMP phosphodiesterase from retinal rod outer segments, and the GTP form of the α subunit of the stimulatory G protein (Gs) activates hormone-sensitive adenylate cyclase.
Gα subunits consist of two domains, the GTPase domain, and the alpha-helical domain.
There exist at least 20 different Gα subunits, which are separated into four main families. This nomenclature is based on their sequence homologies:
Beta-gamma complex.
The β and γ subunits are closely bound to one another and are referred to as the beta-gamma complex. Upon activation of the GPCR, the Gβγ complex is released from the Gα subunit after its GDP-GTP exchange.
Function.
The free Gβγ complex can act as a signaling molecule itself, by activating other second messengers or by gating ion channels directly.
For example, the Gβγ complex, when bound to histamine receptors, can activate phospholipase A2. Gβγ complexes bound to muscarinic acetylcholine receptors, on the other hand, directly open G protein-coupled inward rectifying potassium channels (GIRKs). They can also activate L-type calcium channels, as in H3 receptor pharmacology.

</doc>
<doc id="9839523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839523" title="Monarch of the Glen">
Monarch of the Glen

Monarch of the Glen or The Monarch of the Glen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839538" title="Confederation Mall">
Confederation Mall

Confederation Mall is a shopping mall located at 22nd Street and Circle Drive in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The mall was originally named Confederation Park Plaza when it opened in mid-1973, at which time its anchor tenants were Canada Safeway and Woolco. 
The mall was originally planned for a location on Saskatoon's east side, at the southwest corner of Clarence Avenue and Circle Drive, but in May 1972 Saskatoon City Council rejected the plan citing community concerns. As a result, the mall's developers looked to build on an alternate site on the city's west side. However plans for a mall in the area around what is now Confederation Park had existed at least as early as 1966.
In 1994, Woolco became Wal-Mart, and around this same time the mall underwent an expansion that added a food court and a new Safeway store; the original Safeway location became part of the food court with the remaining space used for a third anchor tenant, initially a branch of the Family Video home video rental chain, and later Petland. Other stores include clothing stores, electronics, services, florist, banks and jewelers. 
In the summer of 2009, a new Wal-Mart was constructed in a new power centre commercial area in the Blairmore Suburban Centre several kilometres west of Confederation Mall; the one in the mall closed and in 2010 was renovated to house a Canadian Tire (with Mark's Work Wearhouse) that opened in 2011 (in turn, the new Canadian Tire replaced a standalone location that had operated in the nearby Plaza 22 shopping centre since the 1970s). Canadian Tire/Mark's is a stand-alone store and is not accessible from inside the mall. A new McDonalds opened up in early spring of 2012, standing on the corner where an old Esso station once stood. In fall 2012, a location of Winners was added as a new anchor store, taking the place of several former retailers. As of summer 2013, the mall has a large number of vacancies.

</doc>
<doc id="9839540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839540" title="Walda Heywat">
Walda Heywat

Walda Heywat (fl. 17th century), also called Metku, was an Ethiopian philosopher.
Biography.
Walda Heywat was the student of Zera Yacob, whose work he continued in his "Treatise of Walda Heywat", written in Ge'ez. Walda Heywat was the son of Habta Egziabher (called Habtu), a friend of Zera Yacob in the town of Emfraz, where Zera Yacob spent the second part of his life. Zera Yacob was the teacher of the sons of Habtu and introduced Walda Heywat to his philosophy.
It was Walda Heywat for whom Zera Yacob wrote his "Treatise of Zera Yacob", describing both his life and his thoughts.

</doc>
<doc id="9839563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839563" title="Afton Alps">
Afton Alps

Afton Alps is a ski resort, which hosts a collection of ski and snowboard trails, located along the St. Croix River in the northeast corner of Denmark Township, Washington County, south of Afton, Minnesota in the United States. There are nearly skiable at Afton Alps. The resort has of vertical drop. The Alps often utilize artificial snow for maintaining the slopes. A total of 48 trails and 18 chairlifts are used throughout the ski resort. There are a total of 5 chalets, including the Meadows Chalet, the Highlands Chalet, the Alpine Chalet, and the Alps Chalet. During the summer Afton Alps runs an eighteen hole golf course and a mountain bike trail.
On December 6, 2012 it was announced that Afton Alps has been sold to Vail Resorts of Colorado.
Winter Activities.
The following are activities included at Afton Alps:

</doc>
<doc id="9839575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839575" title="Jonathan Coulton discography">
Jonathan Coulton discography

This is the discography of singer/songwriter Jonathan Coulton.

</doc>
<doc id="9839640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839640" title="It's Not About the Bike">
It's Not About the Bike

"It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life" is a 2000 autobiographical book by American cyclist Lance Armstrong with Sally Jenkins. 
The book was written shortly after Armstrong had won the 1999 Tour de France: he went on to win it six further times in successive years, establishing a record. In 1996, he had been diagnosed with testicular cancer, which spread to his lungs, abdomen and brain, and was only given a 40 percent chance of living. This disrupted his career, but his success on his return prompted elements in the media to accuse him of doping. In light of the revelations made by the USADA investigation in 2012, the passages about doping in the book are doubtful.
The book covers his story from childhood to the 1999 Tour, and the birth of his first child. A subsequent autobiographical instalment, entitled "Every Second Counts" and also with Sally Jenkins as co-author, continues the narrative until his 2003 Tour victory.
Plot.
In 1993, 21 year old Lance Armstrong becomes World Cycling Champion. In Austin, Texas, four years later on October 2, 1996, at age 25, Armstrong is diagnosed with testicular cancer with metastasis to the lungs and abdomen. On October 3, Dr Jim Reeves removes Armstrong's diseased testicle. On October 5, after banking sperm, Armstrong begins chemotherapy. The first chemo cycle Armstrong undergoes is BEP.
After receiving a letter from and talking to an oncologist, Steve Wolff, with events Armstrong discovers that the cancer has also spread to his brain. After Dr Wolff suggests Armstrong to get an opinion from Dr Lawrence Einhorn—the foremost expert on testicular cancer—Armstrong went to the Indiana University medical center in Indianapolis. He decides to receive the rest of his treatment there. On October 25, Armstrong's brain lesions are removed by Dr Scott Shapiro. For the three remaining chemo cycles Armstrong is given an alternative protocol, VIP, by Craig Nichols—the primary oncologist. Armstrong completes chemotherapy on December 13, 1996, and by February 1997, he is declared cancer-free.
In 1997, Armstrong also launches the Lance Armstrong Foundation to support those battling cancer. On May 8, 1998, he marries Kristen Richard. In 1999 their first child, Luke David Armstrong, is born.

</doc>
<doc id="9839663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839663" title="William Cline Borden">
William Cline Borden

William Cline Borden (1858–1934) was an American surgeon who was a key planner behind the Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
According to the medical center website, Borden "was the initiator, planner and effective mover for the creation, location, and first Congressional support of the Medical Center." For this reason, it is still referred to today as "Borden's Dream." 
In 1909 Borden was named Dean of the School of Medicine and Health Sciences at The George Washington University. He was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from that institution in 1931.
In 1992, the Center of Excellence in Military Medical Research and Education name was renamed the Borden Institute in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9839687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839687" title="Eventually">
Eventually

Eventually is the second solo album that Paul Westerberg released after the breakup of The Replacements.
The album started out in Atlanta with producer Brendan O'Brien. Although those sessions produced good results—the leadoff single, "Love Untold", among them—Westerberg and O'Brien parted ways. O'Brien was pressed for time, and Westerberg needed more time to write enough songs to fill out a full album. Westerberg regrouped with Lou Giordano.
The song "Good Day" was written for late Replacements guitarist Bob Stinson. It references "Hold My Life", a track from the album "Tim".
Track listing.
All songs written by Paul Westerberg, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="9839697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839697" title="Jim Fields">
Jim Fields

James Wallace Fields is an American film director, producer, playwright and actor. Fields wrote, produced and directed the movies "416", "Saving The Indian Hills", "Preserve Me A Seat", "Plain Living" and, most recently "Bugeaters", currently in production. Prior to his film work, Fields wrote and directed the musical comedy "Little Red" and the play "Scarlett Fever". 
Fields is a nationally known independent filmmaker who has championed issues of concern to the Midwest and of film lovers in general. He is the owner of the independent film production company Apartment 101 Films.
Early life.
James Wallace Fields was born in Omaha, Nebraska, in September 1958. Fields was educated in the Omaha public schools. Starting in his childhood, Fields took an intense interest in film. An early photograph that appears in "Saving The Indian Hills" depicts Fields at age 16, standing in front of the "Indian Hills Theater", which housed the largest indoor movie screen ever constructed. Designed by the architect "Richard L. Crowther", the "Cinerama" theater was considered his greatest achievement. Its unique curved screen provided a 3-D effect that caused moviegoers to feel themselves immersed in the film—especially wide screen movies such as "Lawrence of Arabia", "Dr. Zhivago" and "Star Wars".
Early career.
After graduating from the University of Nebraska, Fields wrote the play "Little Red" about the 'Bugeaters', a 1915 University of Nebraska football team that went on to become the Cornhuskers. Fields himself produced and directed "Little Red" in Omaha. The success of his first play led Fields to write, produce and direct "Scarlett Fever", a dramatic play about a 76-year-old woman who wakes up one day and believes she is Scarlett O'Hara from "Gone with the Wind".
The success of "Scarlett Fever" led Fields to acquire his first digital video equipment which he used to produce and direct his first feature film: "Plain Living".
"Saving The Indian Hills".
In 2001 Fields found himself swept up in a brewing controversy in Omaha. The aforementioned "Indian Hills Theater" was sold to Methodist Health Systems, which announced its intention to demolish the theater for a parking lot. A group of Omaha activists formed to save the "Indian Hills Theater" and Fields was on hand, filming. The preservation fight became a cause célébre, resulting in letters from Hollywood legends pleading for the theater. Such legends included "Kirk Douglas", "Leonard Maltin", "Charlton Heston", "Janet Leigh", "Ray Bradbury" and "Patricia Neal". Despite these pleas and a recommendation for the theater as a city landmark by the City of Omaha's Landmarks Preservation Commission, Methodist Health Systems began demolition of the theater shortly after the theater had been declared a landmark.
"416".
The movie "416" is named after Initiative 416, Nebraska's referendum banning same-sex marriage. Fields takes a balanced approach to the issue as he plays the initiative's backers against Nebraskans who oppose the measure, which passed with support from 71% of Nebraska voters. "416" purported to give an objective view of the issue but most reviewers suggested the film was highly critical of the religious right.
"Preserve Me A Seat".
Although the activists did not succeed in saving the theater, Fields captured their tumultuous efforts on film and this resulted in two films: "Saving The Indian Hills" and footage that later became the core of "Preserve Me A Seat". The later film enlarges the focus of "Saving The Indian Hills" to the entire United States. It presents the story of the "Indian Hills Theater Preservation Society", the Omaha group that formed to save the theater, in context with the companion stories of similar groups that formed in other cities with the intention of saving their own theater palaces from the wrecking ball. Because of the controversy surrounding its "Indian Hills Theater" elements, the film's premier faced long delays while litigation got resolved. The world premiere occurred in Grand Island, NE Nebraska. After the feature a lively panel discussion occurred featuring the film-makers and theater developer, Paul Warshauer. The common thread of the theater preservation efforts within "Preserve Me A Seat" is their lack of success. 
This film has seen wide distribution at film festivals across the country.
"Bugeaters".
Fields' latest work is a documentary film about the 1890 University of Nebraska football team, entitled "Bugeaters".
Work as a producer.
As is common with independent producer/directors, Fields has produced all of his works.
Themes.
Much of Fields' oeuvre presents the struggle of the common man against entrenched power. His movies portray ordinary people engaged in extraordinary battles in which their lack of power does not equate with a lack of passion.
Awards.
Fields' film "416" was chosen as Best Feature in the Central Nebraska Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9839711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839711" title="Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana">
Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana

The Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana (; ) was a road cycling stage race held in the Valencian Community ("Comunitat Valenciana"), Spain. Its position in the cycling calendar means it is often used as preparation for the spring classics or the grand tours which take place later in the season.
No editions of the race have been held since 2008 because of funding issues. An attempt to revive it for the 2010–11 UCI Europe Tour was unsuccessful, but organisers are considering an edition for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9839753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839753" title="2000 Pennsylvania Avenue">
2000 Pennsylvania Avenue

2000 Pennsylvania Avenue, also known as The Shops at 2000 Penn and Red Lion Row, is a shopping center and eight-story office complex located on Pennsylvania Avenue, NW in Washington, D.C. It forms a busy gateway into the main campus of the George Washington University.
History.
The office building was constructed between 1982 and 1983, and incorporates row houses constructed between 1831 and 1896. As the 2000 Block of Eye Street, NW, the houses were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The oldest homes were located on a block bordered by H, I, 20th, and 21st Streets, NW; who designed and built them is unknown. The thirteen buildings were joined together during construction of the shops and office building; some of their original materials were retained for the finished product. Work began on the complex on December 28, 1982; it was named on October 19, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9839766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839766" title="1999 Minnesota Vikings season">
1999 Minnesota Vikings season

The year 1999 was the 39th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 80th regular season of the National Football League.
After going 15–1 in 1998 the Vikings began the 1999 season with high hopes of another great season. Randall Cunningham resumed duties again in 1999, but after a lukewarm 2–4 start, Jeff George was given the starting job. He finished the season with an 8–2 record, and led the Vikings into the postseason once again, with an overall team record of 10–6. Minnesota beat Dallas in the wild card game 27–10, and faced playoff newcomer Kurt Warner and the St. Louis Rams in the Divisional matchup. The game was a shootout which Minnesota led 17–14 at halftime, but the Rams outscored Minnesota 35 to 20 in the second half to win 49–37. St. Louis would go on to win Super Bowl XXXIV.

</doc>
<doc id="9839776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839776" title="Lotus Coffman">
Lotus Coffman

Lotus Delta Coffman was the fifth president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1920 until his death in office on September 22, 1938. Coffman Memorial Union, the main student center, is named in his memory.
Career overview.
Lotus Delta Coffman, son of Mansford Coffman and Laura Davis, was born 7 January 1875 in Salem, Indiana. He married in Salem on 28 December 1899 to Mary Emma Farrell born 12 September 1877 Paoli, Indiana, daughter of William H.H.P. Farrell & his first wife Mary A. Wible. Coffman was a graduate of Salem High School in 1892 and a graduate of Indiana Normal School at Terre Haute, in 1896, where he played quarterback on the football team. He earned an AB degree from Indiana University, 1906; an AM degree there, 1910; a Ph.D. at Columbia, NY, 1911. He later received a LLD from Indiana University and from Carleton College in 1922; a LLD from Columbia University, 1929 & a LLD from the University of Michigan, 1931; a LHD from University of Denver, 1930 and a DS degree in education from George Washington University, 1930.
Coffman was principal of Salem, Indiana schools from 1900-1903; Superintendent of Salem schools 1903-1906; superintendent of Connersville School 1906-1908; director of training at Charleston, Illinois Normal School 1908-1912; dean of education at the University of Illinois 1912-1915; Dean of the College of Education at the University of Minnesota 1915-1920; and President of the University of Minnesota 1920-1938. As a youth he wanted to be a bareback rider in a circus, wearing bright red and riding a white horse.
He was a visiting professor for the Carnegie Endowment for National Peace to New Zealand and Australia 1931; visiting lecturer at the University of the Philippines 1932; member of the National Board of Education to do research in Russia and visit Poland & Germany; was a consultant to the US Department of Interior on a Land Grant College Survey 1928-1930; and advisor to the Surgeon General on education of disabled soldiers during WWI.
He started at the University of Minnesota with a $12,000 annual salary. The University then had 8,200 students on campus. There was $6.5 million spent on maintenance of the campus annually. The School of Education enrolled 600 and had 50 faculty members. The Music School building was under construction in 1920. After 10 years as president, the University's property values had increased more than 100%; the budget increased 68%; enrollment increased 60% in undergraduate classes and over 100% in graduate studies; staff increased from 479 to 825 with 25% having the rank of professor—becoming the third largest university in the US. During Coffman's time the Memorial Stadium was built, Northrop Auditorium & the Library were added; and the Mayo brothers (Wm J. & Charles H.) gave the University $2 million for endowment of the Mayo Foundation for Graduate Medical Study and Research.
After a year's leave of absence due to a heart attack at his summer home in Battle Lake, Minnesota in July 1937, he resumed his job in July 1938. Coffman died on September 23, 1938.
Opening in 1940, Coffman Memorial Union on the University of Minnesota's Minneapolis campus is named in honor of President Coffman.

</doc>
<doc id="9839805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839805" title="Bongolava">
Bongolava

Bongolava is a region in Madagascar. The capital of the region is Tsiroanomandidy. It had an estimated population of 326,600 in 2004.
Geography.
The region is situated in central-western Madagascar. It is bordered by Betsiboka, Melaky, Menabe, Vakinankaratra, Itasy and Analamanga. The altitude ranges from to .
Administrative sub-division.
The region is divided into two districts, namely Fenoarivobe District with the capital Fenoarivobe and Tsiroanomandidy District with the capital Tsiroanomandidy, and 24 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="9839820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839820" title="LB&amp;SCR E1 class">
LB&amp;SCR E1 class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway E1 Class were 0-6-0T steam locomotives designed by William Stroudley in 1874 for short-distance goods and piloting duties. They were originally classified E, and generally known as "E-tanks"; They were reclassified E1 in the time of D. E. Marsh.
Construction and use.
The first six locomotives of this useful and long-lived class were built at Brighton and appeared in traffic between September 1874 and March 1875. They performed well and further orders were placed at regular intervals until December 1891 when the class consisted of eighty locomotives and were used throughout the LBSCR system, principally for goods and shunting, but occasionally for secondary passenger duties.
In 1884 Stroudley also built one example of the class (No. 157 Barcelona) with a larger boiler and "Gladstone"-type cylinders with valves underneath to work on the steeply-graded lines between Eastbourne and Tunbridge Wells. This "Special E-tank" was withdrawn in 1922.
Rebuilds and withdrawals.
After 1894/5 the class gradually began to be replaced by R.J. Billinton's radial tanks of the E3 and E4 classes. Withdrawals commenced in 1908 when one locomotive was broken up for spares, and others were withdrawn at intervals until May 1914, when the increased need for locomotives during the First World War meant that there were no further withdrawals. One locomotive (no.89) was rebuilt with a larger boiler by D. E. Marsh in 1911 and reclassified E1X and renumbered 89A. However this was rebuilt as an E1 in 1930 once the boiler was condemned.
Under Southern Railway (Great Britain) ownership, withdrawals continued during the 1920s, with some examples sold to industrial railways rather than scrapped. Eight examples were also rebuilt as 0-6-2 "radial" tank engines for use in the west of England. These were classified as E1/R.
Four E1s were also transferred for duties on the Isle of Wight in 1932 and 1933. They were renumbered W1-W4 and given names related to the Island.
Thirty examples survived the transfer of ownership to the Southern Region of British Railways in 1948 but during the 1950s they were gradually replaced by diesel shunters. The last survivor, BR no 32694, was allocated to Southampton Docks. It was withdrawn in July 1961 and scrapped at Eastleigh Works later that year.
Preservation.
One example, No. B110 (originally named "Burgundy)" was sold in 1927 to the Cannock and Rugeley Colliery Company. They gave it the number 9 and named it "Cannock Wood", and it worked their internal system until 1963.
After withdrawal it was bought for preservation and moved between several sites before restoration began in 1986 and it returned to action at the East Somerset Railway in 1993. It was withdrawn prematurely in 1997 requiring firebox and boiler repairs, and spent many years in pieces awaiting overhaul., although in 2011 it was cosmetically restored into (inauthentic) BR Black.
In 2012, B110 was sold to the Isle of Wight Steam Railway, in return for the move to the ESR of LMS Ivatt Class 2 no. 46447. The railway plans to restore the engine and run it as No. W2 "Yarmouth", which was an identity previously worn by one of the Isle of Wight based E1's.

</doc>
<doc id="9839822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839822" title="2000 Minnesota Vikings season">
2000 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2000 Minnesota Vikings season was the team's 40th season in the National Football League.
The season.
The team was led by first-year starting quarterback Daunte Culpepper and running back Robert Smith, who ran for a team record 1,521 yards and 7 touchdowns. The Vikings started out 7–0 and were 11–2 after 14 weeks, but slumped briefly, losing their last three to the Rams, Packers and Colts while Culpepper was hampered by injury.
Despite the rough patch, the Vikings would return to the playoffs again for the fifth straight year. After easily beating the Saints in the Divisional game 34–16, they were humiliated 41–0 by the New York Giants in the Conference Championship, and to top that, Robert Smith retired at the end of the year, after only playing eight NFL seasons.
40-year team.
The team recognized an all-time team in 2000 by announcing the 40th-season
all-time team. [http://prod.static.vikings.clubs.nfl.com/assets/docs/2010-media-guide.pdf]
VIKINGS 40TH SEASON ALL-TIME TEAM 1961–2000

</doc>
<doc id="9839829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839829" title="Gary Waters">
Gary Waters

Gary Steven Waters (born August 15, 1951) is an American college basketball coach and the current head men's basketball coach at Cleveland State University. Waters was named the 14th head basketball coach at Cleveland State University on April 6, 2006. Gary S. Waters is a Detroit, Michigan native and a 1969 graduate of Mackenzie High School; he is also a member of the Ferris State University Hall of Fame. He previously coached at Rutgers University, guiding the Scarlet Knights to the NIT tournament final in 2004. Waters announced his resignation from Rutgers on March 1, 2006. He officially resigned after he coached his last game for Rutgers on March 16, 2006. He is married to the former Bernadette Amos, with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="9839890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839890" title="Guy Stanton Ford">
Guy Stanton Ford

Guy Stanton Ford (May 9, 1873 – December 29, 1962) was the sixth president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1938 to 1941, professor of history and dean of the Graduate School since 1913. In November 1941 he became executive secretary of the American Historical Association in Washington, D.C. and Editor of American Historical Review (until 1953).
Ford's doctoral thesis (Columbia University, 1903) was entitled "Hanover and Prussia, 1795–1803. A Study in Neutrality". Before he went to the University of Minnesota, he was faculty member of the Yale University and the University of Illinois.
The annual Guy Stanton Ford Memorial Lecture is a public lecture by a distinguished scholar in any of many different fields.

</doc>
<doc id="9839896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839896" title="Project Steam">
Project Steam

Project Steam is a railway preservation society based in Dunedin, New Zealand. It is dedicated to the restoration of steam locomotives formerly operated by the New Zealand Railways Department, with its goal to restore at least one locomotive to main line operating conditions in order to operate excursions from Dunedin Railway Station. The society is currently the only one of its kind in Dunedin; the Ocean Beach Railway operates small tank locomotives but on private trackage, and the popular Taieri Gorge Limited is run solely by diesel locomotives.
The restoration of P 107, also using some parts from the remains of P 25, is currently the focus of Project Steam's efforts. The two locomotives were built in 1885 by Nasmyth, Wilson and Company, entered service in 1887, were withdrawn in 1928, and on 8 August 1932 were dumped in the Clutha River near Beaumont to protect the Roxburgh Branch from erosion. Their remains were recovered in May 1992, and as the frame of P 107 was in a better condition, it was chosen for restoration, with extra parts sourced from P 25, most notably its wheels, which were in better condition to P 107's.
During the celebration of the Dunedin Railway Station's centennial in October 2006, P 107 was displayed in partially rebuilt condition at the station. Funds are currently being raised for the next and most costly stage of the restoration, the reconstruction of P 107's boiler. The restoration is historically significant as the locomotive is one of, if not the earliest known surviving example of a British-built 2-8-0. Once fully restored, there are proposals to establish a regular service run by P 107 as a tourist attraction, such as a service modelled on the Kingston Flyer. It would run over the preserved track of the Otago Central Railway between Pukerangi and Middlemarch, connecting with the Taieri Gorge Railway's daily diesel-hauled services between Dunedin and Pukerangi.
Project Steam's first home was a location by the Leith Stream in central Dunedin. Later the group moved most of the restorable items to the Dunedin Gas Works, where the frame and wheels of P 107 were continued to be worked on while P 25's frame (cut into sections) could be found stored onsite. All other components such as spare wheels, old tender bodies and the boilers were moved to a field next to the Taieri Gorge Railway at Sutton. In 2008, with redevelopment occurring at the Gas Works necessitating the group's removal from the Gas Works, P 107 was shifted to Springfield and is now located at the Midland Railway Heritage Trust. It is understood that the group will continue to restore P 107 to operational order at Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9839904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839904" title="Variations in first-class cricket statistics">
Variations in first-class cricket statistics

Variations in first-class cricket statistics have come about because there is no official view of the status of cricket matches played before 1947. As a result, historians and statisticians have compiled differing lists of matches that they recognise as first-class. The problem is significant where it touches on some of the sport's major records and especially the playing career of W.G. Grace.
Concept and definition of first-class cricket.
The concept of first-class cricket originated in May 1894 at a meeting of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) committee and the secretaries of the clubs involved in the official County Championship, which had begun in 1890. As a result, those clubs became first-class from 1895 along with MCC, Cambridge University, Oxford University, major cricket touring teams and other teams designated as such by MCC.
First-class cricket was formally defined by the then Imperial Cricket Conference (ICC) in May 1947 as a match of three or more days' duration between two sides of eleven players officially adjudged first-class; the governing body in each country to decide the status of teams. Significantly, it was stated that "the definition does not have retrospective effect".
The absence of any ruling about matches played before 1947 (or before 1895 in Great Britain) has caused problems for cricket historians and especially statisticians. Matches that meet the official definitions, assuming they featured teams of the necessary high standard, have been recorded since 1697. It was inevitable that historians and statisticians would seek to apply first-class status retrospectively, in contravention of the ICC and MCC directives. The position is that each writer must compile his own list based on his personal opinions. As a result, significant differences may be observed in published statistical records with particular impact on the career records of W.G. Grace, Jack Hobbs and Herbert Sutcliffe. There are differences in the perceived status of certain matches played by Gloucestershire teams before the county club was formed in 1870 and by Somerset in 1879 and 1881.
One of the problems is that statisticians have tended not to publish their match lists with their findings. However, it should be noted that the "number" of differences is extremely small in terms of the sport's "overall" statistics. The status of pre-definition matches is primarily a "statistical" concern rather than a "historical" one. Historians record the importance of a match in contemporary terms regardless of statistical hindsight.
Development of scoring to 1895.
The problem of different versions is as old as cricket scorecards themselves. The earliest known scorecards are dated 1744 but very few were created (or have survived) between 1744 and 1772 when they became habitual.
The main source for scorecards since 1772 until the 1860s is Arthur Haygarth’s "Scores & Biographies", which was published in several volumes. Haygarth used a number of sources for his scorecards including many that were created by the Hambledon Club and MCC. He frequently refers to earlier compilers such as Samuel Britcher, W Epps and Henry Bentley. Haygarth often mentions in his match summaries that another version exists of the scorecard he has reproduced. Sometimes he outlines the differences which range from players' names to runs scored and even to apparent discrepancies in innings totals or match results.
Haygarth first mentions the difficulty of obtaining scorecards in his summary of the Hampshire v Surrey match at Broadhalfpenny Down on 26 August 1773:
Then, in his summary of the Surrey v Hampshire match at Laleham Burway on 6–8 July 1775:
He goes on to list a total of 13 differences between his two versions, some re dismissal details and others re scores. He then makes a highly pertinent comment:
In saying that, Haygarth has recognised the essence of the problem when there is no standard means of scoring and no centralised control over the system of capturing and storing the data. Scoring systems in the 18th century and most of the 19th century had nothing like the consistency of standard that was employed through the 20th century to the present. Many early cards gave no details of dismissal. Where dismissal was recorded, it was limited to the primary mode and so a fielder would be credited with a catch but the bowler would not be credited with the wicket unless he bowled out the batsman. MCC finally responded to the problem in 1836 when they decided to include in their own scorecards (i.e., for matches played at Lord's) the addition of bowlers' names when the dismissal was caught, stumped, lbw or hit wicket. Haygarth comments that "this was a vast improvement in recording the game and but justice to the bowler". As a result, scorecards became more detailed through the second half of the 19th century but reliability remained a problem and different versions continued to appear. It was some time before the MCC scorecard standard was adopted throughout the country and the inclusion of bowling analyses "was not introduced until several years afterwards". 
A greater problem surfaced after 1890 with the establishment of the County Championship because, as described above, this gave rise in 1895 to the concept of first-class cricket and so, for the first time, there was a perceived higher standard based on organisation of games in an official competition. Until then, everything had been somewhat "ad hoc" and playing standards was a term applied very liberally, especially with teams containing guest or occasional players in addition to recognised players.
Commencement of statistical records.
England.
The earliest mainstream publication of cricket statistics was done by members of the Lillywhite family. Frederick Lillywhite, son of William Lillywhite, first published his "Guide to Cricketers" in 1848. In 1865, his brother John published his "Cricketer's Companion" (known as "Green Lilly" on account of its cover). Two years later the two were amalgamated with the Companion "incorporating" the Guide. In 1872, their cousin James Lillywhite junior, started his "Cricketers' Annual" (known as "Red Lilly"). A further period of competition ensued until another amalgamation in 1880 created "John and James Lillywhite's Cricketer's Companion", still incorporating the "Guide". This survived until 1883 when James announced he was "now sole proprietor". After 1885, the "Companion" was incorporated with the "Annual", which continued until 1900.
In 1864, John Wisden introduced his "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" which, after an uncertain start, went on to become "the cricketers' Bible". Meanwhile, Arthur Haygarth published his "Scores and Biographies" for Frederick Lillywhite from 1862 to 1871 but these were not statistical as such, rather a record of known scorecards.
The concept of a first-class level of cricket seems to have taken hold in the 1860s, perhaps through the influence of the "Guide to Cricketers", and W.G. Grace certainly considered his matches in 1864 to have been first-class. But Grace's "first-class career" was effectively defined after his death when 
F.S. Ashley-Cooper compiled a season-by-season record which supplemented Grace's obituary in the 1916 "Wisden". This record became Grace's "traditional figures" and, as described later, was the statistical basis for the celebrations in 1925 when Jack Hobbs overtook the total of 126 career centuries that Ashley-Cooper had allocated to Grace.
"Playfair Cricket Annual" began in 1947 but followed "Wisden" in statistical terms. In 1951, Roy Webber published his "Playfair Book of Cricket Records" in 1951 and, in his introduction, expressed the view that first-class records should commence in 1864. A number of sources have agreed with this date. Webber then commenced a review of 19th century matches and later published his version of Grace's career record, declaring that Ashley-Cooper had allocated first-class status to a number of minor matches. 
Bill Frindall published "The Kaye Book of Cricket Records" in 1968 and subsequently several editions of his "Wisden Book of Cricket Records". As he explained in the preface to one of the "Wisden" editions, he favoured 1815 as the starting point for "proper" first-class cricket, though he conceded that there is a reasonable case for several other years, particularly Webber's 1864. Frindall thus included the entire roundarm era but also a substantial part of the underarm era. "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack", for which Frindall was the chief statistician, also commences its first-class records section in 1815.
Soon after the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians (ACS) was founded in 1973, Rowland Bowen was among the first to raise doubts in its journal that there could ever be a generally acknowledged list of first-class matches. In 1976, the ACS produced a booklet, "A Guide to First-class Cricket Matches played in the British Isles", outlining its view of the first-class matches played from 1864 to 1946. This was followed by booklets covering other countries and, in 1981, "A Guide to Important Cricket Matches played in the British Isles 1709–1863". From 1996, the ACS produced a further series of booklets giving complete scorecards of matches from 1801 that it now considered first-class. The ACS gave in its journal a number of reasons for taking its startpoint back from 1864 to 1801, among them an agreement with Frindall's view that standards of play during the roundarm era were as high as in the overarm era. The ACS disagreed with Frindall about 1815 because it wanted to include the full set of Gentlemen v Players fixtures that began in 1806. It chose 1801 as a date of convenience and thereby set up a division between the 18th and 19th centuries, which was contested by several people, including many ACS members, who recognised 1772 as the startpoint, given the availability of data in surviving scorecards from that season. In its spring 2006 journal, the ACS admitted that it could not decide upon its position "vis-à-vis" 18th century records because of "missing or incomplete scorecards". But it is by no means certain that there is a complete statistical record of matches between 1801 and 1825 either, especially given the loss of records in the catastrophic Lord's fire. Certainly, there are no complete bowling figures in that period, or until 1836, and the surviving scorecards are similar in standard and content to 18th century scorecards.
In 2005, scorecards and other details of all known matches prior to 1801 were loaded into the CricketArchive database and there classified as "major" or "minor" pending an overall accord with other sources about first-class status. "CricketArchive"’s major classification effectively stated a view that the matches concerned were first-class providing they were not single wicket, the other form of major cricket that was popular in the 18th century. In 2007, "Stumpsite" published its "Classification of cricket matches from 1697 to 1825", in which statistical first-class status began in 1772. Similar lists had already been published online and in the "Cricket Statistician" by the ACS. In early 2010, "CricketArchive" reorganised its classification of first-class matches to commence with the 1772 season. The handful of earlier scorecards, including the two in 1744, are arguably too isolated for inclusion. In this sense, the "statistical record" is divorced from the "historical record" which includes all significant matches, dating from 1697, for which no scorecard has survived. Contrary to Bowen's view, there is now a general accord, apart from a few matters of detail, in terms of statistical first-class status.
The issue with using any cut-off date as a startpoint is that it excludes everything before that date despite cricket's history making clear that there has been a continuous standard of top-class cricket in England since the late 17th century. It is true that none of the cricketers with large career totals played before 1864 (Webber's main reason for adopting that date) and so his startpoint was not really an issue in that context. But it does exclude numerous major players and it does affect other cricket records. If first-class cricket did not begin until 1864, then legendary cricketers like Richard Newland, John Small, William Beldham, Alfred Mynn and William Caffyn were not first-class players. Among records, the lowest known team score occurred in the 1810 match between All-England and The Bs (with Wells and Lawrell) when The Bs were dismissed for 6 in their second innings; and that match is not regarded as first-class by those statisticians who still use 1815 or 1864 as their statistical startpoint. The real significance of 1864 was the legalisation of overarm bowling but there is also evidence of a more structured approach to inter-county cricket which ultimately brought about the introduction of the official County Championship. 1864 was also the first year in which "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" was published and this is seen as the key source for cricket records, although there are plenty of earlier sources.
The problem with 1815, if the intention is to include roundarm, is that roundarm did not begin in any real sense until 1827 and was not legalised until 1835; and even then the Laws had to be reinforced in 1845 by removing the benefit of the doubt from the bowler in the matter of his hand’s height when delivering the ball. For most of the period from 1815 to 1845, underarm bowling continued to prevail and so 1815 as the startpoint was resisted by champions of the "underarm era" which had existed from time immemorial.
The fire at Lord's occurred on the night of Thursday 28 July 1825. The pavilion burned down and many invaluable and irreplaceable records were lost. It is believed that these included unique scorecards of early matches. The main difficulty encountered by researchers is the absence of match details from before the Lord's fire, and there are numerous matches in the 18th century which are known about in name only, with no scores having survived.
Other countries.
"CricketArchive" is clear about the first-class startpoints in other countries and these seem to be agreed by other sources:
W.G. Grace's career statistics.
Centuries.
The first-class career of W.G. Grace began in 1865 and continued through a record-equalling 44 seasons to 1908. There is general agreement about the status of his matches after the 1890 watershed but a measure of disagreement about the status of some of his earlier games. Grace's "original" career totals were compiled by F S Ashley-Cooper and added to his obituary in the 1916 Wisden.
The first statistician to make a significant challenge to these "accepted figures" was Roy Webber, who published the "Playfair Book of Cricket Records" in 1951. This deferred to the Wisden version re Grace. During the 1950s, Webber made a detailed study of Grace's career and in the February 1961 edition of "Playfair Cricket Monthly", he presented his own revised figures by excluding matches he did not regard as first-class.
In his later record books (e.g., "The Book of Cricket Records", concise edition, 1963), Webber quoted both versions, referring to the Wisden totals as the "accepted figures" and his own as the "corrected figures". But Webber excluded Grace's 1873 "double" to indicate that he preferred the "corrected figures". The same approach was used by Bill Frindall in his "Kaye Book of Cricket Records" published in 1968. Webber's "corrected figures" are based on a different matchlist to that subsequently created by the Association of Cricket Statisticians (ACS) in the 1970s. The differences here are that Webber includes the Gloucestershire match of 1868 but excludes two England v XIII of Kent matches played in 1878 and 1879. He excludes all five Gloucestershire v Somerset matches between 1882 and 1885 (see below).
The main issues arising from the disagreement about W.G. Grace’s career totals are: (a) when did Grace score his hundredth first-class century; (b) how many first-class centuries did he score; and (c) when did Jack Hobbs overtake his record total of first-class centuries?
At 1pm on 17 May 1895, in the Gloucestershire v Somerset match at County Cricket Ground, Bristol, Sammy Woods bowled a slow full toss, perhaps deliberately, which W.G. Grace dispatched to the boundary. Woods walked down the pitch and shook hands with the great man who had just completed his hundredth hundred, a century of centuries. It was an occasion for celebration: poems were written, commemorative plates were produced, Grace’s health was widely toasted. WG went on to make 126 career centuries.
At the time, it was widely if not universally accepted that Grace's list of centuries included a score of 152 in 1873 for the Gentlemen to Canada Touring Team v XV of MCC; and a score of 113 in 1879 for Gloucestershire v Somerset. Later statisticians have challenged the status of these two matches and have proposed that Grace in fact completed his hundredth first-class century for Gloucestershire v Middlesex at Lord's on 30 May 1895 when he scored 169. According to their statistics, WG's career total was 124, not 126.
On the morning of 17 August 1925, a Somerset v Surrey match was taking place at County Ground, Taunton. Jack Hobbs, 92 not out overnight, turned Jimmy Bridges to leg and completed his 126th first-class century to equal Grace's career record. Percy Fender brought out a wine glass for Hobbs to enjoy a celebratory drink (as he was a teetotaler, it is reputed that the glass contained only ginger ale). As Hobbs had been near to his century the previous evening, the press were present in large numbers. They departed with their stories and on the next day Somerset recovered from a first innings deficit of 192 to leave Surrey needing 183 to win. Andy Sandham, Hobbs' opening partner, was in no hurry and Hobbs reached his 127th and world record century with the winning runs to give Surrey victory by 10 wickets. Such was the unexpected nature of Somerset's recovery that only a small crowd was there to celebrate.
If W.G. Grace's alternative figures are applied, Hobbs had created the world record (i.e., his 125th century) on 20 July 1925 when he scored 105 for Surrey v Kent at Blackheath. Hobbs has never surrendered the world record and he went on to make 197 career centuries. Or 199, according to another version (see below).
Grace's career batting figures.
The table below summarises W.G. Grace's career figures with his original totals, as calculated by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, and his alternative totals, that now appear on CricketArchive:
The "extra" 15 innings took place over 10 matches, listed below with his scores in each innings, that were accepted as first-class during his career but have subsequently been challenged:
1916 Wisden totals.
Grace's "original" totals were compiled by F S Ashley-Cooper and added to his obituary in the 1916 "Wisden". The only comment there on which matches were regarded as first-class is given on page 96: 
Ashley-Cooper compiled Grace's batting averages to the end of the 1896 season and these were published in a series of articles in "Cricket: A Weekly Record of the Game" in late 1896 and early 1897. In the first article, Ashley-Cooper says:
It is interesting to note that, between this 1896 article and the 1916 obituary, Ashley-Cooper omits 3 matches played by Grace for the South Wales Cricket Club during its tour of the London area in the latter half of July 1865: 
Furthermore, Ashley-Cooper includes the Oxford University v Gentlemen of England match at Oxford in May 1866 which he had previously omitted.
This demonstrates that even after 1896 the career figures were sufficiently uncertain that he revised the list of first-class matches. It would have been difficult for Ashley-Cooper to include and exclude matches in which Grace scored a century but clearly the career run total was sufficiently uncertain that matches in which he did not score a century could be added or removed without much comment.
One aspect of Ashley-Cooper's analysis that must be questioned is his assertion that the performances of Grace in a certain match should be regarded as first-class but that performances by other players should not. Clearly, if a match is first-class, then all players taking part must have the game included in their own first-class records.
Incidentally, the 1896 "Wisden" includes Grace's career figures to the end of the 1895 season and this gives the same number of centuries as the 1916 edition but his season totals differ in some respects.
1868 match.
Gloucestershire matches are generally regarded as first-class from 1870 onwards. The 1869 edition of "John Lillywhite's Cricketer's Companion" ("aka" "Green Lilly") does not include the 1868 MCC v Gloucestershire match in Grace's first-class figures but Ashley-Cooper retrospectively chose to add it to his totals for the season.
1873 matches.
The 1873 games typify the loose manner in which statistics were compiled in those days. Grace's first-class batting aggregate for that season included his scores in the MCC matches against Hertfordshire and Staffordshire; and in the North v. South game at The Oval on 26 July. But his bowling in the same matches was ignored. The match on 26 July was in fact a one-day filler that was played because the scheduled three-day North v. South match had finished a day early on 25 July. It is questionable if fillers have ever been regarded as major or first-class matches.
Grace's 1873 first-class aggregate was originally published in the 1874 edition of "Green Lilly" which includes the matches quoted in Grace's batting totals but not in his bowling totals. In the 1916 obituary in "Wisden", Ashley-Cooper chose to add the wickets to Grace's bowling total rather than remove the runs from his batting total.
The inclusion of those wickets increased Grace's 1873 season bowling total to over 100 wickets and Ashley-Cooper realised that he had thereby manufactured the first-ever instance of a player performing the double. In all "Wisdens" before 1916, the records section has the first-ever double being performed by Grace in 1874.
Then, having included the three 1873 matches, Ashley-Cooper did the same with two similar matches in the 1872 season: Hertfordshire v MCC and another North v. South filler on 27 July. This is difficult to justify since these matches were not included in Grace's first-class totals that appear in the 1873 edition of "Green Lilly".
Another dubious match in 1873 is the one between an amateur team made up of those who had toured Canada and the USA in August and September 1872 and XV of the MCC. "Odds" matches are not usually regarded as first-class but there are exceptions, including two England v XIII of Kent matches played in 1878 and 1879, in which Grace took part. However, in the 1872 match, not only did the MCC team have 15 batsmen, they also had 15 players in the field. "Green Lilly" says: "Before the publication of the names of the respective sides there was every prospect of a match at once worthy of the Transatlantic celebrity of Mr Fitzgerald's team and the match-making sagacity of the Club Committee, but when the lists came out, not a few intending spectators of the contest made up their minds for a disappointment. There really did not appear on the side of the fifteen 'metal' enough to encourage the hope of a good fight".
Status of Somerset matches.
The remaining area of uncertainly relates to the status of Somerset CCC. Grace played a number of matches for Gloucestershire against Somerset between 1879 and 1885.
The 1879 and 1881 matches were not included in the first-class averages in "Green Lilly" or "James Lillywhite's Cricketers' Annual" ("aka" "Red Lilly"). In "Wisden" 1882, the editor states: "As it is, the untiring energy of the executive will be rewarded by seeing Somersetshire" (sic) "classed with the first-class counties in the coming season". This statement clearly indicates that "Wisden" did not regard Somerset as first-class in 1881. For the 1882 season both "Green Lilly" and "Red Lilly" include Grace's performance against Somerset in his first-class figures and "Wisden" remarks that "Somersetshire's debut among the first-class counties was disappointing".
Grace's scores against Somerset in 1883 are included in his first-class totals in "Green Lilly" and "Red Lilly" and similarly his scores in 1885 are included in "Red Lilly" first-class totals, "Green Lilly" having ceased publication by that time. "Cricket: A Weekly Record of the Game" differs from the annuals and excludes Somerset from its first-class averages for the seasons 1882 to 1885. The Somerset games that involved Grace from 1882 to 1885 were:
"CricketArchive" has Somerset as first-class between 1882 and 1885 but not before then. Ashley-Cooper chose to classify the 1879 and 1881 Somerset matches as first-class and "Wisden" has continued to include these matches in Grace's totals.
It is worth noting that until publication of the ACS lists in the 1970s, Somerset's own publications had treated the club as first-class only since its entry into the County Championship in 1891. Since the ACS published its lists, Somerset's publications have included the matches between 1882 and 1885 as first-class but not those before 1882.
Grace's career bowling figures.
Although not so controversial, there are also different versions of Grace's career bowling figures. In the 1916 "Wisden" obituary, his figures are 51,545 runs conceded, 2864 wickets + 12 wickets taken in innings where the runs conceded is not known, resulting in an average of 17.99. For some unknown reason the modern publications using these totals have added the wickets totals together (i.e. 2876) and give a resulting average of 17.92. The 2006 "Playfair Cricket Annual" is particularly confusing in this regard as for Alfred Shaw the wicket total is given as 2026+1, indicating the 1 wicket where the runs conceded is not known.
The "Cricket Archive" totals are 50,980 runs conceded and 2809 wickets taken. Many of the differences are because of the exclusion of the 10 matches listed above, in which he took 68 wickets (including all 12 of the wickets taken in innings where the runs conceded are not known). There are however a number of instances where the bowling figures differ from those used by Ashley-Cooper. Three of these result in changes to the number of wickets taken:
Jack Hobbs.
The situation with Jack Hobbs is simpler than with Grace and relates to a match for The Reef v MCC during the tour of South Africa in 1909–10; and the tour of India and Ceylon by the Maharajkumar of Vizianagram's team in 1930-31. He did not score a century in the 1909–10 match but scored two in the 1930-31 tour.
Given that he was near the end of his career in 1930-31, his centuries total is subject to variation from this time only, when he had already scored over 170 centuries. Therefore, the date of his 100th century is uncontested and the date on which he passed Grace's total of centuries is only affected by different versions of Grace’s own centuries total.
The table below summarises Jack Hobbs' career figures with his original totals, as calculated by "Wisden", and his alternative totals, that now appear on "CricketArchive":
The Reef v MCC 1909–10.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures include this match. "CricketArchive" does not. Hobbs scored 39 and 31.
"Wisden" 1931 (part 1, page 329) states:
"Wisden" therefore decided to ignore the ruling and has continued to recognise this match as first-class. "Playfair" also recognises the match but other sources including "CricketArchive" have accepted the SABC ruling and do not recognise it. It is possible that the SABC thought it was a 2 day match, but "Wisden" 1911 clearly states that "not a ball could be bowled on the first and fourth days" so it was actually planned as a 4 day match.
1930-31 tour of India and Ceylon.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures exclude this tour. "CricketArchive" includes it. Hobbs played in 9 matches with 12 innings, 1 not out, 593 runs, 2 centuries. See below re Herbert Sutcliffe.
An MCC tour of India was planned for 1930-31 but due to civil disturbances it was cancelled. The Maharajkumar of Vizianagram ("aka" Vizzy) determined to organise his own tour which included many of India's principal players. In addition, Jack Hobbs and Herbert Sutcliffe were engaged. The matches were not reported in "Wisden" and are not included in its career totals for either Hobbs or Sutcliffe. At the time, "Wisden" rarely reported on Indian cricket except for the Bombay Tournament. Vizzy's team also toured Ceylon and played 3 three-day matches that were similarly disregarded by "Wisden". They were however prominently featured in "The Cricketer" Spring Annual for 1932. In these matches, Jack Hobbs scored two centuries in Ceylon while Herbert Sutcliffe scored one century in India and one in Ceylon.
Other cricketers.
Although the variations in career totals are most significant in the cases of Grace and Hobbs, there are differences for many other players too. Clearly the inclusion or exclusion of matches noted above affects the totals of all cricketers playing in these matches and there are other matches where there is disagreement regarding their first-class status. As described above, the sport's early scorecards often show differences in match details which lead to different totals. This is more common with bowling and fielding figures.
A detailed comparison of differences between various publications was produced by Philip Bailey in 1987.
Batting.
Of those who scored 35,000 first-class runs the following are affected.
Liverpool and District v Yorkshire 1892.
This is ranked as first-class by some sources, as are other Liverpool v Yorkshire matches between 1887 and 1894, but this particular match was not reported by contemporary publications. "Playfair" and "Wisden" figures exclude this match. "CricketArchive" includes it.
Surrey v Essex at Leyton 1896.
"Wisden" 1897 and "CricketArchive" have different scorecard data. In the Surrey second innings, "Wisden" has Bobby Abel 4 and Tom Hayward 8 while "CricketArchive" has Abel 8 and Hayward 4.
The Reef v MCC 1909–10.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures include this match. "CricketArchive" does not. See above re Jack Hobbs.
1922-23 Indian domestic season.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures exclude these matches. "CricketArchive" includes them.
1930–31 tour of India and Ceylon.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures exclude this tour. "CricketArchive" includes it. See above re Jack Hobbs.
Bowling.
Of those who have taken 2,000 first-class wickets, the following are affected (this is limited to differences in the games played or wickets taken).
Liverpool and District v Yorkshire 1892.
See above. "Playfair" and "Wisden" figures exclude this match. "CricketArchive" includes it.
The Reef v MCC 1909–10.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures include this match. "CricketArchive" does not.
1917–18 Indian domestic season.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures include Bengal Governor's XI v Maharaja of Cooch-Behar's XI. "CricketArchive" does not.
1918–19 Indian domestic season.
"Playfair" and "Wisden" figures include Bengal Governor's XI v Maharaja of Cooch-Behar's XI and MC Bird's XI v Maharaja of Cooch-Behar's XI. "CricketArchive" does not.
1922–23 Indian domestic season.
See above. "Playfair" and "Wisden" figures exclude these matches. "CricketArchive" includes them.
Other differences.
White's difference is sourced to Somerset v Surrey at Recreation Ground (Bath) in 1920. In the second innings, "Wisden" has Bill Hitch b White while "CricketArchive" has him b Jimmy Bridges.
International cricket.
Test cricket officially began in March 1877 but the term was applied retrospectively to the early matches and there have been instances of retrospective recognition since. A key point is that Test cricket is a form of first-class cricket but is a different form of competition within the concept to, say, the County Championship or the Ranji Trophy. Although several international matches had taken place before 1890, it was not until then that the term "Test cricket" was coined by the Australian cricket chronicler Clarence Moody when compiling a list of matches in his "Australian Cricket and Cricketers". Moody's list gained approval in Australia and was then accepted by the leading English authority, C. W. Alcock, who quoted it in "Cricket".
Retrospective Test status has been granted to the West Indies v England series in 1929–30 and the 1945–46 match at Basin Reserve, Wellington between New Zealand and Australia. Conversely, the 1970 series between England and a Rest of the World XI was initially presented as a Test series but this status was later rescinded.
The ICC maintains lists of matches that it regards as first-class or ListA. Generally, these are in agreement with "CricketArchive" but they exclude the unofficial Tests played in the rebel tours of South Africa in the 1970s and 1980s. On the other hand, the limited over internationals played in these tours are recognised as ListA.

</doc>
<doc id="9839923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839923" title="2001 Minnesota Vikings season">
2001 Minnesota Vikings season

2001 was the 41st year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 82nd regular season of the National Football League.
Tragedy struck the Minnesota Vikings in the summer of 2001, when Offensive Lineman Korey Stringer died of heat stroke in training camp in Mankato, Minnesota. Although Minnesota has a reputation for cold weather, in late July and early August it can be brutally hot.
The 2001 season started off with a 24–13 home loss to the Carolina Panthers (This would be Carolina's only win of the season; they finished 1–15). Over the next sixteen weeks, wins for Minnesota were few and far between. They did not win on the road at all during this season. Some season highlights included a 35–13 win over the rival Green Bay Packers in week six, and a week ten victory over the Giants in which Randy Moss pulled in 10 receptions for 171 yards and 3 touchdowns leading to a 28–16 victory. But despite having a 12th ranked offense, their defense was in the bottom five, and the Vikings finished 5–11.
After the disappointing season, the Vikings bought out the contract of Dennis Green, who had become a polarizing force in the Viking fan base despite his successful coaching tenure with the team. Mike Tice coached the final game of 2001, losing to the Ravens.

</doc>
<doc id="9839940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839940" title="Blelack">
Blelack

Blelack (from Scottish Gaelic: "Blàth Bholg") is a place in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, the location of Blelack House, a Scottish mansion house with origins in the seventeenth century.
So goes the apparent curse on the Laird of Blelack House for instigated on exorcism on the “Fairies” resident in the Seely Howe the location Blelack House, Howe being a hollow or Glen. The “Cold” Hill O’ Fare is near Banchory some miles further down the Dee valley, Dool is the Doric dialect term roughly equivalent to Doom. For a couple of centuries the lairds did not seem to enjoy any particular good fortune, seemingly ending up always on the losing side. 
Blelack House is situated 30 miles west of Aberdeen, near the village of Logie Coldstone, 3 miles north of the River Dee in the Cromar, a basin of agricultural land carved out of the Grampian foothills. Blelack is an anglicization of the Gaelic Baile ailich meaning “village of the stone house”. The prefix “Ble...” is found in the Outer Hebrides with regard to translations of gaelic place names beginning Baile, in Ireland this would be “Bally...” . 
The Royal Deeside area was historically within the Earldom of Mar, and the Blelack estate belonged to a branch of the powerful Clan Gordon. In 1620 an “Alexander Gordoune” of Blelack is referred to in “The Records of Aboyne”, and the location is shown on a Map of 1654. It is difficult to tell if the presence of a stone house here is earlier. Typical of such mansion houses, there is a nearby farm and a mill, both of similar age, and built of the distinctive local pink granite. 
There are, confusingly, two dates engraved onto the façade of the building, 1881 and 1892. There is some evidence that the current Blelack House is older, and these are renovation dates. Blelack House was burnt down in retribution after the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745. The young laird, Charles Gordon, fought for Bonnie Prince Charlie, and was closely associated with several of the rebellion's leaders. The new mansion house was built on the present site in 1753. The building suffered an accidental fire later in 1868 and was rebuilt and remodelled the following year. We can only speculate on the extent of the changes to the house over the centuries; the current building seems to pre-date the Mock Baronial style of the later nineteenthth century. During the Victorian era Blelack ceased to be the laird’s seat and was used as a shooting lodge. In WWII pupils from Albyn School for girls in Aberdeen were evacuated to the house. The building was split up into separate flats in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9839953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839953" title="Walter Coffey">
Walter Coffey

Walter Coffey (1876–1956) was the seventh president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1941 to 1945.
Early years.
Coffey was raised in Hartsville, Indiana and worked with his father as a sheep herder where he began to grow a strong interest in animal husbandry.
Education and career.
He received a degree from Franklin College and began teaching in Indiana Schools for six years. He latter went to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and took position as herdsman. Coffey realized that the university needed somebody to teach sheep raising and took full advantage of this opportunity. He then offered to teach the program and eventually worked his way from a student, to a graduate student, to a professor. 

</doc>
<doc id="9839966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839966" title="James Fuller">
James Fuller

James or Jim Fuller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9839972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839972" title="Harriet Records">
Harriet Records

Harriet Records was an American independent record label based out of Cambridge, Massachusetts. The label was founded by Harvard history professor Tim Alborn in 1989. The majority of Harriet's releases were indie pop 7" vinyl singles, but eventually they started releasing full length CDs. Harriet is a bit legendary in the indie world for giving a number of notable artists their start. John Darnielle, Wimp Factor 14, My Favorite, Crayon, Six Cents and Natalie, Vehicle Flips, Tullycraft, and The Magnetic Fields all released early records on Harriet. After forty-five singles and ten CDs Harriet shut its doors in 1998.
Entire Harriet Discography.
1 High Risk Group - Flag (7") Nov 1989<br>
2 Fertile Virgin - Lucky Day (7") May 1990<br>
3 Linda Smith - Gorgeous Weather (7") May 1990<br>
4 Scarlet Drops - Sweet Happiness (7") Sep 1990<br>
5 Wimp Factor 14 - Train Song (7") Mar 1991<br>
6 High Risk Group - Daddy Rolex (7") Mar 1991<br>
7 The Magnetic Fields - 100,000 Fireflies (7") Sep 1991<br>
8 Pop Smear - Angel Talk (7") Sep 1991<br>
9 Crayon - Matchbox (7") Sep 1991<br>
10 Mecca Normal - How Many Now (7") Jan 1992<br>
11 Scarlet Drops - Cling (7") Jun 1992<br>
12 Crayon - Moominland (7") Jun 1992<br>
13 Pinky - I'm on the Inside (7") Aug 1992<br>
14 Six Cents and Natalie - Boyfriends (7") Aug 1992<br>
15 Wimp Factor 14 - Botch (7") Oct 1992<br>
16 High Risk Group - Pulsed (7") Oct 1992<br>
17 The Magnetic Fields - Long Vermont Roads (7") Dec 1992<br>
18 Lotus Eaters US - Falling (7") Feb 1993<br>
19 Crayon - The Snaptight Wars (7") Aug 1993<br>
20 Twig - Fall of Love (7") May 1993<br>
21 Ampersands - Postcards (7") Oct 1993<br>
22 The Extra Glenns - Infidelity (7") Nov 1993<br>
23 Wimp Factor 14 - Miracle Mile (7") Oct 1993<br>
24 Bagpipe Operation - Mt. Lavaty (7") Mar 1994<br>
25 Pest - Philosophically Dyslexic (7") Mar 1994<br>
26 Lotus Eaters US - Too Late (7") May 1994<br>
27 Split-Release - Harriet Split Single (7") May 1994<br>
29 Vehicle Flips - Our Returning Champion (7") Nov 1994<br>
29 My Pretty Finger - A Season of Light (7") May 1995<br>
30 Tullycraft - True Blue (7") May 1995<br>
31 The Receptionists - Keep Your Secrets (7") Jul 1995<br>
33 Hula Boy - January 17, 1912 (7") Jul 1995<br>
34 Ampersands - Annabel Bleach (7") Nov 1996<br>
35 My Favorite - The Informers And Us (7")<br>
36 Prickly - Fancy Party Hairdo (7") Apr 1996<br>
37 Caramel - My Tailor Is Rich (7") 1996<br>
38 Vehicle Flips - Terminus (7") 1997<br>
39 Orans - Windfall (7") 1997<br>
40 Split-Release - Tullycraft / Rizzo (7") 1997<br>
41 Tokidoki - News Days (7") 1997<br>
42 Split-Release - My Favorite / Mad Planets (7") 1998<br>
43 Pest 5000 - Page 43 (7") 1998<br>
44 Shy Camp - Call in Sick (7") 1998<br>
45 The Cannanes - A Fine Line between Pleasure and Pain (7") 1998<br>
SPY 1 Wimp Factor 14 - Ankle Deep (CD) Aug 1993<br>
SPY 2 Crayon - Brick Factory (CD) Mar 1994<br>
SPY 3 Various Artists - The Long Secret (CD) Jan 1995<br>
SPY 4 Vehicle Flips - In Action (CD) Sep 1995<br>
SPY 5 Tullycraft - Old Traditions, New Standards (CD)(LP on Little Teddy Recordings) 1996<br>
SPY 6 Prickly - Velleity (CD) 1997<br>
SPY 7 Linda Smith - Preference: Selected Songs, 1987-1991 (CD) 1997<br>
SPY 8 Hula Boy - As Tight as an Owl (CD) 1997<br>
SPY 9 Musical Chairs - Wits' End (CD) 1998<br>
SPY 10 Various Artists - Friendly Society (CD) 1998

</doc>
<doc id="9839973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839973" title="Lee Gonzales">
Lee Gonzales

Lee Gonzales (born 1950) is a politician from the State of Michigan. He is a Democratic Party member and the former Michigan State Representative. He represents the 49th District, which is located in Genesee County and includes part of the city of Flint.
Early life.
Gonzales received a bachelor's degree then a Master's degree in public administration from the University of Michigan-Flint. He also attended a program in 2003 Civic involvement by the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. He served as assistant director for the Spanish Speaking Information Center in Flint.
Political career.
He formerly served as Michigan Department of Agriculture administrator, Gov. James J. Blanchard's office liaison, U.S. Representative Dale E. Kildee's staff assistant and 13 years in Genesee County, Michigan government. The last position held in County government was as assistant treasurer. In 2004, He was elected as the state's 49th District representative where he served as chairman of the House Transportation Subcommittee, vice-chairman of the Higher Education Subcommittee and on the Joint Capital Outlay Subcommittee. He won re-election in 2006 and 2008. With being term limited in the state representative position, Gonzales runs for the vacated County Treasurer position. In the August 3, 2010 primary, he loses to Deborah Cherry 12,421 to 13,742.

</doc>
<doc id="9839991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839991" title="2002 Minnesota Vikings season">
2002 Minnesota Vikings season

2002 was the 42nd year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 83rd regular season of the National Football League.
On January 10, 2002, Mike Tice was named the sixth Head Coach in Vikings history. Tice was the third of the six Vikings head coaches to be promoted from within the team's coaching ranks but was the first to have actually played for the Vikings. The Vikings dropped their opening game in Chicago 27–23 after blowing a 20–10 halftime lead. Most games during the season were like that. They started out the games strong, but ended up struggling down the stretch. They were winless on the road in 2001 but did win two road games in 2002. They won in New Orleans 32–31 on a touchdown pass to Randy Moss and a two-point conversion with just a few seconds left on the clock in Week 15 and 38–36 in Detroit in Week 17. The team struggled to a 6–10 record but won their last three games.

</doc>
<doc id="9839992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9839992" title="The Mall at Lawson Heights">
The Mall at Lawson Heights

The Mall at Lawson Heights is a shopping centre located at the junction of Warman Road and Primrose Drive in north Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. It is currently anchored by Canada Safeway and London Drugs, and has almost 100 shops and services. A third anchor bay housed a Zellers department store from the mall's opening until October 2012; it has since been replaced by a Target store.
The mall opened in October 1980 during a period of rapid growth in the city's north end subdivisions. On opening it covered 23,225 square metres and had the first enclosed food court in Saskatoon, along with many independent and franchise chains (including the city's first purpose-built mall video arcade) and was promoted as one of the province's largest suburban malls; it also boasted the largest Safeway store in Saskatchewan. Future plans for the mall at the time were for a second department store to join Zellers in a future phase, but ultimately Zellers (later Target) remained the only department store in the mall.
In September 2011 it was reported that Target Canada, as part of its takeover of the Zellers chain, had purchased the leasehold for the Lawson Heights location with the possibility of it being converted to a Target store in the future. This was later confirmed and the Zellers location closed in October 2012 to permit an expansion of the location to the west and south to accommodate the larger Target store. The Target store opened in the summer of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9840009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840009" title="Loudon's Highlanders">
Loudon's Highlanders

Loudon's Highlanders, or the 64th Highlanders, or Earl of Loudon's Regiment of Foot, was an infantry regiment of the British Army.
History.
The great bravery of the 43rd Highlanders (later renumbered the 42nd) and the admirable service which they rendered at the Battle of Fontenoy in 1745, made the Government anxious to avail themselves still further of the military qualities of the Highlanders. Authority, therefore, was given to John Campbell, 4th Earl of Loudoun to raise another Highland regiment under the patronage of the noblemen, chiefs, and gentlemen of that part of the kingdom, whose sons and connections would be appointed officers. The regiment was raised at Inverness and Perth in August 1745. 
The regiment fought at the Battle of Prestonpans in 1745 where they were defeated and many were taken prisoner but later released. Three companies of Loudon's Highlanders fought for the British government against the Jacobites at the Battle of Culloden in 1746, where they were victorious, alongside one company of Highlanders from the 43rd Highlanders, otherwise known as the Black Watch.
The regiment was ranked as the 64th Foot in 1747. It served at the siege of Bergen op Zoom where it distinguished itself and suffered over one thousand casualties out of a complement of 1,450. It was disbanded in 1748.

</doc>
<doc id="9840023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840023" title="Brian Fisher">
Brian Fisher

Brian Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840035" title="James Morrill">
James Morrill

James Lewis Morrill (September 24, 1891 – July 1979) was the eighth president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1945 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="9840051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840051" title="KFTI-FM">
KFTI-FM

KFTI-FM is a 100 kW radio station operating in Wichita, and licensed to Newton, Kansas. Identifying as "Classic Country 92.3," the station runs a Classic country format, with emphasis on the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. The station is owned by the Journal Broadcast Group out of Milwaukee, WI. 
History.
During the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, the station was known as KOEZ and aired a Beautiful music format. KOEZ's studios were located in Newton. After being purchased by Journal in 1999 and focused its audience to Wichita (as well as moving studios there), they flipped to an Adult Contemporary format as "Mix 92.3" and would later evolve to Adult Top 40. The station would change call letters to KMXW. In the fall of 2002, the station flipped to "92-3 the Zone" with an automated modern rock format. One year later, the station would revert to Adult Contemporary as "The New 92.3 FM." In September 2004, KMXW became a gold-based Rhythmic Adult Contemporary outlet as "Magic 92.3". In January 2007, KMXW flipped to its current format. The call letters were changed to KFTI-FM.

</doc>
<doc id="9840054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840054" title="Good Night (The Simpsons short)">
Good Night (The Simpsons short)

"Good Night" (aka "Good Night Simpsons") is the first of forty-eight Simpsons shorts that appeared on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show". It originally aired April 19, 1987, during the third episode of "The Tracey Ullman Show" and marks the first appearance of the Simpson family - Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie — on television. After three seasons on Tracey Ullman, the shorts would be adapted into the animated show "The Simpsons". "Good Night" has since been aired on the show in the episode "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" (in its entirety), along with several other Ullman shorts, and is one of the few shorts to ever be released on DVD, being included in the Season 1 DVD set.
The episode was animated by Klasky-Csupo. The episode is sometimes considered to be the first episode of season 0 of The Simpsons The show's production number is MG01. 11 seconds of the short were cut in syndication airings. The short consisted of 4 segments, lasting 24, 15, 33, and 33 seconds each. After the short plays from start to finish in "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular", Troy McClure, who now has a look of disbelief on his face, as though he has never seen the clip before, covers his expression with an awkward laugh and insincerely comments 'They haven't changed a bit, have they', a comment on how the characters' appearance and personalities had altered from the shorts to the airing of that episode.
Plot.
Homer and Marge say goodnight to their kids but all does not go according to plan. Bart philosophically contemplates the wonders of the mind, Lisa hears Marge say "Don't let the bed bugs bite" and fears that bed bugs will eat her, and Maggie is traumatized by the lyrics of "Rock-a-bye Baby". Ultimately, all of the kids decide to sleep in their parents' bed.
Origins.
Groening first conceived of the Simpsons in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. He had been called in to pitch a series of animated shorts, and had intended to present his "Life in Hell" series. When he realized that animating "Life in Hell" would require him to rescind publication rights for his life's work, Groening decided to go in another direction. He hurriedly sketched out his version of a dysfunctional family, and named the characters after his own family. Bart was modeled after Groening's older brother, Mark, but given a different name which was chosen as an anagram of "brat."
This short was written and storyboarded by Groening. The family was crudely drawn, because Groening had submitted basic sketches to the animators, assuming they would clean them up; instead they just traced over his drawings. The animation was produced at Klasky Csupo, with Wesley Archer, David Silverman, and Bill Kopp being animators.
Despite later making the decision for Maggie to not speak throughout the show's run, Maggie does say the words 'good night'. While Yeardley Smith does Maggie's babbling in the show, her speaking bits in this short were done by Liz Georges. The Simpsons Archive suggests that Gabor Csupo did the pacifier sucking noises, as opposed to Matt Groening who did the role later. At this point in time, the characters were very differently to how they would be in the first season of The Simpsons and beyond. In addition to this, Homer was smarter than portrayed later and spoke in a Walter Matthau style voice. Lisa's behavior was similar to Bart's.
Critical reception.
FilmThreat says "This dark nursery rhyme is funny and disturbing. Homer’s voice is totally off the wall, nothing like it stands today, and it’s interesting to see how far they’ve come since these early forays into animation. The episode of The Tracy Ulman Show that the short was featured in received an IMDB rating of 6.6. Todd Doogan of The Digital Bits was sad that "only of the original Tracey Ullman Show shorts" was featured on the first season DVD". He added, "Still, the one you gets perfectly illustrates just how far the show has come". DVD.net describes it as "The Simpsons as some of you may never have seen before, drawn by the hand of Matt Groening himself and looking a little worse for wear." DVD Movie Guide says, "I’ve seen a few additional Ullman shorts and think they’re nearly unwatchable, so I can’t say I miss them, at least not for their entertainment value. However, they’d make a nice historical addition, so it’s too bad we only get this single clip. The first one ever aired, “Good Night Simpsons” runs for 115 unfunny seconds." The Digital Fix says the short extra on the DVD "showcases the superb sense of humour that has made The Simpsons what it is today", and that "the picture quality is quite breathtaking (considering the age of these shorts) while the sound is standard DD2.0 Stereo". It adds that "it is a teaser for something we will supposedly never see (all 48 shorts on DVD)" and wishes they had chosen a short that hadn't been featured in a future episode (The 138th Episode Spectacular), and therefore released on the Season 7 Box set. Planet Simpson says "the drawing and animation were blatantly crude, thick-lined, and primary-colored" and that "the vignettes were far too short for anything as sophisticated as 'character development'". It adds that the "central gag [of kids finding ironic horror in bedtime platitudes" was very simplistic, and doubts many people even watched the airing of the short. However, the book explains the significance of Good Night as "the first baby steps of an institution that would become one of the most-watched TV shows on earth and the most influential cultural enterprise of its time".
Home release.
The short is featured on disc 3 of the "The Complete First Season" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="9840058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840058" title="University Council">
University Council

A University Council may be the executive body of a university's governance system, an advisory body to the University President, or something in between in authority.
In the United Kingdom and many other countries, the Council is responsible for all financial matters, the buildings and the appointment of the Vice-Chancellor. Academic affairs are the business of the University Senate. In some cases the Senate and Council have equal status under the legislation that established the university. In other cases, such as Australia, the senate is technically responsible to the Council, although the Council is normally reluctant to enter into a discussion on academic issues. The membership of University Councils consists of people from outside the university, often appointed by governments, along with some staff and, in some cases, students. The Council is chaired by the University Chancellor or a Pro- Chancellor or Deputy Chancellor.
University of Pennsylvania.
A different model is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. Its Bylaws of University Council, revised February 28, 2007, say "The University Council of the University of Pennsylvania is a deliberative and representative forum which exists to consider the activities of the University in all its phases, with particular attention to those matters that affect the common interests of faculty, staff, and students. It shall recommend general policies and otherwise advise the President, the provost, and officers of the University. It is authorized to initiate policy proposals as well as to express its judgment on those submitted to it by the administrative officers of the University and its various academic divisions. It is also empowered to request information through appropriate channels from any member of the University administration.
"In its deliberative role, as it undertakes to reach collective decisions on policies initiated or evaluated for recommendations to officers of the University, an important function of the University Council is to transform the interests of its various constituency groups into forms congruent with the interest of the University as a whole. In such a case, a majority decision should be articulated in terms of the University's general welfare and constructed to advance this welare. In its representative role, an important function of the University Council is to inform officers of the University--as well as the citizens of the University at-large--of the views and strength of views held by members of the University community. In this public expression of a heterogeneity of views, without their resolution into an agreement for action, may serve the University Council's advisory purpose authentically, and especially when such a diversity of discourse increases understanding among constituencies in addition to revealing the breadth of considered opinion as a ground for accommodation in subsequent University decision-making...
"Membership on the Council requires a readiness to attend meetings of the Council regularly and to participate fully in its business, including the work of its committees. It is the continuous obligation of the members of the Council to report to the members of their constituencies about the discussions, the decisions, and recommendations of the Council and to solicit questions and suggestions for presentation to the Council."
The President of the University of Pennsylvania is the presiding officer of the University Council. The President, or in the absence of the President, the provost, turns the conduct of the meeting over to a moderator, who is a Presidential appointee and a non-voting member of the Council. The President also appoints a Parliamentarian, in consultation with the Steering Committee. The Secretary of the University shall be the Secretary of the Council and the Secretary of the Steering Committee.
Members of the University Council include forty-five members of the Executive Committee of the Faculty Senate, one full-time lecturer, one full-time member of the research faculty, eleven administrative officers of the University, fifteen graduate and professional students, fifteen undergraduate students, two representatives of the Penn Professional Staff Assembly, one representative of the Librarians Assembly, two representatives of the Weekly-Paid Professional Staff Assembly, and one representative of the United Minorities Council. All representatives are elected by their respective constituencies except for the eleven administrative officers, who are appointed by the President.

</doc>
<doc id="9840064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840064" title="2003 Minnesota Vikings season">
2003 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2003 Minnesota Vikings season was the team's 43rd year in the National Football League. The Vikings gained 6,294 yards on offense, by far the most in the league; however the team 416 points were only 6th best in the NFL.
The Vikings won their first six games of the 2003 season, then lost their next four games, after which they alternated wins and losses for the remainder of the season. Green Bay won the division at 10–6, while the Vikings finished 9–7. The Vikings set a new mark for futility during the season when they lost to every 4–12 team (Giants, Chargers, Raiders, and Cardinals) during their 3–7 finish. Curiously, the Vikings went 4–2 against 2003 playoff teams, but only 5–5 against teams with losing records. The Vikings were 6–2 at home, and 8–3 in domes overall. (They only played one cold-weather game, a loss to Chicago in Week Fifteen.)
The Vikings were officially eliminated from postseason contention when a touchdown reception on 4th and 25 by Arizona Cardinals receiver Nate Poole handed the Vikings a dramatic last-second 18–17 loss in their final game.

</doc>
<doc id="9840071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840071" title="List of Endurance episodes">
List of Endurance episodes

Endurance Season One- California: 2002-2003.
The following episodes are the episode list for Endurance. Episode seven, fifteen, and sixteen are specials. The seventh episode recaps the events of the first six days of the competition. The fifteenth and the sixteenth episodes reunites the cast nearly one year since the series has started.
Episode Description.
Right to Stay.
In the series premiere, 20 strangers arrive on an island somewhere in the Pacific Ocean, where they meet the host, J.D. Roth, who explains the rules to them: every day, there will be a mission that will give one of seven teams a Pyramid Piece, an important item needed to win the game (the pieces are Courage, Heart, Knoweledge, Leadership, Commitment, Perseverance, Trust, Discipline, Strength, and Luck), and the following day features a Temple Mission, which gives the winning team a chance to send two other teams to the Temple of Fate, where one team is eliminated. But first, the competitors must compete for the right to stay on the island, and by the end of the day, 6 of the 20 strangers will be eliminated before the game even begins. In the challenge, called Timeline, they have to hold onto two rings while their ankles are held up by bungee cords. The first 3 girls and guys to let go are automatically eliminated. In the end, Shane Peltzman, Ron Newrauter, Alejandro Rose-Garcia, Lacey Elick, Heather Ichihashi, and Cree Howard are eliminated, leaving 14 players to compete in the game, where the grand prize is of their choice.
Fate Falls.
The 14 Endurance players compete in the partner selection challenge, where a colored ball representing the 7 team colors (red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, and gray) will drop from a match stick- like pyramid. The person who catches the ball chooses the guy and girl for that colored team. Jon Crocilla and Sabrina Lloyd become the Yellow Team, Aaron Thornburg and Jonna Mannion become the Blue Team, Christian Justice and Ashley Gudzak become the Red Team, Trevor Wilkins and Lana Neiman become the Green Team (even though Trevor was originally to be paired with Chelsea Myers), Brandon Hendrix (who was originally to be paired with Lana) and Layla Brisco become the Purple Team, Skyler Russell (who was originally to be partnered with Layla) and Chelsea becoming the Orange Team, leaving Max DeLeo and Jenna Jimenez as the Gray Team. Later, the team chooses their Pyramid Pieces: Perseverance (Yellow), Courage (Blue), Leadership (Red), Commitment (Green), Strength (Purple), Luck (Orange), and Heart and Trust (Gray). The teams then choose their grand prize trips: Belize (Yellow), Africa (Blue), Australia (Red), the Amazon (Green), Costa Rica (Purple), Bali and Komodo (Orange), and the Galapagos Islands (Gray), and the game begins...
Tilt.
The 7 teams compete in their first Endurance mission: one member of each team is harnessed to a pole on a platform and must hold on to their partners. The winning team is the team that manages to hold on the longest. In the end, the Blue Team comes out on top, receiving the Knowledge and Discipline Pyramid Pieces, and control over the Samadhi, which will allow them to handicap another team, which will leave them at a heavy disadvantage in the first Temple Mission. The Red, Yellow, and Gray Teams form an alliance to go against The Brotherhood, an alliance consisting of the Blue, Orange, Green, and Purple Teams. However, at The Rock, the season's official meeting place, the Blue Team betrays their own alliance by giving the Samadhi to the Orange Team. They crack the Samadhi open, revealing a rope with 3 knots in it...
Knotted Up.
In the first ever Temple Mission, the teams have to untie a huge knot in their team-colored rope, and the first team to do so wins. Because they got the Samadhi, the Orange Team has 3 additional knots to untie. In the end, the Blue Team scores a second consecutive victory. In order to get rid of the Green Team (because Trevor has begun to annoy everybody), the Blue Team sends the Gray Team up along with them, hoping that the Green Team will be sent home. Shockingly, the plan backfires and the Gray Team is the first to be eliminated, starting a long history of losing for the Gray Team in the seasons to come.
Plant the Flag.
The six remaining teams are shocked when the Blue Team receives a note from the Gray Team, accusing them of betrayal. Once this is cleared up, the teams compete in their next challenge: the players on both teams are connected by a pulley system; while one member plants one of five flags onto their team triangle, the other member retrieves the next one. The winning team receives the Gray Team's Heart and Trust pieces, the Samadhi, and the option to trade their trip for the Gray Team's. The Yellow Team wins, but they decide to keep their trip to Belize. Lana learns that Trevor has told the others about what happens at the Temple of Fate, so she tries to cover up the secrets. After taking a surprise survey at The Rock, the Yellow Team gives the Samadhi to the Purple Team, which contains a note that forbids them from competing in the next Temple Mission.
Squeeze Play.
With the Purple Team banned from the Temple Mission, the five other teams are left to compete. Based on the survey taken the previous night, they have to show their answers via colored rocks. Every time a player gets a question right, they move up farther into a pyramid. As they play, teams will be squeezed out, and the winner is whoever can get all of the questions right and reach the top. In the end, the Red Team scores a victory and they choose to send the weakened Purple Team, along with the Orange Team, to the Temple of Fate. After Layla and Chelsea spend some time together, both teams went up to the Temple, where the Purple Team becomes the second team to be eliminated.
The First Six Days.
A recap special of the first six episodes, with deleted scenes, and a preview of the next episode, "Waterlogged", shown at the end.
Waterlogged.
The teams compete in their third Endurance mission, where one member of each team holds onto a rope attached to a huge bucket, while the other players put water in them, in hopes of making the bucket heavy for one team and forcing them off the platforms that they are standing on, which will make them lose. The winner receives the Purple Team's Strength piece, the Samadhi, and the option to trade their trip for a chance to go to Costa Rica. Despite Lana's best efforts, the Yellow Team scores their second victory, but they once again decide to keep their trip to Belize. The alliance between the Red, Yellow, and Blue Teams (formed after the Gray Team was eliminated) began to falter as Ashley targets the Blue Team for their pieces and Sabrina considers giving the Samadhi to the Red Team. Ultimately, the Orange Team gets the Samadhi for a second time, and the handicap is that 1 foot of their rope will be cut in the next Temple Mission.
Eruption.
The teams have to hold onto ropes attached to some water balloons, and the winner is whoever can hold on the longest without letting go, which will release the balloons. Because they got the Samadhi, exactly 1 foot of the Orange Team's rope is cut. In the end, the Blue Team wins yet another mission, but due to some manipulation from Sabrina, the Blue Team spares the Yellow Team and sends the Green and Orange Teams to the Temple of Fate, each for a second time. At the Temple, despite depending on their Luck piece, the Orange Team becomes the third team to leave the island.
House of Cards.
In honor of those who built the Great Wall of China, the teams build their own walls, with chocolate acting as cement. The catch? The boys on all teams are buried in sand and have to hold their walls up, while the girls have to build them. In the end, the Green Team wins and receives the Orange Team's Luck piece, but they decide to keep their trip to the Amazon, instead of trading it for Komodo. Meanwhile, Ashley learns that Sabrina is turning against her, but they eventually learn that friendship is more important, and thus, they stick together. At The Rock, the Blue Team is given the Samadhi, which will give them a 15-second disadvantage in the next Temple Mission.
Dial In.
The final 4 teams must crack a decrypted question (which team left "Endurance" first) and then give the right answer (Gray Team). Despite being forced to wait 15 seconds before starting due to the Samadhi handicap, the Blue Team still manages to score another victory. Later, they shock everyone when they decide to send the Yellow Team, along with the Green Team, to the Temple of Fate, and Sabrina vows revenge if she returns. At the Temple, despite having the Orange Team's Luck Piece, the Green Team becomes the fourth team to leave the island.
Build a Pyramid.
As the title suggests, the final three teams must use different shaped pieces to build a pyramid, and the winner receives the Samadhi, the Luck and Commitment pieces left behind by the Green Team, and the option to trade their trip for the Amazon. The powerful Blue Team wins for a sixth time, and decides to trade their trip to Africa for the Amazon. At The Rock, they give the Samadhi to the Yellow Team, but when given the decision to remove it, they pull it completely out of the game, creating a level playing field for the final Temple Mission.
Leap of Fate.
The final 3 play in their last Temple Mission, where they must jump over their team-colored bars as they swing down at them. Whichever team can jump the longest will guarantee themselves a spot in the final two, while the other teams are automatically sent to the Temple of Fate. The Blue Team manages to score their last victory before the final challenge, and the Red Team becomes the last team to leave the island.
Don't Drop the Ball.
Before heading to the Temple of Fate, the Yellow and Blue Teams compete for the Red Team's Leadership piece and their trip to Australia. They must hold up a huge ball and whoever drops it or let's the ball touch their heads loses. The Yellow Team wins, but turn down the chance to visit Australia. At the Temple of Fate, both teams compete in the final challenge, where the Blue Team wins it all and becomes the first ever "Endurance" champions.
Reunion.
The 7 teams of "Endurance" reunite to relive some of their best and worst moments. During the special, the teams and the audience vote on which guy and girl they want to see return for season 2. The players vote for Max and Jenna (the Gray Team), but J.D. decides to wait until season 2 to reveal the final, official results. The special ends with a preview of the new season.
Best of Endurance: California.
Another recap episode; this time, J.D. reviews the entire season.
Endurance Season Two- Desert: 2003-2004.
The following episodes are the episode list for Endurance. Episode twenty-three and thirty are specials. The twenty-third episode recaps the events of the first six days. The thirtieth episode recaps the most dramatic moments of Endurance Season Two.
Episode Description.
Drop-Out.
20 all new contestants arrive in a desert in Baja, Mexico, where they get acquainted with one another before competing in the Right-to-Stay Challenge. This time, the contestants stand on a platform while holding onto a bar. If a player pulls the bar down too far, the platform will give away, leaving them dangling. The first three girls and guys to let go are automatically eliminated. In the end, David Cofresi, Glen Powell, Trey Griffin, Sarah Ruckreigle, Abbey Konz, and Simone Bouffard are eliminated, leaving 14 players to pick both their partners AND their team color.
Wash Out.
The 14 remaining players prepare for the partner selection challenge, and almost every guy wants Jacquelynn Pointer as their partner, especially Wayne Williams. In the challenge, a colored ball (along with some water) will drop from above and whoever catches it is on that colored team. To make things interesting, J.D. puts a curtain in between the girls and the guys, so no one discovers their partner until the end. At the end, Wayne is partnered with Maryelle DeVitto, forming the Gray Team, Jacquelynn is paired with Phil Morelli, forming the Red Team, Annie Kim and Jeff Phillips become the Purple Team, Mike Lavigne and Keetin Marchi become the Green Team, Shep Allen and Calley Payne become the Yellow Team, and Tyler Burkhalter and Michelle Durand become the Orange Team, leaving Scooter Magruder and Christa Sholtz as the Blue Team. After choosing their Pyramid Pieces: Discipline (Red), Trust (Blue), Knowledge (Orange), Leadership (Purple), Commitment (Yellow), Heart (Gray), and Teamwork (Green), J.D. reveals which season 1 contestants have returned: Max and Jenna, who form the Brown Team and receive the Perseverance piece. After announcing the grand prize: a trip to the Bahamas, many teams begin to set their sights on the Brown Team due to them having more experience.
Tower of Power.
The 8 teams must race through an obstacle course, picking up blocks as they go, in order to form a tower. The first team to cross the finish line with 10 blocks wins the race. As an added twist, J.D. announces that this will be a Temple Mission, meaning one team will be eliminated, as usual. J.D. also reveals that the team eliminated will be able to give their piece to any team they want. The Green Team wins, and decides to send the Orange and Gray Teams to the Temple of Fate out of fear of retaliation from the other teams. At the Temple of Fate, despite their best efforts, the Gray Team is sent home first for the second time in a row.
Fireball.
The Gray Team tells the Green team to "send Tyler home" in "Endurance"'s first trade of pieces. After the Gray Team gives their Heart Pyramid Piece to the Purple Team, the 7 remaining teams compete in their first Endurance Mission of the season, where a member of each team shoots a ball to their partner on a floating platform in the water. If they catch it, that person takes out any team they want. The last team is the winner. In the end, the Purple Team wins the game, receiving the Luck Pyramid Piece and the Samadhi. Tensions run high in the Orange Team, Phil and Jacqueline start a "relationship", the Brown Team gets to know everyone, and the Purple Team gives the Orange Team the Samadhi at The Cove, Season 2's meeting spot, giving them an extra ball to control in the Temple Mission.
Rollerball.
The 7 teams compete in a challenge where they must guide a ball through a maze without letting it fall off the edge. The first team to put 2 balls in the basket at the end of the platform wins. Due to receiving an extra ball in the Samadhi, the Orange Team needs to put 3 balls in the basket to win. In the end, the Green Team wins their second Temple Mission in a row. After consulting Yellow and Purple, the Green Team sends the Red Team and the Orange Team to the Temple of Faith, shocking every team who thought they would pick Purple. The Orange Team wins again, sending the Red Team home and putting their Discipline Pyramid Piece up for grabs in the next Endurance Mission.
Tide Pull.
The 6 remaining teams receive a message from the Red Team, giving their Discipline Pyramid Piece to the Blue Team and talking down to the Green Team. The teams then compete in a challenge where a team member will paddle out with a boat as far as possible. After 30 seconds, the other team members will try to pull in a teams' boat. The last one left wins. In the end, the Brown Team wins, receiving the Strength Pyramid Piece and the Samadhi. The Brown and Blue Teams battle each other while ensuring their hatred of Yellow, Yellow confirms a Top 5 plan with Brown and Green, Calley talks about bullying on the beach, and the Brown Team shocks the Blue Team by giving them the Samadhi, giving them a 10 second delay before starting the Temple Mission.
Halftime.
A look back at the season thus far, showing off a preview of the next episode, "On The Ropes".
On the Ropes.
As Blue plans revenge on Brown by sending them and Yellow to the Temple, the teams compete in a challenge where one team member must guide their teammate with a rope through a course of holes while the team member with the rope is blindfolded. The first team to reach the end wins. In the end, the Brown team wins, sending the Purple team and the Blue team to the Temple of Faith. At the Temple, the Purple Team wins, sending the Blue Team home and putting their Discipline and Trust Pyramid Pieces up for grabs in the next episode.
Face to Face.
After the Blue Team gives the Purple Team their Discipline and Heart Pyramid Pieces to the Purple team, complementing them and Green on winning, the 5 remaining teams play in the next Endurance Mission. In this mission, teammates stand face-to-face while holding a rope and being suspended by bungee cords. The last team to hold on wins. In the end, the Purple Team wins, receiving the Courage piece and the Samadhi. Purple's lead makes them a target to worry about, Annie apologizes to Calley, and the Purple Team gives the Samadhi to the Brown Team, giving them a handicap of 2 feet in the Temple Mission.
Cherry Picker.
At the Temple Mission, teams must put together 3 poles and transfer their team colored ball to the top of a tower. If the ball falls, the team must start again at the beginning. The team who gets 3 balls in their tower wins. Due to the Samadhi, the Brown team has an extra 24 inches (2 ft) added to their tower. In the end, the Purple Team wins, sending the Brown Team and the Yellow Team to the Temple of Faith. The Brown Team wins, sending the Yellow Team home and putting their Commitment Pyramid Piece up for grabs for the next day.
Aqueduct.
The Yellow Team gives their Commitment Pyramid Piece to the Brown Team, talking the Purple Team down. In the Endurance Mission, the remaining 4 teams build an aqueduct (as the title suggests) using different sized pieces from the end to the barrel. The team who's water flows to the end wins. In the end, the Orange Team finally wins, receiving the Ingenuity Pyramid Piece and the Samadhi. The final four gets serious, friendships are tested, and the Orange Team takes the Samadhi out of the game, similar to last year, giving them a level playing field on one condition that could involve the Green Team...
Plank Maze.
On a level playing field, the teams must move across planks from barrel to barrel, collecting lettered tiles as they go. A dead end means that the team must backtrack for another plank. The collected letters spell out a word that the teams must unscramble. If they fall, they must start from the beginning. The first team to get to the end and spell the word ("Leadership") correctly wins. In the end, the Green Team wins, sending the Purple Team and the Brown Team. The Brown Team wins, sending the Purple Team home and putting their 6 Pyramid Pieces (Leadership, Trust, Heart, Discipline, Courage, and Luck) up for grabs in the next competition.
Pathfinder.
The Purple Team's removal changes the game forever. They tell the Orange team that they give them their 6 Pyramid Pieces (Leadership, Trust, Heart, Discipline, Courage, and Luck), not Brown as expected. In the final challenge before the finale, the teams compete to stay on the island. In the challenge, players use colored squares on game boards to make a path between points without going diagonally or crossing paths. The first to connect the paths correctly wins. Even though Green seems to have won, they make a mistake that causes the Brown Team to win, sending the Orange Team and the Green Team to the Temple of Faith. Green wins, sending them to the final round and send the Orange Team home, putting their 8 Pyramid Pieces (Leadership, Trust, Heart, Discipline, Courage, Luck, Knowledge, and Ingenuity) up for grabs in the final mission before the Golden Pyramids final round.
The Home Stretch.
A look back at the season thus far, showing off a preview of the final 2 episodes, "Final Mission" and "Finale 2".
Final Mission.
As the title suggest, the final mission of "Endurance 2" is a big shock. Orange's 8 Pyramid Pieces (Leadership, Trust, Heart, Discipline, Courage, Luck, Knowledge, and Ingenuity) are individually up for grabs in the mission. In an old "cat-and-mouse" style chase, the teams must take orange triangles from their opponent's basket and put it in theirs. In the end, even though the Green Team won, the teams split the amount of Pyramid Pieces at 4 each. The final count of pieces before the end was: Brown: 7 (Commitment, Strength, Perseverance, Luck, Heart, Trust, and Knowledge); Green: 5 (Teamwork, Courage, Ingenuity, Leadership, and Discipline). After receiving their pieces for the finals, J.D. gave the teams necklaces that look like the Temple (similar to the carved rocks of the first season) to remember their time at the beach, colored Green, Brown, and all of the fallen teams that left in order. This episode also segues into "Finale 2"...
Finale 2.
After the players say their goodbyes, the teams battle in the final challenge at the Temple of Fate, where the Brown Team wins it all and becomes the second "Endurance" champions.
Best of Endurance 2: Desert.
Another recap episode; this time, J.D. reviews the entire season.
Endurance Season Three - Hawaii: 2004-2005.
Episode Description.
Casting Special.
A two-part special episode, where J.D. and the other "Endurance" crew members cast the contestants of "Endurance 3: Hawaii".
The Arrival.
20 all new contestants arrive in Kauai, Hawaii, the location for the third season of "Endurance". Once there, J.D. explains the rules to them and reveals a new twist: the contestants get to choose which guy and which girl gets a free pass on the right to stay challenge. After much debate, Reece Bors and Lindy Oest are the first two contestants to become Endurance players, though some of the newcomers feel this to be unfair since they were chosen entirely because of their looks. As for the other 18 newcomers, they are forced to face the right to stay challenge, where the contestants hang onto poles suspended over the water. As always, the first three girls and guys to let go and fall into the water are automatically eliminated, while the others become official "Endurance" players. This time around, though, the girls go first instead of the guys, and Eleanor Monahan, Vanetta Smith, and Taylor Mdison are the first to be eliminated. The guys then prepare to compete for their right to stay and the episode ends...
First Elimination.
The guys take the right to stay challenge and Marshall Kathedar, Thomas "Tom" Maden, and Brandon Anderson are the next ones to go, leaving the other 14 newcomers as official "Endurance" players. After spending the night together, the players talk about who they want as their partner, with most of the girls, except for Alex Reid, distrusting Monroe Gierl. The contestants then compete in the partner selection game, where a catapult hurls a numbered ball (balls numbered 1-14) at the player and they have to catch it, because lower the numbered ball, the better the chances they have of getting the partner they want. Demian Martinez gets the #1 ball, Lindi the #2 ball, Reece the #3 ball, Antonio Iannicelli the #4 ball, Chris Vanderweir the #5 ball, Bryanah Bascon the #6 ball, Willa Zhou gets the #7 ball, and Nicole Clark gets the #8 ball before the episode ends.
Pick Your Partner.
The partner selection challenge continues as the players compete for the perfect partner. Bjorn Leu, gets the #9 ball, Alex gets the #10 ball, Sarah Baker gets the #11 ball, Rachel Lofton gets the #12 ball, Monroe gets the #13 ball, and Kareem Nugent gets the #14 ball. Then they get to choose their team color; Kareem chooses blue, Monroe chooses yellow, Rachel chooses red, Sarah chooses purple, and Alex and Bjorn become the Green Team. Then J.D. announces a twist that allows the lower numbered contestants to bump another player to a different color to get the partner they want. Afterwards, the selection process continues, as Nicole chooses orange as her team color, Willa joins Kareem on the Blue Team, Bryanah and Chris form the Gray Team, Antonio replaces Kareem as Willa's partner; Kareem then partners with Nicole, forming the Orange Team, Reese joins Sarah and forms the Purple Team, Lindi replaces Bryanah as Chris' partner (leaving everyone in complete shock), causing Bryanah to be partnered with Monroe and form Yellow Team, and Demian replaces Kareem as Nicole's parter, causing Kareem to be partner with Rachel and form the Red Team. Later, J.D. gives the teams their starting pyramid pieces: Teamwork for Yellow, Commitment for Blue, Trust for Red, Knowledge for Gray, Leadership for Orange, Discipline for Purple, and Heart for Green. J.D. then announces the grand prize trip to the Galápagos Islands, and the episode ends.
Headstrong.
The 7 "Endurance" Teams receive a shock when Eleanor, Vanetta, Taylor, Marshall, Tom, and Brandon return for a shot at becoming the 8th team on "Endurance", the Brown Team. In the Headstrong challenge, the six returnees have to balance carvings between their heads and a bamboo pole and the person who lasts the longest wins and gets to choose their partner for the Brown Team. After almost a half an hour, Tom wins and chooses Vanetta as his partner, forming the Brown Team and receiving the Perseverance pyramid piece. Afterwards, Tom immediately forms an alliance with Kareem because of their friendship together, while Monroe is angry with Tom for not choosing Taylor, whom Monroe considers a close friend, as his partner.
Ring of Fire.
The eight teams compete in their first Endurance mission. The challenge involves the teams holding onto a pole in a ring. If the pole touches the ring, the ring will catch fire and that team is out. The last remaining team wins. In the end, the Purple Team wins the Strength piece and the Samadhi. Willa loses her temper at Antonio because she thought they lost due to him not helping her. The Purple Team gives the Yellow Team the Samadhi. The Yellow Team finds a rope inside.
Bagging on You.
The teams compete in their first Temple Mission meaning one team will be eliminated. The teams must throw two bags tied together to a platform some distance away in the water. If their bags are on the platform, that team gets to eliminate any team who missed theirs. The Yellow Team has to stand a few feet further back due to the Samadhi. However, they shock everyone by winning and send the Blue and Orange Teams to the Temple of Fate. The Blue Team becomes the first team to leave.
Squaring Off.
The Blue team gives their Commitment piece to the Orange Team, tying them with Purple for the lead. J.D. then tells everyone that the next challenge is a temple mission meaning another team will be leaving right after the first team left. The challenge involves the teams one at a time each putting a triangle on another team's group of squares. The last remaining team wins. In the end, the Orange Team wins after the Gray Team eliminates themselves. The Orange Team sends Yellow and Green to temple. The Yellow Team wins sending the Green Team home.
Out on a Limb.
The Green Team gives their Heart piece to the Yellow Team. The teams then get a surprise when the next Endurance Mission isn't for a pyramid piece or a Samadhi. Instead the winning team will make Super Teams (three teams on each) to compete against each other in the following Temple Mission. The challenge involves the girls sitting on the end of a seesaw while the guys hold onto ropes attached to the seesaws to keep the girls up for as long as possible. The last remaining team wins. In the end, the Yellow Team wins and gets the power to make Super Teams. The Yellow Team makes their Super Team of Yellow, Purple, and Gray thinking they have the strongest teams. The other Super Team is Orange, Brown, and Red and Tom is disappointed that he wasn't chosen to be on Monroe's Super Team.
From 20 to 12.
A mid-season recap with a preview for the next episode, Bamboo Jungle.
Bamboo Jungle.
The two Super Teams compete in another Temple Mission where they have to go through an obstacle course made of bamboo and go back through in order to win, making all three winning teams safe from going to Temple. When Vanetta isn't moving quickly for her team to win, The Yellow-Purple-Gray Super Team wins and Brown and Red are forced to go to Temple. The Red Team ends up being the third team eliminated.
Pipeline.
The Red Team gives their Trust piece to the Purple Team, putting them in the lead with three pieces. The teams compete in a challenge that involves both team members working together to get three large balls across a pipe using poles. But the Samadhi up for grabs will benefit any teams who wins or receives it. In the end, the Gray Team wins their first challenge by themselves and wins the Samadhi. They crack it open and are given two options: steal another teams' pieces or switch partners with another team. The Gray Team decides to take the Yellow Team's two Pieces (Teamwork and Heart) tying them with Purple while the Yellow Team is left with nothing.
I'm Pulling for You.
The teams compete in another Endurance Mission that requires the team members to pull themselves with ropes in order to get triangles to the shelves on top. The first team to get twelve triangles to the top wins. In the end, the Gray Team wins their third mission (second independent) and gets the Courage piece and the Samadhi. The Courage piece puts the Gray Team in the lead with four pieces and the Yellow Team gets the Samadhi for a second time forcing them to sit out the following Temple Mission.
Balance Ball.
Chris vows to send the Yellow Team if the Gray Team wins the Temple Mission. Shockingly, Vanetta of the Brown Team pulls out of the game due to hurting her knee and needing stitches. Tom decides to continue, however, as a one person team. The Temple Mission has the players transporting balls on boards from one end of the field to the other before sliding the ball into their chute. If the teams drop any of the balls, they must start back from the start. The first team to get three balls into their chute wins. The Yellow Team sits out because of the Samadhi. Tom ends up failing without his partner and the Purple Team wins, sending Tom and the Yellow Team to temple. Unfortunately, Tom is sent home alone.
The Halfway Mark.
Tom gives the Yellow Team his Perseverance piece, putting them back in the game. The teams then compete in a thinking challenge where they must make a triangle while following a dot pattern on them. The dots must match in order for a team to win. In the end, the Yellow Team wins earning the Luck piece and the Samadhi. The Gray Team ends up getting the Samadhi which has them wait until a ball is caught before participating in the next Temple Mission.
The Final Four.
The next challenge has the players filling a pouch with water, dumping it in one of three tubs, and waiting for balls (numbered 1-3) to shoot out of the three cannons behind the tubs. Because they got the Samadhi, the Gray Team has to wait until the first ball is caught before going into the game. In the end, the Orange Team wins and Gray and Purple both go to temple for the first time where the Purple Team is sent home.
Endurance Season Four - Tehachapi: 2005-2006.
Episode Description.
Hang Glide.
In the season premiere, 20 strangers arrive at their new home in the Tehachapi Mountains for the entire season. After spending a day with one another, the contestants face the Right-To-Stay Challenge: holding onto a bar while suspended a few feet above the water. The first three girls and guys to let go and fall into the water are automatically sent home. In the end, the underdogs defeat the big and strong as Brittany Harvey, Kendell Yorkey, Brooke Bellows, Nicholas Verderosa, Tucker Baer, and Keith Walker are sent home, leaving the other 14 "strangers" as official Endurance players.
Power Play.
The 14 remaining contestants are put into their partner selection challenge: holding a wooden cylinder up in the air for as long as they can. The last one standing wins. They all compete except for Shea Thomas and Amelia "Georgia" Land, who become the Blue Team after speaking up for whom they wanted as their partners. In the end Christopher Tavarez wins and chooses Callie Simpkins as his partner, forming the Yellow Team. They choose the remaining teams: Franke Sisto and Erika Cook become the Red Team, Jonathan Lebowitz and Daniella Bustamante become the Purple Team (even though Daniella wanted to be paired with Michael Delvecchio), John Kardian and Julie Dubela become the Gray Team, and Michael and Kylie Glessman become the Orange Team, leaving Isaac Hainley and Jeszie Geronimo as the Green Team. After the teams choose their Pyramid Pieces, Courage (Blue), Trust (Yellow), Heart (Red), Perseverance (Purple), Commitment (Gray), Knowledge (Orange), and Leadership (Green), as well as the announcing of the Grand Prize- a trip to Costa Rica, the game officially begins.
Blocked.
The teams face their first Endurance mission: they have to hold blocks between one another as they go down a lane, picking up more blocks. The only drawback is that if the blocks are dropped, the team has to pick them up before continuing on. The first team back with all of their blocks wins the Teamwork piece and control of the Samadhi. In the end, the Green team wins, putting them in the lead with two Pyramid Pieces, and they decide to handicap their friends on the Gray Team, after learning that Gray has a strong friendship with Blue. The Gray Team ends up getting handicapped with four sandbags.
Raft Pull.
The teams face their first elimination and everyone's eyes are set on Gray and Blue because of their strong friendship. The teams have to pile sandbags on another team's colored triangle for 30 seconds before loading sandbags they've been given onto their raft. The teams must then pull their rafts to the other side of the lake and grab their team flag. The first team to make it back and mount their flag onto their colored triangle wins the opportunity to send two teams to the Temple of Fate. Because they got the Samadhi, the Gray Team is given four additional sandbags to start with. Gray and Blue end up with the most sandbags and the Purple Team mounts their flag one second before the Red Team and wins the Temple Mission, and as expected, Gray and Blue are sent to the temple. In the end, the Curse of the Gray Team strikes again and the Gray Team is sent home first for the third time in Endurance history, and the Blue Team is given a warm welcome-back from the other five teams.
Drop Out.
Following the Gray Team's elimination, they give their Commitment piece to the Blue Team as a sign of a true friendship, putting Blue and Green in a tie for first place. The teams are faced with their next mission: hanging onto a bar suspended a couple of inches over the water (their feet on one end and their hands on the other) for as long as they can. The last one standing wins their team the Discipline piece and the power to choose two opposing teams that will form their Super Team in tomorrow's Temple Mission. In a shocking development, Erika outlasts all of the guys, winning the challenge for the Red Team and putting them in first place with Green and Blue. In the end, they end up choosing Green and Yellow as part of their Super Team, leaving Purple, Orange, and Blue, the "underdog teams", to face their opponents in the next temple mission.
Super Stumped.
In today's Temple Mission, it's Red, Yellow, and Green vs. Orange, Blue, and Purple in the Super Team Temple Mission. The contestants have to use two planks to make a bridge to their team flag, and then build another bridge back to shore. The winning Super Team gets to send two of the three teams on the opposing Super Team to the Temple of Fate. After the Red/Green/Yellow Super Team stacks one of their planks on the end of the other, making them jump into the water so Erika can move it, the Purple/Orange/Blue Super Team manages to snag a victory, making this their first (and only) win for Orange and Blue. Even though Jonathan was unsure on whom to send (because Purple is in an alliance with Green and Yellow), the winning Super Team ultimately decides to send Red and Yellow to the Temple, where Yellow becomes the second team to be eliminated from the competition. This also starts a history of the Yellow Team never making it past 6th place.
The Halfway Point.
This was a special recap episode, with recapped the events of the season up until now. A sneak preview of the next episode, "Waterworks", is shown at the end.
Waterworks.
Following the Yellow Team's elimination, the Green Team reads a note from them, saying that they are giving their Trust piece to the Red Team, putting them in the lead, while Green and Blue remain in second place, each with two pieces. The five remaining teams have to take a piece of canvas and fill it with water, which they must dump into their team-colored barrel, and repeat the process until one team's barrel is filled to the rim with water, which will shoot out the top of the barrel. The winning team gets the Luck piece, and, as usual, the Samadhi. But there's a catch: the losing team will be given a one-way ticket to the Temple of Fate, unless they win the next Temple Mission. In the end, the Green Team wins, putting them in first place with Red, who receives the Samadhi, which contains a ten-foot rope, and the Purple Team ends up finishing last, putting them in great danger.
The Return of Fireball.
In a very unusual episode of "Endurance: Tehachapi", J.D. and Daniella, who is the ultimate "Endurance" fan, reveal that they went online and asked the fans about choosing a past Temple Mission to appear again. The winner? "Fireball". Because they got the Samadhi, the Red Team's raft is placed ten feet further away from shore. In the end, the Green Team wins, and they send Purple (because they lost and thus, were automatically sent to the temple) and Orange (because the other teams saw them as a threat after eliminating Purple from the Temple Mission) to the Temple of Fate. In the end, the Orange Team becomes the third team to be eliminated from the competition.
Hang 5.
In the opening, the Red Team reads the Orange Team's farewell note and end up receiving their Knowledge piece, putting them in the lead with four pieces, Green is in second with three pieces, Blue in third with two, and Purple in last with only one. The four remaining teams compete for the Strength piece in the next mission, where one team member holds onto a bar suspended over the water while their partner sits on top and moves their partner across. The team member hanging onto the bar has to transport five team-colored triangles back to the other side, one at a time. The first place team receives the Strength piece and, once again, control over the Samadhi. In the end, the Green Team wins, continuing their legendary winning streak, and then argue fiercely over who should get the Samadhi. In the end, Erika tells Jeszie to give the Smadhi to the Red Team, which ends up happening. Franke breaks it open and inside, the Red Team discovers a drawing of a clock with both hands pointing to the number 60.
Cubed.
In the second-to-last Temple Mission, the teams have to assemble a team-colored cube before the other teams do, making this a mental challenge. Because they got the Samadhi, the Red Team is forced to sit out for one minute before starting, but they never get the chance, because, in a shocking development, the Purple Team wins in 51 seconds. When announcing who they are sending to the Temple of Fate, Purple spares the Green Team because of their still-going alliance, sending Red and Blue to the Temple each a second time. In the end, the Red Team wins and is locked into the Final 3, while the Blue Team leaves the competition.
Create Your Own Game 2.
As the Blue team leaves their Courage and Commitment pieces to the Green Team, putting them in the lead with six Pyramid Pieces (the Red Team is in second with four pieces, while the Purple Team still has only one), the "Create Your Own Game" challenge returns to the show as the second-to-last mission this season. The Final 3 design a 3-legged race type of game, where the teams, with their ankles tied together, have to knock down 5 team-colored cubes off a barrel at the same time, before grabbing three blocks and making their way through the rope obstacle course. Once that's done with, the blocks have to be balanced on a cylinder all the way back to the starting line. The winner gets the Samadhi and the Ingenuity piece. In the end, the Purple Team wins their first and only Endurance mission and are put onto the board with two pieces and they give the Samadhi to the Green Team, who discover two ten-pound weights hidden inside.
Circle of Trust.
In the final "Endurance 4" Temple Mission, the teams have to hang on to a square-shaped bar while being held up by bungee chords. The last team hanging on to each other gets a spot in the Final 2 while the losing two teams go to the Temple of Fate. In the end, Erika proves her strength yet again by winning the challenge for the Red Team, sending Purple and Green to the temple (the second time Purple has visited the temple). Sadly in the end, the Green Team is eliminated and the Purple Team is locked into the Final 2.
Spin Fly.
In the final "Endurance 4" Mission, the Red and Purple teams must compete for the Friendship piece, and the six pieces that the Green Team left behind: Leadership, Teamwork, Courage, Commitment, Strength, and Luck. Red and Purple create memorials for their previously departed teammates/friends and competes in their final mission: one team member from each team is suspended from a beam and has throw sandbags onto one of the pieces in order to claim it. The other teammates have to run in a circle to give their partners momentum before joining in the game. Purple ends up getting Green's Leadership piece, the Friendship piece, the Strength piece, and Gray's Commitment piece, while Red ends up getting the Luck piece, Blue's Courage piece, and the Teamwork piece. The mission puts Red in the lead with seven pieces, and Purple in second with six pieces. In the end, the teams prepare to head to their final challenge in the Temple of Fate and J.D. presents a preview of the finale.
Finale 4.
Before going into the final challenge at the Temple of Fate, Franke, Jonathan, Daniella, and Erika are each given a log with the season's artwork etched onto one side as a reminder of what the four accomplished in the game. After making their last confessionals and talking about how they would miss the mountains, they head to the Temple for the finale challenge, which, as usual, involves putting the Pyramid Pieces earned in the game in front of a silver pyramid (the number of pyramids increases by one each round) and the team with the gold pyramid gets all of the pieces on the table. The game keeps going until one team has won all thirteen pieces. In the end, the Red Team, Franke and Erika, after six tormenting rounds, become the "Endurance: Tehachapi" champions, winning the grand prize trip to Costa Rica for an eight-day trip, where they help researchers track the endangered sea turtle, and get up close and personal with rain forest creatures from an observation deck 100 feet high up in the air.
Best of Endurance: Tehachapi.
J.D. recaps the entire fourth season of "Endurance".
Top 10 Games.
J.D. reveals the top 10 missions of "Endurance: Tehachapi".

</doc>
<doc id="9840079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840079" title="O. Meredith Wilson">
O. Meredith Wilson

Owen Meredith Wilson (September 21, 1909 – November 7, 1998) was a historian and academic administrator. He served as president of the University of Oregon from 1954 to 1960 and as president of the University of Minnesota from 1960 to 1967.
The son of Guy C. Wilson and Melissa Stevens, Wilson was born in the Mexican Mormon colony of Colonia Juárez, Chihuahua, on September 21, 1909. His family was displaced by the Mexican Revolution a few years later and moved to a ranch near the Rio Grande. Wilson attended the University of Utah and Brigham Young University. He received a doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1943. He taught at the University of Chicago and the University of Utah and researched colonial and revolutionary American history.
Wilson became the ninth president of the University of Oregon in 1954. He was credited with intensifying tenure requirements and creating the Institute of Molecular Biology. In 1960, he left Oregon to become the ninth president of the University of Minnesota. Wilson presided over much of the construction of the West Bank campus, though it had been planned previously. Wilson amended the plans, however, to include a major research library on the West Bank, which now is named in his honor. Wilson left the University of Minnesota in 1967 to become director of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences, at Stanford University.
Wilson worked as chair of the American Council on Education and headed of the board of Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
Wilson died from brain cancer on November 7, 1998 at his home in Eugene, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="9840108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840108" title="2004 Minnesota Vikings season">
2004 Minnesota Vikings season

2004 was the 44th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 85th regular season of the National Football League.
The Vikings finished the 2004 season going 3–7 over the final 10 weeks just like they did in 2003. However, they made the playoffs with an 8–8 record. Daunte Culpepper amassed MVP-like statistics, throwing for 4,717 passing yards (leading the NFL), 39 passing touchdowns (a Viking record), and 5,123 total yards (an NFL record). In the wild card matchup, the Vikings defeated the rival Green Bay Packers in their first ever playoff meeting, 31–17, becoming the second team in NFL history to have a .500 record (8–8) in the regular season and win a playoff game (the first team to do it was the St. Louis Rams, who beat Seattle 27–20 the day before the Vikings-Packers game took place). In the divisional round, the Vikings were defeated by the eventual NFC champion Philadelphia Eagles 27–14, ending their season in a game noted for Viking penalties, turnovers, and other miscues.

</doc>
<doc id="9840162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840162" title="2005 Minnesota Vikings season">
2005 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2005 was the 45th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 86th regular season of the National Football League.
Offseason.
Red McCombs sold the Minnesota Vikings to a group led by Zygi Wilf in May 2005. Wilf was originally going to be a limited partner to Reggie Fowler. However Fowler was not able to purchase the team. Wilf then became the lead owner and Fowler is one of a group of ownership partners.
Regular season.
The Vikings started off by losing their first two games to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (24–13) and the Cincinnati Bengals (37–8). They would win in Week 3 against the New Orleans Saints (33–16), but then they would go on to lose their next two road games to the Atlanta Falcons (30–10) and their division rival Chicago Bears (28–3). The Vikings would win at home against fellow division rival Green Bay Packers 23–20 by winning the same way the Packers did last season, which was a last second field goal. However, the Vikes had little to celebrate when in the next week- not only did they lose to the Carolina Panthers 38–13 on the road, but they also lost their star QB Daunte Culpepper for the season with a knee injury. Culpepper had thrown twice as many interceptions as touchdowns up at that point. At this point the Vikings were 2–5.
Taking Culpepper's place would be Brad Johnson (Viking from 1992–98 and quarterback of the Super Bowl XXXVII champion Buccaneers) and, upon taking over, led the Vikings to a six-game winning streak, including victories over the Detroit Lions at home (27–14), the New York Giants (24–21), the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field (20–17, once again on a last second field goal), the Cleveland Browns (24–12), the Detroit Lions at Ford Field (21–16), and a 27–13 home victory over the St. Louis Rams. Johnson ended up with the lowest interception to attempt ratio in Vikings history and the 3rd best passer rating in the NFC. The streak ended with an 18–3 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers, the eventual Super Bowl champions. After having their chances of winning the NFC North extinguished when the Bears defeated the Packers 24–17 in Lambeau Field earlier in the day, the Vikings were officially eliminated from NFC playoff contention with a 30–23 loss to the Baltimore Ravens. The Vikings won their last game of the 2005 season against the Bears, with a 34–10 victory. However, the Vikings fired head coach Mike Tice immediately following the game. They ended up with a 9–7 record and 1 win away from the playoffs.
The season is also remembered for the Love Boat scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9840179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840179" title="C. Peter Magrath">
C. Peter Magrath

Claude Peter Magrath is a higher education administrator who has served as provost or president at multiple American universities. He was born on April 23, 1933 in Brooklyn, New York and received political science degrees as an undergraduate at the University of New Hampshire and as a Ph.D. at Cornell University. He began his teaching and administrative career at Brown University during the years 1961-68 and later served as interim president at the University of Nebraska (where he was provost and held other positions, 1968–72). His first university presidency was at the State University of New York, Binghamton, 1972-74. He was the eleventh president of the University of Minnesota, serving from 1974 to 1984. From 1985 to 1991 he was president of the University of Missouri System. From 1992 to 2005 he was president of the National Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges. Beginning in 2006, he served as senior advisor to the College Board. On July 8, 2008 was named interim president of West Virginia University. 
On January 2, 2010 while vacationing in New Zealand, his wife Deborah Howell, a Washington Post newspaper editor, died after being hit by a car.
On May 20, 2010, State University of New York (SUNY) Chancellor Nancy Zimpher nominated him as the interim president of Binghamton University. He previously served as president of Binghamton from 1972 to 1974. He assumed the office on July 1 after confirmation by the SUNY Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="9840193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840193" title="Joe Ferguson (disambiguation)">
Joe Ferguson (disambiguation)

Joe Ferguson is a former American football quarterback in the NFL.
Joe Ferguson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840203" title="List of longest runways">
List of longest runways

Although runway length may be of some academic interest, in terms of usability for airline operations, a runway of at least in length is usually adequate for aircraft weights below approximately . Large aircraft, primarily the Wide-body aircraft: Airbus A310, A330, A340, A350, A380; Boeing 747, 767, 777, 787; McDonnell Douglas DC-10, MD-11; Ilyushin Il-86, Il-96; and the Lockheed L1011, will usually require at least at sea level and somewhat more at higher elevation airports. International wide body flights may also have landing requirements of or more and takeoff requirements of or more.
At sea level, can be considered an adequate length to accommodate virtually any aircraft. For example, at O'Hare International Airport, when landing simultaneously on 22R and 27L or parallel 27R, it is routine for arrivals from the Far East which would normally be vectored for 22R () or 27R () to request 27L ().

</doc>
<doc id="9840209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840209" title="White dwarf (disambiguation)">
White dwarf (disambiguation)

A white dwarf is a compact star that is no longer generating energy through nuclear fusion at its core.
White dwarf may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840221" title="VV Humann Essen">
VV Humann Essen

VV Humann Essen (the abbreviation for "Volleyball Verein Humann Essen, English: "Volleyball Club Humann Essen") is a volleyball club in Essen, Germany.
The club was founded in 1967 and has achieved some success, most recently appearing in the top German volleyball league in the 2005–06 season, having achieved the feat of a perfect series in the 2004–05 season on the way to promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="9840236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840236" title="Kaduna Mafia">
Kaduna Mafia

Kaduna Mafia is a name given to a loose group of young Northern Nigerian intellectuals, civil servants, business tycoons and military officers residing or conducting business in the former Northern capital city of Kaduna during the end of the first republic. However, it is different from the American version of the mafia.
It is believed the resentment of competing interests led to the creation of the acerbic idea of a clique gaining headway through its closeness to power and thereby approximating resources of the state under the banner of capitalism. The group supposedly achieved most success during the first era of Obasanjo's government, where many of its members were appointed to key positions of power and used its alliance to obtain patronage and disburse favor to friends and associates. The term Kaduna mafia was supposedly popularized by a columnist, Mvendaga Jibo, who favored the old clique of rulers in the Yakubu Gowon and Balewa administration.
Background.
Nigeria's Foundation.
The historical genetic configuration of most modern African states is dominated by a coherent theme of an exploitative, cultural bourgeoisie who engage in chicanery and the ability to make docile the common man in order to engage in its greedy and selfish intentions and acquire power which is then used partly to mitigate against any opposition from cultural and political enemies. These states were originally made up of varied cultural, ethnic and racial groups with little intent to come under the same political tent under the principles of equity or fairness in the rocky political, economic, and social terrain. The new colonial nation-state, a mixture of different religious, ethnic and cultural groups forced to unite without a common external enemy then becomes exposed sometimes violently to its inherent cultural, religious and ethnic cleavages. A fertile and emerging force of clientele economics, capitalism and favoritism based on cultural affiliations becomes a weapon that can be used to foster an individual's self-interest. The exploitation of the inherent cleavages by elites based on their own selfish and provincial interests becomes a political weapon to gain a strong foundation against destructive attacks from other groups, gain a strong foothold in the economy and weaken fair criticism based on viable objections. This is magnified by the herd support given to ethnic or provincial politicians and leaders.
History.
The origins of the Kaduna mafia revolves around 
the demise of the first republic. The loss of many northern leaders in the coup prodded a group of northern civil servants to rally around and oppose the new government of General Aguiyi Ironsi. The group, a diverse mixture of aristocrats and civil servants who were predominantly Muslim and based in Kaduna. Many of its members were educated at the famous Barewa College in Zaria, and had demonstrated a certain level of managerial competence in comparison to some of their older contemporaries. They were known for their intelligence, commitment to the traditional values and socio-political interests of Northern Nigeria and their internal camaraderie. Members were involved in varied aspects of the Nigerian nation, they were bank directors, ministers, military colonels and owners of business; their main differentiating symbol was the prominence of economic interest as a driving factor in their activities. The group thrived on an elaborate network of power alliances among northern aristocrats and government sympathizers who favored the groups pro northern and Islamic bent. Famous members and allies includes, Adamu Ciroma, Mamman Daura, Ibrahim Tahir, Mahmud Tukur, Gen.Shehu Musa Yar'Adua and Muhammadu Buhari.

</doc>
<doc id="9840262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840262" title="GOP (disambiguation)">
GOP (disambiguation)

GOP may refer to:
Gop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840275" title="Tkachenko">
Tkachenko

Tkachenko () is a common Ukrainian surname. "Tkachenko" is the central and eastern Ukrainian version of the western Ukrainian surname Tkachuk, meaning "weaver". Like other Ukrainian names ending in "-ko" or "-chenko", their heritage is rooted in the Polyans tribe that lived near modern-day Kiev.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840277" title="Kottarakkara Sree Mahaganapathi Kshethram">
Kottarakkara Sree Mahaganapathi Kshethram

Kottarakkara Sree Mahaganapathy Kshethram is a pilgrim centre in South India. It is centuries old and the most important Maha Ganapathi Temple in Kerala. Non-Hindus are permitted. It is the family of Lord Siva. This Ganapati temple is located in Kottarakkara which is 25 km from Kollam. 
Temple.
The deities of Kottarakkara Sree Mahaganapathy Kshethram are Lord Shiva, Goddess Parvati, Lord Ganesha, Lord Murugan, Lord Ayyappan, and Nagaraja. Even though the main deity is Lord Shiva, the main priority is given to Lord Ganesha. The main offerings of the temple are Unniyappam Udayasthamanapooja, Mahaganapathi homam and Pushpanjali.
Shri Ganapthy.
Ganapathy is the leader of the Ganas, i.e., the leader of groups, tribes, race, army, escorts, and hence Lord Siva’s son is described as the supreme leader (Vinayaka). He is also known as Vigneswara — Lord of all obstacles. These names clearly show that He is a master of all Circumstances.
Ganapathy is represented as yellow skinned, short with a big round belly, elephant headed with one trunk, four arms, large ears, bright shining eyes.
There are multiple versions about the origin of Lord Vinayaka. According to the Varahapurana, once upon a time the Devas approached Lord Siva and submitted before him the need of a baby who can do away with all obstacles. With the consent of Parvathy devi, Siva agreed to the proposal. Devi become pregnant and gave birth to a beautiful baby. The ladies of Devalokam gathered around him. Keeping in mind the character of the ladies Parvathy blessed her child with these words: “May your beauty change to that of a tusker headed body with a big belly.” Her desire was fulfilled. But Lord Siva, though unhappy, named him Ganesa and he blessed Ganesha saying, ”Your position will be above all Ganas. All gods will acknowledge the prominence of Ganesa, and those who are not ready to worship you will fall into deep waters."
The Skandapurana says that Ganapathy was formed from the dirt collected from the body of Goddess Parvathy. Devi created an extraordinary elephant-headed creature with four arms and deputed him to safeguard the entrance towards the Chandraprathishta, which was being performed in heaven.
As per the Matsyapurana, Lord Siva had the habit of peeping while Goddess Parvathy had her oil bath. On one occasion Devi come across the peeping Siva. Though her husband, she did not like this action of his. Parvathy thus created a figure out of the dirt she had washed away from her body and give breathe to it by sprinkling water from the Ganges. As usual Siva tried to enter the bathing place of Parvathy. The guard didn’t allow him in. Furious, Siva cut the guard’s throat. Fearing Parvathy’s anger, Siva swiftly went out. He saw an elephant there, cut down its head and fixed it to the body of Parvathy’s creation. Thus was born Parvathy’s son, the elephant headed Ganapathy.
According to the Padmapurana, Parvathy, like all of God’s creations, had the desire to give birth to a son who would be the embodiment of all virtue. For this she prayed to God Vishnu who appeared before her. He granted her wish by taking birth in her womb. The son thus born to Parvathy is Ganapathy.
The Uthararamayana, portrays Siva and Parvathy as a couple who were interested in novel ways of sexual intercourse. One day they accepted the posture of an elephant, and thus was born the elephant headed Ganapathy.

</doc>
<doc id="9840292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840292" title="Joseph Edward Gallo">
Joseph Edward Gallo

Joseph Edward Gallo (September 11, 1919 – February 17, 2007) was the brother of Ernest Gallo and Julio Gallo and owner of Joseph Gallo Farms, a producer of cheeses.
Biography.
He was born on September 11, 1919 in Antioch, California. His brothers were Ernest Gallo and Julio Gallo. He attended Modesto Junior College and then enlisted in the Army Air Corps during World War II. 
He founded one of the largest family-owned dairy operations in the world, Joseph Gallo Farms, which produces dairy products including a variety of cheeses. Joseph was sued by his brothers and forced to stop using the Gallo name on his cheese, thereafter labeled Joseph Farms.
He died on February 17, 2007 from a series of strokes.

</doc>
<doc id="9840321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840321" title="John Hoffman">
John Hoffman

John Hoffman can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840335" title="Teaching Museum North">
Teaching Museum North

The Teaching Museum North is located in Roswell, Georgia (U.S. state), U.S.A. The Museum offers participatory educational programs and exhibits for primary and secondary school children in the Fulton County School System and well as students from other schools.
History.
The Fulton County Public Schools Foundation, Inc. established two teaching museums in the spring of 1991. Teaching Museum North is located in the former Roswell Elementary site on Mimosa Boulevard. The Teaching Museum South located at North Avenue Elementary in Hapeville is the South Fulton County site.

</doc>
<doc id="9840339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840339" title="Japan Entertainment Television">
Japan Entertainment Television

Japan Entertainment Television, or JET TV, is a television station in Taiwan that broadcasts programs relating to aspects of Japanese culture. JET TV was founded in Singapore in 1996, and expanded to Taiwan in January 1997 under SEC TV.
For a short time, it aired subtitled or dubbed Japanese TV shows, especially Japanese Dramas, in the Philippines before it went off the air.
External links.
Now Available On Kong Kong;Cable TV Hong Kong Channel 134

</doc>
<doc id="9840340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840340" title="The Things They Left Behind">
The Things They Left Behind

"The Things They Left Behind" is short story by Stephen King, originally published in the compilation "" edited by Ed McBain and published by Forge Books. It is one of three stories that is also available on audiobook compilation, in the "Transgressions" series, titled "Terror's Echo" and read by John Bedford Lloyd. It was later included in King's own 2008 collection Just After Sunset.
Plot summary.
Almost a year after 9/11, strange things start happening to narrator Scott Staley, who—at the time of the attacks—is employed at 'Light and Bell Insurance' on the 110th floor of the World Trade Center. Not only is Scott unable to get rid of his survivor's guilt (on 9/11 he followed an inner voice that told him to take a day off to enjoy the sun), but things belonging to his late colleagues start to appear in his apartment. A pair of sunglasses, a baseball bat, a farting cushion – Scott can easily identify them all. After convincing himself that they are no delusion and that others can see them, he tries throwing them away, yet they reappear after his return home.
He confides in Paula, a neighbor, who offers to stow away one of the things. It triggers the most horrible nightmare of Paula's life, recreating in her mind the last minutes of its proprietor. Paula immediately returns the object, but makes Scott understand his mission: he must give the things to the victims' immediate family – and on seeing the joy on their faces, he feels his guilt slowly fade away.
Adaptations in other media.
The story has been adapted into an extended short film by filmmaker Pablo Macho Maysonet IV, produced by Shattered Dreams Productions.
A new adaptation of the short story directed by Guillaume Heulard and Stéphane Valette is currently in film festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="9840355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840355" title="Em Bryant">
Em Bryant

Emmette "Em" Bryant (born November 4, 1938) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'1" guard from DePaul University, Bryant played eight seasons (1964–1972) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the New York Knicks, Boston Celtics and Buffalo Braves. He scored 3,722 points in his career and won a championship with the 1969 Celtics.

</doc>
<doc id="9840384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840384" title="Childhood arthritis">
Childhood arthritis

Childhood Arthritis (JA) also known as Juvenile arthritis is any form of arthritis or arthritis related conditions which affects individuals under the age of 16. Juvenile Arthritis is a chronic, autoimmune disease affecting approximately 294,000-250,000 children and teens making juvenile arthritis one of the most common childhood diseases in the US. Three classifications of juvenile arthritis exist-juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), juvenile chronic arthritis (JCA), and juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) of which, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is the most common.
Three main types of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis exist and classification is based upon symptoms, number of joints involved and the presence of antibodies in the blood. Polyarticular arthritis is the first type of arthritis which affects about 30-40% of children with arthritis and is more common in girls than boys. Typically five or more joints are affected (usually smaller joints such as the hands and feet but many also affect the hips, neck, shoulders and jaw). Oligoarticular (pauciarticular) arthritis can be early or late onset and is the second type of arthritis affecting about 50% of children with juvenile arthritis. This type affects fewer than four joints (usually the large joints such as knees, ankles or wrists) and may cause eye inflammation in girls with positive anti-nuclear antibodies (ANA). Girls younger than eight are more likely to develop this type of arthritis. Systemic is the final classification of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis where 10-20% of children (boys and girls equally) are affected with limited movement, swelling and pain in at least one joint. A common symptom of this type of arthritis is a high, spiking fever of or higher, lasting for weeks or months and a rash of pale red spots on the chest, thighs or other parts of the body may also be visible.
In most cases, juvenile arthritis is caused by the body attacking its own healthy cells and tissues causing the joint to become inflamed and stiff. Once the joint has become inflamed and stiff, damage is done to the joint and the growth of the joint may by changed or impaired. Early diagnosis and treatment by a paediatric rheumatologist or a rheumatologist can help manage inflammation, relieve pain, and prevent joint damage. Careful examination, laboratory tests (blood and urine), and X-rays may be some of the tests conducted by a doctor. The treatment of juvenile arthritis may include medications, therapy, splints and in severe cases surgery. These treatments are focused on reducing swelling, relieving pain and maintaining full movement of joints. Children are encouraged to be involved in extra-curricular activities, physical activity when possible, and to live a normal life.

</doc>
<doc id="9840389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840389" title="Ralph Inman">
Ralph Inman

Ralph Inman (1713–1788) was a merchant in 18th-century Boston, Massachusetts, with a residence in Cambridge. During the American Revolution he supported the British.
Portraits of Inman were made by Robert Feke and John Singleton Copley.

</doc>
<doc id="9840406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840406" title="Jeanne d'Arc (album)">
Jeanne d'Arc (album)

"Jeanne d'Arc" is a concept album by Italian symphonic power metal act Thy Majestie. Released in 2005 on Scarlet Records the album is based around the story of Joan of Arc (also known as Jeanne d'Arc). The album runs through her story beginning with her fate foretold by God, right up to her execution by burning at the stake. The album tells the story with a very epic and atmospheric mix of symphonic keyboard pieces and typical power metal techniques.
Track listing.
All music written by Giuseppe Bondi and all lyrics written by Claudio Diprima

</doc>
<doc id="9840407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840407" title="George King (basketball)">
George King (basketball)

George Smith King, Jr. (August 16, 1928 – October 5, 2006) was an American professional basketball player and collegiate coach. He was born in Charleston, West Virginia.
College playing career.
George King attended Morris Harvey College (now the University of Charleston), where he led his team to four NCAA championship tournaments. He averaged 31.2 points per game in 1950 and scored a total of 2,535 points in 117 games in his college career. He received his A.B. degree in physical education in 1950. In both his junior and senior years, he was named West Virginia's Amateur Athlete of the Year.
Professional playing career.
Syracuse Nationals, Cincinnati Royals.
1952–1958.
George King was picked in the 8th round of the 1950 NBA Draft. In 1955, King led the Syracuse Nationals to the Finals, where he hit the series-clinching free throw in Game 7 and had a key steal to win the championship. After five seasons with the Nationals, he spent his last season in the NBA with the Cincinnati Royals. He holds career averages of 10.3 points, 3.9 rebounds and 4.8 assists a game in six seasons.
In 1956, King toured eleven Middle East countries with the Nationals for the Educational Exchange Service of the State Department. A year later, he became the first American to give basketball coaching clinics in Africa.
College coaching career.
Morris Harvey College.
After his tenure with the Nationals, King spent a season coaching college basketball at his alma mater, Morris Harvey, before returning for his last season in the NBA with the Royals. 
West Virginia.
George King began his coaching career at West Virginia University as an assistant under head coach Fred Schaus. In 1961, he became the head coach after Schaus left for the chance to coach the Los Angeles Lakers. He coached the Mountaineers with an overall record of 102-43 and led them to three Southern Conference tournament championships and three NCAA Tournaments.
Before King began his coaching career, he received his master's degree in physical education at WVU in 1957 (before he ended his NBA career).
Purdue.
King moved onto coaching at Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana, where he took over for Ray Eddy at the head coaching position. During his tenure, he compiled a 109–64 record. He won a Big Ten Championship and took the Boilermakers to its only NCAA Finals appearance in 1969, losing to John Wooden's UCLA. On that 1968-69 season, Purdue led the nation with 94.8 points a game on a team consisted of notable players such as Rick Mount and Billy Keller. After stepping down as the head coach in 1972, he became the predecessor of his former West Virginia predecessor, Fred Schaus. He served as the school's athletic director from then on until 1992. <br>
For the next 21 years as Purdue's seventh athletics director, King directed the Boilermaker program through a period of tremendous growth and change. He oversaw the emergence of women's athletics at the varsity level at Purdue in 1976-77. Extremely revered by his peers in the profession, King served as President of the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics (NACDA), and chairperson of the NCAA's prestigious Committee on Committees and the NCAA Postseason Bowl (now known as Special Events) committee.
Later years and death.
King received an honorary doctorate from the renamed University of Charleston in 1983, when he was also named recipient of a Distinguished Alumni Award. He was named to the prestigious Honors Committee of the National Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Massachusetts, in 1982, and to the University of Charleston Athletic Hall of Fame in 1985. He also was honored as the recipient of NACDA's 1990 James J. Corbett Memorial Award. 
King retired from Purdue in 1992 and was named to the school's Hall of Fame in 2001.
King died at the age of 78 at the Hospice of Naples in Naples, Florida, around 11:30 a.m. of October 5, 2006, surrounded by his family. He is survived by his spouse of 57 years, Jeanne G. King; children George, Kristy Jeanne, Kathy Jan, Kerry Jo and Gordon Scott; 18 grandchildren; nine great grandchildren; many nieces and nephews; and two sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="9840408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840408" title="Klasies River Caves">
Klasies River Caves

The Klasies River Caves are a series of caves located to the east of the Klasies River mouth on the Tsitsikamma coast in the Humansdorp district of Eastern Cape Province, South Africa. The three main caves and two shelters at the base of a high cliff have revealed evidence of middle stone age-associated human habitation from approximately 125,000 years ago. The 20 m thick deposits were accumulated from 125,000 years ago. Around 75,000 years ago during cave remodelling the stratigraphic sediments were moved out into external middens. 
In 1998, the South African government submitted a proposal to add the caves to the list of World Heritage Sites. 
From 1960 Ronald Singer, Ray Inskeep, John Wymer, Hilary Deacon, Richard Klein and others suggested the excavation yielded the earliest known remains of anatomically modern humans and behaviourally modern humans in the world. Further analysis suggested that those specimens fall "outside the range of modern variation".
Paleolithic and Mesolithic Behaviour.
There is a 20-metre thick accumulation of deposits, both inside the caves and outside against the cliff face, proving that Klasies River Mouth people knew how to hunt small game, fish (later), gather plants and roots, cook by roasting on hearths, and manage their land (later). There is extensive evidence of shellfish collecting; MSA stone artefact technology; gathering plants, roots and flowers for food; cooking plants, corms, seal, penguins, and antelope meat on hearths with fire; general organisation of the settlement; and land/veld management by fire. The evidence also appears to indicate that their presence was seasonal or migratory. There is also evidence of cannibalism, charred and carved 'modern human' bones discarded with other food remnants.
While Middle Stone Age (MSA) assemblage associated with those people are described as "anatomically modern", there is ongoing debate about when they were also "behaviourally modern". There is a marked difference between the Paleolithic stone technology used in the earliest layers from 125,000 years ago, and the superior MST blades of the 70,000-year old Howiesons Poort period that used raw material which had been 'mined' 20 kilometres inland. There is also a differentiation between the Paleolithic food detritus that accumulated underfoot inside the caves 125,000 years ago, but was ejected and accumulated into external middens by the MST occupants circa 75,000 years ago. This 'housekeeping' is an indicator that 'at least half of our species' had evolved 'modern behaviour' by the MSA. 
Analysis of 14 proximal ulnar dimensions compared to morphological properties of African archaic humans, and Levantine Mousterian, archaic European humans, west Asian and, European Upper Paleolithic, African Epipaleolithic and recent modern human also of recent African descent suggest an archaic total morphological pattern for the KRM specimens. "MSA-associated humans from KRM may not be as modern as has been claimed from the craniofacial material"
The hominin specimens include cranial fragments, mandibles with teeth, and a few postcranial remains: ulna and five metatarsal bones.
Discovery and excavation.
The artifacts and bones were originally reported by Paul Haslem and Ludwig Abel, then in 1960 Ray Inskeep and Ronald Singer identified the artifacts as Middle Stone Age. In 1967 and 1968 Ronald Singer and John Wymer started extensive excavations, with their initial findings published in 1972 by the University of Chicago Press. Since 1984 research has been continued by Hilary Deacon.
The site is now protected by the South African Heritage Resources Agency (SAHRA), and the Department of Environment Affairs and Tourism.
Locations.
The five caves are dotted eastwards along the coast within 2 kilometres of Klasies River mouth, and the complete stretch to Druipkelder Point is designated as a National heritage site.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="9840410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840410" title="Kin Games">
Kin Games

Kin Games is the largest student run physical education conference in Canada, a yearly tradition. It is run by university students in kinesiology or one of the related health sciences fields from the hosting university.
Format.
The games are held in an Olympic style tournament, with a multitude of sports (the sports may vary from year to year). There is also an academic challenge as well as team dance competition and team spirit category. The university group that performs the best overall wins "The Shoe"; the most prestigious of awards available for a physical education faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="9840439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840439" title="2007 Minnesota Vikings season">
2007 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2007 Minnesota Vikings season was the team's 47th season in the National Football League. The Viking's 8–8 record under second year head coach Brad Childress was an improvement on their 6–10 record in 2006; nonetheless, for the third straight year, the Vikings failed to make the playoffs. The Vikings also lost both games to the Packers in the 2007 season, making head coach Brad Childress 0–4 against the division rivals from Wisconsin.
The Vikings finished the season with the best defense against the run, as well as the best rushing offense with (primarily) running backs Adrian Peterson and Chester Taylor. Adrian Peterson was named 2007 Offensive Rookie of the Year for 2007.
The Vikings' defense was the league's best against the run in 2007, allowing only 74.1 rushing yards per game. However, the Vikings pass defense surrendered 4,225 passing yards, the most in the NFL in 2007.
Offseason.
The Vikings began the 2007 offseason by losing their Defensive Coordinator Mike Tomlin who was hired to be the head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers on January 21, 2007. Coach Brad Childress waited until after the Super Bowl to hire Leslie Frazier, who served as Special Assistant to the Head Coach/Defensive Backs Coach under Tony Dungy. Frazier left the Indianapolis Colts to become the Vikings new Defensive Coordinator on February 8. Frazier played Cornerback for the 1985 Chicago Bears, and was fresh off of a Super Bowl XLI victory over his former Bears team when he was hired by the Vikings.
2007 Vikings Player Movement.
Re-signed- Status
Additions- Status (Old Team)
Subtractions- Status (New Team)
Last Updated 3/23/07 (DTR)
Regular season.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Week 1: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
The Vikings began their 2007 campaign at home against the Atlanta Falcons. In the first quarter, Minnesota scored first with DT Kevin Williams returning an interception 54 yards for a touchdown. It was the only score of the first half. In the third quarter, kicker Ryan Longwell kicked a 49-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Falcons would get their only score of the game, with kicker Matt Prater getting a 45-yard field goal. From there, the Vikings had the only offense with QB Tarvaris Jackson completing a 60-yard TD pass to rookie RB Adrian Peterson. Cornerback Antoine Winfield returned an interception 14 yards for a touchdown.
With the win, Minnesota began its season at 1–0.
Scoring summary
Q1 – MIN – 7:56 – Kevin Williams 54-yard interception return TD (Ryan Longwell kick) (MIN 7–0)
Q3 – MIN – 1:51 – Ryan Longwell 49-yard FG (MIN 10–0)
Q4 – ATL – 9:28 – Matt Prater 45-yard FG (MIN 10–3)
Q4 – MIN – 7:31 – 60-yard TD pass from Tarvaris Jackson to Adrian Peterson (Longwell kick) (MIN 17–3)
Q4 – MIN – 2:48 – Antoine Winfield 14-yard interception return TD (Longwell kick) (MIN 24–3)
Week 2: at Detroit Lions.
Game summary
Following their home win over the Falcons, the Vikings flew to Ford Field for a Week 2 divisional match-up with the Detroit Lions. After a scoreless first quarter, Minnesota trailed early as Lions QB Jon Kitna completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams. The Vikings would tie the game with QB Tarvaris Jackson getting a 1-yard TD run. However, Detroit retook the lead with kicker Jason Hanson's 30-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Lions increased their lead with QB J. T. O'Sullivan's 7-yard TD pass to WR Calvin Johnson. Minnesota would tie the game with kicker Ryan Longwell's 32-yard field goal and DE Ray Edwards' 9-yard fumble return for a touchdown. After both teams failed to score in the fourth quarter, the Vikings would get the ball to begin overtime. However, nine plays into their drive, back-up QB Brooks Bollinger would fumble the ball and Detroit would recover it (which would be the game's 10th overall turnover). In the end, the Lions turned the fumble into Hanson's game-winning 37-yard field goal.
With the loss, Minnesota fell to 1–1.
Scoring summary
Q2 – DET – 11:09 – 9-yard TD pass from Jon Kitna to Roy Williams (Jason Hanson kick) (DET 7–0)
Q2 – MIN – 8:25 – Tarvaris Jackson 1-yard TD run (Ryan Longwell kick) (7–7)
Q2 – DET – 1:06 – Hanson 30-yard FG (DET 10–7)
Q3 – DET – 10:06 – 7-yard TD pass from J. T. O'Sullivan to Calvin Johnson (Hanson kick) (DET 17–7)
Q3 – MIN – 5:57 – Longwell 32-yard FG (DET 17–10)
Q3 – MIN – 5:08 – Ray Edwards 9-yard fumble return TD (Longwell kick) (17–17)
OT – DET – 8:55 – Hanson 37-yard FG (DET 20–17)
Week 3: at Kansas City Chiefs.
Following their divisional road loss to the Lions, the Vikings flew to Arrowhead Stadium for an interconference duel with the Kansas City Chiefs. In the first quarter, the Vikes rookie RB Adrian Peterson got an 11-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Minnesota increased its lead with kicker Ryan Longwell getting a 22-yard field goal. The Chiefs would end the half with kicker Dave Rayner getting a 39-yard field goal.
In the second half, Kansas City were the only team to score. In the third quarter, K.C. drew closer with Rayner kicking a 49-yard field goal, while in the fourth quarter, the Chiefs closed out a win with QB Damon Huard completing a 16-yard TD pass to WR Dwayne Bowe.
With the loss, the Vikings fell to 1–2.
Week 4: vs. Green Bay Packers.
Trying to snap a two-game skid, the Vikings went home, donned their throwback uniforms, and prepared for an NFC North duel with the Green Bay Packers. With QB Tarvaris Jackson recovering from injuries, QB Kelly Holcomb would get the start for the game. In the first quarter, the Vikes trailed early as QB Brett Favre threw career TD pass #421 to WR Greg Jennings on a 16-yard pass, surpassing Dan Marino for the most career touchdown passes by a quarterback. After Favre was honored for his accomplishment, Minnesota drew close with kicker Ryan Longwell getting a 44-yard and 35-yard field goal. Green Bay would end the half with kicker Mason Crosby getting a 28-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Crosby kicked a 44-yard field goal for the Packers. The Vikings would respond with Longwell kicking a 48-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Minnesota's deficit increased with Crosby kicking a 33-yard field goal, along with Favre completing a 33-yard TD pass (#422) to WR James Jones. Minnesota tried to rebound with Holcomb completing a 15-yard TD pass to rookie WR Sidney Rice, along with recovering a Green Bay fumble. However, Holcomb was subsequently intercepted by Atari Bigby. A noteworthy accomplishment for Minnesota was rookie RB Adrian Peterson becoming the first Vikings rookie RB since Chuck Foreman to get a 100-yard rushing game for his first three games as a starter, as he ran 12 times for 112 yards.
With the loss, the Vikings entered their bye week at 1–3.
Week 6: at Chicago Bears.
Coming off their bye week, the Vikings went to Soldier Field for a Week 6 NFC North contest against the Chicago Bears. In the first quarter, Minnesota trailed early as Bears WR/KR/PR Devin Hester returned a punt 89 yards for a touchdown. The Vikings responded with QB Tarvaris Jackson completed a 60-yard TD pass to WR Troy Williamson. In the second quarter, Chicago's Brian Griese completed a 39-yard TD pass to WR Bernard Berrian. Afterwards, Minnesota answered with rookie RB Adrian Peterson getting a 67-yard TD run.
In the third quarter, the Vikings took the lead with Peterson getting a 73-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Minnesota increased its lead with kicker Ryan Longwell getting a 48-yard field goal. The Bears would reply with kicker Robbie Gould getting a 32-yard field goal. The Vikings would answer with Peterson getting a 35-yard TD run. Chicago would tie the game with Griese completing a 33-yard TD pass to WR Muhsin Muhammad, along with an 81-yard TD pass to Hester. But on the ensuing kickoff, Adrian Peterson sprinted all the way down to the Chicago 38-yard line, setting up Ryan Longwell's game-winning 55-yard field goal.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 2–3, largely in part to Peterson's 224 rushing yards, which put him 5th for the most rookie rushing yards in one game. Up to this point, he had a total of 607 rushing yards, which placed him second for the most rookie rushing yards through the first five games, only behind Eric Dickerson. He also broke the NFL record for most all purpose yards in a single game, with 361.
Week 7: at Dallas Cowboys.
Coming off their impressive divisional road win over the Bears, the Vikings flew to Texas Stadium for a Week 7 intraconference duel with the Dallas Cowboys. In the first quarter, Minnesota trailed early as Cowboys QB Tony Romo completed a 5-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens. The Vikings would respond with rookie RB Adrian Peterson getting a 20-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Minnesota had an abnormal defensive touchdown, as LB Ben Leber picked up a Patrick Crayton fumble, ran a couple of yards, lateraled the ball to CB Cedric Griffin, who would eventually fumble and recover the ball at Dallas' 28-yard line, and then run into the endzone for a touchdown.
In the third quarter, the Vikes began to struggle as Cowboys RB Marion Barber got a 1-yard TD run, while safety Pat Watkins returned a blocked field goal 68 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, Dallas closed out the win with kicker Nick Folk getting a 45-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Vikings fell to 2–4.
Week 8: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Cowboys, the Vikings came home for a Week 8 intraconference duel with the Philadelphia Eagles. With starting QB Tarvaris Jackson out with a thumb injury, veteran back-up Kelly Holcomb got the start. Also, head coach Brad Childress would go up against his mentor, Philadelphia coach Andy Reid.
In the first quarter, Minnesota took the early lead as Holcomb completed a 9-yard TD pass to TE Visanthe Shiancoe. The Eagles would respond with kicker David Akers getting a 20-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Vikings trailed as Philadelphia RB Brian Westbrook caught a 6-yard TD pass from QB Donovan McNabb, along with getting a 1-yard TD run. Minnesota's only response for the period was kicker Ryan Longwell getting a 39-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Eagles increased their lead with Akers kicking a 27-yard field goal, while the Vikings' Longwell got a 32-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Minnesota drew closer as Longwell kicked a 48-yard field goal. Unfortunately, Philadelphia sealed its win with Akers hitting a 25-yard field goal.
With their second-straight loss, the Vikings fell to 2–5.
Holcomb (7/16 for 88 yards and 1 touchdown) left in the game in the third quarter, due to a concussion he suffered from a sack. QB Brooks Bollinger (7/10 for 94 yards) came in to finish the game.
Week 9: vs. San Diego Chargers.
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Eagles, the Vikings stayed at home and played a Week 9 interconference game against the San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter, Minnesota trailed early as Chargers RB LaDainian Tomlinson got a 1-yard TD run. The Vikings responded with RB Adrian Peterson getting a 1-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the period was mainly scoreless until the final play of the half when kicker Ryan Longwell's 57-yard field goal attempt was short and San Diego CB Antonio Cromartie returned it 109 yards for a touchdown, which became the longest play in NFL history.
In the third quarter, Minnesota was the only team to score as Peterson got a 64-yard TD run, along with QB Brooks Bollinger completing a 40-yard TD pass to WR Sidney Rice. In the fourth quarter, the Chargers tried to come back as kicker Nate Kaeding hit a 36-yard field goal. The Vikings pulled away as Peterson broke a 46-yard TD run and RB Chester Taylor punched in a 2-yard score.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 3–5. Adrian Peterson had 30 carries for an NFL single game record 296 rushing yards, along with 3 touchdowns.
QB Tarvaris Jackson (6/12 for 63 yards), who originally got the start, left the game in the second quarter after suffering a concussion.
Week 10: at Green Bay Packers.
Playing their first road game in three weeks, the Vikings traveled to Lambeau Field to play their long-time rivals, the Green Bay Packers.
In the first half, a 30-yard run by Ryan Grant would give the Packers a 7–0 lead, and two field goals by Mason Crosby (a 39-yard field goal midway through the 2nd quarter and a 24-yard field goal at the end of the half) would provide all the first half scoring, as the Vikings went to the locker room trailing 13–0.
The Packers completed the shutout with Brett Favre throwing a pair of third-quarter touchdown passes, one to Donald Lee and one to Ruvell Martin. Martin would score again in the 4th quarter. The Vikings were shut out 34–0, the first time the Vikings had been shut out in the regular season since 1991.
Adrian Peterson suffered a knee injury in the 3rd quarter and left the game.
With the loss, Minnesota fell to 3–6 and were swept by the Packers.
Week 11: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional road loss to the Packers, the Vikings Week 11 opponent was the Oakland Raiders along with former Vikings quarterback Daunte Culpepper. Minnesota scored first as RB Chester Taylor got a 10-yard TD run, along with a safety (due to Culpepper committing a penalty while in his own endzone). The Raiders would get on the board with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 42-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Vikings added onto their lead as kicker Ryan Longwell hit a 30-yard field goal, yet Oakland took the lead with Culpepper completing a 10-yard TD pass to TE John Madsen, along with Janikowski kicking a 30-yard field goal. Minnesota regained the lead with Taylor getting a 38-yard TD run, while the Raiders finished the half with Janikowski kicking a 49-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Vikes improved their lead with Longwell kicking a 38-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Minnesota pulled away with Taylor getting a 6-yard TD run. Oakland's only response would be Janikowski hitting a 52-yard field goal.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 4–6.
For Chester Taylor, this game marked the first time in his career that he had 3 touchdowns in one game.
Week 12: vs New York Giants.
Coming off their home win over the Raiders, the Vikings flew to the Meadowlands for a Week 12 matchup with the New York Giants. In the first quarter, the Vikings scored first as QB Tarvaris Jackson completed a 60-yard TD pass to WR Sidney Rice. The Giants would respond with RB Reuben Droughns getting a 1-yard TD run. Minnesota regained the lead with safety Darren Sharper returning an interception 20 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter, the Vikings continued their scoring as RB Chester Taylor got an 8-yard TD run, while kicker Ryan Longwell managed to get a 46-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, New York tried to come back as kicker Lawrence Tynes hit a 26-yard field goal. Minnesota answered with Longwell kicking a 26-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Vikings pulled away with safety Dwight Smith returning an interception 93 yards for a touchdown, along with LB Chad Greenway returning an interception 37 yards for a touchdown. The Giants' only response would be QB Eli Manning's 6-yard TD pass to WR Plaxico Burress.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 5–6.
Minnesota's league-worst pass defense had a big game as they intercepted Eli Manning four times (1 from Sharper, 2 from Smith, & 1 from Greenway), with three of them getting returned for touchdowns (which is the most since the 1984 Seahawks returned 4 picks in one game). It set a franchise record for the most interception return yards in one game with 169.
Week 13: vs. Detroit Lions.
Coming off their road win over the Giants, the Vikings went home for a Week 13 divisional rematch with the Detroit Lions. In the first quarter, Minnesota scored first as RB Chester Taylor completed a 2-yard TD run. The Lions would reply with kicker Jason Hanson hitting a 37-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Minnesota answered with rookie RB Adrian Peterson getting a 16-yard TD run. Detroit would respond with QB Jon Kitna completing a 1-yard TD pass to TE/FB Casey Fitzsimmons. Afterwards, the Vikings immediately scored with rookie WR Aundrae Allison returning a kickoff 103 yards for a touchdown (a franchise best), while QB Tarvaris Jackson completing a 6-yard TD pass to WR Bobby Wade and a 2-yard TD pass to WR Sidney Rice. In the third quarter, Peterson added a 13-yard TD run.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 6–6.
This was the first time since their 15–1 season of 1998 that they were able to get 40+ points in back-to-back games.
Week 14: at San Francisco 49ers.
After their home win over the Lions, the Vikings flew to Bill Walsh Field at Monster Park for a Week 14 contest with the San Francisco 49ers. In the first quarter, Minnesota scored first as DT Kevin Williams returned an interception 18 yards for a touchdown, along with kicker Ryan Longwell getting a 48-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Vikings added to their lead as QB Tarvaris Jackson completed a 19-yard TD pass to WR Robert Ferguson. Longwell hit a 46-yard field goal, and RB Chester Taylor completed an 84-yard TD run. In the third quarter, the 49ers would get their only score of the game as QB Shaun Hill completed a 5-yard TD pass to WR Arnaz Battle.
With the win, Minnesota improved to 7–6.
Rookie RB Adrian Peterson ended the day with a career-low 3 yards rushing on 14 carries.
Week 15: vs. Chicago Bears.
After the west coast win over the 49ers, the Vikings went home for a Week 15 Monday night NFC North rematch with the Chicago Bears. Chicago's kicker Robbie Gould kicked a 29-yard field goal for the only score of the first quarter. In the second quarter, Minnesota responded with kicker Ryan Longwell getting a 42-yard field goal. Chicago would take the halftime lead with Gould kicking a 47-yard field goal and FB Jason McKie getting a 1-yard TD run.
In the third quarter, the Vikings started to rally as rookie RB Adrian Peterson got a 1-yard TD run (with a failed PAT) for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Vikings took the lead as Peterson got an 8-yard TD run. The Bears were unable to score in the second half.
With the win, the Vikings improved to 8–6.
Scoring Summary
Bears – Qtr 1 10:41 R.Gould 29 yd. Field Goal (4–3, 1:29) 3–0
Vikings – Qtr 2 10:07 R.Longwell 42 yd. Field Goal (6–38, 2:20) 3–3
Bears – Qtr 2 6:57 R.Gould 47 yd. Field Goal (8–14, 3:10) 6–3
Bears – Qtr 2 0:30 J.McKie 1 yd. run (R.Gould kick) (2–12, 0:13) 13–3
Vikings – Qtr 2 0:00 R.Longwell 48 yd. Field Goal (4–43, 0:30) 13–6
Vikings – Qtr 3 10:29 A.Peterson 1 yd. run (kick failed, wl) (4–73, 2:08) 13–12
Vikings – Qtr 4 10:56 A.Peterson 8 yd. run (B.Bollinger run) (11–65, 6:18) 13–20
Week 16: vs. Washington Redskins.
After the Monday night win over the Bears, the Vikings hosted the Washington Redskins. With a win, the Vikings would clinch an NFC playoff berth. The Redskins also needed a win to avoid elimination. Washington scored the only points in the first half, leading 22–0 at halftime on a safety and three touchdowns. Passes by Todd Collins to Chris Cooley and Santana Moss as well as a pass from Clinton Portis to Antwaan Randle El completed the scoring. 
After a field goal by Washington's Shaun Suisham to start the second half at 25–0, Minnesota answered with two touchdowns by Tarvaris Jackson: one a short pass to Jim Kleinsasser, the other a 6 yard quarterback rush. Each team would score an additional touchdown in the fourth quarter, bringing the final score to 32–21.
With the loss, the Vikings fell to 8–7, matching the Redskins' win-loss record. In order to secure a playoff spot, the Vikings need a win in Denver in week 17, as well as a loss by the Redskins against Dallas. Because of this loss in week 16, if Washington wins its last game, the Vikings will be eliminated from the playoffs regardless of the outcome of the Denver game.
Scoring Summary
Redskins – Qtr 1 10:51 T. Richardson tackled in endzone for safety 2–0
Redskins – Qtr 1 7:32 T. Collins pass of 33 yds (Suisham kick) (7–67, 3:19) 9–0
Redskins – Qtr 2 7:50 T. Collins pass of 32 yds (Suisham kick) (2–32, 0:11) 16–0
Redskins – Qtr 2 0:49 C. Portis pass of 15 yds (2-pt. conv. failed) (10–80, 3:30) 22–0
Redskins – Qtr 3 6:55 S. Suisham 26 yd. Field Goal (10–56, 4:53) 25–0
Vikings – Qtr 3 2:59 T. Jackson 2 yd. pass (R. Longwell kick) (7–77, 3:58) 25–7
Vikings – Qtr 4 10:24 T. Jackson 6 yd. run (R. Longwell kick) (9–51, 4:31) 25–14
Redskins – Qtr 4 5:12 C. Portis 13 yd. run (Suisham kick) (9–75, 5:12) 32–14
Vikings – Qtr 4 2:04 T. Jackson 1 yd run (R. Longwell kick) (13–72, 3:08) 32–21
Week 17: at Denver Broncos.
In the final game of the season, the Vikings lost in overtime to the Broncos. Trailing in the fourth quarter by 16, Minnesota was able to score two touchdowns (both passes from Tarvaris Jackson to Bobby Wade), and complete two two-point conversions, (both quarterback runs by Jackson) to tie the game at 19. In overtime, the Vikings had the ball first, but on the second play of their drive, Jackson was hit by Alvin McKinley and fumbled. The ball was recovered by Elvis Dumervil on Minnesota's 13 yd line. Jason Elam kicked a 30 yard game winning field goal.
Minnesota was eliminated from playoff contention based on the Redskins' victory over the Dallas Cowboys 27–6. The Vikings final record was 8–8.
Scoring summary
Vikings – Qtr 2 – 14:51 – 22 yd field goal by Ryan Longwell (13–56, 6:05) 3–0
Broncos – Qtr 2 – 11:25 – Jay Cutler 15 yd pass to Brandon Marshall (Elam kick) (6–74, 3:26) 3–7
Broncos – Qtr 2 – 1:54 – Cutler 2 yd pass to Tony Scheffler (Elam kick) (7–48, 4:09), 3–14
Broncos – Qtr 3 – 7:35 – Elam 43 yd field goal (13–52, 6:23) 3–17
Broncos – Qtr 4 – 13:13 – Vikings penalty in own endzone, resulting in safety 3–19
Vikings – Qtr 4 – 5:18 – Jackson 5 yd pass to Bobby Wade (2 pt conversion) (8–69, 2:46), 11–19
Vikings – Qtr 4 – 2:1 – Jackson 22 yd pass to Bobby Wade (2 pt conversion) (5–65, 1:51), 19–19
Broncos – OT – 14:08 – Elam 30 yd field goal (only play of drive) 19–22
Pro Bowl.
The Vikings had seven players selected to the 2008 Pro Bowl. [http://wcco.com/sports/nfl.pro.bowl.2.613687.html] Starting on offense were RB Adrian Peterson, fullback Tony Richardson and offensive guard Steve Hutchinson. Starting at defense were defensive tackles Kevin Williams and Pat Williams as well as strong safety Darren Sharper. The reserve center was Matt Birk. Only one team, the Dallas Cowboys, had more starters (7). Besides the 7 named players for Minnesota, kicker Ryan Longwell was named a first alternate, and special teams player Heath Farwell and left tackle Bryant McKinnie were named second alternates.
Draft position.
The Vikings finished the season tied with Arizona, Houston and Philadelphia. Because of the "Strength of Schedule" rule, they had the 17th pick in the 2008 NFL Draft (after Arizona but ahead of Houston and Philadelphia).

</doc>
<doc id="9840443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840443" title="Miguel de Azcuénaga">
Miguel de Azcuénaga

Miguel de Azcuénaga (June 4, 1754 – December 19, 1833) was an Argentine brigadier. Educated in Spain, at the University of Seville, Azucuenaga began his military career in the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata and became a member of the Primera Junta, the first autonomous government of modern Argentina. He was shortly exiled because of his support to the minister Mariano Moreno, and returned to Buenos Aires when the First Triumvirate replaced the Junta. He held several offices since then, most notably being the first Governor intendant of Buenos Aires after the May Revolution. He died at his country house (the modern Quinta de Olivos) in 1833.
Biography.
Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata.
Miguel de Azcuénaga was born in Buenos Aires on June 4, 1754. He was the son of Vicente de Azcuénaga Iturbe, a Spanish businessman from Biscay, and María Rosa de Basavilbaso y Urtubia, from Buenos Aires. The Azcuénaga-Basavilbaso had 4 sons and 3 daughters. Miguel de Azcuénaga was sent to Spain at an early age, to complete his elementary studies in Málaga and then attend the University of Seville. He returned to Buenos Aires in 1774, and made a new journey to Spain to oversee the business of his father.
He began his military career in the artillery of Buenos Aires, during the Spanish–Portuguese War, staying in that unit until the signing of the First Treaty of San Ildefonso that incorporated the Banda Oriental to the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata. With the war concluded, he became a "regidor" of the Buenos Aires Cabildo. He took the arms again in 1778, during an attack of the natives, and directed the operations at the fort in San Miguel del Monte. As Spain fought the American Revolutionary War, it was feared that Britain may launch a counteroffensive against the Spanish colonies. Azcuénaga led an artillery unit with 4 cannons in 1781, but no British attack took place.
He was appointed to several offices within the Buenos Aires Cabildo in the 1781-1794 period. On April 7, 1789, he helped a number of shoemakers to establish a guild. Although there were several in Spain, no guild constitution from Spain was used as a model. He promoted the pavement of the streets, and the improvement of the buildings. Supported by the viceroy Nicolás Antonio de Arredondo, he collected $8,000 and provided 500 cattle to mine rocks from the Martín García Island for this work. He married his cousin Justa Rufina de Basavilbaso y Garfias on February 6, 1795.
He was appointed lieutenant colonel in 1796, leading a local militia from that year to 1802. When he left, he granted all his military wages from that period to the soldiers of his unit. He was appointed colonel on march 24, 1802, and donated $2,435 for the clothing of the soldiers. He further donated $1,000,000 to build a navy, along with Juan Larrea and Domingo Matheu. He fought in the 1806 British invasions of the Río de la Plata, leading a resistance in the Gálvez bridge. He stood for 20 hours, with only 400 soldiers, against an overwhelming British force. He managed to escape with 50 soldiers, and aided the brigadier Hilarión de la Quintana.
Argentine War of Independence.
The Peninsular War in Spain, along with the capture of the king Ferdinand VII and the fall of the Junta of Seville, escalated political disputes in Buenos Aires that led to the May Revolution. Several criollos thought that the viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros, appointed by the fallen Junta, did not have legitimacy, and requested an open cabildo to discuss it. Azcuénaga attended it, and voted for the creation of a Junta with deputies from all the provinces, with the Cabildo ruling in the interregnum. However, the majority agreed with the creation of a junta, but with another junta of people from Buenos ruling during in the meantime. The viceroy tried to stay in government as president of the Junta, which was resisted by the criollos. Azcuénaga lend his house to their secret meetings. Azcuénaga was appointed as a member of the new Primera Junta, and promoted to brigadier. The reasons of Azcuénaga's inclusion in the Junta are unclear, as with all its members. A common accepted theory considers it to be a balance between Carlotists, Alzaguists, the military and the clergy; besides being from the armed forces, Azcuénaga had close ties with the rich people of the city.
The Junta suffered from internal conflicts between the conservatives (led by Cornelio Saavedra) and the liberals (led by Mariano Moreno). Azcuénaga was aligned with Moreno. Although he opposed the expansion of the Junta into the Junta Grande, he voted for the proposal, perhaps under pressure of Saavedra. Mariano Moreno resigned in December, and all his supporters were forced to resign in May 1811. Azcuénaga was exiled to the Mendoza Province, and lost his military rank. His wife requested instead an exile to the closer Luján, which was declined. The Junta was replaced by the First Triumvirate. Azcuénaga still had a positive image among his peers, and the political change allowed his return and the restitution of his rank. However, a mistake with the documentation gave him only the rank of colonel; he could only retrieve his rank of Brigadier in 1814. He was appointed Governor intendant of Buenos Aires (ruling over the province, whereas the Triumvirate had a national authority).
The Assembly of the Year XIII replaced the Triumvirate with an unipersonal head of state, the Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata. Gervasio Antonio de Posadas was appointed Supreme Director, and Azcuénaga selected as one of his five advisors. In 1816 the Cabildo appointed him as protector of the freedom of the press. He became a member of the Congress of Tucumán in 1818, when it was moved from San Miguel de Tucumán to Buenos Aires. He was elected vice-president of the Congress in September and reelected in May 1819. The defeat of Buenos Aires in 1820 at the Battle of Cepeda, part of the Argentine Civil Wars, led to the closing of the Congress.
Later life.
In 1828, aged 74, he took part in the peace negotiations with the Empire of Brazil after the end of the Argentine-Brazilian War, which led to the creation of the state of Uruguay. Those negotiations took place in Montevideo. He managed the economy in 1829 and 1830, and became a deputy in 1831 and 1832. His fellow deputies pointed that he attended all the legislative sessions, despite of his old age.
Azcuénaga died at his home on December 19, 1833. The governor Juan José Viamonte ordered the construction of a cenotaph at the Northern Cemetery (modern La Recoleta Cemetery), which is still in place today. The official decree stated that ""the noteworthy services he gave to the nation at all times the brigadier general Miguel de Azcuénaga, and particularly in the days of the glorious independence, require a demonstration that takes to posterity the name of this patriot, and keeps the memory of his civic virtues"".
Azcuénaga's country house was built during the establishment of Buenos Aires in 1580 by Juan de Garay. After several generations it was inherited by Justa Rufina Basavilbaso, Azcuénaga's wife. Further generations of the family (with ancestry of the viceroy Antonio de Olaguer y Feliú as well) inherited it, until Carlos Villate Olaguer gave it to the Argentine state in 1913, to be used as an official residence of the President of Argentina. It was renamed as "Quinta de Olivos", and it was used by all Argentine presidents since Agustín Pedro Justo.

</doc>
<doc id="9840448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840448" title="Mill Creek Community">
Mill Creek Community

History of Mill Creek Community.
The formation of the Mill Creek Community is the result of the 1964 consolidation of Clay, Franklin and Liberty Township schools. Until that time, there was a friendly but heated rivalry that existed between the Amo, Clayton, Coatesville, and Stilesville High Schools.
Geography.
Mill Creek Community School District is an irregular shape but is generally located as follows:
Schools.
The Mill Creek Community School Corporation, located in Hendricks County, Indiana, was formed in 1964.
The consolidation of the township schools located in Amo, Belleville, Cartersburg, Clayton, Coatsville, Hazelwood, and Stilesville produced a higher quality education system, but also resulted in a loss of the history that was once a significant part of the former schools and their associated towns.
When first consolidated, elementary schools in Amo, Clayton, and Stilesville were organized. Cascade High School (incorporating the first letters of all three communities, Clayton, Amo, and Stilesville in the name) was also opened at that time. Eventually, the Stilesville elementary school was closed, and Cascade Junior High School was opened next door to the high school.

</doc>
<doc id="9840454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840454" title="Schliengen">
Schliengen

Schliengen is a town in southwestern Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg, in the "Kreis" (district) of Lörrach. Schliengen's claim to international fame is the Battle of Schliengen, fought between forces of the French Revolutionary army under Jean-Victor Moreau and the Austrian army under Karl von Österreich-Teschen. As both sides claimed victory, the battle is commemorated on a monument in Vienna and on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
Geography.
Location.
The town of Schliengen is located in the Markgräflerland between Müllheim and the district town of Lörrach. The area of the municipality stretches from the Upper Rhine Plain (elev. 225 m/738 ft) to the top of the Blauen or Hochblauen (elev. 1165 m/3,822 ft).
Neighboring Municipalities.
The municipality of Schliengen is bordered on the north by Auggen, in the northeast by Feldberg (a borough of Müllheim), both of which are in Kreis (district) Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, in the east by Malsburg-Marzell, in the south by the towns of Kandern and Bad Bellingen, and on the west by Steinenstadt, a borough of Neuenburg am Rhein, which is again in the Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald district.
Boroughs (Ortsteile).
The municipality of Schliengen contains the following boroughs (Ortsteile); Liel, Mauchen, Niedereggenen, Obereggenen and Schallsingen.
Lutheran Churches exist in Niedereggenen, Obereggenen and Feldberg.
History.
The first official historical mention of Schliengen was in 820. It belonged formerly to the prince-bishopric of Basel. After the secularization which was a result of the German Mediatisation (:de:Reichsdeputationshauptschluss) of 1803, Schliengen became a part of the Grand Duchy of Baden. The railway first reached Schliengen a 15 June 1847 when the track to Müllheim was completed. Schliengen was traditionally a part of the district of Müllheim, but has been part of the district of Lörrach since the district reform of 1973.
Religion.
As a part of the prince-bishopric of Basel the Reformation passed Schliengen by. As a result, the area is still today mainly Roman Catholic. There are however Lutheran churches in Schliengen and each of its boroughs.
Town Council.
Since the election of 13 July 2004, the town council consists of the mayor and 22 council members. The election brought the following results:
Town Twinning.
Since 1989 Schliengen's official sister city has been Nidau am Bielersee in Switzerland.
Culture and Items of Interest.
Buildings.
The palace lies high over the vineyards of the Markgräflerland, between blooming cherry trees, fields, and woods. It was built in the 11th century as a church, and from 1100 as a monastery. In 1762 the palace was rebuilt by Provost Aloysius Mader and Abbot Meinrad Troger. The palace was threatened with closure in 1920, which was prevented through the formation of the Bürgeln-Bund (Bürgeln Federation). It is now privately owned, and is maintained and restored by donations and through the work of the Bürgeln-Bund. Around the palace is a 80m² (860 ft²) rose garden, with views of the French Vosges mountains, Basel, and the Sausenburg ruins.
Today, particularly in the summer, Schloss Bürgeln plays host to many events. These include conferences, seminars, concerts, and parties.
In the middle 80's the palace was the filming location of a ZDF series entitled "Lorenz & Söhne", which followed the story of the Lorenz family and their winery.
The Wasserschloss Entenstein, in the center of the town of Schliengen, is a small moated castle, which today houses the city hall and the district administration offices. The black and yellow striped shutters are a traditional symbol warning passers-by that the building has a moat. The surrounding castle park invites walkers in every season, and in the summer hosts several events, such as street and wine festivals.
In this inn one finds a delightful wall built of multicolored bottles.
Culinary Specialties.
The vineyards of Schliengen, like all of those in the Markgräflerland, grow a variety of good wines. The local vintner's cooperative, the Schliengener Winzergenossenschaft, is based in the town and offers wine tastings. The Weingut Lämmlin-Schindler in Mauchen was one of the first wineries to be established in Germany. The 1988/89 German Wine Princess, Petra Meyer, was from Schliengen.
Economy and Infrastructure.
Transportation.
Schliengen is connected to the international rail network through the Rhine Valley Railway ("Rheintalbahn")(Mannheim-Karlsruhe-Basel). The nearest large train stations are in Freiburg and Basel. Schliengen also lies on Federal Highway 3 (Bundesstraße 3), which gives direct access to the international highway network.
Local Businesses.
The Erste Markgräfler Winzergenossenschaft Schliengen-Müllheim e. G. (First Markgräfler Vintners' Cooperative) (www.sonnenstueck.de) is located in Schliengen, whose wines always place highly in regional and national competitions. The cooperative was founded in 1908 by the local priest, Leonhard Müller, together with 36 local vintners. Since 1971 it has shared the brand name "Sonnenstück" (a piece of the sun) with the municipalities in the region.
Education.
The Hebelschule in Schliengen offers an Elementary school, a Hauptschule, and a vocational Realschule. There are also additional Elementary schools in Liel, Mauchen, and Niedereggenen.

</doc>
<doc id="9840464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840464" title="26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing">
26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing

The 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with United States Air Forces in Europe at Zweibrücken Air Base, Germany, where it was inactivated on 31 July 1991.
The wing was first established during World War II as the 5th Photographic Group a II photographic reconnaissance organization with Twelfth and Fifteenth Air Forces in the Mediterranean Theatre of Operations.
In 1952 the 26th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing was established operated under the direction of Strategic Air Command from and operated from Lockbourne AFB, Ohio until 1958.
The two units were consolidated in 1965 as the 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing and served for the next twenty-six years with United States Air Forces Europe
History.
5th Photographic Group.
The 5th Photographic Group was constituted on 14 July 1942 and activated on 23 July at Colorado Springs AAF, Colorado. Until 1 September, 5th Photographic Group consisted only of a headquarters, but on 2 September four photographic reconnaissance (The 21st, 22nd, 23rd and 24th) were assigned. While at Colorado Springs, the pilots trained to fly high speed, unarmed F-4 (P-38 Lightning) photo aircraft. The F-4 was a modified P-38 Lightning a twin-engine, long-range fighter equipped with cameras to accomplish aerial reconnaissance.
In May 1943, the 21st, 22d and 24th squadrons were reassigned to other reconnaissance groups leaving only one squadron, the 23rd, to deploy overseas with the 5th, being reassigned to Twelfth Air Force. The pilots departed Colorado Springs first in early June 1943. The rest of the group's personnel left on 8 August for Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, where they stayed a week before boarding ships for North Africa. On 4 September 1943, the 5th Photo Group arrived at Bizerte, Tunisia. Upon its arrival, the 5th was assigned to the Northwest African Photographic Wing.
When the group arrived at its headquarters at La Marsa, Tunisia, on 8 September, the allies were just beginning the campaign against Italy. Since the pilots arrived early and they began flying missions almost immediately, primarily using F-5s to get pictures required for the aerial war against the Axis powers. The group not only flew the F-5s, but also the F-7, F-9, and F-10. The F-7 was a modified Consolidated B-24J, while the F-9 was a modified Boeing B-17F and the F-10 was a modified North American B-25D. These aircraft were actually modified bombers that were lightly armed, and equipped with cameras and larger fuel tanks that allowed them to reach out beyond the range of the P-38s. These aircraft often brought up the rear on the bombing missions over Italy and the Balkans photographing the initial bomb damage to the targets.
Initially, the 5th flew its missions to Italy, Corsica and Sardinia, but as the fighting progressed towards the heart of the European continent, the operations area expanded. On 30 October 1943, the 5th flew its first mission to Germany, photographing targets in Munich, Augsburg, Regensburg and Stuttgart. In October 1943, allied forces successfully landed troops in southern Italy. As the war moved closer to the heart of the Axis, so did the 5th. On 22 November 1943, the 5th Group was assigned to the 90th Photographic Reconnaissance Wing, which was part of the Fifteenth Air Force stationed in southern Italy. On 8 December 1943, after the allies captured the airfields in the vicinity of Foggia, the group moved to San Severo, Italy, near Foggia.
On 1 October 1944, the 5th Group was reassigned from the 90th Wing directly to Fifteenth Air Force. Shortly thereafter, on 11 October, The group moved from San Severo to Bari, Italy where 15th AF had its headquarters. On 15 November 1944, the size of the 5th increased as the 32nd gained full strength, and with the assignment of the 37th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron, which had just arrived in Italy. With the 37th came another reconnaissance aircraft modified from another bomber aircraft, the F-3, a reconnaissance version of the Douglas A-20 attack aircraft.
Beginning in November 1944, the 5th Photo group flew widely over the European Theatre of Operations. The 5th photographed many strategic targets in Germany including: oil refineries, aircraft factories, and communication facilities. Their destruction helped reduce the strength of the Luftwaffe. In the mountain campaign of Northern Italy, the 5th gathered intelligence which helped allied forces break the hold of the German Army in Italy. In Eastern Europe, the 5th's reconnaissance reports resisted partisan and other Allied forces to push the Germans out of Austria, Czechoslovakia, and the Balkans.
In August 1945, the group was notified that it was scheduled for shipment to the United States during September, but the departure was delayed until 9 October, when the men sailed from Naples aboard the SS Noah Webster. On 26 October 1945, the ship carrying the men of the 5th arrived at New York Harbor. Two days later, the group was inactivated at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey.
Two years later, on 6 March 1947, the non-operational and unmanned 5th was disbanded.
26th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing.
The 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing, Medium (26th SRW) was established at Lockbourne AFB, Ohio on 9 May 1952 and activated on 28 May 1952.
The 26th SRW's mission was to gather intelligence on a global scale, for the strategic objective of the US as part of the strategic reconnaissance force of Strategic Air Command (SAC). Assigned to the 801st Air Division, the 26th SRW flew day and night strategic reconnaissance missions. Also developed the capabilities of the Boeing YRB-47 "Stratojet". With the exception of the 26th Air refueling squadron, Medium, the wing and its squadrons were manned with only minimal strength.
In 1953, the flying squadrons began receiving additional personnel. The flying squadrons were the 3rd, 4th and 10th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadrons, Medium. In July 1953, the wing began transitional training in YRB-47s. In March of that same year, the RB-47Es began to replace the YRB models. By the end of December 1954, the wing's last two YRB-47s were sent to Dobbins AFB, Georgia, for modification. In February 1955, these two aircraft were returned to the wing as RB-47B-1s. By the following year, the wing was only flying RB-47Es.
The 26 SRW's other aircraft, the Boeing KC-97Fs and later KC-97Gs were flown by the 26th and 321st Air Refueling Squadrons, Medium. These units were assigned to the wing in May 1952 and April 1955, and remained as part of the wing until September 1956 and April 1958, respectively.
The wing participated in a variety of SAC directed exercises and operations between 1953 and 1958. These included numerous simulated combat missions and deployments, ranging from a few days to a few months. The exercises took the wing's reconnaissance and tanker aircraft to such bases as Eielson AFB, Alaska; Thule AFB, Greenland; Royal Air Force stations at Upper Heyford and Fairford, United Kingdom; Sidi Slimane AB in Morocco; Goose Bay AB, Labrador; and Lajes Field in the Azores.
In December 1957, the wing learned that it was to be inactivated the following summer. On 15 April 1958, the 321st Air Refueling Squadron was reassigned to the 301st Bombardment Wing, as were the remainder of the wing's aircrews. The wing's strength was slowly reduced by transferring personnel to other units.
On 1 July 1958, the 26th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing was inactivated.
26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing.
Toul-Rosières Air Base.
On 19 April 1965, the 26th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing was consolidated with the earlier 5th Reconnaissance Group, and was redesignated the 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing (26th TRW). On 1 July 1965 the 26th TRW was activated at Toul-Rosières Air Base, France. The 26th TRW was designated to be equipped with the new RF-4C "Phantom".
The squadrons initially assigned to the 26th were the 19th TRS, flying RB-66's acquired from the deployed 10th TRW RAF Alconbury deployed squadrons already at Toul and the 32 TRS, flying RF-101C "Voodos", which were transferred from the 66th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing at Laon Air Base.
On 1 October 1965, the 19th TRS and its RB-66s were reassigned to the new 25th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing, which was being established at Chambley-Bussieres Air Base, France. The RF-4C's started arriving on 3 October 1965, phasing out the RF-101s. On 1 January 1966, the 38th TRS was reassigned from the 66th TRW and was equipped with the RF-4Cs.
On 7 March 1966, French President Charles de Gaulle announced that France would withdraw from NATO's integrated military structure. The United States was informed that it must remove its military forces from France by 1 April 1967.
Ramstein Air Base.
As a result, the 26 Tactical Reconnaissance Wing, and its two squadrons, the 38th and 32d, were relocated to Ramstein Air Base, West Germany on 5 October 1966. The 22d TRS was reassigned to Mountain Home AFB, Idaho where it became a dual-based squadron, deploying frequently to Ramstein. The 32d TFS was transferred to RAF Alconbury England where the 10th TRW was being re-equipped with the RF-4C.
Assigned squadrons of the 26th TRW at Ramstein were:
While at Ramstein the 26th TRW acquired a number of other units with different flying missions. Along with the RF-4Cs of the 38th TRS, it flew a mixture of aircraft, including T-29s, T-33s, T-39s, C-54s, O-2s, H-19s, and UH-1s.
One function gained by the 26 TRW, almost immediately after arriving at Ramstein, was the maintenance and flying of the HQ USAFE liaison aircraft. In addition, the Wing was responsible for flying members of the HQ USAFE staff to Air Force and NATO bases throughout Europe.
The 526th Fighter Interceptor Squadron (FIS), flying F-102 aircraft, was assigned to the wing in November 1968, thus adding an air defense role to the mission of the wing. With the phaseout of the F-102 from Europe, the 526 FIS was redesignated the 526th Tactical Fighter Squadron (TFS) and begun converting to the F-4E fighter aircraft.
In the spring of 1972, the 7th Special Operations Squadron (SOS) was assigned flying C-130Es, C-47As, and UH-1Ns. Because of the special operations mission of the 7 SOS, it reported directly to HQ USAFE for operational control.
Zweibrücken Air Base.
As part of operation "Creek Action", a command-wide effort to realign functions and streamline operations, HQ USAFE transferred the 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing from Ramstein Air Base to Zweibrücken Air Base, and the 86th Tactical Fighter Wing from Zweibrücken to Ramstein on 31 January 1973. Operational squadrons of the 26th TRW were:
Note: 7th SOS reported directly to HQ USAFE. 17th & 38th RF-4Cs carried tail code "ZR".
For nearly five years the wing remained stable at Zweibrücken. Then on 1 October 1978, the 417th Tactical Fighter Squadron was activated with a single F-4D aircraft and assigned to the 26 TRW. USAFE planned on equipping the squadron with F-4Es, however, inadequate munitions storage compelled the command to reverse its decision and consequently reassigned the 417th TFS without personnel or equipment to the 86th TFW at Ramstein AB on 1 November 1978, being placed in not operational status.
Later that month, on 20 November, the 17 TRS was inactivated due to budgetary cutbacks leaving the 38 TRS as the wing's only in-place operational squadron. High-hour RF-4C aircraft were sent to AMARC, others were reassigned to the 38th TRS or to existing Bergstrom, Shaw, RAF Alconbury or Air National Guard squadrons.
On 10 August 1987, the 26 TRW became the only tactical reconnaissance wing in USAFE, when the 10 TRW at RAF Alconbury was redesignated the 10th Tactical Fighter Wing and assigned to fly A-10 attack aircraft. This left NATO and US Forces in Europe the services of just one US tactical reconnaissance unit and one squadron of RF-4Cs.
The wing continued to conduct reconnaissance operations in support of NATO, USAFE, and the US Army in Europe (USAREUR). The wing also engaged in operational employment and development of advanced reconnaissance systems to further enhance the military posture of NATO in Europe.
With the end of the Cold War in 1990, 26th TRW was gradually phased down. In addition, the 1960s-era RF-4C Phantoms were increasingly costing more and more to maintain. Tactical reconnaissance was being handled more and more by other means, and the need for the 26th TRW was becoming less and less critical to USAFE planners. As a result, the RF-4Cs of the 38th TRS were sent to AMARC on 1 April 1991 and the squadron was inactivated.
The 26th TRW was inactivated on 31 July 1991.
Lineage.
5th Reconnaissance Group
26th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing

</doc>
<doc id="9840478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840478" title="Mal Graham">
Mal Graham

Robert Malcolm Graham (born February 23, 1945) is an American former professional basketball player.
A 6'1" guard from New York University, Graham won two NBA championships as a member of the Boston Celtics from 1967 to 1969. He scored 327 points in his career. He is currently a judge on the Massachusetts Appeals Court.
Graham's promising career was cut short by a medical condition just as the first era of Celtic domination of the NBA was coming to an end. He retired from basketball and became a prominent jurist. His playing days ended with those of Hall of Famer, Bill Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="9840484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840484" title="Thick-lipped gourami">
Thick-lipped gourami

Trichogaster labiosa, the thick-lipped gourami, is a species of gourami native to Southeast Asia.
Description.
This species can reach a length of TL. It is sexually dimorphic, the female being silvery but the male marked with oblique, thin red and blue strips along its flanks. The thick-lipped gourami is a popular aquarium fish.
Distribution.
This fish is native to south Myanmar. It has also been introduced into Colombia.
Reproduction.
Like most other gouramis, the thick-lipped gourami builds a bubble nest into which the eggs are placed. The male guards the eggs but ignores the fry.
In the aquarium.
This fish is widely transported around the world for the aquarium fish industry. Thick-lipped gouramis are generally peaceful, easy to keep fish well suited to the tropical community aquarium. Like other "Trichogaster" species, it tends to be a bit shy and would appreciate plant life to hide under if it feels threatened. They eat a variety of foods including flake, bloodworms, and brine shrimp. These fish should not be maintained with fish such as barbs or their thread-like ventral fins may be nipped to stumps. "C. labiosus" is one of the easiest species of gourami to breed. The male likes to build bubble nests and is not as likely as other species to bully the female if the female is not yet ready to spawn.
The thick-lipped gourami has been deliberately crossbred with the Indian gourami and the dwarf gourami to produce hydrids with new colour patterns; these colours include: gold, red and green. The red hybrid is called the "robin gourami".

</doc>
<doc id="9840503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840503" title="Duluth Missabe and Iron Range Depot (Endion)">
Duluth Missabe and Iron Range Depot (Endion)

The Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Endion Depot is a historic railroad depot in Duluth, Minnesota. The station was formerly located at the corner of South Street and 15th Avenue East, but due to the extension of Interstate 35 along the shore of Lake Superior in 1985, the building was relocated to the Canal Park area.
The Duluth and Iron Range Railroad originally built its line from Duluth to Two Harbors in 1886. Endion was originally a small settlement outside of Duluth, but Duluth later absorbed Endion and other small communities surrounding it. The railroad stop at Endion was its first stop after it left Duluth. The railroad built the depot in 1899 to satisfy the demand for a depot for passenger and freight services in the neighborhood. At its peak, the depot served six incoming and outgoing trains per day. In 1938, the Duluth and Iron Range Railroad merged with the Duluth, Missabe and Northern Railroad, with the name of Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway as the result. With the decline in passenger railroad service, the depot stopped serving passenger traffic in 1961. It continued to serve freight until 1978, when it was closed.
The building is architecturally significant because it was one of the last remaining small passenger depots in Duluth. It features fine brick and stone architectural detailing and craftsmanship. The stone came from the Kettle River quarries near Sandstone, Minnesota. The building is designed with projecting gables that form a transept. Its architect, I. Vernon Hill, went on to have a distinctive impact on the architecture of Duluth in the early 20th century, using the projecting gables as a trademark. The design is a variation on the Richardsonian Romanesque style popular in the 1880s and 1890s, though its small scale is less imposing than larger Richardsonian Romanesque buildings.
The building is now used for an adventure travel company and store specializing in kayaking, climbing, and cross-country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="9840548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840548" title="Wichita State University football team plane crash">
Wichita State University football team plane crash

In clear and calm weather at 1:14 p.m. on Friday, October 2, 1970, a chartered Martin 4-0-4 airliner crashed into a mountain eight miles (13 km) west of Silver Plume, Colorado. Operated by Golden Eagle Aviation, the twin-engined propliner carried 37 passengers and a crew of three; 29 were killed at the scene and two later died of their injuries while under medical care. It was one of a two-aircraft flight carrying the Wichita State University football team to Logan, Utah, for a game against Utah State University; the second aircraft flew a different route and arrived safely in Utah. Pilot errors, including poor in-flight decisions and inadequate pre-flight planning, were officially reported as leading to the crash.
Background.
About three months prior to the crash, Wichita State contracted Golden Eagle Aviation to supply a Douglas DC-6B, to fly the team to away games for the 1970 season. The four-engined DC-6 was a large, powerful aircraft that could accommodate the entire team. Golden Eagle Aviation did not own the DC-6, but it had an arrangement with the Jack Richards Aircraft Company to use it. After the agreements were made the DC-6 was damaged and was unavailable for use. A pair of Martin 4-0-4s, which had not flown since 1967, were re-certified for flight. On October 2, 1970, these were ferried from the Jack Richards Aircraft Company facilities in Oklahoma City to Wichita, instead of the DC-6.
Initial leg.
Upon arrival in Wichita, the two aircraft were loaded with luggage and the passengers were boarded. They took off and headed westward to a refueling stopover in Denver at Stapleton Airport; from there they would continue to Logan Airport in northern Utah.
The two aircraft were dubbed "Gold" and "Black", after the school colors. "Gold", the aircraft that later crashed, carried the starting players, head coach, and athletic director, as well as their wives, other administrators, and boosters. The designated "Black" plane transported the reserve players, assistant coaches, and other support personnel.
The President of Golden Eagle Aviation, Ronald G. Skipper, was the pilot flying "Gold". He was acting in the capacity of a First Officer because he did not have a type rating on the Martin 4-0-4. During the flight to Denver he visited with passengers in the cabin, advising them that after refueling they would take a scenic route, near Loveland Ski Area and Mount Sniktau, the proposed alpine skiing venues for the 1976 Winter Olympics, recently awarded to Denver in May. The crew flying the other team aircraft, "Black", adhered to the original flight plan and took a more northerly route, heading north from Denver to southern Wyoming then west, using a designated airway. This route allowed more time to gain altitude for the climb over the Rocky Mountains.
Accident sequence.
While the aircraft were being refueled and serviced, First Officer Skipper purchased aeronautical sectional charts for the contemplated scenic route. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigation report stated the First Officer testified that he intended to use the charts to help point out landmarks and objects of interest to the passengers. The report concluded the crew did not allow enough time for the charts to be studied properly to avoid high terrain before takeoff commenced.
After takeoff in clear weather, the two aircraft took divergent paths away from Denver.
Shortly before the crash several witnesses described seeing an aircraft flying unusually low towards the Continental Divide. Some witnesses located on higher mountainside locations, such as Loveland Pass at , reported seeing it flying below them. Crash survivor Rick Stephens was a senior guard and stated in 2013, "...as we flew along over I-70, that there were old mines and old vehicles above us. I noticed we were quite a bit below the top of the mountains. I got up to go to the cockpit, which wasn't unusual to do, and I could tell we were in trouble, looking out the window and seeing nothing but green in front of us."
The overloaded aircraft, nearing Loveland Pass as it flew up Clear Creek Valley, became trapped in a box canyon and was unable to climb above the mountain ridges surrounding it on three sides, nor complete a reversal turn away from the sharply rising terrain. At 1:14 p.m. MDT, the "Gold" aircraft struck trees on the east slope of Mount Trelease, below its summit, and crashed. The NTSB report stated a belief that many on board survived the initial impact, based on the testimony of survivors and rescuers. The load of fuel on board did not explode immediately, allowing survivors to escape the wreckage, but the passenger cabin was eventually consumed by an explosion before those still alive and trapped inside could escape. Of the total of 40 on board, the death count at the scene was 29, which included 27 passengers, captain, and flight attendant. One of the deceased passengers was an off-duty flight attendant who was assisting. Two of the initial 11 survivors later died of their injuries to bring the total dead to 31. First to arrive at the crash scene were construction workers from the nearby Eisenhower Tunnel project and motorists on U.S. 6 (I-70). The first officer (company president) survived; he was flying the plane from the left seat.
Probable cause.
The National Transportation Safety Board report states that weather played no role in the accident, and lists the probable cause to be that the pilot made improper decisions in-flight or in planning:
"The intentional operation of the aircraft over a mountain valley route at an altitude from which the aircraft could neither climb over the obstructing terrain ahead, nor execute a successful course reversal. Significant factors were the overloaded condition of the aircraft, the virtual absence of flight planning for the chosen route of flight from Denver to Logan, a lack of understanding on the part of the crew of the performance capabilities and limitations of the aircraft, and the lack of operational management to monitor and appropriately control the actions of the flightcrew."
Aftermath.
The USU president, vice president, provost, athletic director, and athletic information officer were all unavailable in the immediate aftermath of the crash, leaving the game to be canceled by John S. Flannery, a USU Information Services employee. Utah State football team held a memorial service at the stadium where the game was to have been played and placed a wreath on the 50-yard line. Wichita State University officials and family of the survivors were flown to Denver on an aircraft made available by the Governor of Kansas. Classes were canceled for Monday, October 5, and a memorial service was held that evening at the university stadium. The remaining members of the Wichita State team, with the NCAA and Missouri Valley Conference allowing freshman players to fill out the squad, decided to continue the 1970 season; it was later designated the "Second Season." 
Wichita State and Utah State had played in five of the previous six seasons, but never met again in football. Wichita State discontinued varsity football after the 1986 season.
Memorials.
Wichita State University built a memorial for those who died from the crash called "Memorial '70." Every year on October 2 at 9 a.m., a wreath is placed at this memorial.
A roadside memorial plaque listing the names of the victims is located near the Colorado crash site, adjacent to westbound Interstate 70, at Dry Gulch at milepost 217 (), about two miles (3 km) east of the Eisenhower Tunnel. A trail connects the memorial to the crash site.
Entertainers Bill Cosby and Monty Hall hosted a fundraiser for the Wichita State athletic department after the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="9840550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840550" title="List of figure skating competitions">
List of figure skating competitions

Many international and national figure skating competitions are organized yearly. The three levels of ISU international competition are senior, junior, and advanced novice. Non-elite skaters may also compete in 'Adult' competitions. 'Professional' competitions were contested mainly by former elite skaters or sometimes a mix of eligible and ineligible skaters if sanctioned by the ISU. 

</doc>
<doc id="9840553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840553" title="John Ernest, Duke of Saxe-Coburg">
John Ernest, Duke of Saxe-Coburg

John Ernest () (10 May 1521 – 8 February 1553) was a Duke of Saxe-Coburg.
John Ernest was born in Coburg as the third (but second surviving and the youngest) son of John, Elector of Saxony, and his second wife Margaret of Anhalt-Köthen. After the death of his father (1532), his half-brother, John Frederick I, assumed the title of Elector of Saxony; John Ernest took part with him in the rule over the Electorate of Saxony.
In 1542 John Frederick I decided to rule alone, and ceded to John Ernest the Franconian areas of the Wettin family lands (Coburg, Eisfeld, etc.); but it was not until 1547 (after the Battle of Mühlberg) when John Ernest could govern undisturbed in Coburg. After he died unmarried and childless in Coburg, the city fell for a few months to John Frederick — dismissed from the imperial detention — before his death, and then, to his three sons, which governed the Ernestine lands together from 1554 for some years.

</doc>
<doc id="9840560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840560" title="Viña del Mar University">
Viña del Mar University

Viña del Mar University (, or UVM) is an autonomous, private institution of higher education recognized by the Ministry of Education of Chile. It was founded on November 21, 1988.
History.
Founded November 21, 1988, Viña del Mar University (UVM) of Chile is a private institution of higher education accredited since 2005 by National Commission of Accreditation, a branch of the Ministry of Education of Chile, granted the university institutional accreditation.
Locations and schools.
Viña del Mar University consists of the Campus Rodelillo, in the upper part of the city of Viña del Mar, with an area of 20 hectares; the Agua Santa site, located in the central part of the city; and the San Felipe site, situated in San Felipe commune.
Academic Areas: Agricultural Sciences, Architecture and Design, Business Administrations, Communications, Education and Pedagogy, Engineering, Health Sciences, Law and Social Sciences, Veterinary Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9840563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840563" title="Mark Bomback (baseball)">
Mark Bomback (baseball)

Mark Vincent Bomback (born April 14, 1953) is a former professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball. Bomback played 4 seasons in MLB with the Milwaukee Brewers, New York Mets, and Toronto Blue Jays.
Bomback was drafted in the 25th round of the 1971 amateur draft by the Boston Red Sox, later released by the Sox and signed with the Milwaukee Brewers in 1977. He was traded to the New York Mets for Dwight Bernard in 1979 and then to the Toronto Blue Jays for later considerations (Charlie Puleo). 
After 2 seasons with the Jays Bomback was released midway into the 1982 season and was his last as a MLB player.

</doc>
<doc id="9840584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840584" title="Qwentin">
Qwentin

Qwentin is a Portuguese rock band formed in Cartaxo in 2003. It consists of Drepopoulos Qwentinsson (bass guitar), Gospodar Qwentinsson (guitar, vocals), Morloch Qwentinsson (samples, keyboards), Qweon Qwentinsson (guitar, vocals) and Bárány Qwentinsson (drums). Qwentin has a prominent visual component to accompany their music. On stage, they appear with make-up, black ties and long skirts, always with a dark theatrical theme.
History.
Their music is marked with a worldwide atmosphere and cinematographic influences, based on the multiplicity of languages and on the creation of stories that evolve as movies. Assuming themselves as a European band, as confirmed by themselves in an interview to the newspaper “O Mirante”, Qwentin was formed in Cartaxo and had their premiere in Festival Tejo – a summer festival dedicated to Portuguese bands from all steps of the stairway of success. In July 2003, Drepopoulos (bass), Gospodar (guitar, vocals), Morloch (samples, keyboards), Qweon (guitar, vocals) and Vjlasson (drums) Qwentinsson performed on a minor stage at Festival Tejo in Azambuja.
In April 2004, Qwentin won the AZB002 battle of the bands (provided by the Azambuja town hall), which granted them the presence on the New Talents Stage on Festival Tejo’s 2004 Edition, held in Valada – where they shared the stage with bands like Zen, Fonzie, Ramp or Mão Morta. This brought on the first reviews from the Portuguese press: “astonishment”, “amazement” and “mystery”
, were some of the words chosen to classify the enduring rising of Qwentin’s world. Their performance has been described as "challenging", and their sound a "progressive mutation with Zeppelin", yet difficult to label. "Qwentin don’t do anything of what is expected, and there lies their merit."
In the beginning of 2005, Qwentin's first EP, "Il Commence Ici", was recorded in Toolateman Studios with Dominique Borde and Ary (Blasted Mechanism) in charge of the production. The presentation took place in a bar then known as “Touro Louco”, in Cartaxo, before a crowded house of one hundred people.
Shortly after, Vjlasson left the band and Qartafla Qwentinsson took his place on drums. Then, a period of several live performances took place, passing through Almeirim, Azambuja, Entroncamento (with Blind Zero), Esposende, Lisbon (Santiago Alquimista), Nazaré (with Blister), Santarém and Viseu. During this tour, Qwentin returned to Toolateman Studios, again with Dominique and Ary has producers, to record the "Uomo-Tutto" EP. The EP includes new versions of “Il Commence Ici”, “Jornalisma” and “NFO Kronikoj”, and two new songs: “Uomo-Tutto” and “Chewbacca’s Blues”.
In summer 2005, Qwentin was invited by the promoter Código 365 to perform at the Blitz Stage in what was to be the last edition of Festival Tejo. Meanwhile, they produced their first video clip for the song “Il Commence Ici”, directed by Ricardo Leal Pereira. In October, they were invited by the Cartaxo Town Hall and Antena 3 Radio for a live interview on the radio station’s morning show, "Manhãs da 3".
The first months of 2006 were dedicated to the creation of "Homem Tudo" (“Whole Man”), a show involving video, theatrical performance and music. It premiered on April 15 in Centro Cultural do Cartaxo (CCC) with the contributions of actor Tiago Graça Nogueira and director Ricardo Leal Pereira. During rehearsals for the show, Qartafla left the band and Bárány Qwentinsson took his place. After the success of this show, Qwentin returned to CCC in September for a presentation of a less theatrical nature, was also presented later in Portalegre during “Games 2006”.
By October 2006, the band decided to put the live acts on hold to record their first album, "Première!", released on November 15, 2007. The record was produced by Daniel Cardoso (Head Control System, Del) at Ultra Sound Studios in Braga. The album has twelve songs interpreted in Castilian, English, Portuguese, French, Italian, Dutch and Esperanto.

</doc>
<doc id="9840585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840585" title="Podruchnik">
Podruchnik

The Podruchnik (Russian: Подручник) is a small cushion, once used in prayer by all Russian Orthodox Christians in the Tsardom of Russia before the schism of 1653 but currently in use only by the Old Believers.
Measuring roughly 40cm by 40 cm, the Podruchnik takes the form of a small cushion, often with patchwork decoration which varies from region to region. Its sole function is to keep the worshipper's hands and face clean during the frequent prostrations that occur in church services, as it is felt that the fingers used to make the Sign of the Cross must remain clean during the prayers.
During Church services, when prostrations are made, as the worshipper lowers his torso, he flips the Podruchnik onto the ground in such a way that when he is kneeling and prostrate on the ground, the Podruchnik protects his hands and forehead from the dirt and grime of the floor. 
When not in use, they are stored at the side of the church, stacked up in such a manner that the dirty sides touch each other and the clean sides only touch other clean sides.

</doc>
<doc id="9840603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840603" title="EX 41 grenade launcher">
EX 41 grenade launcher

The EX 41 grenade launcher, also called the Shoulder-Fired Weapon (SFW), was a prototype multi-shot grenade launcher that was never adopted by the United States military. Most of its development was at Naval Ordnance Station, Louisville for the US Marine Corps in order to replace the single-shot M203. NOS Louisville had previously developed the Mk 19 and Mk 20 multi-shot grenade launchers. The Picatinny Arsenal also aided in the EX 41's development as part of the Army's Bursting Munitions Technology program. In its final form, the EX 41 was intended to weigh as little as 6.8 kg and have a range of up to 3,000 m. The program never progressed beyond a single prototype and in November 1995, the design was sent to Knight's Armament Company for further development. 
Instead of the standard low-velocity 40 x 46 mm grenade used by the M203 and M79 grenade launchers or the standard high-velocity 40 x 53 mm grenade used by the Mk 19, the EX 41 used a hybrid of the two developed by Indiana Ordnance. High-velocity ammunition such as the M430 HEDP and M918 practice grenades were fitted to the low-velocity cartridge cases, in order to have a longer effective range with a lower recoil. An optical sight of unknown manufacture was added to the top of the receiver to take advantage of the extended range of the ammunition.

</doc>
<doc id="9840609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840609" title="NPO Saturn AL-32">
NPO Saturn AL-32

The NPO Saturn AL-32M is a jet engine based on the Lyulka/Saturn AL-31F and Saturn AL-41F-1 jet engines. It is proposed to be used on the Tupolev Tu-444 supersonic business jet.

</doc>
<doc id="9840658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840658" title="Danish Music Awards">
Danish Music Awards

The Danish Music Awards (DMA) is a Danish award show. The show has been arranged by IFPI since 1989, and was originally called "IFPI-prisen" (""IFPI-Award"") until 1991, when it changed its name to "Dansk Grammy" (""Danish Grammy""). The current name was given in 2001, after the American Grammy Awards took copyright on the name "Grammy". In 2011 IFPI joined together with TV2 (Denmark) and KODA to present the awards ceremony.
IFPI Awards (1989).
The 1989 Danish IFPI Awards were held on 25 February 1989 in K.B. Hallen, Frederiksberg
IFPI Awards (1990).
The 1990 Danish IFPI Awards were held on 25 February 1990 in K.B. Hallen, Frederiksberg to be replaced the following year by the Danish Grammy Awards that continued from 1991 until 2000.
Danish Grammy Awards 2000.
2000 was the last year the awards were held under the title Danish Grammy Awards. After the American Grammy organization objecting, the show would be renamed Danish Music Awards starting 2001.
The last Danish "Grammies" were held on 5 February 2000 in the Forum, Frederiksberg. The show was broadcast live on TV 2, and was hosted by Casper Christensen and Krede.
Performances during the show included Det Brune Punktum, Clemens & Petter, Creamy, Marie Frank, Funkstar De Luxe, Hampenberg, Thomas Helmig, Juice, Kashmir, Poul Krebs, Melanie C, Ms Mukupa & Remee and Shirley, Zindy, Daniel, Jonas Winge Leisner, Kuku Agami & Mark Linn from soundtrack of the film "Den eneste ene".
Starting 2001, the awards were held under the name Danish Music Awards after ten years as Danish Grammy Awards. The American Grammies management had protested the use of the name "Grammies" by the Danes and the Danish management was forced to bow to pressure and change the name from Danish Grammy Awards to Danish Music Awards.
Danish Music Awards 2001.
The first ever Danish Music Awards under the new name was held on 3 March 2001 in the Forum, Frederiksberg. The inaugural "Danish Music Awards" show was broadcast live on TV 2, and was hosted by Casper Christensen and Lasse Rimmer.
Performances during the show included Anastacia, Bliss, Tim Christensen, DJ Aligator, Erann DD, Filur, Karen, Manic Street Preachers, Outlandish, Rollo & King, Safri Duo, S.O.A.P., Superheroes and tv·2.
Danish Music Awards 2002.
The 2002 Danish Music Awards were held on 2 March 2002 in the Forum, Frederiksberg. The show was broadcast live on TV 2, and was hosted by Lars Hjortshøj.
Performances during the show included Christian, EyeQ, Sort Sol, Thomas Helmig, DJ Encore, Hampenberg, Barcode Brothers, Westlife, D-A-D, Safri Duo, Swan Lee og Kylie Minogue.
Danish Music Awards 2003.
The 2003 Danish Music Awards were held on 1 March 2003 in the Forum, Frederiksberg. The show was broadcast live on TV 2, and hosted by Timm Vladimir.
Live performances included Blue, Tim Christensen, Filur feat. Pernille Rosendahl, Junior Senior, Kashmir, Melanie C, Mew, Nik & Jay, Outlandish, Sanne Salomonsen and tv·2.
Danish Music Awards 2004.
2004 Danish Music Awards was held on 28 February 2004 i the Forum, Frederiksberg. The show was broadcast live on TV 2, hosted by Timm Vladimir.
The performances during the show included L.O.C., Kevin Lyttle, The Raveonettes, Swan Lee, Jokeren, Burhan G, Tim Christensen, Tue West, Erann DD, Bent Fabric and Blue.
Danish Music Awards 2005.
2005 Danish Music Awards were held on 5 March 2005 in K.B. Hallen, Frederiksberg. The show was broadcast live on DR1, presented by Caroline Henderson and Thomas Madvig.
Performances during the show included Nephew, D-A-D, Nik & Jay, Peter Sommer, Saybia, Allan Olsen, Junior Senior, Nobody Beats The Beats, Niarn, Clemens, Ataf and Kira & The Kindred Spirits.
Danish Music Awards 2006.
The 2006 Danish Music Awards were held on 11 March 2006 in KB-Hallen, Frederiksberg. Show was broadcast live on DR1, and hosted by Jakob Riising.
Performances during the show included Mew, Gavin DeGraw with DR's Big Band, Outlandish, Tina Dickow, Bikstok Røgsystem, Anna David, Johnny Deluxe, Carpark North, Tue West, Anders Matthesen and Kasper Eistrup.
Danish Music Awards 2007.
The 2007 Danish Music Awards were held on 3 March 2007 in KB-Hallen, Frederiksberg. Show was broadcast live on DR1, and was hosted by Jakob Riising.
Danish Music Awards 2008.
The 2008 Danish Music Awards were held on 23 February 2008 in Glassalen, Tivoli, Copenhagen and was hosted by Jan Gintberg.
Danish Music Awards 2009.
Performance by these artists:
Prizes were given in 22 categories of these are eight different musical genre from children's albums to electronica. 52 different artists or bands had 89 nominations at the Danish Music Awards 2009. More than 46% of the nominees are women or had women as their main artist. One fourth of the nominees were newcomers.
Danish Music Awards 2010.
Danish Music Awards 2010 was held at the Bremen Theatre in Copenhagen, Denmark on Sunday 14 November 2010. The host was songwriter and producer Søren Rasted. The show was not shown live on Danish TV. This was the first that the IFPI, World Music Denmark, Jazz Danmark and Folkemusikkens Fælles Sekretariat joined forces and made one joint music award event.
The awards were given to 20 different music categories. The prize "Steppeulven" for "Hope of the Year" was given by the "Foreningen af Danske Musikkritikere" (Association of Danish Music Critics).

</doc>
<doc id="9840671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840671" title="Nick Merry">
Nick Merry

Nicholas "Nick" Merry (born Woodstock, Oxfordshire, England) is a British businessman who made his money in the United States running a now defunct Florida-based dental biotechnology company called MicroDenteX as well as investment in gemstones in Guinea.
Until 2 October 2008, Nick Merry was chairman of Oxford United Football Club, the club he has supported all his life. He played youth football for the club in the 1970s before a knee injury ended his career prematurely. He also played football for England at schoolboy level.
Merry is part of a consortium, Woodstock Partners Limited (or WPL) headed up by Ian Lenagan which bought the club for £1 from former chairman Firoz Kassam. They are also in negotiations to buy the Kassam Stadium from Kassam.
References.
Nick Merry Flown from the Nest

</doc>
<doc id="9840703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840703" title="Ron Bonham">
Ron Bonham

Ronald D. Bonham (born May 31, 1942) is a retired American professional basketball player.
Early life.
A 6'5" (1.96 m) forward, Bonham attended Muncie Central High School in Muncie, Indiana, where he earned the nickname "The Muncie Mortar" and "The Blond Bomber." As a senior, he averaged 28 points per game and earned Indiana's "Mr. Basketball" award as he led his team to the state runner-up spot. He was twice named first-team All-Indiana and was named MVP of both Indiana vs. Kentucky all-star games as a senior. He graduated in 1960 as Muncie Central's all-time leading scorer with 2,023 points, which also made him the all-time scorer for the state of Indiana.
College career.
Bonham narrowed his college choices to Purdue University and the University of Cincinnati. He attended Purdue for three days, but realizing he had made the wrong choice for him, he returned home and then decided to attend his other choice, Cincinnati, due largely to the national success gained by the Bearcats during the recent Oscar Robertson era.
As a sophomore under coach Ed Jucker, Bonham averaged 14.3 points per game, led the Bearcats with a .760 free throw percentage and was named All-Missouri Valley Conference (MVC). The Bearcats won the MVC title and posted a 29-2 overall record. Led by Bonham, Tom Thacker, George Wilson, Tony Yates and Paul Hogue, on March 24, 1962, they won their second consecutive NCAA championship with a 71-59 win over Ohio State.
As a junior in 1962-63, Bonham led the Bearcats in scoring with 21.0 points per game and in free throw percentage at .892, again earning All-MVC honors. He was named a consensus first-team All-American selection. The Bearcats went 26-2 and again won the MVC, but on their way to a third national championship they were defeated in the finals by Loyola University Chicago in overtime, 60-58.
As a senior, he again led the Bearcats in scoring with a 24.4 average and a .819 free throw percentage and was co-team MVP with George Wilson. For the third straight season, he earned All-MVC honors and was named second-team All-American. Cincinnati ended the season 17-9.
In his three-year career, he scored 1,666 points, which was second only to Oscar Robertson and still ranks seventh all-time at Cincinnati.
Professional career.
Bonham was selected in the second round (16th overall) in the 1964 NBA Draft by the Boston Celtics. As a rookie in 1964-65, he was a backup forward, played 10 minutes per game in 37 games and averaged 7.4 points and 2.1 rebounds per game. He did, however, win a championship ring as the Celtics went 62-18 and won the NBA title with a five-game series victory over the Los Angeles Lakers.
In 1965-66, his playing time decreased to eight minutes per game in 39 games as he averaged 5.2 and 0.9 rebounds per game for the 54-26 Celtics. The Celtics, however, won the NBA title again, this time in seven games over the Lakers.
His NBA career ended after those two seasons. He didn't play professionally in 1966-67, but in 1967-68 he returned to play in the American Basketball Association (ABA) for the Indiana Pacers. In 42 games, he averaged 5.8 points and 1.4 rebounds per game in what was his final professional season.
Personal life.
Bonham served as the City of Muncie assistant parks superintendent and chief caretaker of 2,300-acre Prairie Creek Park in Indiana for 38 years until 2011. For 12 years during that time, he served three terms as a Delaware County, Indiana commissioner. On June 30, 2012 upon his retirement, the City of Muncie declared it "Ron Bonham Day" for all he has accomplished and meant to the area. He and his wife, JJ, resides on a 52-acre property that doubles as a wildlife habitat in Delaware County. As of 2013 they have been married 33 years, and they have one daughter, Nicole.
In 1986, he was inducted into the University of Cincinnati Athletics Hall of Fame. In 1991, he was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9840706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840706" title="Benjamin Howard (Missouri)">
Benjamin Howard (Missouri)

Benjamin Howard (1760 – September 18, 1814) was a Congressman from Kentucky, the first governor of Missouri Territory and a brigadier general in the War of 1812.
Howard was born in Buckingham County Va and was the son of John Howard of Howard's Creek in Lexington, Kentucky and graduated in 1797 from William and Mary College. He was elected to the Kentucky General Assembly in 1800. He served in the 10th and 11th Congresses from Kentucky from 1807 until April 10, 1810, when on April 17, 1810, James Madison appointed him Governor of Louisiana Territory (the Louisiana Purchase district north of modern day Louisiana) which was renamed Missouri Territory in June 1812.
He resigned his post during the War of 1812 to become brigadier general of the Eighth Military Department. During the conflict he and Nathan Boone (Daniel Boone's youngest son) attacked Sac and Fox positions in Illinois and established Fort Clark by Peoria, Illinois.
He fell ill on the way back and died in St. Louis, Missouri. He is buried in the Old Grace Church Graveyard in downtown St. Louis and then reinterred in Bellefontaine Cemetery.
Benjamin Howard is the namesake of Howard County, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="9840731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840731" title="Tretti">
Tretti

Tretti is the fifth compilation album, and the fifteenth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 2006. The collection was released as a double album and focused primarily on their Swedish output.
Track listing.
Disc one.
Tracks 3, 4 & 12 from "Krigsman"
Track 5 from "In His Majesty's Service – Live in USA"
Tracks 6, 7 & 15 from "Live – På ren svenska"
Track 8 from "Prophet"
Track 9 from "10 Years After"
Track 10 from "Vi Kan Inte Stoppas"
Track 11 from "Volym 2 (Volume 2)"
Track 13 from "Volym 3"
Track 14 from "Dancing on the Head of the Serpent"
Disc two.
Track 1 from "Prophet"
Track 2 from "Dancing on the Head of the Serpent"
Tracks 3 & 11 from "Volym Tre"
Track 4 from "Volym 2"
Tracks 5 & 15 from "Volüm Fyra"
Track 6 from "In His Majesty's Service – Live in USA"
Tracks 7, 8, 10, 12 & 13 from "Live – På ren svenska"
Track 9 from "Vi Kan Inte Stoppas"
Track 14 from "Krigsman"

</doc>
<doc id="9840736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840736" title="Services Institute of Medical Sciences">
Services Institute of Medical Sciences

Services Institute of Medical Sciences (Urdu:), established in 2003, is a public school of medicine located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. Services Hospital is attached to the college as a teaching hospital. The official short name for this college is SIMS.
History.
Professor Dr Faisal Masud is the founder of the SIMS. It was located in a portion of small building of the College of Community Medicine at 6-Birdwood Road, Lahore. This college is now housed in its new campus adjacent to the Punjab Institute of Cardiology. 
Campus.
It has five lecture theaters in addition to the demonstration rooms. Its library has more than 8000 books and subscribes to 78 National and International Journals available as paperbacks. In addition, it gives access to HEC funded access to thousands of scientific books and journals as e-access. 
Departments.
Its basic departments are equipped with latest computer aided laboratories, Carl-Zeiss microscopes for the students and penta-head and deca-head microscopes for demonstration and research. Its Pathology department is ISO 9002 and ISO 15142 certified.
Teaching Hospital.
Services Hospital is the 1196 bedded teaching hospital attached to the SIMS.
Admission Policy.
The College admits 190 students on open merit. Admission is gender neutral and need blind and is granted through a centralized Medical College Admission Test conducted by the University of Health Sciences Lahore annually. The Foreign students can also apply for admission through the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan.
Schools.
There are four undergraduate qualifications offered at SIMS under University of Health Sciences.
Official Research Journal.
The SIMS Journal "The Esculapio" is one of a kind in the quality of medical research it boasts of and has received great international acclaim.
Recognition and affiliations.
The college is recognized by the following organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="9840748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840748" title="Cylk Cozart">
Cylk Cozart

Calvin Cylk Cozart (born February 1, 1957) is an American actor who has appeared in over 30 films and 20 television shows.
Early life.
Cozart was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he grew up. His father is African American and his mother is Native American (Cherokee). Prior to becoming an actor, Cozart was an established and very successful model working in Miami, Florida. In his high school years, he was a talented football and basketball player. He attended Montreat-Anderson, Jr College, in Black Mountain, North Carolina, for his freshman year then transferred to King College in Bristol, Tennessee, on a basketball scholarship. After college, Cozart almost made a professional career out of basketball, but he suffered a foot injury in the NBA's Summer Pro League in Los Angeles, California. A demonstration of his basketball skills can be seen in the film "White Men Can't Jump", which also starred actors Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson.
Career.
Some of his most prominent roles are Detective Jimmy Mulvey opposite Bruce Willis in "16 Blocks", Steven Spielberg's "Eagle Eye", and the family feature film, "Adrift".
Cozart co-created and produced, "Spirit of Life", for the 2000 Summer Paralympic Games in Sydney, Australia. "Spirit of Life" earned a Videographer Award, Aurora Award, NY Film Festival Bronze Award, and Telly Award. Currently, Cozart is the Director of Entertainment / Education for his Foundation, Keeping Dreams Alive, which focuses on mentoring children and teenagers from Jr, High School all the way through College. “Our Foundation is for all sports. KDA will help find Scholarships for the kids that have fallen through the cracks of life."
Filmography.
Actor
2013 - "Sweetwater" - (pre-production)
Papa
2013 - "A Fine Step" - (post-production)
2013 -"Inch of Grace" - (short)
Donnie
2009 -"Eagle Eye"
"Batman" the Courier
2008 -"Steam"
William
2006 -"16 Blocks"
Det. Jimmy Mulvey
2005 - "Over There" - (TV series) Follow the Money
2005 - "Blue Sombrero"
Boomer
2002 - "American Family" - Pilot (2002)
2000 - "Chicken Soup for the Soul" (TV series)
Shane – A Reason for Being
2000 - "Cursed Part 3"
1999 - "Play It to the Bone"
Rudy
1999 - "Any Day Now" (TV series) – Eyes Wide Open 
1999 - "Three to Tango"
Kevin Cartwright
1999 - "Johnny Tsunami" - (Disney)
Sgt. Sterling
1997 - "Conspiracy Theory" - (Warner Bro's)
Agent Lowry
1996 - "Sister, Sister" - (TV series)
Dr. Gordon – Kid-Napped 
1996 - "Reggie's Prayer"
Coach Bobby Fess
1996 - "Eraser"
Darryl
1996 - "Soul of the Game" - (TV movie)
Zo Perry
1996 - "Diagnosis Murder" - (TV series)
Lt. Bill Abrams - 35 Millimeter Murder
1996 - "Ned and Stacey" - (TV series)
Doug - Paranoia on the 47th Floor 
1996 - "Second Chance" 
Brad
1995 - "Slam Dunk Ernest" - (Disney)
Barry Worth
1995 - "Murder Was the Case" - : The Movie (short film)
Paramedic #1
1995 - "A Family Divided" - (Movie Of the Week)
1994 - "Love Affair"
Dr. Punch
1994 - "M.A.N.T.I.S" - . (TV series)
Spencer Perry - To Prey in Darkness 
1994 - "Blue Chips"
Slick
1993 - "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air"
Hank Farley - You've Got to Be a Football Hero 
1993 - "Walker, Texas Ranger" - (TV series)
Axel Tate – End Run 
1993 - "Thea" - (TV series)
Reggie - Artie's Party 
1993 - "Living Single" - (TV series)
Brad Hamilton - Judging by the Cover 
1993 - "In the Line of Fire"
Agent Cozart
1993 - "Reasonable Doubts" (Mark Harmon) (TV series) - 
Dr. Gilbert Lewis
– The Ties That Bind: Part 1… Dr. Gilbert Lewis
– The Ties That Bind: Part 2… Dr. Gilbert Lewis
– Wish You Were Here… Dr. Gilbert Lewis
– Diminished Capacity… Dr. Gilbert Lewis
– Crumbling Systems… Dr. Gilbert Lewis
1993 - "Roc", LIVE - (TV series)
Rob - Time to Move On 
1993 - "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper" - (TV series)
Quentin 
– How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying 
– My Dinner with Mark (1992) 
Quentin
1992 - "White Men Can't Jump"
Robert
1991 - "Ricochet"
Reporter
1991 - "Heaven Is a Playground"
Andre
1991 "Hot Shots!"
Drill Sergeant #1
1991 - "Gabriel's Fire" (TV series)
Bus Boy - The Great Waldo 
1990 - "Saved by the Bell" - (TV series)
Lt. Chet Adams - Zack's War 
1990 - "Fire Birds"
Dewar Proctor
1989 - "Hunter" - V series)
Mitchell Chadwick - Investment in Death 
1989 - "Hell High"
Wide Receiver
1988 - "Amen" - (TV series)
Young Groom – Wedding Bell Blues 
1988 - "School Daze"
Big Brother Dr. Feelgood
1988 - "Bustin' Loose" - (TV series)
Arlando - Doo Wop 
1987 - "227" - (TV series)
Bailiff - The Handwriting on the Wall
1983 - "Blue Skies Again"
Alvin 'Wallstreet' Chandler

</doc>
<doc id="9840750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840750" title="Robert Smeaton White">
Robert Smeaton White

Robert Smeaton White (March 15, 1856 – December 5, 1944) was a Canadian journalist and political figure. He represented Cardwell from 1888 to 1895, Mount Royal from 1925 to 1935 and Saint-Antoine—Westmount from 1935 to 1940 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Peterborough, Canada West in 1856, the son of Thomas White and Esther Vine, and studied at McGill University. In 1882, he married Ruth McDougall. He worked for a wholesale merchant at Montreal and then the Bank of Montreal, before joining the "Montreal Gazette" in 1884. White later became chief editor for the paper. In 1888, he married Annie Barclay after the death of his first wife. He was first elected to the House of Commons in an 1888 by-election held in Cardwell after the death of his father. In 1896, he was appointed customs collector at Montreal. White ran unsuccessfully as a member of the National Government Party in Saint-Antoine—Westmount in 1940. He died in Westmount at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="9840751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840751" title="Rudolf Viest">
Rudolf Viest

Rudolf Viest (24 September 1890, Revúca, Gömör és Kis-Hont County, Kingdom of Hungary, - 1945 ?, Flossenbürg concentration camp ?, Germany), was a Slovak military leader, member of the Czechoslovak government in exile, member of the Slovak National Council and the commander of the 1st Czechoslovak army during the Slovak National Uprising. He was the Slovak with the highest military function and the only Slovak general during the interwar period in the first Czechoslovak republic.
Family.
His father Gustáv Viest was a craftsman, later he was an employee of the town office. His mother Jana (born Grnáčová) came from a family of tailors. He has two brothers (Ivan and Dušan) and two sisters (Oľga and Anna). He studied at local elementary Lutheran school and later at high school in Revúca. His older brother Ivan studied in Budapest. The whole family moved to Budapest in 1905 after the death of their father. Their household became a place where several nationally conscious people met in time of their studies. He studied building construction and worked briefly for a construction company in Budapest. In October 1911, he joined the army as a volunteer in the 7th infantry regiment in Graz. He finished his military service and became a cadet on September 1, 1912.
First World War.
He joined the army again during the general mobilization on August 1, 1914. He started as a squad commander and continued as a company commander from November 1914. He was captured during the Russian offensive near Krakow on November 24, 1944. Because of his strong Slavic feeling, he joined the Serbian army on August 1, 1915, then he fought with Serbian volunteers regiment against Bulgarians. He was injured but after healing he returned to Serbian units. On February 1917, he requested to be assigned to Belgorod to form Czechoslovak legions. From June 1917, he served as a second lieutenant and organized the recruitment of volunteers. In 1919, he became commander of the Czechoslovak camp for Slovaks in Irkutsk. The new soviet government did not allow legionaries to return home by the shortest way and Viest with others had to fight his way home cross Siberia. He returned home through Japan, USA and Canada in 1920.
Czechoslovakia.
When he returned to Czechoslovakia, he entered the general staff course and started his professional career as a major. He graduated from the Military Academy in Prague. In the interwar period, he worked on several military and diplomatic positions (military attaché in Hungary and Poland) and intelligence services. In 1933 he was promoted to the position of brigadier general and in 1938 to division general. He was the first and the only Slovak who reached the position of general in the interwar Czechoslovak Army.
After the Munich Agreement in 1938, he disagreed with the radicalization of the political scene in Slovakia and with negative events like the formation of the Hlinka Guard and seditious anti-Czech propaganda. As a Slovak with the highest position in the army, he was delegated by central government for negotiations with Hungary in Komárno led by the new prime minister of autonomous Slovakia Jozef Tiso. Viest warned him about the negative impacts of radicalization to the security of the state. According to Viest's memoir, general Lev Prchala offered him to perform military cataclysm and take power in November 1938, but Viest considered it too dangerous because formation of borders was not finished yet.
Slovak Republic.
Rudolf Viest belonged to a group of anti-Fascist officers and was against the break-up of Czechoslovakia into Slovakia and the protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. In March 14, 1939, he signed a memorandum against the creation of the Slovak republic delivered to The Slovak Assembly shortly after the declaration of independence. The new regime did not persecute him, but offered him the function of inspector-general of the Slovak Army. He accepted the function after the promise of the minister of defense Ferdinad Čatloš that he would not be in contact with Germans. He was keeping contact with the Czechoslovak government-in-exile in London and he was a member of the resistance movement "Obrana národa" (Defense of Nation). At the same time he contributed a large sum for the economic development of the First Slovak Republic.
Hungary which was not satisfied with the gains from the First Vienna Award attacked Slovakia on March 23, 1939. Viest became a member of the common Slovak-Hungarian commission which was responsible for establishing a new border. According to his memoirs, he finally decided to emigrate during escalation of German-Polish conflict in August 1939. He used for this purpose the official meeting of the commission in Budapest (August 28, 1939 - September 2, 1939). He got a visa from the Romanian embassy in Budapest and moved to Bucharest where he obtained a false French passport from the French embassy with the help of his Czechoslovak contact. Due to his function of general inspector he had access to all secret materials, however investigation did not prove that he took any of them. Viest was sentenced to death, degradation to the lowest army position and loss of state citizenship on March 28, 1942.
Exile.
On September 13, he came to Paris. He became a member of the Czechoslovak national committee and commander of the exile Czechoslovak army. From January 1, 1940, he was commander of the Czechoslovak Army Ground Forces, later transformed to the 1st Czechoslovak Division in France. After the Nazi occupation of France in June 1940, he moved to Britain and joined Edvard Beneš on July 10, 1939. On October 10, 1940, he became a member of the Council of State and minister on October 27, 1940. On May 8, 1940, he became deputy of minister of national defense in Czechoslovak government-in-exile.
Slovak National Uprising.
On May 8, 1944, Czechoslovak representatives and Soviet Union signed an agreement which guaranteed that Soviet Union would pass the administration of liberated territory to the exiled government in London. Rudolf Viest became deputy of delegate for liberated territory responsible for this task. On August 1944, he flew with the Czechoslovak delegation to the Soviet Union. After raise of Slovak National Uprising, Ján Golian became the commander of the 1st Czechoslovak Army in Slovakia and urged the government-in-exile to send Viest to support the uprising. He came to Slovakia during the night of October 6–7, 1944 and became the official commander of uprising. On October 13, 1944 he became a member of the Slovak National Council. At the time of his arrival, it was already unrealistic to achieve the original goals of the uprising which started in the worst variant. On October 18, 1944, Germans started a general offensive focused on elimination of rebelling territory. Viest issued a final order to switch to guerrilla warfare during the night from 27 to 28 October in Donovaly. This order had only symbolic value. The army as an organized unit already did not exist at that time and the order was not delivered to all troops because of missing communication lines.
Viest tried to escape from German encirclement and get closer to connection to Red Army. On 3 November 1944, he was captured with Golian in Pohronský Bukovec. They were taken to Banská Bystrica and then to Bratislava. On November 10, 1938 they were transported to Vienna on Himmler's order and then taken to Berlin. There were investigated by SS-Reichssicherheitshauptamt in prison on Prinz-Albert-Straße, however the Germans treated them decently and with particular care. During the entire period Viest declared support for restoration of Czechoslovakia and democracy. The last moments of his life are unclear. He probably died with other Slovak Generals (Augustín Malár, Ján Golian and Štefan Jurech) in Flossenbürg concentration camp in 1945. Even if the administration in the camp worked until April 1945, records about the execution of Slovak generals are missing. It is possible that they survived war and died after transfer to Soviet Union.
After his death, he was honored in memoriam with the Order of Slovak national uprising 1st class (1945), Czechoslovak military cross (1945), as well with many other Czechoslovak or foreign medals. In 1945, he was promoted in memoriam to the position of army general.
Honors.
Czechoslovak:
Slovak:
Czech:
Polish:
Yugoslavian:
Serbian:
French:
British:

</doc>
<doc id="9840756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840756" title="Michael Joiner">
Michael Joiner

Michael Joiner (born 28 October 1981, in Fayetteville, North Carolina) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Austin Toros in the NBA D-League. He is 6'7" and plays small forward and sometimes power forward.
Joiner graduated from Seventy-First High School in Fayetteville, North Carolina in 2000. He attended Florida State University.
In 2007, Joiner averaged 19.3 points per game in his 18 matches for the Canterbury Rams in the New Zealand National Basketball League.
In 2008/09, Joiner averaged 8.5 points, 4.9 rebounds and 1.5 assists per game for the Sioux Falls Skyforce in the NBA D-League.

</doc>
<doc id="9840773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840773" title="Brian Harold Mason">
Brian Harold Mason

Brian Harold Mason (1917–2009) was a New Zealand geochemist and mineralogist who was one of the pioneers in the study of meteorites.
Mason has played a leading part in understanding the nature of the solar system through his studies of meteorites and lunar rocks.
Mason has also examined and classified thousands of meteorites collected from Antarctica.
Life.
Mason was born in Port Chalmers, Dunedin, in 1917 and was brought up in Christchurch, New Zealand. He studied at Christchurch Boys' High School and geology and chemistry at Canterbury University College. In 1943, he completed a PhD in geochemistry at the University of Stockholm under Victor Goldschmidt.
Mason returned to Christchurch where he was appointed lecture of Geology at Canterbury University College. He tough there for two years. In 1947, Mason was appointed Professor of mineralogy at University of Indiana where he was based for rest of his life. He was a curator of mineralogy at both the American Museum of Natural History, New York, and the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC.
Two minerals have been named after Brian. Brianite is a phosphate mineral and Stenhuggarite (from the Swedish ‘stenhuggar’ – ‘mason’) is a rare iron-antimony mineral. Asteroid 12926 Brianmason is also named in his honor.
Mason won the Leonard Medal from the Meteoritical Society in 1972 and the Roebling Medal from the Mineralogical Society of America in 1993.
Mason passed on December 3, 2009 from renal failure. He was survived by his stepson, Frank W. Turner, who lived with Dr. Mason in Chevy Chase, MD.
Mason's third wife, Margarita C. Babb, and mother of Frank Turner, passed on February 3, 2009 due to complications from multiple myeloma (a blood cancer). Mason and Margarita were married for 15 years.
Dr. Mason was married two other times, first to Anne Marie Linn and then to Virginia Powell; both marriages ended in divorce. He had a son, George, with his second wife. George died in a mountain climbing accident in 1981 at the age of 20.

</doc>
<doc id="9840777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840777" title="Canet guns">
Canet guns

The Canet guns were a series of weapon systems developed by the French engineer Gustave Canet (1846-1913), who was design engineer for Schneider et Cie of Le Creusot.
320 mm naval guns.
Canet developed a 38 cal naval gun, an extremely powerful weapon for its time, specifically for the export market. The gun was first selected by the Spanish Navy in 1884 as part of a large naval expansion program which called for six new battleships. The Spanish armaments firm Hontoria obtained a manufacturing license to produce the weapon, but due to budgetary reasons, only one vessel, the , was completed.
Canet was more successful in sales to the Empire of Japan, when the gun was selected by the French military advisor and naval architect Louis-Émile Bertin as the main battery of the , new type of cruiser he had designed in 1887. The usage was consistent with the Jeune Ecole philosophy, which advocated placing overwhelming firepower (strong guns, torpedoes) on relatively small ships. This philosophy was of great interest to the Imperial Japanese Navy, which lacked the resources at the time to purchase modern pre-dreadnought battleships.
The guns supplied to Japan equipped the cruisers , , and . Each gun weighed 67 tons, and had a barrel 12 meters long, firing a 112-cm projectile with weight of 350 kg (or 449 kg high explosive) for an effective range of 8000 meters.
The guns proved only marginally successful during the First Sino-Japanese War, due to a slow rate of fire, and numerous mechanical problems. The guns could not be aimed abeam, as their weight would cause the ship to roll over when fired. In combat, gunners were able to fire only around one shot per hour due to the time it took to reload.
Other guns.
M.Canet is also known for the development of the Schneider-Canet gun system for 75 mm iron BL mountain guns, and rapid-fire 120 mm and 152 mm guns.

</doc>
<doc id="9840798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840798" title="Michael O'Herlihy">
Michael O'Herlihy

Michael O'Herlihy (1 April 1929 – 16 June 1997) was an Irish television producer and director who directed shows like "Gunsmoke" (1955), "Maverick" (1957), "" (1965), "Hawaii Five-O" (1968), "M*A*S*H" (1972) and "The A-Team" (1983). Born in Dublin, Ireland, O'Herlihy was the younger brother of actor Dan O'Herlihy. O'Herlihy died in Dublin, Ireland on 16 June 1997 at age 68.

</doc>
<doc id="9840807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840807" title="Examples of New Urbanism">
Examples of New Urbanism

The following towns, neighborhoods, and developments are examples of New Urbanism.

</doc>
<doc id="9840822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840822" title="Mount Barnard">
Mount Barnard

Mount Barnard is a mountain in California and has the dubious distinction of being the highest thirteener, a peak between 13,000 and in elevation, in the United States. It is located on the Sierra Crest and straddles the boundary between Tulare and Inyo counties about southwest of Mount Williamson, the second highest peak in the state. Mount Barnard is the twelfth highest peak in California.
The first ascent was by John Hunter, William Hunter, and C. Mulholland on September 25, 1892. They named the peak in honor of E. E. Barnard, an noted astronomer.

</doc>
<doc id="9840830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840830" title="Motor racing at the 1900 Summer Olympics">
Motor racing at the 1900 Summer Olympics

Motor racing was an "unofficial" sport at the 1900 Summer Olympics. Fourteen events were contested in conjunction with 1900 World's Fair.
Entries were by manufacturers rather than drivers and competitors' names were not adequately reported at the time. The exceptions are the two classes of the Paris-Toulouse-Paris race, one class of which was won by Louis Renault. Most events had only French competitors but there were some international entries. 

</doc>
<doc id="9840841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840841" title="Sunnyslope High School">
Sunnyslope High School

Sunnyslope High School is in the Glendale Union High School District in Phoenix, Arizona and offers courses for grades 9–12.
School Description.
Sunnyslope is located on a small plot of land near Central and Dunlap, and is bounded by the Arizona Canal to its Southwest. There are 15 wings to the school including a cafeteria, gymnasium, and auditorium. A city pool is located immediately adjacent to the school and is used for both P.E. classes and for the swim and dive team, along with serving the public. Sunnyslope is a 4A Conference school within the Arizona Interscholastic Association, despite having the land size equivalent to that of a 2A or 3A school.
Athletics.
Recent Titles.
The boys' basketball team won its first state championship in 2002 and its 2nd in 2009 and were runners-up in 2010. Additionally, the volleyball team won titles in 2010, 2009, 2008, and 2006 . The boys' and girls' swim teams won titles in 2005, with the boys winning again in 2006. Sunnyslope's girls' badminton team won the 4A state title in 2009 and were runners-up in 2010.
Awards and recognition.
Sunnyslope High School has been given the "Excelling" status by the State of Arizona in accordance with the No Child Left Behind Act for eight years in a row. Sunnyslope was also named a top high school by the U.S. News & World Report
Feeder schools.
Schools in the Washington Elementary School District feed into Sunnyslope High School. Many students from the Madison Elementary School District also attend the school.
See also.
Sunnyslope Mountain

</doc>
<doc id="9840844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840844" title="2007 NCAA Men's Division III Basketball Tournament">
2007 NCAA Men's Division III Basketball Tournament

The 2007 NCAA Men's Division III Basketball Tournament involved 59 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division III college basketball. It began on March 1, 2007, and concluded on March 17, 2007, with a championship game in the Salem Civic Center of Salem, Virginia, which was won by Amherst College over Virginia Wesleyan 80-67.
Qualifying teams.
The Division III Championships Committee selected 59 schools to participate in the 2007 tournament. Thirty-seven teams earned automatic qualification by winning their respective conferences. Additionally, four independent (not affiliated with a conference with an automatic bid) teams and 18 other at-large teams from the remaining independent teams and automatic qualifying conferences — who did not receive their conference automatic qualification—were selected.

</doc>
<doc id="9840850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840850" title="Lubiąż">
Lubiąż

Lubiąż () is a village on the east bank of the Odra (Oder) River, in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wołów, and west of the regional capital Wrocław. The village has a population of 2,300.
The village is mainly known for its large abbey. The Abbey was built by the Benedictines in 1150, and occupied by Cistercians in 1163 until 1810. Built over centuries, the abbey – the largest Cistercian abbey in the world – is rated in the highest class ("0") of landmarks of world's cultural heritage.
Lubiąż is also known in Poland for its regional psychiatric hospital.
History.
The village is located on one of the oldest river crossings in Silesia. This crossing was protected by a castle, which was probably destroyed in 1108, and populated by Poles, who lived in a market named Lubies, which was documented in 1175. From the 11th century the settlement belonged to various Silesian principalities ruled by dukes of the Silesian branch of the Piast dynasty.
In the middle of the 12th century an abbey was founded on the place of the former castle. Sources disagree on the exact date and nature of the foundation. While some sources claim the monastery was founded around 1150 by Benedictines and soon after passed to the Cistercians, other sources argue the monastery was founded by Cistercians around 1163. The deed of foundation was ratified in 1175 by Bolesław I the Tall, who chose the abbey as the burial place for him and his dynasty. The monastery was settled with Cistercian monks from Pforta in the Margraviate of Meissen, Bolesław refuge during his stay in Germany. In the same document the duke allowed the monastery to settle their territory with Germans and to exclude them from Polish law, making it the first place of the Ostsiedlung in Silesia. The German small town Leubus was founded on the place of the former Polish market, the place Germanized, and received German town law in 1249.
The region passed to the Crown of Bohemia in 1329 and thus became part of the Holy Roman Empire. On 30 June 1432 the Hussites invaded the village, devastating and burning the monastery. The area was heavily affected by the Thirty Years' War. In 1632 it was plundered by the Saxons, and in 1639 was occupied by Swedish forces. In 1740 Silesia (and so Leubus) was taken from Austria by the Kingdom of Prussia. Municipal law was lost in 1740, and irrevocably in 1844. From 1871 until 1945 Leubus belonged to German Empire, Weimar Republic and finally Nazi Germany. It then passed to Poland along with the bulk of Silesia (see Territorial changes of Poland after World War II). The German inhabitants were expelled, the village resettled by Poles and renamed to Lubiąż.

</doc>
<doc id="9840883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840883" title="Ted Williams (American football coach)">
Ted Williams (American football coach)

Ted J. Williams (born November 17, 1943) is currently the tight end coach with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Coaching career.
College.
Williams taught and coached at Compton High School in Compton, California for more than ten years before being hired as the head coaching job at the Los Angeles City College in 1980. Soon after, he took a coaching job at UCLA to coach linebackers and running backs from 1980 to 1989 under Terry Donahue. At UCLA, he coached All-America linebackers Ken Norton and Carnell Lake as well as future NFL running backs Eric Ball, Mel Farr, Jr., Gaston Green, Freeman McNeil and Jairo Penaranda. From 1991 to 1993, Williams was Washington State University's offensive coordinator and running backs coach, coaching future NFL players Drew Bledsoe and Clarence Williams. In 1994, he coached University of Arizona's secondary.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Williams was hired by the Philadelphia Eagles in 1995 to coach the team's tight ends where he stayed from 1995 to 1996. He was shifted to coach the running backs in 1997. Williams was a big role in the drafting of running back Duce Staley. Williams had scouted Staley at the University of South Carolina and recommended the Eagles pick him with their third-round pick in the 1997 NFL Draft. Staley went on to have a stellar career with the Eagles, accumulating 4,807 yards on 1,200 carries and 22 touchdowns along with 275 catches for 2,498 yards and 10 touchdowns. Williams was only one of four coaches kept on the coaching staff when Ray Rhodes was fired and replaced with Andy Reid. Williams has coached Eagles starting running backs Staley, Correll Buckhalter, Brian Westbrook and LeSean McCoy. Under Williams, the Eagles have had seven 1,000-yard rushers, including Staley with three, Westbrook with two, and McCoy with two as of the 2011 season.
Personal.
Williams is married to his wife Theresa, and has four children: Darryl, Donald, Daniel and Terri.

</doc>
<doc id="9840924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840924" title="Michael Lahti">
Michael Lahti

Michael Lahti (born 1945) is a politician from the State of Michigan. A Democrat, Lahti served in the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 110th District, which is located in the Upper Peninsula and includes all of Iron County, Gogebic County, Ontonagon County, Baraga County, Houghton County, Keweenaw County and Powell Township in Marquette County.
Biography.
Lahti was born in Hancock, Michigan on October 10, 1945 and graduated from Hancock High School. He graduated from Northern Michigan University in 1967. A year after he graduated, Lahti opened a State Farm Insurance agency in Hancock. Lahti was a small business owner and real-estate developer, owning private and commercial lands all across the Keweenaw Peninsula. Lahti lives in Hancock with his wife, Sharon Lahti. He has six children and eight grandchildren.
Political career.
Lahti was elected to the Hancock area School Board in 1994, where he served for seven years. Also in 1994, he was appointed to the Finlandia University board of trustees, where he served for 13 years. In 2000, Lahti was elected to the Houghton County Commission as a Democrat. He served as chairman of the Commission for 6 years. In 2006 he announced his intention to run for the State House seat District 110, being vacated by Democrat Rich Brown. The 110th District is located in the western portion of the Upper Peninsula and is one of the largest in the state. Lahti easily won the Democratic Primary, and went on to face Republican Dave Schmidt in the General Election. He won 64% to 34%. He was easily re-elected in 2008 with 70% of the vote.
In 2010 Lahti ran for the Michigan Senate in the 38th district, which includes the western Upper Peninsula. Lahti lost to former state representative Tom Casperson.

</doc>
<doc id="9840934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840934" title="Enemy of God">
Enemy of God

Enemy of God can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9840938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840938" title="Gary Phillips (basketball)">
Gary Phillips (basketball)

Gary A. Phillips (born December 7, 1939) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'3" (1.90 m) guard, Phillips starred at the University of Houston during the late 1950s and early 1960s. He played five seasons (1961–1966) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Boston Celtics and San Francisco Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="9840957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840957" title="Yakimanka">
Yakimanka

Yakimanka can mean the following objects in Moscow:

</doc>
<doc id="9840994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9840994" title="Adams Memorial (Saint-Gaudens)">
Adams Memorial (Saint-Gaudens)

The Adams Memorial is a grave marker located in Section E of Rock Creek Cemetery, Washington, D.C., featuring a cast bronze allegorical sculpture by Augustus Saint-Gaudens. The shrouded figure is seated against a granite block which forms one side of a hexagonal plot, designed by architect Stanford White.
History.
Erected in 1891, the monument was commissioned by author/historian Henry Adams (a member of the Adams political family) as a memorial to his wife, Marian "Clover" Hooper Adams. Marian Adams, suffering from depression, had died by suicide through the ingestion of potassium cyanide, which she otherwise used to develop photographs. Adams advised Saint-Gaudens to contemplate iconic images from Buddhist devotional art. One such subject, Kannon (also known as Guan Yin, the Bodhisattva of compassion), is frequently depicted as a seated figure draped in cloth. In particular, a painting of Kannon by Kanō Motonobu, in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and shown to Saint-Gaudens by John LaFarge, is said to have played a major role in influencing the conception and design of this sculpture. Henry Adams, who traveled to Japan with LaFarge ostensibly to find inspiration for this memorial, particularly wanted elements of serenely immovable Buddhist human figures to be contrasted with the waterfall-like robe associated with Kannon. In addition to the still and flowing elements, the monument's dualism includes male-female fusion in the figure itself and blends Asian and European ideals of figure. These checks to the standard heroic figure combine to make a "countermonument" for a woman who disliked monuments generally. Saint-Gaudens may also have been influenced by Parisian funerary art from his stay in France.
Saint-Gaudens's name for the bronze figure is "The Mystery of the Hereafter and The Peace of God that Passeth Understanding", but the public commonly called it "Grief"—an appellation that Henry Adams apparently disliked. In a letter addressed to Homer Saint-Gaudens, on January 24, 1908, Adams instructed him:
"Do not allow the world to tag my figure with a name! Every magazine writer wants to label it as some American patent medicine for popular consumption—Grief, Despair, Pear's Soap, or Macy's Mens' Suits Made to Measure. Your father meant it to ask a question, not to give an answer; and the man who answers will be damned to eternity like the men who answered the Sphinx."
At the time of Saint-Gaudens's death, the statue was well known as an important work of American sculpture. Its popularity inspired at least one prominent copy, the "Black Aggie", which was sold to General Felix Agnus for his gravesite.
An informative and engaging study of the memorial and the relationship between Clover and Henry Adams is "Clover: The Tragic Love Story of Clover and Henry Adams and Their Brilliant Life in America's Gilded Age" by historian Otto Friedrich.
On March 16, 1972, the Adams Memorial was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="9841014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841014" title="The Courage to Be Ourselves">
The Courage to Be Ourselves

The Courage to Be Ourselves is the Christmas 1970 pastoral letter of Melkite Catholic Archbishop Joseph Tawil of the Eparchy of Newton. The address defines the raison d'etre for the existence of diasporate Eastern Catholic Churches and their traditions.
Tawil was assigned archbishop of the Meklite Catholic church in the United States in 1969. Many Eastern Catholic churches had adopted Latin practices, and many Melkite Catholics had abandoned their religion. Tawil authored the pastoral letter to address these concerns.
The Four Arguments.
Archbishop Tawil used the letter to lay out four major points on the current state and future direction of the Melkite Church in America.
Legacy and influence.
The pastoral letter served as a catalyst for profound changes in the Melkite church in the United States and for other Eastern Catholic eparchies located in the West. The most noteworthy influence was the de-Latinization of churches in the United States and a re-establishment of Byzantine traditions. Publication of the letter also facilitated ecumenical movements including conversations with the Orthodox Church of Antioch.
During his retirement, Tawil expanded the pastoral letter into a small book. However, he took ill and died prior to editing and publishing the work. 

</doc>
<doc id="9841024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841024" title="List of NCAA Division I men's basketball conference tournament champions">
List of NCAA Division I men's basketball conference tournament champions

The following is a list of NCAA Division I men's basketball conference tournament champions.
__NOTOC__
2009.
All winning schools played in the NCAA Tournament. If a conference's regular-season champion played in its tournament final, it will be indicated by "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="9841039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841039" title="David Culley">
David Culley

David Culley (born September 17, 1955) is currently the assistant head coach and wide receivers coach for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9841048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841048" title="Larry Bell">
Larry Bell

Larry Bell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9841051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841051" title="Thierry de Gruben">
Thierry de Gruben

Baron Thierry de Gruben (born 17 November 1941) is the current Ambassador from the Kingdom of Belgium to the United Kingdom.
He joined the Belgian diplomatic service in 1969 after studying law at the University of Leuven, being assigned to the NATO headquarters in Brussels, and then to the press department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1971 to 1976 he was posted to Moscow, then from 1976 to 1980 to London, where he rose to the rank of First Secretary. From 1980 to 1982 he was consul-general in Bombay; after a few years in Brussels as an assistant to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, he took up his first ambassadorial post in 1985, becoming the Ambassador to Poland. He moved to Moscow in 1990, becoming the Ambassador to the Soviet Union and then to the Russian Federation. In 1995 he left this post to become Special Envoy for Eastern Slavonia during its reintegration into Croatia, leaving in 1997. From 1997 to 2002 he was the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Belgium to NATO, and in 2002 became the Ambassador to the Court of St. James's, a post he currently holds.

</doc>
<doc id="9841062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841062" title="Soyu Matsuoka">
Soyu Matsuoka

Dr. Soyu Matsuoka (松岡 操雄, 1912—1997), along with Sokei-an and Nyogen Senzaki, was one of the early Zen teachers to make the United States his home.
Biography.
Shortly before World War II Matsuoka came to the USA, to serve Japanese immigrants. He came to be the assistant to the abbott of Zenshuji Temple in Los Angeles, and was later the supervisor at Sokoji Soto Zen Mission (Temple) in San Francisco. 
Matsuoka established the Chicago Buddhist Temple in 1949 (now the Zen Buddhist Temple of Chicago). In the 1960s he gathered a following of Americans. Richard Langlois was one of the first Americans ever to perceive Dharma transmission. In 1970 Matsuoka left Chicago and moved to Long Beach, California, where he continued to preside over other communities. Matsuoka left the Soto-shu, Matsuoka holding that Zen is a personal experience, and that the authority of the Soto Sect and its training monasteries (専門僧堂) inhibit the practice of Zen. 
Matsuoka died in 1997. c
Dharma Heirs.
Matsuoka named many Dharma heirs, though their qualifications as teachers have been questioned, given the short time of practice required by Matsuoka and the absence of formal ordination. According to Sampson, at least three of Matsuoka's students received inka shomei. These three "were considered to be fully transmitted priests with the status of Roshi by him". Four students were registered as "initial novice priest", and to five students was conferred "full priesthood".
There are four living Dharma Heirs of Soyu Matsuoka: 
Hogaku established Daibutsuji Zen Temple in Cloudcroft and the Zen Center of Las Cruces, in Las Cruces, New Mexico. So Gozen is now the Abbot of Daibutsuji and the Zen Center of Las Cruces. 
Daiho Hilbert left Daibutsuji to establish the Order of Clear Mind Zen, a socially engaged sangha in New Mexico. 
Taiun Elliston Sensei established the Atlanta Soto Zen Center and is working to establish an order honoring Matsuoka.

</doc>
<doc id="9841114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841114" title="Aurora University (Shanghai)">
Aurora University (Shanghai)

Aurora University (, ) was a preeminent Catholic university in Shanghai from 1903 to 1952. 
The University was founded on 27February, 1903 by Father Joseph Ma Xiangbo S.J. (1840-1939) and French Jesuits. Ma Xiangbo left in 1906 and the university was kept by French Jesuits until the coming of Communist Revolution. From 1908 onwards it was located in Shanghai's French Concession.
In 1952, Aurora University merged into East China Normal University and Fudan University, while the chemistry department was absorbed by the newly-founded East China Institute of Chemical Technology and the Medical School became part of the Shanghai Second Medical College.

</doc>
<doc id="9841171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841171" title="Commonwealth Conference">
Commonwealth Conference

Commonwealth Conference may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9841178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841178" title="Wayne Hooper">
Wayne Hooper

Wayne H. Hooper (July 4, 1920 – February 27, 2007) was widely known as a gospel music composer, arranger and as a singer in the King's Heralds quartet for the Voice of Prophecy radio program.
During his prolific career he produced nine volumes of gospel hymn vocal arrangements, and a number of solo songs and choral music.
The "Hooper style" arrangements of male quartet music performed by the King's Heralds were widely copied throughout the world.
Approximately 100 of his arrangements are now in the public domain and are available online.
His best known song, ""We Have This Hope"," was created as the theme song for the 1962 Seventh-day Adventist General Conference Session in San Francisco.
The song was used again as the theme song for the General Conference sessions of 1966, 1975, 1995 and 2000 and has been translated into numerous languages.
Hooper traveled widely with the King's Heralds throughout the United States and Canada, as well as tours to Central and South America, the Caribbean, and Europe.
He sang in several languages used by Voice of Prophecy affiliates around the world.
Known as Los Heraldos del Rey in Spanish, the quartet was also featured regularly on La Voz de la Esperanza, a Spanish-language Seventh-day Adventist radio ministry.
Biography.
"Wayne Hooper" was born in Little Rock, Arkansas on July 4, 1920 as the child of a chorister and voice teacher.
He received his high school diploma from Gem State Academy, Caldwell, Idaho.
After completing an associate of arts degree in music at Southern California Junior College (now La Sierra University, Riverside), he taught music at Portland Adventist Academy, was a soloist for The Quiet Hour radio broadcast, and was a singing evangelist for the Potomac Conference of Seventh-day Adventists.
He joined the King's Heralds quartet as baritone at the Voice of Prophecy in 1943.
After 4 years he moved to Lincoln, Nebraska where he continued his music education, completing his bachelor's degree in 1947 at Union College.
Returning to the Voice of Prophecy in 1949, he became part of a quartet consisting of Hooper, Bob Edwards, Bob Seamount and Jerry Dill that performed together until 1962.
Following the King's Herald's he continued his service at the Voice of Prophecy as music director, producer of the Sunday radio broadcast, and trust services director until his retirement in 1980.
Hooper earned a Master's degree in composition, choral conducting, and radio broadcasting at Occidental College Los Angeles and was awarded honorary doctor of music degrees by Andrews University and La Sierra University.
Hooper was married to Harriet Schwender in 1941 and had four children.
He was ordained as a Seventh-day Adventist minister in 1955.
He and his wife operated Key Music Company publishing music arrangements and books sent worldwide to customers.
During retirement Hooper continued actively in music until his death on February 27, 2007 in Newbury Park, California.
He was musical co-editor of the 1985 Seventh-day Adventist Hymnal as well as a companion volume (ISBN 978-0-8280-0425-1) giving the history of the 695 selections and composers.
More recently he spent many months restoring and transferring to CDs, the original reel-to-reel recordings of music by the King's Heralds, Del Delker, and other Voice of Prophecy musicians.
A special project that he continued until a few months before his death was setting Bible verses to music to aid children in memorization.
Online music repository.
The family of Wayne Hooper has made his original compositions and arrangements of public domain music available on a web site repository at http://www.vop.com/hoopermusic.
This repository includes his six quartet books, more than 300 Bible memory verse compositions and over 1,000 unpublished works used during recording sessions by Del Delker, the King's Heralds and other soloists and groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9841185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841185" title="Tangent developable">
Tangent developable

The tangent developable of a space curve formula_1 is a developable surface formed by the union of the tangent lines to the curve.
Parameterization.
Let formula_1 be a parameterization of a smooth space curve. That is, formula_3 is a twice-differentiable function with nowhere-vanishing derivative that maps its argument formula_4 (a real number) to a point in space; the curve is the image of formula_3. Then a two-dimensional surface, the tangent developable of formula_3, may be parameterized by the map
The original curve forms a boundary of the tangent developable, and is called its directrix.
Properties.
The tangent developable is a developable surface; that is, it is a surface with zero Gaussian curvature. It is one of three fundamental types of developable surface; the other two are the generalized cones (the surface traced out by a one-dimensional family of lines through a fixed point), and the cylinders (surfaces traced out by a one-dimensional family of parallel lines). (The plane is sometimes given as a fourth type, or may be seen as a special case of either of these two types.) Every developable surface in three-dimensional space may be formed by gluing together pieces of these three types; it follows from this that every developable surface is a ruled surface, a union of a one-dimensional family of lines. However, not every ruled surface is developable; the helicoid provides a counterexample.
History.
Tangent developables were first studied by Leonhard Euler in 1772. Until that time, the only known developable surfaces were the generalized cones and the cylinders. Euler showed that tangent developables are developable and that every developable surface is of one of these types.

</doc>
<doc id="9841219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841219" title="Orville Hungerford">
Orville Hungerford

Orville Hungerford was a two-term United States Representative for the 19th District in New York. He was also a prominent merchant, banker, industrialist, Mason and railroad president in Watertown, New York.
Early years.
The youngest of seven children, Orville Hungerford was born in Farmington, Connecticut (now Bristol) on October 29, 1790. His family claims descent from Thomas Hungerford of Hartford, who arrived in the New World some time prior to 1640. In pursuit of greater economic opportunity, Orville's father, Timothy Hungerford, moved his family to Watertown, New York in the spring of 1804. Watertown is located in upstate New York on the Black River, a short distance from Lake Ontario and the picturesque Thousand Islands region. After becoming the seat of Jefferson County in 1805, the city grew to be a renowned manufacturing center.
Merchant.
As a pioneer, needing help with his farm, Timothy Hungerford was only able to send his son to "winter schools", effectively precluding him from going to college; years later Orville encouraged his son Richard E. to attend Hamilton College in Clinton, New York. Not enamored with eking out a living from the land, at age fourteen Orville began working as a clerk in his brother-in-law Jabez Foster's general store in the village of Burrs Mills (also known as Burrville). This business was a partnership between Foster and Thomas M. Converse. When Orville was eighteen, Foster moved the store to Watertown, a busier location. Orville's diligence paid off and he became Foster's partner in the firm known as Foster & Hungerford, which profited handsomely from selling supplies to U.S Army stationed at Sackets Harbor during the War of 1812. In 1813, Foster became a judge in the Court of Common Pleas for Jefferson County, while Hungerford decided to focus on expanding his commercial interests rather than reading law. He set up his own store, eventually partnering with Foster's son-in-law Adriel Ely, only withdrawing his interest upon entering Congress.
Family.
On October 13, 1813, Orville Hungerford married Elizabeth Porter Stanley, known as Betsy, from Wethersfield, Connecticut". She was the daughter of George and Hannah (Porter) Stanley. The couple had the following children: Mary Stanley (May 6, 1815-Mar. 13, 1893), Marcus (Aug. 30, 1817-Sep. 3, 1863), Martha B. (Nov. 30, 1819-Sep. 21, 1896), Richard Esselstyne (Mar. 28, 1824-Jan. 5, 1896), Frances Elizabeth (Feb. 8, 1827-Nov. 25, 1902), Grace, and Orville F. (Feb. 25, 1830-Nov. 26, 1902.) Betsy stayed home and raised the children while Orville, ever the hard worker, set his sites on creating financial stability for his family.
Banker.
Because Watertown, New York was expanding in the early nineteenth century, businessmen there needed greater access to local capital. In 1816, Jabez Foster and others successfully petitioned the legislature to establish the Jefferson County Bank. Foster was chosen to help apportion stock and choose the building location, which was a contentious matter because each community in the area wanted the bank to be located there. The bank ended up being built in Adams, New York, and was initially capitalized with $50,000.00, of which half the amount was paid in. However, the bank did not fare financially well in Adams. Pursuant to an act passed on November 19, 1824, the bank relocated to Watertown and the capital fund was increased to $80,000.00. Foster served as the second bank president (1817–1819). Orville, who often followed the lead of his brother-in-law, served as the bank cashier (1820–1833) and later as president (1834–1845). Throughout the entire nineteenth century, the bank, nationally chartered in 1865, never defaulted on its obligations and from 1824 paid its shareholders regular dividends. To put its growth in perspective: in 1821 it had resources of $91,000.00; by January 1, 1916, it had resources of $3,000,000.00. In 1916, Orville's grandson, Orville E. Hungerford, was vice-president of the bank.
Industrialist.
Orville Hungerford played an important role in the industrialization of the Watertown area. For example, he helped establish the Sterling Iron Company, Black River Woolen Company, and the Jefferson County Mutual Insurance Company.
Homestead.
One of Orville Hungerford's goals was to earn enough money from his ventures to build a grand home. In 1823, he began to construct the largest house in Watertown on a piece of property that he purchased in 1816 for $500.00 from Olney and Eliza Pearce. On November 11, 1825, he opened the six-paneled door with a brass eagle-knocker at 336 Washington Street and moved into his mansion, made out of native limestone with 10 fireplaces and a carriage house. The English ivy-covered residence eventually passed to Orville's daughter, Frances E., a spinster, whose estate conveyed it to her niece Helen Hungerford (Mrs. Leland G. Woolworth). After Helen died, ownership of the house transferred to her sister Harriet Hungerford, another spinster. Harriet had been living next door in her father Marcus Hungerford's house at 330 Washington Street. She moved into the Orville Hungerford mansion in 1946 and lived there until her death on October 26, 1956. By this time most of the family had moved out of the Watertown area and no one wanted to return. The Watertown National Bank bought the property from Harriet's estate and sold it to Joseph Capone, a developer. In turn, John R. Burns, purchased the structure and reassembled the house minus the left wing several blocks away on Flower Avenue West, where it still stands. The house is in remarkably good shape today due to the loving care and modernization efforts of its recent owners. At present, the old Hungerford homestead on Washington Avenue is the site of a Best Western Carriage House Inn, attached out back to the original carriage house. 
Militia Cavalry.
What is known about Orville Hungerford's military career is minimal. In 1821 he succeeded Captain Jason Fairbanks and was also on the staff of Major General Clark Allen Another source lists Orville as the Quartermaster of the Twelfth Division of infantry in 1822.
Free Mason.
Orville Hungerford became enamored with Free Masonry because many of his mentors and friends were involved in the fraternal organization and perhaps because it gave him a sense of belonging to a collegial group that he lacked by not going to college. In 1826, Hungerford along with his business partner, Adriel Ely, and others applied for a dispensation to establish a local Encampment of Knights Templar. On February 22, 1826, the Deputy Grand Commander of the Grand Encampment, Oliver W. Lownds, granted the dispensation. Hungerford presided as Grand Commander from March 24, 1826 until April 17, 1829 during which time twenty-nine men had the Order of the Temple conferred upon them. However, the 1826 disappearance of William Morgan, who threatened to publicize the secrets of Freemasonry, caused the public to lash out at Masonic targets. Due to this public condemnation of secret societies, which were deemed to corrupt the body politic, Sir Orville's encampment went dark in 1831. In February 1850, after the furor abated, Hungerford and others successfully petitioned the Grand Encampment of New York to reissue their former warrant, thereby establishing Watertown Commandery No. 11.
On January 16, 1826, Hungerford bought from Hart Masey a three-story brick building on Washington Street in Watertown, which housed the Eastern Light Lodge No. 289. The deed to the building had a covenant to secure the use of a 40 by 42.5 room on the third floor for the Masons. During the height of the Morgan affair uproar, the Lodge operated in secret, communicating to members by placing a lighted candle in certain windows. In 1834-35 the Lodge failed to hold annual elections; the concomitant failure to collect dues resulted in forfeiture of the charter, which was reinstated in 1835 upon a successful petition to the Grand Lodge. The Washington Street building was destroyed in a fire on January 27, 1851 and the Lodge moved temporarily to an Odd Fellows Hall and then to several other locations.
Community Service.
Orville was actively involved in his community, making a point to give back and help those less fortunate. One of the big problems then and now was poverty. As a result, Jefferson County established a poor house system paid for by appropriations from each town. In 1826, Hungerford was appointed as one of the first superintendents of the poor house located on the 150-acre Dudley Farm in Le Ray, New York. People sent to the poor house would have a place to live and would be provided with food and rudimentary medical care in exchange for some work, usually tied in with farming, e.g., picking oakum.
On August 1, 1828, a man by the name of Barney Griffin, who had travelled from Syracuse to the Village of Sackets Harbor several days earlier, ended up dying in the Jefferson County Poor House. Orville went over to investigate. Upon searching Griffin's clothes, he found the cash sum of two hundred and twenty-two dollars and fifteen cents - more than enough money for Griffin to pay for a hotel. Hungerford put an advertisement in the a paper to see if a relative would claim the money. No one did. He then turned the money over to the County Treasurer for use of the Poor House, deducting a dollar for the advertisement money that came out of his own pocket. Understanding the nature of greed, he asked the County Board of Supervisors to indemnify him for his actions, which it agreed to do. 
In 1833, Hungerford's brother-in-law and former business partner, Jabez Foster, sold the County some land near Watertown for $1,500.00 on which to build a new poor house. Hungerford and two others were tasked with setting up the new establishment. 
Politician.
Orville's friendship with local politician and judge, Perley Keyes, piqued his interest in politics. Keyes, a fellow Free Mason, encouraged him to publicly stand up against the anti-Masonic fervor that was sweeping the country in the aftermath of the Morgan affair. Keyes also was heavily involved in politics and was a stalwart of the Democratic party. As a result, he joined the Democratic party, effectively becoming Keyes's understudy.
In 1842, as a Democrat, Orville Hungerford was elected to the 28th and two years later to the 29th U.S. Congress. In his second term he served on the powerful Committee on Ways and Means. He supported a tariff on imported goods, which earned him the enmity of Southerners in favor of free trade. 
In 1846 Hungerford lost his seat to a Whig party candidate. In 1847, he ran for New York State Comptroller on the Democratic ticket, but was defeated by future U.S. President Millard Fillmore 174,756 votes to 136,027 votes.
Railroad President.
After his political career ended, Orville Hungerford began focusing his energies on establishing the Watertown & Rome Railroad. On April 17, 1832, the New York legislature incorporated the Watertown & Rome Railroad, naming Hungerford as one of its commissioners charged with promoting the line. Although, the initial act called for track to be laid within three years and the line to be completed within five years, a shortage of capital forced the promoters to seek extensions of the charter in 1837, 1845, and 1847 at which point Orville was elected its first president. He played a key role in raising the necessary capital. Unfortunately, he never got to see a train complete a journey because he died shortly before the inaugural run on May 29, 1851, covering the 53-mile stretch between Rome to the hamlet of Pierrepont Manor (originally called Bear Creak). The Hon. William C. Pierrepont, who owned the property where the railroad initially ended, followed Orville as president. At 11:00 p.m. on September 5, 1851, the first train steamed into the temporary passenger station on Stone Street in Watertown. The railroad named its fifth engine, the Orville Hungerford, in his honor. Delivered to the railroad, on September 19, 1851, this engine, built by William Fairbanks in Taunton, Massachusetts, was twenty-one and a half tons in weight. 
Death.
After a 12-day illness starting out as bilious cholic, Orville Hungerford died on April 6, 1851. His funeral service was held in the First Presbyterian Church, which he helped fund and rebuild, across the street from his house. He was buried several miles away in Brookside Cemetery. Dozens of family members would be buried or interred in this beautiful cemetery. His wife, Betsy, the matriarch of the family, died on September 17, 1861 and was interred alongside her husband in the Hungerford mausoleum in Brookside Cemetery.
Retrospect.
In many respects, Orville Hungerford, known for his honesty and industriousness, epitomized the self-made man of the nineteenth century. Decades after his death, a journalist aptly stated that " had rare financial talents, and was a first-class business man." In politics, he learned the ultimate lesson: rectitude will kill a career trying to serve the people. He was unafraid of voicing his opinion though. On February 21, 1846, the U.S. House of Representatives deliberated whether to break for two days in honor of George Washington's birthday. A voice demurred. Representative William L. Yancey, the Southern secessionist and duelist, was so enraged that he shouted out for the dissenter to make himself known. Hungerford retorted: "I show my face, and I object. Are you satisfied?" Alas, as time has gone by, Hungerford's achievements have faded along with the pages of old history books.
Most of Hungerford's descendants moved away from Watertown in the twentieth century when industrial malaise struck the region. His memory, however, is still kept alive by some of his scattered family members. Through his granddaughter's progeny - Helen Mary Hungerford Mann - he is honored by having his name bestowed on four generations of males.
In July 1908, Jeannette Huntington Riley noted in a letter written for a history of the Adriel Ely family that "Orville Hungerford was a dignified and some might have said a cold, stern man; but to me, only a young girl, he was always exceedingly kind. I am always proud to say I had an uncle who went to Congress when it meant something!" She also noted that his wife, her "aunt Betsy, the sweetest--no other word would express her character."
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="9841227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841227" title="Bonne of Berry">
Bonne of Berry

Bonne of Berry (1362/1365 – 30 December 1435) was the daughter of John, Duke of Berry, and Joanna of Armagnac. Through her father, she was a granddaughter of John II of France.
First marriage.
Her first marriage was to Amadeus VII, Count of Savoy. Their marriage contract is dated 7 May 1372 and they married in 18 January 1377, but she wouldn't arrive in Savoy until 1381. They had the following children:
After Amadeus' death in 1391, a regency dispute over their son Amadeus VIII ensued after her husband passed over Bonne in favor of his mother Bonne of Bourbon. This conflict would only be resolved by an agreement, signed on 8 May 1393.
Second marriage.
Her second marriage was to Bernard VII of Armagnac. Their marriage contract is dated on 2 December 1393. They had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="9841246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841246" title="Necron">
Necron

Necron is the title character of an Italian humorous-horror adult comics miniseries published between 1981 and 1985.
Background.
"Necron" debuted in January 1981, published by editor Edifumetto; the authors, writer Mirka Martini and illustrator Roberto Raviola, signed the comics with the pen names Ilaria Volpe and Magnus. "Necron" was initially intended to be a single episode, but the publisher convinced the authors to make a whole miniseries. The series closed after 11 episodes in November 1981, then the character returned in a twelfth out of series episode in 1983, and finally in two special issues in June 1985. During the years, the series was republished and several anthologic books were released.
Plot and style.
The comic, a sexy-parody of Frankenstein, features the adventures of the nymphomaniac and necrophiliac mad doctor Frieda Boher and of his slave-lover Necron, a strong, well endowed and cannibal humanoid assembled with fragments of corpses.
The series was critically appreciated for its visual style, different from the previous works of Magnus, here characterized for a more clean and elegant pencil mark, so to be paired to the Franco-Belgian ″ligne claire″.

</doc>
<doc id="9841275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841275" title="Money Lo">
Money Lo

Money Lo Man Yee (盧敏儀) is a Hong Kong actress.

</doc>
<doc id="9841332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841332" title="Stegnaster inflatus">
Stegnaster inflatus

Stegnaster inflatus, or the New Zealand cushion star, is a sea star of the family Echinasteridae, endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="9841336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841336" title="Hair dye stripping">
Hair dye stripping

Hair dye stripping is a process used to rid the hair of unwanted deposited color.
Procedure.
Hair dye stripping is a chemical process involving the application of a sulfur-based product to hair in order to remove deposited color. Hair dye strippers raise sulfite levels to make hair more porous and reverse the oxidation of color molecules. This breaks the bonds dyes form between one another and the hair shaft that were formed by oxidizing small hair color intermediates, shrinking the molecules and allowing hair color to be washed out of the hair. Because of the chemical nature of hair dye strippers, they are effective on both newly dyed hair and older dye.
Note that this type of color correction is ineffective on hair lightened with hydrogen peroxide, as hair bleaching is an irreversible chemical reaction that oxidizes hair's melanin, effectively rendering it colorless. Most color depositing dyes use a weak hydrogen peroxide-based developer, or oxidizing agent, so results may not match natural hair color.
Notes for usage.
It is advisable to follow color removal with a clear color filler before attempting to color hair again because hair will be more porous and re-dyed hair may darken more intensely and quickly.
Additionally, hair dye stripping products often have a strong, lingering odor reminiscent of rotting eggs due to their sulfuric nature.
Caution.
Hair dye strippers contain chemical irritants. Avoid direct skin contact and use in well-ventilated areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9841343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841343" title="Reverse cowgirl">
Reverse cowgirl

Reverse cowgirl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9841395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841395" title="Keilite">
Keilite

Keilite is an iron-magnesium sulfide mineral (chemical formula (Fe,Mg)S)) that is found in enstatite chondrites. Keilite is the iron-dominant analog of niningerite. Keilite is named after Klaus Keil (born 1934).
Occurrences.
Examples of keilite occurrences are enstatite chondrites and the Zakłodzie meteorite. It appears to be confined to impact-melt influenced enstatite chondrites that were quenched. There are also some meteorites interpreted as impact-melt breccias that don't contain keilite. This is explained as a deeper burial after impact, which slowed cooling and enabled retrograde reactions (diapthoresis) to take place.

</doc>
<doc id="9841406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841406" title="Independent School District 318">
Independent School District 318

Independent School District 318 is a school district located in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States, that operates public primary and secondary schools within the district. The district serves the communities of Balsam, Bigfork, Cohasset, Effie, Grand Rapids, Squaw Lake, Togo, Warba and Wawina. The current superintendent is Joe Silko who was hired in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9841417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841417" title="Greg Pickersgill">
Greg Pickersgill

Greg Pickersgill, born in Haverfordwest, Wales in 1951, is an influential British science fiction fan. He lived in London between 1971 and 1992, then returned to Haverfordwest.
Pickersgill's love of science fiction led him into UK fandom where his influence has been substantial, spanning fan-writing and convention-running. He joined the BSFA in 1967, a week too late for that year's only convention. His fanzines include "Fouler", "Ritblat", "Stop Breaking Down", and "Rastus Johnson's Cakewalk". Convention activities include developing British fanrooms in the 1970s, fanrooms at the 1987 and 1995 Worldcons and the 2000 Eastercon, and a key role in the Mexicons of the 1980s. He created the "Memory Hole" (a combined permanent fanzine collection and redistribution system), the former Memory Hole internet forum (for discussing reading, collecting and archiving science fiction fanzines) and helped set up The Mexicon Hat (a charitable fund to assist projects related to British fandom; beneficiaries included the journal "Critical Wave").
A collection of Pickersgill's writing for fanzines, "Can't Get Off the Island", was published to coincide with his guest appearance at the 2005 World Science Fiction Convention, Interaction.
His other interests include British jazz and military helmets.

</doc>
<doc id="9841462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841462" title="Communal shower">
Communal shower

Communal showers are a group of single showers put together in one room/area. They are often used in changerooms, prisons, and army barracks for personal hygiene.
Though not as widely used in the West today, communal showers are often present in school locker rooms for use in personal hygiene after physical education. They also continue to exist in some gymnasia and many swimming pools. 

</doc>
<doc id="9841478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841478" title="Norwegian Missionary Society">
Norwegian Missionary Society

The Norwegian Missionary Society (, NMS) is a Norwegian missionary organization.
It was started by a group of approx 180 people in the town of Stavanger in Norway in August 1842. The goal was to spread the Christian religion to other peoples, mainly in Africa. Hans Paludan Smith Schreuder became the first emissary, leaving for Zululand in 1843.
NMS currently has missaries in 15 countries or regions: Estonia, United Kingdom, France, Croatia, Cameroon, Mali, Ethiopia, South Africa, Madagascar, Brazil, Pakistan, China, Thailand, and Japan. The society also works with the Middle East through satellite TV.
The board chairperson is Kari Skår Sørheim, who won a vote against Kjell Erfjord in 2008 and was reelected in 2011. Jeffrey Huseby has been secretary-general since 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9841524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841524" title="Kankakee Belt Route">
Kankakee Belt Route

The Kankakee Belt Route is the nickname for the Illinois Division of the New York Central Railroad, which extended from South Bend, Indiana, through Kankakee, Illinois, and westward to Zearing, Illinois. 
This line was sometimes referred to as the "3 I Line", in reference to a corporate predecessor, the "Indiana, Illinois & Iowa Railroad".
That portion of the line west of Kankakee to Moronts. Illinois, roughly parallels the Illinois River in Northern Illinois and was used, in large part, to transport corn toward eastern markets. See Kankakee Outwash Plain
History.
In the mid-1930s, waterway improvements were made on the Illinois River to improve barge movement (for example, new wider and deeper locks at Lockport). These improvements enabled the Illinois River to handle larger barges as well as movement of Tank Landing Ships (LST) constructed by the Chicago Bridge and Iron Company at Seneca, IL during World War II to New Orleans. After these improvements, significant grain traffic (primarily corn) was drawn away from the railroads to the river barges. Corn was now being moved to Chicago by barge, transferred to rail car at Great Lakes facilities and then shipped to Eastern US destinations by rail.
Prior to 1957, barge rates from ports along the Illinois River to Chicago and then via rail from Chicago to eastern destinations had a total shipping cost of 53.625 cents for corn and 54.125 cents for corn products. 
At the same time, the rates for shipping corn via all-rail routes from origins on the Kankakee Belt Line to eastern markets averaged 72 cents for corn and 72.5 cents for corn products.
What took place from 1956 to the Supreme Court decision in 1964 MECHLING BARGE LINES v. U.S., 376 U.S. 375 (1964) is another episode in the long and continued competitive struggle between the railroads and waterway barge lines.
Today.
Today, the Norfolk Southern operates the Kankakee Belt Route (ex-Conrail, ex-NYC, Kankakee Belt Line).
The Kankakee Belt Route sees around eight to ten trains daily, from the BNSF (old AT&SF main line) at Streator, Illinois to Norfolk Southern Railway interchanges and facilities in Indiana. It still serves as a Chicago bypass.
The west end of this Norfolk Southern Line is now at the former Illinois River bridge at DePue. This swing bridge at DePue was removed in the early 1980s, and much of the track north to Ladd has also been removed. Illinois Railway still uses a small portion of the track between Depue and Ladd to serve industry in Ladd and as storage. The track between Ladd and Zearing still exists as a branch line operated by Illinois Railway between Zearing and La Salle.
The east end of the Kankakee Belt towards South Bend is unused except for the local trackage around South Bend. NS operates the local trackage of the Kankakee Belt in South Bend in conjunction with their operations of the former New Jersey, Indiana, and Illinois Railroad, a Wabash subsidiary, and the Vandalia line, a former PRR route from Logansport. Since the demise of Studebaker and Singer, these lines are lightly used with no more than five customers total. The track between here and the NIPSCO plant in Wheatfield was removed in 1983.
NYC Kankakee Belt Line - Illinois section (1964).
List of Illinois cities and interchange railroads (east to west) as of 1964
NYC Kankakee Belt Line - Indiana section (1964).
List of Indiana cities and interchange railroads (east to west) as of 1964
References.
http://www.lib.niu.edu/1975/ii7511323.html

</doc>
<doc id="9841546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841546" title="Jerry Johnson">
Jerry Johnson

Jerry or Gerry Johnson may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9841590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841590" title="Levaya Khetta River">
Levaya Khetta River

The Levaya Khetta () is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug of Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is a left tributary of the Nadym River. The length of the Levaya Khetta is . The area of its basin is .

</doc>
<doc id="9841592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841592" title="Mayhem (comics)">
Mayhem (comics)

Mayhem is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
Publication history.
The character of detective Brigid O'Rielly first appeared in "Cloak and Dagger" #1 (Oct 1983), and was created by Bill Mantlo and Rick Leonardi. She subsequently appeared in issues #2-4 (November 1983-January 1984) of the same series, and issues #1-5 (July 1985-March 1986) of the second "Cloak and Dagger" series.
In "Cloak and Dagger" Vol. 2 #5 (Mar 1986), Brigid underwent a drastic transformation and became known as Mayhem. The character subsequently appeared, as Mayhem, in "Cloak and Dagger" #6-9 (May–November 1986), "Strange Tales" #13-15 (April–June 1988), #19 (October 1988), "The Mutant Misadventures of Cloak and Dagger" #1-2 (October, December 1988), #5-6 (June, August 1989), #8 (November 1989), #10-18 (February 1990-June 1991), "Web of Spider-Man Annual" #9 (1993) and #10 (1994).
Mayhem received an entry in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition" #8. However, some of the color plates were reversed in that issue, and those pages, including Mayhem, were printed correctly in issue #9.
Fictional character biography.
Brigid O'Rielly was a police detective in Manhattan, when she learned that Cloak and Dagger were attacking criminals in her precinct. At first she wanted to bring the pair to justice, but eventually, she learned to trust the young crime-fighters.
Later, she took a squad of police officers to investigate a warehouse belonging to the same pharmaceutical company that was responsible for giving Cloak and Dagger their powers. Some corrupt policemen, led by Roger Falcone, exposed the other police officers to a gas to asphyxiate them. With her dying breath, Brigid swore vengeance on Falcone. As Brigid lay dying, Cloak and Dagger found her, and though they were too late to save the other police, Cloak surrounded her and Dagger with his darkness, while Dagger tried to revive her with her light. When this appeared not to work, the pair abandoned her body to search for those responsible.
Though Brigid O'Rielly died, she was reborn as Mayhem, and she helped Cloak and Dagger find and fight the corrupt police, and she killed Falcone as promised. She is now herself a vigilante, showing no mercy to the drug dealers and other criminals she pursues.
The Initiative.
Brigid was considered as a "potential recruit" for the Initiative program, according to "Civil War: Battle Damage Report".
Powers and abilities.
Mayhem exudes a green, venomous gas from her pores that tends to surround her. If this gas enters another person's bloodstream, it will paralyze the person for an unknown amount of time. Hence, Mayhem attacks people by raking their skin with her talon-like fingernails so that the gas will enter their bloodstreams. Possibly some of her victims could be paralyzed for life due to the effects of the gas.
The gas can also act like a truth serum, forcing a victim of Mayhem to tell her the truth.
Dagger's "light-knives" dissipate upon contact with this gas.
Mayhem can levitate herself and fly through unknown means. Her top speed is as yet unknown.
Since Mayhem technically "died", it is possible that her body functions differently now in other ways in addition to those listed above. Exactly what those differences are remains to be seen.
Mayhem may also have superhuman strength.

</doc>
<doc id="9841654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841654" title="Ain Sifni">
Ain Sifni

Ain Sifni (, ) is an Assyrian town and capital of Shekhan District in the Ninawa province in Iraq.
It's mainly populated by Assyrians and Yazidis. 
See also.
Shekhan District
Assyrian

</doc>
<doc id="9841668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841668" title="Charles Dalmorès">
Charles Dalmorès

Charles Dalmorès (January 1, 1871 – December 6, 1939) was a French tenor. He enjoyed an international operatic career, singing to public and critical acclaim on both sides of the Atlantic during the first two decades of the 20th century.
Biography.
He was born on January 1, 1871 as Henri Alphonse Brin in Nancy, France. Dalmorès studied at the local conservatory of music and embarked on a career as a horn player with the Colonne and Lamoureux orchestras. In 1894, the Lyons Conservatory appointed him to a professorial position. Later, when his voice showed signs of promise, he abandoned instrumental music and took singing lessons in Paris. He made his operatic debut at the Théâtre des Arts in Rouen on October 6, 1899, in the heavy Wagnerian role of Siegfried. Following this, he spent six seasons with the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels and sang with success at London's Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in 1904-1905 and 1909-1911. 
His American debut took place in Charles Gounod's "Faust", in which he appeared with New York's Manhattan Opera Company on December 7, 1906. He spent four years with the company, specializing in French roles. For American audiences, he created the roles of Julien in Gustave Charpentier's "Louise" and Jean Gaussin in Jules Massenet's "Sapho". Another famous part that he sang was Pelleas in Claude Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande". He also appeared in numerous productions with the Philadelphia Opera Company between 1908-1910.
In 1910 Dalmorès was engaged by the Chicago Grand Opera Company with whom he performed until 1914. The company was highly active in Philadelphia as well as Chicago and often performed under the title of the Philadelphia-Chicago Grand Opera Comoany while in that city. With that company he notably performed the role of Vinicius in the United States premiere of Jean Nouguès's "Quo vadis". In 1917 Dalmorès joined the Chicago Opera Association. There he sang for the first time the title roles in Richard Wagner's "Parsifal" and "Tristan und Isolde". 
He also visited Germany and Austria on different occasions prior to the outbreak of World War I, performing Wagner in the original language in Berlin and other cities. In 1908-1909, he appeared at the Vienna Court Opera and undertook the role of Lohengrin, in Wagner's eponymous opera, at the 1908 Bayreuth Festival.
Tall for a tenor, he was praised by contemporary critics not only for his strong, steady, well-modulated voice but also for his impressive stage presence and acting. Fortunately, he made a number of gramophone records for the Victor Talking Machine Company which have been reissued on CD. Produced between 1907 and 1912, they confirm the excellence of his musicianship and the imposing power of his declamatory singing, although the top of his range sounds a bit constricted on these 100-year-old discs. One of his most celebrated records is a 1907 rendition of Manrico's aria Ah! si, ben mio, from Giuseppe Verdi's "Il trovatore", in which he displays an admirably smooth legato line, elegant phrasing and a splendid trill. He also recorded a few French songs as well as arias and duets from various operas, including "Lohengrin", Giacomo Meyerbeer's "Le prophète", Camille Saint-Saëns' "Samson et Dalila", Jacques Offenbach's "Les Contes d'Hoffmann", Georges Bizet's "Carmen", Massenet's "Griselidis", and Gounod's "Roméo et Juliette" and "Faust". 
Dalmorès returned to France in 1918 but subsequently went back to the United States to live where he taught singing. He died in Hollywood, California on December 6, 1939, at the age of 68. 
Legacy.
In the pantheon of great French dramatic/lyric-dramatic tenors, his place is secure. He proved to be a worthy successor to Jean de Reszke (the biggest male opera star of his day), Léon Escalais and Albert Alvarez, each of whom enjoyed international careers during the 1890s and early 1900s. Of those French-speaking tenors who took up his mantle, the most esteemed were Paul Franz and Fernand Ansseau, followed in turn by Rene Maison, Georges Thill and, finally, Jose Luccioni, who was the last representative of this distinguished lineage. Luccioni retired in 1962. There are no big-voiced French tenors of comparable stature singing today.

</doc>
<doc id="9841670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841670" title="Jean Daniel">
Jean Daniel

Jean Daniel, (né Jean Daniel Bensaid) (21 July 1920-) is an Algerian-born French-Jewish journalist and author. He is the founder and executive editor of "Le Nouvel Observateur" weekly.
Daniel is a Jewish humanist in the tradition of the French Left. He was a former colleague and friend of Albert Camus. In "La prison juive: Humeurs et méditations d'un témoin" ("The Jewish Prison"), Daniel argues that prosperous, assimilated Jews in the west live in a self-imposed prison made of up of three invisible walls: the idea of the Chosen People, Holocaust remembrance, and support for Israel. "Having trapped themselves inside these walls...," wrote Adam Shatz in describing the book, "they were less able to see themselves clearly, or to appreciate the suffering of others -- particularly the Palestinians living behind the 'separation fence.'"
Jean Daniel was a member of the Saint-Simon Foundation think-tank.

</doc>
<doc id="9841682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841682" title="Powdery mildew (barley)">
Powdery mildew (barley)

Powdery mildew is a fungal disease of barley caused by "Blumeria graminis" f. sp. "hordei". The disease has a worldwide distribution and is most damaging in cool, wet climates. The host range of the form species "hordei" is restricted to barley and other "Hordeum species".
Symptoms.
At first, powdery mildew can be observed as small greyish patches of fluffy fungal growth (mycelium) on the upper surface of the lower leaves. These spots resemble small cushions of white powder. Leaf tissue on the opposite side of an infected leaf turns pale green to yellow. The fungus only infects the epidermal layer and can be easily scraped off with a fingernail. Infections can also occur on the leaf sheaths and ears. Leaves remain green and active for some time following infection, then gradually become chlorotic and die off. As the disease progresses, the mycelium often becomes dotted with minute black points (cleistothecia), which are the sexual fruiting bodies of the fungus.
Disease cycle.
The fungus overwinters as cleistothecia on straw, and in milder climates, also as mycelium and conidia on stubble and straw or volunteer barley and certain grasses. Windborne ascospores or conidia are the primary inoculum and can be dispersed over considerable distances. Infection by conidia requires high humidity, but not free water on the leaf surface. Sporulation and spore dispersal are favored by drier conditions. Thus the disease does well under alternating wet and dry conditions. Production of conidia declines markedly as the colony ages. Cleistothecia develop on older leaves as the plant matures. Low temperatures, together with the wetting of the cleistothecia for at least 72 hours, induces the maturations of the ascospores. Ascospores are released following rains, but are relatively sparse in comparison to the condia.

</doc>
<doc id="9841710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841710" title="Margaretta Eagar">
Margaretta Eagar

Margaretta (or Margaret) Alexandra Eagar (1863 — 1936), was an Irishwoman who served as a nanny to the four daughters of Emperor and Empress Nicholas II and Alexandra Feodorovna of Russia, the Grand Duchesses Olga; Tatiana; Maria; and Anastasia—known collectively as OTMA—from 1898 to 1904. 
In 1906 she wrote a memoir entitled "Six Years at the Russian Court" about her time with the family.
Biography.
Early life.
Eagar was born in Limerick, Ireland on 12 August 1863. She was one of ten children born to a Protestant couple, Francis McGillycuddy Eagar and Frances Margaret Holden. She was trained as a medical nurse in Belfast and worked at one point as matron of an orphanage.
Time at Court.
Eagar was appointed nurse to the daughters of Nicholas II in 1898 and remained with them until 1904. Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna, an aunt of the girls later recalled Eagar's great love of politics. As a toddler, Maria once escaped from her bath and ran naked up and down the palace corridor while Eagar discussed the Dreyfus Affair with a friend. "Fortunately, I arrived just at that moment, picked her up and carried her back to Miss Eagar, who was still talking about Dreyfus," recalled the Grand Duchess.
The four grand duchessess began learning English from Eagar and, by 1904—by which time Eagar had left the Imperial Court—had developed a slight Hiberno-English accent in their pronunciation. In 1908 English tutor Charles Sydney Gibbes was brought in to "correct" this. 
Eagar, who grew fond of all four grand duchesses, wrote in her book that she left the Russian Court for personal reasons. However, it was possible that she was dismissed due to the tense political situation surrounding the Russo-Japanese War, as Great Britain largely sided with Japan.
Later life.
Eagar received a pension from the Russian government for her time as a nurse. She exchanged letters with the grand duchesses describing her work as a governess for other families up until their murder in July 1918. Family members stated that she remained haunted by the brutal murder of the family for the rest of her life. In later years, she ran a boarding house that proved unsuccessful and left her in debt. She died in a nursing home in 1936, at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="9841717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841717" title="Sanyo Electric Railway Main Line">
Sanyo Electric Railway Main Line

The is a railway line in Japan operated by the private railway operator Sanyo Electric Railway. It stretches from Kobe west to Himeji via Akashi, Kakogawa and other municipalities in Hyōgo Prefecture. The line runs parallel to West Japan Railway Company (JR West) Sanyo Main Line, with closest sections between Sanyo Suma and Sanyo Akashi stations, and competes with the JR line for its entire stretch.
Operation.
The line accepts trains of Hanshin via Kobe Rapid, down (west) to . In the Sanyo Main Line, all Hanshin trains stop all stations on their way, though in Hanshin's Main Line some are operated as Locals and some as Limited Express.
Rapid service.
Abbreviations are tentative for this article.
All day operation:
Morning and night only:
Stations.
Abbreviations of rapid service trains, see above section. Lower cases show limited hour/service.
History.
The line first opened on 15 March 1910 as the between Hyogo and Suma (present-day ). This was a line with a 600 V DC overhead power supply.
Accidents.
On 12 February 2013, at around 15:50, a non-stop 6-car limited express service bound for collided with the rear end of a truck which was protruding onto a level crossing to the west of Arai Station. The first two cars of the train derailed and slid 170 m before hitting the edge of the station platform and coming to rest. 15 people were injured in the collision, including the train driver and truck driver.

</doc>
<doc id="9841738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841738" title="Zsigmond Szathmáry">
Zsigmond Szathmáry

Zsigmond Szathmáry (born 28 April 1939 in Hódmezővásárhely, near Szeged) is a Hungarian organist, pianist, composer, and conductor.
Life.
Szathmáry studied composition with Ferenc Szabó and organ with Ferenc Gergely at the Franz Liszt Music Academy in Budapest from 1958 to 1963. He pursued post-graduate instrumental education at first in Vienna with Alois Forer and—after he moved to Germany—from 1964 at the Frankfurt Musikhochschule with Helmut Walcha. Parallel to this he participated from 1964 to 1967 in the Cologne Courses for New Music, studying composition with Henri Pousseur and Karlheinz Stockhausen, and attended the Darmstädter Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Musik in 1964 and 1965, studying with György Ligeti (Wienke 2001).
After sitting his A-exams in church music in 1970, Szathmáry worked at first as Kantor and organist in Hamburg-Wellingsbüttel and from 1976 to 1978 at the Bremen Cathedral (Wienke 2001). From 1972 he was also active as a lecturer at the conservatories in Lübeck, Bremen, and Hannover; in 1978 he accepted the position of professor of organ at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg (Wienke 2001). Besides guest professorships in Tokyo and Seoul, and organ courses (inter. al., as lecturer at the Summer Academy for Organists in Haarlem, the Darmstädter Internationale Ferienkurse für Neue Musik, as well as at numerous conservatories and universities in Europe, North America, Japan, and Korea), Szathmáry has developed a worldwide career not only as an organist and pianist, but also as a conductor.
His artistic activities have been rewarded with numerous prizes and honors: in 1960 he won first prize in the Budapest Organ Competition, in 1972 he was awarded the Bach-Prize Stipend from the city of Hamburg, in 1973 was inducted into the Freie Akademie der Künste in Hamburg, and in 1987 received the Franz Liszt Badge of the Hungarian Liszt Memorial Committee (A Magyar Köztársaság Liszt Ferenc Emlékbizottsága) and the Pro Artibus award from the Artisjus Foundation. Since 2009 he has been an honorary member of the Széchenyi Academy of Letters and Arts (Hungarian Academy of Sciences). Since 2007 Szathmáry has been titulary organist at St. Peter’s in Cologne.
As a performer, Szathmáry’s repertoire encompasses organ music from the 17th century up to the present. A differentiated articulation and ornamentation practice as well as a discreet agogic and fluent tempos show him to be an historically oriented, but a thoroughly individual interpreter in the shaping of details. Open to musical experiment and technical innovations, in particular within the field of new music, he has earned a considerable reputation: In close co-operation with composers like Péter Eötvös, Vinko Globokar, Heinz Holliger, György Ligeti, Wolfgang Rihm, Peter Ruzicka, Dieter Schnebel, and Hans Zender, he has to date performed about 120 premières and enthusiastically advocates avant-garde organ music (amongst others: Luciano Berio, John Cage, Roman Haubenstock-Ramati, Maki Ishii, Mauricio Kagel, György Kurtág, Giacinto Scelsi).
As a composer Szathmáry pursues an undogmatic pluralism in the application of contemporary compositional procedures, putting a special emphasis on making instrumental tone colors unfamiliar through the use of unusual playing techniques as well as live-electronic and electroacoustic means.

</doc>
<doc id="9841750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841750" title="National Democratic Party (Czechoslovakia)">
National Democratic Party (Czechoslovakia)

The Czechoslovak National Democratic Party () was a First Republic right-wing political party in Czechoslovakia. 
History.
The party was established in 1918 by a merger of the Young Czech Party and several smaller parties, and was initially known as the Czech State-Rights Party. It formed the first provisional government led by Karel Kramář, and the following year it was renamed the National Democratic Party.
The 1920 elections saw the party finish sixth with 6% of the vote, whilst the 1925 elections saw its vote share drop to 4% as it finished tenth. The party then began to turn rightwards, and the 1929 resulted in it receiving 5% of the vote.
In 1935 the party merged with the National Fascist Community to form the National Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9841756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841756" title="Al-Ba'aj">
Al-Ba'aj

Ba'aj is a city and district in the western part of the Ninawa Governorate of Iraq

</doc>
<doc id="9841765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841765" title="List of former Jesuit secondary schools in the United States">
List of former Jesuit secondary schools in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="9841792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841792" title="Anastasia Filatova">
Anastasia Filatova

Anastasia Ivanovna Filatova (, 1920 – 21 October 2001) was the Russian wife of the Mongolian leader Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal. Keeping a low profile in the 1950s and the 1960s, Filatova aspired to a political role of her own in her later years. She relied on the authority of her husband to subtly influence the Mongolian political landscape. Her lack of appreciation for Mongolian culture and history, and her interference in the Mongolian politics (she reportedly had a say, for example, in matters of political appointments) caused substantial resentment in the Mongolian ruling elites, and may have played a role in the Soviet decision to oust Tsedenbal from power in 1984. On the other hand, Filatova is also remembered for her involvement in social programs in Mongolia, including the Children's Fund. The Wedding Palace in Ulan Bator was built allegedly on her initiative. Filatova lived in Moscow with Tsedenbal after he fell from power and died there on 21 October 2001, outliving her late husband by 10 years. Tsedenbal and Filatova had two adult children, Vladislav and Zorig.

</doc>
<doc id="9841794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841794" title="1938 German Grand Prix">
1938 German Grand Prix

The 1938 German Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Nürburgring on 24 July 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="9841805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841805" title="Al-Mada'in">
Al-Mada'in

Al-Mada'in ("The Cities") (Arabic: المدائن "Al-Madā'in"; Aramaic: "Māhōzē") was a ancient metropolis which lay between the ancient royal centers of Ctesiphon and Seleucia. It was founded during Sasanian rule, and was a synonym for Ctesiphon by the Arabs, and later by the Muslims.
Foundation and constitution.
According to folklore, al-Mada'in was constructed by the legendary Iranian kings Tahmuras or Hushang, who named it Kardbandad. The city was then later rebuilt by the legendary Iranian king Zab, the Macedonian king Alexander the Great (r. 356-323 BCE) and the Sasanian king Shapur II (r. 309-379 CE). According to another folklore, the names of five (or seven) cities that al-Mada'in comprised were Aspanbur, Veh Ardashir, Hanbu Shapur, Darzanidan, Veh Jondiu-Khosrow, Nawinabad and Kardakadh.
Sasanian period.
According to Perso-Arabic sources, Ctesiphon, the capital of the Sasanian Empire, was greatly enlarged and flourished during their rule, thus turning into a metropolis, which was known by in Arabic as al-Mada'in, and in Aramaic as Mahoze. The oldest inhabited places of al-Mada'in was on it's eastern side, which in Arabic sources is called “the Old City”, where the residence of the Sasanians, known as the White Palace, was located. The southern side of al-Mada'in was known as Aspanbar, which was known by it's prominent halls, riches, games, stables, and baths.
The western side was known as Veh-Ardashir (meaning “the good city of Ardashir” in Middle Persian), known as Mahoza by the Jews, Kokhe by the Christians, and Behrasir by the Arabs. Veh-Ardashir was populated by many wealthy Jews, and the church of the Nestorian patriarch. To the south of Weh-Ardashir was Sabat.
In 540, Khosrau I Anushirvan (r. 531-579) resettled captives from Antioch to the south of Aspanbur, a place which became known as Weh Antiok Khosrau, a Middle Persian name meaning “better than Antioch, Khosrau built this”. It was known by the locals of the place as Rumagan (“town of the Greeks”), while the Arabs knew it as al-Rumiya (also spelled Rumiya).
In 590, a member of the House of Mihran, Bahram Chobin repelled the newly ascended Sasanian ruler Khosrau II from Iraq, and conquered the region. One year later, Khosrau II, with aid from the Byzantine Empire, reconquered his domains. During his reign, some of the great fame of al-Mada'in decreased, due to the popularity of Khosrau's new winter residence, Dastagerd. In 628, a deadly plague hit al-Mada'in and the rest of the western part of the Sasanian Empire, which even killed Khosrau's son and successor, Kavadh II.
In 637, al-Mada'in was briefly under the control of Mihranid usurper Shahrbaraz, but the latter was shortly assassinated by the supporters of Khosrau II's daughter Borandukht. Al-Mada'in then continued to be involved in constant fighting between two factions of the Sasanian Empire, the Pahlav (Parthian) faction under the House of Ispahbudhan and the Parsig (Persian) faction under Piruz Khosrow.
Rashidun and Umayyad period.
In 636, the Muslim Arabs, who had since 633 invaded the territories of the Sasanian Empire, defeated them during a great battle known as the Battle of al-Qādisiyyah. The Arabs then attacked Ctesiphon, and seized some parts of al-Mada'in.
The Muslim military officer Khalid ibn 'Urfuta quickly seized Sabat and made a peace treaty with the inhabitants of Rumiya and Behrasir. The terms of the treaty was that the inhabitants of Rumiya were allowed to leave if they wanted to, but if they did not, they were forced to acknowledge Muslim authority, and also pay tribute ("jizya"). When the Muslim military officer Sa`d ibn Abi Waqqas arrived to al-Mada'in, it was completely desolated, due to flight of the Sasanian royal family, nobles, and troops. However, the Muslims had managed to take some of troops captive, and many riches were seized from the Sasanian treasury and was given to the Muslim troops. In 637 Sa`d made Qa'qa' ibn 'Amr al-Tamimi responsibly for the defense of al-Mada'in, and Shurahbil ibn al-Simt as the governor of al-Mada'in. The Persian companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, Salman the Persian was buried in al-Mada'in in 656/7.
In 661, al-Mada'in was under control of the Umayyad Caliphate, which had put an end to the Rashidun Caliphate. A certain Simak ibn 'Ubayd al-'Absi served as the governor of the metropolis in 663, and another person named Ishaq ibn Mas'ud served as its governor in 685. The Azariqa, a faction of the Kharijites, attacked al-Mada'in in 687/8, and massacred its inhabitants. The city was then governed by Kardam ibn Martad ibn Najaba, and some time later by Yazid ibn Harith al-Shaybani. In 696, the Kharjite leader Shabib ibn Yazid briefly occupied al-Mada'in. In 697, Mutarrif ibn al-Mughira was made the governor of al-Mada'in, and later in 701, Hanzala ibn al-Warrad and Ibn 'Attab ibn Warqa' were appointed as the combined governors of the metropolis. Some time later, the governorship of al-Mada'in was abolished.
Abbasid period.
In 750, the Abbasid family captured al-Mada'in and the rest of Iraq, and declared themselves as the new caliphate. In 754, the Abbasid caliph al-Mansur briefly held his court at Rumiya (which was included in al-Mada'in). He also had his prominent military officer Abu Muslim Khorasani killed at the same place. In 755, the White Palace of al-Mada'in was destroyed under the orders of al-Mansur, who wanted to create a new city, which would later get completed in 762, and would be known as Baghdad, and would become the new capital of the Abbasid Caliphate (although he ordered the White Palace to be restored, it remained in decay). After the foundation of Baghdad, the decline of al-Mada'in became faster, and many of the inhabitants resettled in Baghdad, while the Nestorian patriarch and the exilarch were forced to move to the city. Nevertheless, the patriarch Timothy I founded a hospital at al-Mada'in in 790.
During the Great Abbasid Civil War (809–813) between Caliph al-Amin (r. 809–813), and his brother al-Ma'mun (r. 813–833), al-Mada'in was captured in 812 by al-Ma'mun's general Tahir ibn Husayn, who then marched towards Baghdad. In 817, the people of Baghdad revolted, and proclaimed the Abbasid prince Ibrahim ibn al-Mahdi as their leader. The rebels also managed to capture Baghdad's surrounding regions, which included al-Mada'in. One year later, al-Mada'in was recaptured by al-Ma'mun's Persian officer al-Hasan ibn Sahl, and by the next year, Iraq was once again under the control of al-Ma'mun.
During the Caliphal Civil War (865–866), Abi'l-Saj Devdad, a relative of the Iranian prince Afshin, was put charge in the defense of al-Mada'in in 865. The Abbasid caliph al-Mu'tadid (r. 892-902) further ruined al-Mada'in by using parts of it to create a palace in Baghdad, known as the Taj palace. Al-Muqtafi (r. 902-908) completely destroyed the White Palace in ca. 903 by using many of its parts to complete the construction of the Taj palace. On August 942, a battle occurred at al-Mada'in between a combined Hamdanid-Turkish army and the Baridis, who both fought for the "de facto" rule over Iraq. The battle ended in a Baridi defeat.
Buyid period.
In 945, the Iranian Buyid prince Ahmad ibn Buya seized al-Mada'in including the rest of Iraq, and made the Caliph his vassal. In 973, the Turkish rebel Sabuktakin seized al-Mada'in and much of Iraq from Mu'izz al-Dawla's son and successor Izz al-Dawla, however in 974 al-Mada'in was once again under Buyid control, and by 975 the rebels were defeated. However, one year later, after the death of the Buyid supreme leader Rukn al-Dawla, a civil war ensured between Izz al-Dawla and his cousin, 'Adud al-Dawla, who ruled Fars, Oman, and Kerman. 'Adud al-Dawla eventually managed to emerge victorious, and conquer all of Iraq.
After the death of 'Adud al-Dawla in 983, he was succeeded by his son Samsam al-Dawla, who, however, met resistance by his brother Sharaf al-Dawla, who conquered Fars and Kerman. In 987, Sharaf al-Dawla captured al-Mada'in and then conquered the rest of Iraq. Between 999-1002, the Asadis and the Uqaylids made several incursions into Iraq, and even captured al-Mada'in. In 1002, they defended al-Mada'in from a counter-attack by Sharaf al-Dawla's brother and successor, Baha' al-Dawla (r. 988–1012). A battle shortly ensured at Hillah between a combined Asadis-Uqaylids army and a Buyid army under Abu Ja'far al-Hajjaj, who had received reinforcements by Bedouins and the Kurdish Annazids. The battle ended in a Buyid victory, and resulted in the reconquest of al-Mada'in and the rest of Iraq.
Seljuq period and Abbasid insurgency.
In 1055, the ruler of the Turkic Seljuq Empire, Tughril, invaded Iraq and made the Buyid ruler of the region, Al-Malik al-Rahim, his vassal. In 1199, the Jews of al-Mada'in complained about the construction of a mosque that was close to their synagogue. They then openly revolted, and attacked the leader of the mosque and his supporters, with ended in a Muslim defeat. The Muslims then complained to al-Nasir's secretary and requested for aid. Al-Nasir agreed to help, and had the synagogue destroyed.
Safavid and Ottoman period.
The tomb of Salman the Persian was restored during the reign of the Ottoman Sultan Murad IV (r. 1623-40) and was further restored in 1904-1905.
Population and religion.
During the Sasanian period, population of al-Mada'in was heavily mixed, it included Arameans, Persians, Greeks, and Assyrians. Several religions were also practiced in the metropolis, which included Christianity, Judaism, and Zoroastrianism. The population also included Manicheans, who continued to be mentioned in al-Mada'in during Umayyad rule. Much of the population fled from al-Mada'in after the Arab capture of the metropolis. However, a portion of Persians remained there, and some important figures of these people are known to have provided Ali with presents, which he, however, refused to take. After the Battle of Siffin, the Persian population of al-Mada'in disappeared.
During the early Islamic period, the population of al-Mada'in consisted of tribal Arab leaders from Kufa, leaders of the Banu Azd, and figures of prominent Muslim families, who were, unlike the rest of population, not tribal. A companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, Hudhayfah ibn al-Yaman was one of these Arab leaders from Kufa, and is known to have had a Christian or Jewish woman from al-Mada'in as his wife, who, he, however, was forced by the Rashidun Caliph Umar to divorce because of the population of marriageable Muslim women in the metropolis was enough to marry.
However, during this period much of the population of al-Mada'in resettled in the cities of Basra and Kufa, Wasit, and Baghdad. But at the same time people also moved to the metropolis from Kufa, Basra, and other places. Prominent figures such as Hilal ibn Khabab (who was from Kufa) and Nasr ibn Hajib al-Qurashi (who was from Khorasan) also moved to al-Mada'in. A very small minority of Zoroastrians also seems to have lived in the metropolis, such as the father of the Khurramite Babak Khorramdin, who had resettled in Azerbaijan and married a local woman, who bore him Babak. During the 13th century, the majority of al-Mada'in's population was Twelver Shia Muslim farmers.
Archeology.
Al-Mada'in has received considerable interest from archaeologists since the 18th century; the most famous landmark there is the Taq-i Kisra.
Excavation sites and ancient suburbs include:
The site partially overlaps with the modern town of Salman Pak.

</doc>
<doc id="9841813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841813" title="Chuck Fenda">
Chuck Fenda

Leshorn Whitehead (born June 15, 1972), better known by his stage name Chuck Fenda, is an Jamaican American reggae musician and deejay born in Brooklyn, New York. Raised in Jamaica, Fenda is also known as "The Living Fire", "Poor People Defender" and "Chuck Fender". He has toured in both the United States and Jamaica. His songs include "I Swear", "Poor People Cry" and "Better Days", all of which are from his album "Better Days". His song "All About da Weed" was featured in the soundtrack for the video game "Grand Theft Auto IV".
His Lloyd "John John "James, Jr.-produced fifth album "Jah Element" was released September 10, 2013 on John John Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9841898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841898" title="Victor Secombe">
Victor Secombe

Lieutenant General Victor Clarence Secombe CB, CBE (9 January 1897 – 3 February 1962) was a general officer of the Australian army. He served in the First and the Second World Wars.
Born in Glen Wills near Omeo, Victoria, Secombe graduated from the Royal Military College, Duntroon, in late 1917 and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Australian Imperial Force. He served with engineering units of the 5th Division during the last months of the First World War. Remaining in the military for the interwar period, he held a number of engineering postings in and later taught at Duntroon. During the early years of the Second World War, he served with the 7th Australian Division during the early stages of the North African Campaign before taking up engineering commands in the South West Pacific Area. After the war he served as Master-General of Ordnance and commanded Northern and Eastern Commands. He retired from the military in 1954 and took up cattle farming. He died in 1962 at the age of 65.
Early life.
Victor Clarence Secombe was born on 9 January 1897 at Glen Wills near Omeo, Victoria, to a miner and his wife. Educated initially at Swifts Creek State School, he later attended a boarding school at Ballarat. In 1915 he entered the Royal Military College at Duntroon. He graduated in late 1917.
Military career.
Secombe was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Australian Imperial Force in January 1918, and was posted to 15th Field Company, Engineers, on the Western Front. He became adjutant of the 5th Division engineers in January 1919. After attending an engineering course in England he returned to Australia at the end of 1919, and for the next several years held a number of staff positions with Royal Australian Engineer (RAE) units working on coastal defences. From 1922 to 1923, he attended Melbourne University, where he studied civil engineering. By 1936, he had been promoted to major and at the end of the year, joined the teaching staff at Duntroon.
Promoted to temporary lieutenant colonel shortly after the outbreak of the Second World War, he took up command of the engineering elements of 7th Australian Division in 1940. In May 1941, he was promoted to full colonel and became the assistant divisional adjutant and quartermaster-general for the Syria-Lebanon campaign. He was made a Commander of the British Empire and mentioned in dispatches for his work during this time.
In late 1941, Secombe transferred to I Corps headquarters as deputy-director, supply and transport. His new corps soon moved to the South West Pacific Area, and he was based firstly in Java and then in Australia. He was responsible for construction and lines of communication in New Guinea during the campaign there against the Japanese Empire. He held a succession of administrative posts for the remainder of the war. He was mentioned in dispatches in 1943 and again after the war, in 1947. Following the Japanese surrender he was appointed the deputy quartermaster-general for the Army, and in 1946 became the Engineer-in-Chief of the General Staff.
Promoted to major general in early 1949, he was Master-General of Ordnance for nearly two years until he was appointed commander of Northern Command, based in Brisbane. His period in charge lasted for 12 months before he took over Eastern Command, based in Sydney. He later returned to Northern Command. He retired from the army on 4 April 1954 as an honorary lieutenant general.
Later life.
In 1955, Secombe was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath. The same year, he was made colonel commandant of the RAE. In his retirement, he took up cattle farming on a 10,000 acre (4047 ha) property near Gatton, in Queensland. He later purchased an orchard at Kenmore. He died of cancer on 3 February 1962 in the Mater Misericordiae Hospital, South Brisbane, and was buried in Toowong Cemetery. He was survived by his wife, who he married in 1929, and two children. A son, also a graduate of Duntroon, predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="9841946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841946" title="Alberta Debate And Speech Association">
Alberta Debate And Speech Association

The Alberta Debate And Speech Association (ADSA) is the association in charge of competitive debate at the junior high and high school levels in Alberta.
History.
The ADSA was formed in 1974 to promote and organise debate events in the province of Alberta.
Purpose.
The association is responsible for administrating debate in Alberta. In practice, this includes such things as: organising tournaments, regional and provincial tournaments, and other events, including law day. Also, the ADSA is responsible for organising the Alberta entrants for the Canadian national debate tournament.
Language.
For the most part, ADSA tournaments are conducted in English. However, regional, provincial and national competition can be done either in the English or bilingual (English and French) categories.

</doc>
<doc id="9841948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841948" title="Barringer Medal">
Barringer Medal

The Barringer Medal recognizes outstanding work in the field of impact cratering and/or work that has led to a better understanding of impact phenomena. [http://www.meteoriticalsociety.org/simple_template.cfm?code=home_awards] The Barringer Medal and Award were established to honor the memory of D. Moreau Barringer Sr. and his son D. Moreau Barringer Jr. and are sponsored by the Barringer Crater Company. The medal is awarded by the Meteoritical Society. The senior Barringer was the first to seriously propose an impact origin for the crater that now bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="9841966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841966" title="David Leray">
David Leray

David Leray (born 2 March 1984 in Saint-Père-en-Retz is a French footballer, who currently plays for SO Cholet.
The defender played previously for St Pierre de Retz Sporting, L'Eclair De Chauve on youthside and professionally for FC Nantes, Tours, Angers SCO and ASR Machecoul.

</doc>
<doc id="9841970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841970" title="Birdholme">
Birdholme

Birdholme is a suburb of the town of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England. To its south is Wingerworth, to its north is the town centre, to its west is Boythorpe, and to its east Hasland. The large St. Augustines council estate makes up much of its area, though there are a few wealthier areas such as Langer Lane (pictured). The Bryan Donkin factory and Chesterfield Tube works used to dominate the landscape of the area, both have now closed being replaced by new housing, Alma Leisure Park, B&Q and Toys R Us.
The main Derby Road runs out of Chesterfield through Birdholme towards Clay Cross and eventually the city of Derby, which is around thirty minutes away by car. 
Schools.
Birdholme has two schools, Birdholme Infant School and Spire Junior School (formerly known as Rother Junior School). Both schools are located on the main Derby Road.
Shopping.
Birdholme has a small shopping area clustered on Derby Road towards the bottom end of Bacons Lane. There are fewer shops now than there were in the 1990s. The former Angel Inn was converted to a Tesco store.
Entertainment.
Birdholme has two pubs and a social club. Birdholme Working Mens Club is located on Rothervale Road, The Walton pub on St. Augustine's Road and The Hobby Horse on the Alma Leisure Park on Derby Road. The Furnace Inn on Derby Road was closed down in the early 2000s and re-opened successfully as a Chinese restaurant called Chef due Canton. Chesterfield's only bowling alley is situated on Storforth Lane which is the main road heading out to Hasland.

</doc>
<doc id="9841996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9841996" title="Cholula (Mesoamerican site)">
Cholula (Mesoamerican site)

Cholula (), was an important city of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica, dating back to at least the 2nd century BC, with settlement as a village going back at least some thousand years earlier. The great site of Cholula stands just west of the modern city of Puebla and served as a trading outpost. Its immense pyramid is the largest such structure in the Americas, and the largest pyramid structure by volume in the world.
Location and environment.
It is located in the Puebla-Tlaxcala Valley of the central Mexican highlands. It is surrounded to the west by the snow-covered peaks Popocatepetl and Iztaccihuatl, and Malinche to the north. The summer rainy season and the melted snow in winter provide a great environment for irrigation agriculture. There is also a confluence of several perennial streams with the Atoyac River that creates a wetland to the north and east of the urban center. This has resulted in abundant and excellent agriculture during the colonial period, which lead to Cholula being known as the richest agricultural region in central Mexico. Maize is the major crop cultivated but they also harvested maguey, chiles, and cochineal for dye. The soil is rich in clay, which made pottery and brick-making an important part of their economy. Textiles and elaborate decorative capes were also popular.
Economy.
Cholula’s strategical location in the center of the Mexican highlands gives it a prime place as a trade outpost. Here, trade routes connected the Gulf coast, the Valley of Mexico, Tehuacan Valley, and the Mixteca Baja through Izucar de Matamoros. Because of its location, Cholula served as the link center were primary trade routes and alliance corridors linked PostClassic groups of Tolteca-Chichimeca kingdoms with southern Mesoamerica.
Textile production.
Textiles were of extreme importance for Cholula’s economy. During the Postclassic period they were a common unit of tribute and exchange. Textiles were manufactured for local consumption and traded extensively by different merchants that frequented the city. Textile production accounts are provided by ethnohistorical and archaeological sources. Spanish writings from Colonial times have noted their excellence in dying techniques and ability to dye wool threads in diverse colors to produce a variety of textiles. Some of the materials they used were cotton, which was probably imported from the Gulf Coast or Southern Puebla, and maguey, feathers, rabbit fur, tree silk, milkweed, and human hair that were all locally found. Artifacts such as spindle whorls found at different Cholula site loci provide evidence for the extensive production of textiles in the site. These are rare from the Formative and the Classic periods but become more prevalent in the Postclassic. Only unbaked-clay whorls may have been used during the earlier periods but these are not preserved in the archaeological record. The high concentration of spindle whorls recovered from Cholula in comparison to other Mesoamerican sites attests to the important role they played in their economy.
History.
Cholula grew from a small village to a regional center between AD 600 and 700. During this period, Cholula was a major center contemporaneous with Teotihuacan and seems to have avoided, at least partially, that city's fate of violent destruction at the end of the Mesoamerican Classic period.
The earliest occupation dates back to the Early Formative period. In the 1970s, Mountjoy discovered a waterlogged deposit dating to the Late Middle Formative period near the ancient lake shore. The earliest construction evidence at Cholula dates to the Late Formative period. Initial stages of the Great Pyramid probably date to the Terminal Formative Period and show stylistic resemblance to early Teotihuacan. Estimates suggest that during the Formative period the site extended for about 2 square kilometers, with a population of five to ten thousand.
The Classical period is known for the construction of the Great Pyramid. At least stages 3 and 10 were built during this period and many other mounds of the urban zone, like the Cerro Cocoyo, Edificio Rojo, San Miguelito and the Cerro Guadalupe, were also constructed at this point in time. The central ceremonial precinct included the Great Pyramid, a big plaza to the west, and the Cerro Cocoyo as the west most pyramid of the plaza group. Classical period Cholula most likely covered around 5 square kilometers, and had an estimated population of fifteen to twenty thousand individuals.
During the Early Postclassic there might have been an ethnic change, suggested by the influx of Gulf Coast motifs and by the burial at the pyramid of an individual with Maya-style cranial deformation and inlaid teeth.
Cholula reached its maximum size and population during the Postclassic period. It covered 10 square kilometers and had a population of thirty to fifty thousand. During this period, ethnic changes divide the historical sequence into two phases: the Tlachihualtepetl and Cholollan phases. The Tlachihualtepetl phase (AD 700–1200) is named after the city of the Great Pyramid as it was recorded in the "Historia Tolteca-Chichimeca" ethnohistoric source. During this phase according to the ethnohistoric accounts, Cholula was taken over by the Gulf Coast group known as the Olmec-Xicallanca, who made it their capital. From there, they controlled the high plateau of Puebla and Tlaxcala. Under this group, the potters of Cholula began to develop the fine polychrome wares that were to become the most popular vessels in all of ancient Mexico.
In AD 1200, ethnic Tolteca-Chichimeca conquered Cholula. At this point, the Patio of the Altars was destroyed and the ceremonial center (with the “new” Pyramid of Quetzacoalt) was moved to the present "zócalo" (main plaza) of Cholula. Polycrome potery from this phase used distinctive design configurations but was derived from the earlier styles. The “laca” pottery also dates to this period.
During this entire period, Cholula remained a regional center of importance, enough so that, at the time of the fall of the Aztec empire, Aztec princes were still formally anointed by a Cholulan priest.
At the time of the arrival of Hernán Cortés, Cholula was second only to the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan (modern Mexico City) as the largest city in central Mexico, possibly with a population of up to 100,000 people. In addition to the great temple of Quetzalcoatl and various palaces, the city had 365 temples.
In 1519, Cortés, either in a premeditated effort to instil fear in the Aztecs of Tenochtitlan or, as he later claimed, to make an example of the Cholulans for planning to massacre him and his soldiers when they left the city, When the warriors and nobles gathered, Cortés had them massacred at the central plaza and partially burned the city.
A few years later, Cortés vowed that the city would be rebuilt with a Christian church to replace each of the old pagan temples; less than 50 new churches were actually built, but the Spanish colonial churches are unusually numerous for a city of its size. There is a common saying in Cholula that there is a church for every day of the year.
Cholula was significant during the Spanish Colonial period because it remained one of the nearby provinces that remained unconquered by the Aztecs. They were instrumental in helping the Spanish to conquer the Aztecs.
During the Spanish colonial period, Cholula was overtaken in importance by the nearby city of Puebla.
Great Pyramid of Cholula.
The Great Pyramid of Cholula, Tlachihualtepetl, is the largest prehispanic structure in the world in terms of volume. It is the result of four successive superpositions, the first two that are from the Classic period. Stage one measured about 120 meters on the side and was 17 meters high. The top platform measured about 43 meters square and featured wall remains of the temple precinct.
The earliest pyramid exhibits the talud-talbero motif style and is painted with insects resembling a Teotihuacan style. When the pyramid was originally built in the 300 BC, there were insects painted in black, red, and yellow on it. The second pyramid, which was built over the first one, no longer resembles Teotihuacan architectural style. Instead it is a pyramid with stairs covering all four sides, so the top could be approached from every direction. It measures 590 ft (180 m) on a side. The exposed slopes of the pyramid are earth and adobe fill and represent the last construction phase between AD 750 and 950. During the Early Postclassic period, the pyramid was expanded to its final form. It covered 16 hectares (400 meters on the side) and reached a height of 66 meters. The orientation of the Great pyramid, and the whole site’s urban grid, is about 26 degrees north of west, a deviation from Teotihuacan’s orientation. This orientation is aligned with the summer solstice, and it may relate to the worshiping of a solar deity related to the Mixtec 7 Flower, or Aztec Tonacatecuhtli.
Today Cholula is still one of the most important pilgrimage destinations in Mexico. Around 350,000 people attend the annual festival centered at the top of the Great Pyramid. The Great Pyramid of Cholula is still used because the Spanish built a church atop it, a symbol of the religious conquest of Mexico. That makes it not just the largest pyramid in the world but also the oldest continuously occupied building in North America. In the 20th century, the temple was tunneled by archaeologists. Four major and nine minor construction stages were revealed. These tunnels remain open to visitors and are stable because of the adobe bricks that were used to build the pyramid.
Art.
The origins of the Mixteca-Puebla stylistic tradition appeared and reflected the Gulf Coast influences. Polychrome pottery was already common by AD 1000, and also resembles Gulf Coast styles.
The mural known as "The Drunkards" is a 165 ft (50 m) long polychrome mural with life size human figures. The scene represented is one of drinking and inebriation but the liquid being ingested could have been derived from hallucinogenic mushrooms of ancient Mexico or peyote, rather than alcohol.
Figurines.
Figurines in Cholula are prominent. On an excavation located at the southwestern extreme of the Universidad de las Américas in Cholula one of the features was a 3.68-m-deep Prehispanic water well that kept Postclassic ceramics and figurines, which accounted for most of the artifacts found. There were 110 figurines and no molds were found; although some molds have been found by other archaeologists in the area. Together with the figurines was a large amount of re-constructable broken figurines and others that were over fired or even blackened and burned. Also, the presence of scoria, pigments, polishing tools, balls of prepared clay, and vitrified abode blocks suggest that theses materials may have been waste products from a workshop in the neighborhood.
The figurines usually represent deities like in many other Mesoamerican sites, but their shape is unique. They are façades of about 19 cm high. The front of the figurines are a fairly complex face and headdress set upon a plain trapezoidal pedestal. The back is very roughly finished and has a loop handle that has been seen to be either horizontal, vertical or diagonal to the face, although horizontal handles are the most common ones. Some of them are plain but others have traces of a thin coat of stucco painted in yellow, red, back, brown, green, and pink.
In Cholula figurines mostly represent the god Tlaloc. There have been at least six molds found that were used to produce Tlaloc figurines in the collection from the campus of the Universidad de las Américas and each one exhibits differences in size, proportion, and the detailed elements of its portrait.

</doc>
<doc id="9842007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842007" title="Natasha Marsh">
Natasha Marsh

Natasha Jane Marsh (born 1975) is a Welsh operatic soprano. A highly regarded performer in both opera and oratorio, her debut album, "Amour", topped the classical album charts in 2007. She has toured with artists such as G4, Russell Watson, Il Divo and Paul Potts. Her love of football was confirmed when she sang at the 2008 League Cup Final and she has recorded Mozart's "Queen of the Night" aria for ITV's coverage of Euro 2008.
Personal life and early career.
Marsh was born in Brecon, Wales, but moved to Blackborough, near Cullompton, Devon aged eighteen months. Aged 17, she began studying with the renowned singing teacher April Cantelo, with whom she still has lessons. Marsh graduated with a First-class Honours degree from Birmingham University and was awarded the Barber Scholarship to study Opera at the Royal College of Music. In 1999 she won the MOCSA (Morriston Orpheus Choir Supporters' Association) Young Welsh Singer of the Year, whose previous winners have included Bryn Terfel and Anthony Stuart Lloyd.
Operatic debut and professional career.
Marsh made her debut with Grange Park Opera in "Fortunio" by Messager and sang the roles of the Governess in Britten's "The Turn of the Screw" and Donna Elvira on Mozart's "Don Giovanni". She also created the title role in Michael Berkeley's opera "Jane Eyre" for Music Theatre Wales.
She has appeared in Opera Holland Park's "La Boheme", sung Micaela in "Carmen" at the Royal Albert Hall and the First Lady in "The Magic Flute" with Glyndebourne Touring Opera. She also sang Ilia in "Idomeneo" for Opera North and the following year sang Pamina for Opera Zuid. She performed in Giordano's "Fedora" at Opera Holland Park.
Natasha's festival appearances include the Birmingham Early Music Festival, the London Handel Festival, the Beaumarais Festival and at the Teatro Calderón in Spain. Her oratorio work includes Tippett's "A Child of our Time", "Messiah" at the Arlosen Festival, Mozart's "Requiem" with the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra and "Silete Venti" with the London Handel Festival Orchestra at Windsor Castle. Natasha has performed with Harry Christophers and The Sixteen and made her BBC Proms debut in Handel's "Samson". She also performs regularly at Raymond Gubbay's "Classical Spectacular" events at the Royal Albert Hall.
She toured with G4 in December 2006, and "realised one of her dreams" by singing Silent Night with José Carreras on the Royal Albert Hall stage. She toured with Russell Watson in March 2007 and also embarked on a European summer tour with Il Divo. In April, Marsh took part in the first Classic FM web-cast concert alongside Alfie Boe and in May made an appearance at the Classical Brit Awards 2007 ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall.
Marsh is currently on a Scandinavian tour supporting tenor Paul Potts, 2007 winner of ITV's "Britain's Got Talent".
In June 2008, Marsh sang at the House of Commons a song entitled 'I won't light a candle', a specially arranged vocal-arrangement of the theme to Schindler's List to commemorate the 79th anniversary of the birth of Anne Frank.
Marsh and football.
Marsh has also performed at sporting events; at the 2008 Football League Cup Final, she sang the British national anthem before the match. She has recorded "Der Hölle Rache" (the "Queen of the Night" aria) from Mozart's "The Magic Flute" for use as ITV's theme music for UEFA Euro 2008. "I was delighted to do it", she said. "I love the passion, beauty and power that football and music share." Marsh said of the arrangement: I've sung Pamina in opera houses all round Europe, but I'm not a Queen of the Night, with those stratospheric top Fs. So I told ITV we'd have to do an adaptation, because it's not my role. We changed the key, obviously, then they found an arranger to add a different take on it. It's a little bit more brass-heavy than Mozart's original and the orchestration is different. It gives it a more epic quality.
Discography.
"Amour".
Natasha Marsh signed an exclusive recording contract with EMI Classics in September 2006 and her debut album "Amour" was released on 19 February 2007. It entered the UK Classical Artist Chart at No.1. Her album has been criticized by opera critics, who were hoping for an album of operatic arias, rather than the "typical specimen of the crossover genre". The album contains some of Marsh's favourite songs and arias, mixing pop tunes, with classical arrangements and some lesser-known arias. Marsh was signed by EMI Classics as a crossover artist, Marsh citing the need to pick music that is "accessible to everybody across a broad spectrum. The challenge has been to find repertoire that isn't too clichéd." "Amour" was nominated for the Best Album award in the 2008 Classical BRIT awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9842021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842021" title="Hosjö, Falun">
Hosjö, Falun

Hosjö () is a suburb and parish in Falun, Sweden. Hosjö forms the most eastern part of the city and consists mostly of houses, with some apartments.
In Hosjö, there is a grocery store, news agency, school, preschools, petrol station, pizzeria, some sporting facilities and industries (2005). The parish has previously broken away from the old "Vika Parish" and houses roughly 3000 residents (2005). Hosjö Church (previously, "Hosjö Chapel") is a Falu red, wooden church that was completed in 1663, thanks to voluntary work and donations from residents in Hosjö. Hosjö is primarily a place where people live, so travel to other Falu suburbs and central Falun is common. The suburb is positioned between two lakes, Hosjön and Runn, and can also be subdivided into different areas, such as Hosjöstrand, Backberget, Central Hosjö, Uddnas, Karlslund, Skutudden, and Hosjöholmen.
School.
Hosjö School () is a municipal lower and middle elementary school (grades 1-6). The youth of the suburb attend the upper elementary school (grades 7-9) at Hälsinggården School (Swedish: "Hälsinggårdsskolan") in Hälsinggården.
Etymology.
"Ho", in the name "Hosjö", is Swedish for "sink" or "trough". The word "sjö" simply means "lake" in Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="9842028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842028" title="Pennsylvania Impressionism">
Pennsylvania Impressionism

Pennsylvania Impressionism refers to an American Impressionist movement from the first half of the 20th century that was centered in and around Bucks County, Pennsylvania, particularly the area around the town of New Hope. The movement is sometimes referred to as the "New Hope School" or the "Pennsylvania School" of landscape painting.
The movement.
Artists in the Pennsylvania Impressionism movement include but are not limited to: John Fulton Folinsbee, Walter Emerson Baum, George Sotter, Nate Dunn, Fern Coppedge, Edward Redfield, Daniel Garber, Roy Cleveland Nuse, and Walter E. Schofield. Similar to the French impressionist movement, this style of art is characterized by an interest in the quality of color, light, and the time of day. This group of artists usually painted en plein air, or out of doors, to capture the moment. According to James A. Michener Art Museum’s Senior Curator Brian Peterson, “what most characterized Pennsylvania impressionism was not a single, unified style but rather the emergence of many mature, distinctive voices: Daniel Garber's luminous, poetic renditions of the Delaware River; Fern Coppedge's colorful village scenes; Robert Spencer's lyrical views of mills and tenements; John Folinsbee's moody, expressionistic snowscapes; and William L. Lathrop's deeply felt, evocative Bucks County vistas.
Art historian Thomas C. Folk defines the movement as the "Late Pennsylvania School", those artists that "came to prominence in Bucks County after 1915 or after the Armory Show and the Panama-Pacific International Exposition." According to Folk, the three most notable artists in this group were John Fulton Folinsbee, Walter Emerson Baum and George Sotter. 
One of the artists, Walter Emerson Baum, worked as a teacher and educator and through his founding of the Baum School of Art and the Allentown Art Museum, would serve to expand the influence of the movement out of Bucks County and into Lehigh County, specifically Allentown and the Lehigh Valley, where the movement continued to flourish into the 1940s and 1950s. Today, this group of artists is collectively known as the Baum Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="9842048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842048" title="Gail Parent">
Gail Parent

Gail Parent (born August 12, 1940) is an American television and screenwriter, television producer, and author.
Life and career.
Parent was born Gail Kostner in New York City, New York, the daughter of Ruth (née Goldberg) and Theodore Kostner, a Wall Street executive. Parent's writing career began in the 1960's where she teamed up with writer Kenny Solms. Her big break came when she began writing for the Carol Burnett Show. She later went on to write for other TV shows including a 1971 episode of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show". The following year her novel "Sheila Levine is Dead and Living in New York", which chronicled its unattractive, overweight, Jewish heroine's romantic misadventures in Manhattan, became a best-seller that later served as the basis of a film starring Jeannie Berlin. Although the screenplay was adapted by someone else, she penned the scripts for Barbra Streisand's "The Main Event" (1979) and "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" (2004).
Parent co-wrote the book for the 1974 musical "Lorelei". It is her sole Broadway credit.
Parent's greatest success has been in television, most notably with "The Golden Girls" and Tracey Ullman's comedy sketch series "Tracey Takes On...", serving as a producer and writer for both. She also wrote episodes of "The Smothers Brothers Show", "The Carol Burnett Show", "Rhoda", Steven Spielberg's "Amazing Stories", "Babes" (of which she also served as series creator) and "Finder of Lost Loves", and the musical variety special "Sills and Burnett at the Met". With Kenny Solms, she created the 1970 situation comedy "The Tim Conway Show". 
Parent is the winner of a CableACE Award and two Emmys, and has been nominated for an additional twelve Emmys and two Writers Guild of America Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9842121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842121" title="Electric heating pouch">
Electric heating pouch

According to the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office, electric heating pouches are medical apparatus, namely, electric heating devices for curative treatment.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classifies the heating pouch as a class II medical device.
Heating pouches are sometimes mislabeled as "heating pads". Heating pads are, by definition, flat, whereas heating pouches are contoured or curved.
In order to achieve the geometric design, three uniquely made heating pads are placed within a PVC pouch to form a scoop-like shape.
Heating pouches are made specially for human body joints; specifically the shoulder, elbow, hip, knee, ankle, and wrist or hand. The curvature of the pouch enables the user to completely cover these joints, whereas flat heating pads cannot conform to the curved joints.

</doc>
<doc id="9842135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842135" title="Pascal Pédemonte">
Pascal Pédemonte

Pascal Pédemonte (born 27 January 1980 in Lyon) is a French football (soccer) defender. Currently, he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for AS Lyon Duchère.

</doc>
<doc id="9842170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842170" title="Atacama Giant">
Atacama Giant

The Atacama Giant () is a large anthropomorphic geoglyph in the Atacama Desert, Chile. 
Located at "Cerro Unitas", this is the largest prehistoric anthropomorphic figure in the world with a height of and represents a deity for the local inhabitants from AD 1000 to 1400.
The figure was an early astronomical calendar for knowing where the moon would set; by knowing this the day, crop cycle, and season could be determined. The points on the top and side of the head would say what season it would be depending on their alignment with the moon, which was very important in determining when the rainy season would come in the barren Atacama.
Geoglyphs of Chile.
The Atacama Giant is one out of nearly 5,000 geoglyphs - ancient artwork that are drawn into the landscape - that have been discovered in the Atacama in the last three decades. Although geoglyphs have always been the subject of wild conjectures and bizarre theories, it is now widely believed that they are the work of several successive cultures that dwelt in this region of South America, including the Tiwanaku and Inca. 

</doc>
<doc id="9842209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842209" title="United States records in track and field">
United States records in track and field

The following are the national records in track & field in the United States maintained by USA Track & Field (USATF). Outdoor times for track races between 200 meters to 10,000 meters are set on 400-meter unbanked tracks. Indoor marks are established on 200-meter tracks, banked or unbanked. Indoor tracks longer than 200 meters are considered "over-sized" and times are not accepted for record purposes. Indoor sprint races (50 to 60 meters) are held on level straight-aways.
Outdoor.
Key:
Indoor.
Women.
+ = en route to a longer distance
<br>
A = affected by altitude
<br>
<br>
x = mark was made in a mixed race
<br>
X = annulled due to doping violation
<br>
a = aided road course according to IAAF rule 260.28
<br>
ht = hand timing
<br>
OT = oversized track (> 200m in circumference)

</doc>
<doc id="9842226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842226" title="Murder by the Book">
Murder by the Book

Murder by the Book is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout published in 1951 by the Viking Press, and collected in the omnibus volume "Royal Flush" (1965).
Plot summary.
On a cold January night, Inspector Cramer takes the unprecedented step of approaching Nero Wolfe for his help on a stalled murder investigation. Leonard Dykes, a clerk for a small law partnership, has been bludgeoned and drowned in the East River, with no leads other than a list of names in his pocket. Wolfe is unable to help, but by chance a month later Wolfe is approached by John Wellman, a Peoria businessman, to investigate the death of his daughter Joan. Joan, a reader for a small fiction publisher, was killed in a hit-and-run incident in Van Cortlandt Park, and Wellman, convinced his daughter was murdered, is dissatisfied with the investigation. After reading a recent letter that Joan had written to her parents, Wolfe is struck by the appearance of the name ‘Baird Archer’, an author whose novel Joan was reading for her employer; the same name had appeared on the list found in Leonard Dykes’ pocket. This convinces Wolfe that Joan Wellman was also murdered, and he agrees to take the case.
Wolfe orders Archie Goodwin to explore the link between Archer’s novel and the two murder victims. While investigating potential typing agencies that Archer may have used to transcribe his novel, Archie arrives at the office of Rachel Abrams, a stenographer, mere minutes after she has been thrown out of a window to her death. Confirming a hunch, in the moments before the police arrive Archie confirms that Baird Archer was one of her clients. With little else to go on, Wolfe begins to focus on Leonard Dykes, the first victim, and in order to find out more about him Archie arranges a gathering at Wolfe’s office with the female employees of Corrigan, Phelps, Kustin and Briggs, the law partnership Dykes worked for.
After Archie produces John Wellman and Rachel Abrams's mother, who plead with the women to help identify the murderer, pent-up tensions between the women boil over, and during the resulting argument the name of Conroy O’Malley comes up. O’Malley, the former senior partner of the firm, was disbarred after bribing a jury foreman to fix a case. While Dykes was blamed for exposing him to the Bar Association, it quickly becomes apparent that all four of the firm’s partners—James Corrigan, Emmet Phelps, Louis Kustin and Frederick Briggs—have motive to have betrayed O’Malley. Soon after, the five lawyers—whose reputations have been damaged by recent events—approach Wolfe, keen to avoid further scandal. The men agree to send Wolfe all correspondence relating to Dykes, including a resignation letter he submitted.
When Wolfe and Archie receive the letter, they are intrigued by an odd notation -- ‘Ps146-3’—that has been scribbled on it in pencil. They discover that the notation corresponds to the third verse of Psalm 146 of the Book of Psalms -- “Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help”. As Baird Archer’s novel was titled "Put Not Your Trust", this confirms Wolfe’s theory that ‘Baird Archer’ was a nom de plume used by Leonard Dykes. Archie learns from Blanche Duke, one of the female employees, that the handwriting of the notation matches that of James Corrigan.
When Wolfe learns that Dykes had a sister, Peggy Potter, who lives in California, Archie is dispatched to Los Angeles to persuade Peggy to help them trap her brother’s murderer. Archie writes a letter to the law firm of Corrigan, Phelps, Kustin and Briggs purportedly from Peggy asking for advice over the legal rights of her brother’s novel, and hires a local private detective to pose as ‘Walter Finch’, a literary agent interested in acquiring her brother’s novel and selling it to a movie studio. Soon after, James Corrigan contacts Peggy, announcing that he is flying out to Los Angeles. Corrigan meets 'Finch' in a hotel room, unaware that Archie is present, and desperately insists on seeing Dykes’ manuscript, unsuccessfully resorting to violence when ‘Finch’ refuses. Archie remains in the hotel room while Corrigan and ‘Finch’ return to Peggy’s home for Corrigan to continue his negotiations—and so is present in the room when Corrigan later breaks in, trying to find the manuscript. Corrigan flees back to New York, closely tailed by Archie.
The night after their return, Wolfe receives a rambling phone call apparently from James Corrigan, which is abruptly ended with the sound of a gunshot. After calling the police, Archie is dispatched to Corrigan’s apartment where Corrigan has apparently committed suicide. The next day, Wolfe receives an unsigned letter purporting to be written by Corrigan in which he confesses to the murders. The letter claims that Corrigan was the one who exposed O'Malley and murdered Dykes after discovering Dykes’s manuscript, which exposed the truth of the affair as a Roman a clef. The letter also confesses to the murders of Joan Wellman and Rachel Abrams, claiming that Corrigan murdered them to conceal his secret.
Although the authorities are willing to rule Corrigan the murderer and his death a suicide, Wolfe summons the major players to his office, where he reveals that Corrigan’s supposed suicide note was flawed in one crucial respect; it claimed that Corrigan was aware of the contents of Dykes’ novel, when in fact Corrigan’s actions in Los Angeles clearly demonstrated that he had never seen the manuscript before. In fact, the suicide was staged and the letter forged by Conroy O’Malley, who also intercepted Leonard Dykes’s resignation letter before it was sent to Wolfe and wrote the notation in Corrigan’s hand to implicate him. Wolfe reveals that although Corrigan actually was responsible for O’Malley’s disbarment, it was in fact O’Malley who discovered Dykes’ manuscript, through which he learnt of Corrigan’s betrayal. O’Malley preemptively murdered the other victims both to frame Corrigan and to prevent them from exposing his reasons for murder, and then murdered Corrigan and staged his death to look like suicide. After Saul Panzer exposes holes in O’Malley’s alibi, O’Malley is charged and convicted of murder.
Adaptations.
"Nero Wolfe" (Paramount Television).
"Murder by the Book" was adapted as the eighth episode of "Nero Wolfe" (1981), an NBC TV series starring William Conrad as Nero Wolfe and Lee Horsley as Archie Goodwin. Other members of the regular cast include George Voskovec (Fritz Brenner), Robert Coote (Theodore Horstmann), George Wyner (Saul Panzer) and Allan Miller (Inspector Cramer). Guest stars include Walter Brooke (George Briggs), Delta Burke (Jean Wellmann), Ed Gilbert (Robert [Emmett Phelps), David Hedison (Phillip Corrigan) and John Randolph (Ryan [Conroy O'Malley). Directed by Bob Kelljan from a teleplay by Wallace Ware (David Karp), "Murder by the Book" aired March 13, 1981.
Andre Malraux reference.
During his foray to California, Archie Goodwin contracts with a local detective agency for a detective able to impersonate a literary agent, and rejects several candidates who don't fit the role. The one who is finally chosen (and performs to great satisfaction) surprises Goodwin by reading in his spare time a serious philosophical book named "Twilight of the Absolute". (Goodwin himself, when later left alone, glances at this book but does not care to read it, preferring to pass his time with newspapers and magazines.)
Stout does not specify the name of the writer of "Twilight of the Absolute". In fact it is a book by Andre Malraux, translated from French and published in the US by Pantheon Books in 1950, one year before the present book [http://www.ilab.org/db/detail.php?lang=es&membernr=1688&ordernr=12381].

</doc>
<doc id="9842229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842229" title="Boythorpe">
Boythorpe

Boythorpe is a small suburb to the south-west of Chesterfield town centre in Derbyshire. It also borders Birdholme to its east, and Walton to its west. The area is largely made up of social housing although Chesterfield's largest park, Queens' Park, is located in Boythorpe. The area also has a large secondary school, Parkside Community School, which serves students aged 11–16.

</doc>
<doc id="9842230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842230" title="Sharbazher District">
Sharbazher District

Sharbazher District is a district in Sulaymaniyah Governorate in northeastern Iraq.
It refers to the lands north of Sulaymaniyah or the lands behind the goyzha mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="9842239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842239" title="Hawaii 1985 Split with Junglefish">
Hawaii 1985 Split with Junglefish

The Ataris/Junglefish split 7 inch was a release of early demos by the bands The Ataris and Junglefish. The album first came out in 1996, and was later re-released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9842257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842257" title="The Most Holy Trinosophia">
The Most Holy Trinosophia

"La Très Sainte Trinosophie", "The Most Holy Trinosophia", or "The Most Holy Threefold Wisdom", is a French esoteric book, allegedly authored by Alessandro Cagliostro or the Count of St. Germain. Dated to the late 18th century, the 96-page book is divided into twelve sections representing the twelve zodiacal signs. The veiled content is said to refer to an allegorical initiation, detailing many kabbalistic, alchemical and masonic mysteries. The original MS 2400 at the Library of Troyes is richly illustrated with numerous symbolical plates.
Contents.
In a self-published 1933 translation featuring parallel French and English texts, Manly Palmer Hall wrote: 
Manly Palmer Hall then cites Dr. Edward C. Getsinger, "an eminent authority on ancient alphabets and languages," in emphasizing that "La Très Sainte Trinosophie" is couched in secret codes intended to conceal its contents from the profane. 
Disposition.
Two copies of this work were held by the Philosophical Research Society until the death of Manly Palmer Hall, at which time they were purchased, along with other Rosicrucian manuscripts, by the Getty Museum. They remain in boxes 34 and 35 of the Manly Palmer Hall collection of alchemical manuscripts, 1500-1825, as MS 209 and 210, preserving the manuscript numbering of Ron Charles Hogart's "Alchemy, a comprehensive bibliography of the Manly Palmer Hall Collection of books and manuscripts: Including related material on Rosicrucianism and the writings of Jacob Böhme". 
The original copy remains in the Library at Troyes, designated as MS 2400.
Format.
The manuscript copies are triangular in form, presumably "for magickal reasons." 
In a discussion preserved in the archives of the Alchemy Web Site, Mr. Robert Word stated:
Authorship controversy.
Some controversy persists over the authorship of the work. Ascribing authorship to the Count of St. Germain rests on a "bookseller's note" pasted to the front of the MS in Troyes, as well as Manly Palmer Hall's own statements, which have been described as partisan. Indeed, Mr. Hall states that the MS was very much in the possession of Cagliostro, who is alleged to be one potential author of the manuscript, but that "the Inquisition had seized it" when Cagliostro was arrested in Rome in 1789.

</doc>
<doc id="9842266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842266" title="Rico Gulda">
Rico Gulda

Rico Gulda (born April 9, 1968) is an Austrian classical pianist and producer.
The son of the renowned enigmatic pianist Friedrich Gulda and Yuko Wakiyama, Rico grew up in Munich, Germany and began taking piano lessons at age 5. He received piano instruction at the Musikhochschule Wien as well as with master pianists, including his own father. His professional career has seen him deliver recitals at such notable venues as the Wiener Philharmoniker, the Mozarteum in Salzburg, the Bruckner Orchester in Linz, the Sinfonia di Milano, and the Orchestre National de Belgique. He has a long-standing professional and personal friendship with baritone Florian Prey. Along with his brother Paul he has played concerts with Martha Argerich and has also performed with such artists as Renaud Capucon, Patricia Kopatchinskaja, Christian Arming and Ola Rudner.
Gulda has received acclaim for his various CD recordings, interpretations of music by Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann, and Mozart, among other compilations. He has also worked as a musical producer and international music manager; his production of Ferhan & Ferzan Önder's "Vivaldi Reflections" won the Echo Klassik award.
Gulda lives in Vienna, is married, and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="9842273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842273" title="Burial (Burial album)">
Burial (Burial album)

Burial is the eponymous debut album by the dubstep producer Burial. It was released in 2006 on Kode9's Hyperdub records to critical acclaim, including being named "Album of the Year" by "The Wire" magazine. It was also named the 25th best album of the decade by Resident Advisor, who called it "a revolutionary record in the way that it influenced dubstep sounds and reinvented 2-step for an entirely different generation". The album artwork is by Burial, and includes an aerial view of South London around the area of Wandsworth Prison and the intersection of Trinity Road and Windmill Road.
According to journalist Derek Walmsley, 
Track listing.
All tracks but track 5 composed by William Bevan.

</doc>
<doc id="9842278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842278" title="Georges Brossard">
Georges Brossard

Georges Brossard, CM, CQ (born in 1940 in La Prairie, Québec, Canada) is a famed entomologist and founder of the Montreal Insectarium (Insectarium de Montréal).
Biography.
An insect enthusiast from a very early age, Brossard held a career as a notary until the age of 38. He then started to travel, and on his travels studied the insects he came across with deep interest. In 1989, after having collected over 250,000 specimens, he solicited the then mayor of Montreal, Jean Doré, to open an insectarium. He and Pierre Bourque, then director of the Montreal Botanical Gardens, began a partnership to govern and operate the Montreal Insectarium. Georges Brossard has also founded four other insectariums across the globe, some of which are located as far as Shanghai and South Africa. Since the opening of the Montreal Insectarium, his collection, which he continues to amass through his travels, has grown to over 500,000 specimens.
Brossard has also written and directed 20 episodes of Mémoires d'insectes (Insect Diaries), and was the creator and host of the televised series Insectia. He is the cofounder and copresident of Montreal's Cinéma IMAX les Ailes.
In 2004, he was the subject of the fiction film Le Papillon Bleu, The Blue Butterfly (film), directed by Léa Pool, based on an event in Brossard's life which occurred in 1987. Working for the Children's Wish Foundation of Canada, Brossard traveled to South America with a boy in the terminal phase of cancer. It was the boy's dream to catch a mythical Blue Morpho butterfly, which Georges goes to great lengths to find in the vast jungles, even putting his and the boy's lives in danger. They finally catch the butterfly, and upon returning to Québec, the cancer which had been slowly killing the child miraculously receded.

</doc>
<doc id="9842290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842290" title="British Association of Snowsport Instructors">
British Association of Snowsport Instructors

The British Association of Snowsport Instructors (BASI) is the certification organisation of professional snowsport instructors in the UK.
Qualifications.
BASI offers qualifications in alpine skiing, snowboarding, telemark, nordic skiing and adaptive skiing. Like most snowsport certification organisations worldwide, it offers different levels of certification based on the instructors qualification progress. For example, in alpine skiing it offers four levels, namely:
There are similar certification levels across snowboarding, telemark, nordic skiing and adaptive skiing.
The Alpine and Snowboard Level 1 can be extended to a "Senior Instructor UK" qualification via a shortened version of the mountain environment Level 2 course. The Senior Instructor qualification is targeted at those who only intend to work on artificial slopes.
BASI also provide their own set of alpine ski racing coach qualifications, known as the Alpine Development Coach Level 1, 2, 3 and 4.
History.
As BAPSI (British Association of Professional Ski Instructors), BASI was founded in 1963 before changing its name to BASI in 1967 to more fully reflect its membership profile. In 1964 it was invited to join the International Ski Instructors Association. In 1985 it took over the training of Nordic Ski Instructors in the UK from the Association of Nordic Instructors (ANSI).
It has grown to over 6000 members who work around the world. Initially BASI's courses were mostly held in Scotland, later moving to Tignes and eventually to Zermatt in Switzerland. BASI now runs courses in many locations worldwide including New Zealand, Argentina and the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9842295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842295" title="Cédric Collet">
Cédric Collet

Cédric Collet (born 7 March 1984 in Brétigny-sur-Orge, Essonne) is a French football (soccer) midfielder who currently plays for US Créteil-Lusitanos. Collet previously played for Standard Liege in Belgium and S.C. Beira-Mar in Portugal.
International career.
Collet made his debut for Guadeloupe in an October 2008 Caribbean Cup match against the Cayman Islands. He scored in his second game against Grenada.

</doc>
<doc id="9842315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842315" title="Ernest van Dyck">
Ernest van Dyck

Ernest van Dyck (2 April 1861 - 31 August 1923) was a Belgian dramatic tenor who was closely identified with the Wagnerian repertoire.
A native of Antwerp, van Dyck studied both law and journalism before deciding to become an opera singer. He studied in Paris with Saint Yves-Bax before making his debut at the Théâtre Eden on 3 May 1887; the occasion marked the French premiere of "Lohengrin". Intensive study with Felix Mottl followed before he appeared as Parsifal at the Bayreuth Festival in 1888, with great success. The intensity of his acting was praised in particular and he was invited back to Bayreuth on repeated occasions, where he became a proponent of the Sprechgesang style of operatic vocalism.
The Vienna Opera soon engaged him, and he remained with the company for a decade, also making guest appearances throughout Europe; among these, he featured in the world premiere of Wilhelm Kienzl's "Der Evangelimann" in London in 1897. Van Dyck made his American debut on 29 November 1898, singing Tannhäuser at the Metropolitan Opera. He stayed in New York City until the 1901-02 season, singing not only Wagner roles but also parts in French operas. In 1907 he managed a season of German opera at Covent Garden, and in 1914 he appeared in the first Parisian performance of "Parsifal".
Van Dyck made a few acoustic records in the early 1900s (for Pathe, Fonotipia and Homophone) which show a voice prematurely past its prime after a dozen years of hard, declamatory use in heavy Wagnerian parts. He died in Berlaar in 1923. For an appraisal of his recordings and career, see Volume One of Michael Scott's "The Record of Singing" (Duckworth, London, 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="9842324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842324" title="Guanosine nucleotide dissociation inhibitors">
Guanosine nucleotide dissociation inhibitors

The Guanosine nucleotide dissociation inhibitors (GDIs), bind to the GDP-bound form of Rho and Rab small GTPases and not only prevent exchange (maintaining the small GTPase in an off-state), but also prevent the small GTPase from localizing at the membrane, which is their place of action. This inhibition can be removed by the action of a GDI displacement factor. 
It also inhibits cdc42 by binding to its tail and preventing its insertion into membranes; hence it cannot trigger WASPs and cannot lead to nucleation of F-actin.

</doc>
<doc id="9842327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842327" title="Nomad (1982 film)">
Nomad (1982 film)

Nomad (烈火青春) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Tam. It is about the experiences of a group of youngsters who feel lost and try to find the true meaning of life. "Nomad" is considered as one of the representatives of the Hong Kong New Wave films.
Plot.
Louis (Leslie Cheung) is a lovely young man from a rich family and misses his 'passed-away' mother very much. He has a good friendship with his cousin Kathy (Pat Ha). Louis and Kathy later meet Tomato (Cecilia Yip), who becomes Louis' girlfriend, and Pong (Kent Tong), who becomes Kathy's boyfriend. The four live a casual life together, hang out aimlessly, and share their dreams and difficulties with one another on frequent trips to Hong Kong's outlying islands. But Kathy's past returns to haunt her. She once lived in Japan, and had romance with Shinsuke Takeda (Yung Sai-Kit), a Japanese who is the member of Japanese Red Army. Shinsuke Takeda is bored of the life as a Red Army member and wants to quit the organization. This leads to a vow of revenge by the organization and Shinsuke Takeda runs to Kathy to ask for help. However, he was eventually found by the killers dispatched by the Red Army and both Kathy and Shinsuke are killed, while Louis and Tomato, who is pregnant with Louis's kid, survive the crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="9842376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842376" title="BPT">
BPT

BPT may refer to:

</doc>
