<doc id="9910289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910289" title="Sex Pistols Boxed Set">
Sex Pistols Boxed Set

Sex Pistols is a box set anthology of the career of the punk band The Sex Pistols with singer Johnny Rotten. It was released on 3 June 2002. The set comprises three themed CDs and an 80-page booklet.
The first disc features "Never Mind the Bollocks", the band's only studio album, in its entirety, as well as four B-sides and the band's first demo session.
The second disc has demos and studio outtakes, from July 1976 to January 1977 and from the "Never Mind the Bollocks" sessions. This, together with the first disc, includes most of the material recorded by the band while Johnny Rotten was the singer.
The third disc, composed of previously unreleased live tracks, is almost completely made up with an 31 August 1976 gig at Islington Screen on the Green Cinema. Live bonus tracks include songs never recorded in the studio, "Understanding", "Flowers of Romance" and the legendary live performance of "Belsen Was a Gas".
Completeness.
The box set includes almost the entire known recorded output of the band while Johnny Rotten was in the band. There are some demos not included, but they can be found completely on the bootleg album "Spunk" and the 1996 extended release of "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols" which comes with "Spunk/This Is Crap".
The missing "Submission (Version 2)" is included on the widespread bootleg "Party Till You Puke" and part 2 of the 1992 "Pretty Vacant" double maxi CD.
If you own the box set, the 2006 15-song-remaster of "Spunk" (or the 2001 Castle re-release of the "No Future UK" bootleg, both releases run too slow as on the original bootleg LP, used for remastering) and part 2 of the "Pretty Vacant" 1992 CD single, you have the entire collection in digital format.
There are some semi-official releases out there who include some tracks and sessions in much better quality than included on the box set itself or the "Spunk" or "No Future UK" bootleg.
The first Dave Goodman Session from July 1976 is included with best available sound on the Japanese "Mini-Album". Unfortunately the track "Pretty Vacant" is missing, but it is included in excellent quality on the "We've Cum For Your Children" bootleg CD.
The Dave Goodman Session from January 1977 is available in its entire form on the CD "The Swindle Continues" (released on Restless Records). This version came definitely from a master tape or a first generation copy, cause it is included with real speed and the sound quality is simply perfect.
The "Pretty Vacant" version from July 1976, included on the box set (disc 2, track 1) is in fact the same recording as included on the "Spunk" album, but with a slightly different mix and the added studio chatter from the intro of the January 1977 session.
Here is a full list of all missing demo tracks from the Johnny Rotten era, not included on the box set:
01) Pretty Vacant – Original Version (Dave Goodman Session 1, Denmark Studio & Riverside Studio 1976)<br>
02) Lazy Sod (Dave Goodman Session 1, Denmark Studio & Riverside Studio 1976)<br>
03) Satellite (Dave Goodman Session 1, Denmark Studio & Riverside Studio 1976)<br>
04) Anarchy In The UK (Dave Goodman Session 1, Denmark Studio & Riverside Studio 1976)<br>
05) Problems (Dave Goodman Session 3, Gooseberry Studios & Eden Studio, January 1977)<br>
06) Pretty Vacant (Dave Goodman Session 3, Gooseberry Studios & Eden Studio, January 1977)<br>
07) Liar (Dave Goodman Session 3, Gooseberry Studios & Eden Studio, January 1977)<br>
08) EMI (Dave Goodman Session 3, Gooseberry Studios & Eden Studio, January 1977)<br>
09) Submission – Demo #2 (Bill Price Album Session, Wessex Studio, June 1977)
None of the post-Johnny Rotten material is included on the box, most of which can be found on "The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle" soundtrack. It might be worth noting Sid Vicious, while commonly referred to as "the" bass player for the Sex Pistols, only plays on one track out of sixty-four on this box set.
Track listing.
Disc 3: Live at Screen on the Green ‘76, plus live rarities.
(*)This is a different song from that of the same title recorded by Rotten's later band Public Image Limited

</doc>
<doc id="9910290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910290" title="Jeh Airport">
Jeh Airport

Jeh Airport is a public use airstrip at Jeh on Ailinglaplap Atoll, Marshall Islands. This airstrip is assigned the location identifier JEJ by the IATA.
Facilities.
Jeh Airport has one runway measuring 3,800 ft (1,158 m).

</doc>
<doc id="9910327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910327" title="Joseph André">
Joseph André

Joseph André (14 March 1908 – 1 June 1973) was a Catholic priest of the diocese of Namur, Belgium. He was declared Righteous among the Nations by the government of Israel in 1968.
Early life.
After two years (1926–28) with the Jesuits where he could not stay because of his frail health and weak contact with his religion, he entered the seminary of Namur. Ordained priest in 1936, he was teacher in a high school (Floreffe) for a few years before being appointed curate at the parish of St Jean-Baptiste (Namur).
Shelter for Jewish children.
This was in 1941 and Belgium was under German occupation. Under his quiet and discreet leadership the parish youth center (located exactly next to the Gestapo 'Kommandantur' of Namur) became the hub of a vast clandestine organization whose aim was to save Jewish children from deportation and certain death. It was a transit house where children were sheltered - sometime more than 20 together - for as few days as possible before being entrusted to religious institutions or rural families where they could remain in hiding. To feed them Fr André and his collaborators went about the country, from farm to farm, begging for food, hams, bread, cheese, and on the look out for more shelters for his protégés. With a personal love for Jews and a profound respect for religious freedom, Fr André never tried to convert or baptize the children. Though he was occasionally suspected by the Gestapo, and several times interrogated, his center and organization were never uncovered and remained active till the end of the war.
He died in his office.
Friend of Israel.
After the war he carried out social and charitable activities in connection with the "Service social des Juifs" of Belgium. Living very poorly by choice, he had an evangelical love for the marginalized and the lost. As Chaplain of the Namur jail from 1957 till his death, he opened a welcome center for ex-convicts, illegal migrants and political refugees: the 'Chateau de Bomel' (Namur). Always interested in the destiny of the Jewish people and fascinated by the mystery of Israel he closely followed the birth of the new state in 1948. In 1967 he received the highest honour of the nation: he was declared "Righteous Among the Nations" and a tree in his name was planted in Yad Vashem. The following year the frail man, always in a black cassock, was invited to New York by the United Jewish Appeal and greeted by more than a thousand Jews.
Death.
Fr André was found dead in his office of the Namur jail on the 1 June 1973.
Source.
HENNAUX, Jean-Marie: L'abbé Joseph André (1908–1973), apôtre de l'amitié judéo-chrétienne, in "Pâque Nouvelle", 2001, N°2, pp. 12–20.

</doc>
<doc id="9910330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910330" title="Kili Airport">
Kili Airport

Kili Airport is a public use airstrip on Kili Island, Marshall Islands. This airstrip is assigned the location identifier Q51 by the FAA and KIO by the IATA.
Facilities.
Kili Airport is at an elevation of 5 feet (2.5 m) above mean sea level. The runway is designated 04/22 with a coral gravel surface measuring 4,400 by 100 feet (1,341 x 30 m). There are no aircraft based at Kili.

</doc>
<doc id="9910331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910331" title="Lloyd's War Medal for Bravery at Sea">
Lloyd's War Medal for Bravery at Sea

The Lloyd's War Medal for Bravery at Sea is one of the four Lloyd's Medal types bestowed by Lloyd's of London. In 1939, with the coming of World War II, Lloyd's set up a committee to find means of honouring seafarers who performed acts of exceptional courage at sea, and this resulted in the announcement on 27 December 1940 of the "Lloyd’s War Medal for Bravery at Sea".
The first awards were announced in March 1941. The first two were to Captain Rowland Morris-Woolfenden MBE and Sub-Lieutenant Patrick Wills-Rust RNR, who had been Master and Second Officer respectively of the coaster . On the night of 27–28 May 1940, the last day of the Battle of Belgium, she had evacuated over 200 soldiers and civilians from Ostend. She survived 90 minutes of attacks by enemy aircraft and 20 minutes of attack by an E-boat before being torpedoed and sunk.
All awards were for acts during the Second World War. The last were announced in October 1948. In all 541 Lloyd’s War Medals for Bravery at Sea were awarded.
In the table the following abbreviations and annotations are used:
C - King’s Commendation for Brave Conduct.
† - Posthumous, * - Honorary, § - Supernumerary, A/ - Acting, T/ - Temporary.

</doc>
<doc id="9910339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910339" title="William Clowes Ltd.">
William Clowes Ltd.

William Clowes Ltd. is a British printing company founded in London in 1803 by William Clowes. It grew from a small, one press firm to one of the world's largest printing companies in the mid-19th century. The company merged with Caxton Press, operated by William Moore in Beccles, Suffolk in the late 19th century and concentrated its business in the town following World War II. It is one of the UK’s largest manufacturers of directories and reference books and continues to operate out of its large printing factory at Ellough near Beccles as part of the CPI UK group.
History.
Clowes established the firm on 21 October 1803 at 2 Villiers Street, London next to the Strand. The company was small in the beginning, having only one printing press and one assistant. Clowes worked for three days and nights to finish his first job, which satisfied the customer. Business soon grew from word of mouth, as customers were impressed with the company's speed and accuracy.
Expansion and steam powered presses.
The company expanded in 1823 with the purchase of Northumberland Court and the installation of its first steam-powered presses (made by Applegath and Cowper). However, the new noisy presses disturbed the Duke of Northumberland, whose palace was nearby, and he ordered the company to cease operation. When Clowes refused, the case was tried in court in June 1824, where the printer won with the help of his attorney John Copley. Clowes agreed to move the presses though in exchange for a sum paid by the Duke. The exchange proved fruitful for Clowes, as the bankruptcy of Archibald Constable caused a short period of bad business that afflicted the London publishing industry and the Duke's compensation helped offset the large losses Clowes experienced during this time.
In 1826, the company purchased and moved to premises on Duke Street that had previously been occupied by Applegath and Cowper. The firm, which was renamed at William Clowes and Sons in 1839, grew rapidly, and by 1843 was one of the largest printing companies in the world: it operated 24 presses and had its own type and stereotype foundries, 2500 tonnes of stereotyped plates (at the time worth at least 500,000 pounds sterling), and a collection of 80,000 woodcuts. In 1847, Clowes died, and three of his sons, William Clowes the younger (1807–1883), Winchester, and George, took over running the company. In 1851, the company secured a large contract to print half a million catalogues for the Great Exhibition. The project involved the use of 50 tonnes of type, 30,000 reams of paper and three tonnes of ink.
Merger with Caxton Press.
In 1873, William Clowes the younger's eldest son, William Archibald Clowes (1843–1904), and his nephew William Charles Knight Clowes (1838–1917) entered a partnership with William Moore, who operated the Caxton Press in Beccles, Suffolk. Although Moore suddenly disappeared, leaving a considerable debt, the firm survived and was re-established as Clowes and Clowes. It grew from operating four presses to 15 in just three years. In 1880, Clowes and Clowes merged with William Clowes & Sons to form William Clowes Ltd.
Relocation to Beccles.
The company continued operating into the 20th century, but suffered a setback during World War II, when the Blitz destroyed its Duke Street offices. Following the war, the firm decided to concentrate on expanding its presses in Beccles. In the late 1970s, computerised phototypesetting was introduced to the company which has continued to invest in digital technology. The company sold its old Beccles premises in 2003 and moved to a new, custom-built factory at Ellough on the outskirts of Beccles in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9910355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910355" title="David de Lautour">
David de Lautour

David Hugh de Lautour (born 28 November 1982) is a New Zealand television actor and musician. He was born in Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand and attended King's College, then The American Musical and Dramatic Academy (AMDA) to which he received a $50,000 scholarship.
Television and film work.
He has appeared in the television shows "Being Eve", in which he played Adam le Beau, "What I Like About You" in which he played Ben Sheffield, ' as an angel and another character named Icus and ' as RJ.
David started the production company Tool Shed Productions in 2006 which has produced a number of films, stage plays and his band, Four Tribe Native.
He played Michael Cypher in "Legend of the Seeker", the syndicated television adaptation of Terry Goodkind's "Sword of Truth". In 2010, David de Lautour appeared on "NCIS" (Season 7 Episode 13: "Jet Lag"). He also does the voice and motion capture for Vergil in the 2013 video game "".

</doc>
<doc id="9910361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910361" title="Buratha Mosque bombing">
Buratha Mosque bombing

The Buratha Mosque bombing was a triple suicide bombing that occurred on April 7, 2006 in Baghdad. 
The attacks.
The explosions happened when many worshippers were leaving the Buratha Mosque after Friday prayers. The bombers, two of whom were dressed as women, managed to get through the mosque's security checkpoints. 
The first suicide bomber detonated after passing through the women's security checkpoint, and entering the mosque. While the second suicide bomber detonated inside the courtyard of the mosque. The third bomber detonated inside the office of Sheikh Jalaluddin al-Saghir, a member of the Iraqi parliament, in an attempt to assassinate him. However, al-Saghir was unharmed in the attack. 
In the end the three bombers managed to kill 85 people, and injure 160.

</doc>
<doc id="9910373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910373" title="Rafi Amit">
Rafi Amit

Rafi Amit (), is an Israeli professional poker player, from Holon.
Amit has won two bracelets at the World Series of Poker, the first in the 2005 Pot limit Omaha and the second in 2007 in the $1,000 Deuce to Seven Triple Draw Lowball with rebuys .
As of 2009, his total live tournament winnings exceed $940,000. His eight cashes at the WSOP account for $941,988 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="9910395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910395" title="Tungi Spirit">
Tungi Spirit

Tungi Spirit is the name given to a distilled product made in Saint Helena from the fruit of the prickly or cactus pear ("Opuntia ficus-indica").
Terminology.
Tungi is the local Saint Helenian name for the prickly or cactus pear.
Usage.
Three principal varieties of tungi grow on Saint Helena, but only two are used in the production of Tungi spirit. These are both examples of the largest fruit grown – the 'English' (or yellow) fruit and the 'Madeira' (or large red) fruit. These are cultivars of "Opuntia ficus indica". The small 'spiny red' tungi fruits ("O. elatior") are not normally used for distillation, despite remaining in season for almost eight months of the year. By comparison with the large varieties, their juice content is low.

</doc>
<doc id="9910417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910417" title="International Order of St. Luke the Physician">
International Order of St. Luke the Physician

The International Order of Saint Luke is an inter-denominational religious order dedicated to the Christian healing ministry. It was founded by John Gayner Banks, an Episcopal priest, in 1947. 
Members engage in healing prayer with those who are physically ill, emotionally troubled or in other distress, often with the laying on of hands. Members may be clergy or lay people, Ministry by members of the Order is seen and experienced as an extension, but not a replacement for other parts of Christian religious observance and practice. Chapters, or groups of members of the Order, meet together regularly to study Scripture and engage in prayer.
There are several hundred chapters of this organization in the USA and Canada. There is also an unaffiliated organization called '"The Order of St. Luke".
References.
http://orderofstluke.org/

</doc>
<doc id="9910418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910418" title="Lae Airport">
Lae Airport

Lae Airport is a public use airport at Lae on Lae Atoll, Marshall Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9910427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910427" title="Gardner's Gut">
Gardner's Gut

Gardner's Gut is an extensive cave system in the Waitomo area of New Zealand. It is located in the Ruakuri Caves & Bush Scenic Reserve, an area that also contains a number of other natural features of note. The reserve is administered by New Zealand's Department of Conservation (DOC). With a length of over 12 km of explored passages, it is New Zealand's 6th largest known cave system, and the largest in the North Island. 
Description.
The caves making up the Gardner's Gut system are almost all composed of former or still active 'stream caves' (i.e. tunnels washed out of the limestone by water action). It is a very well known cave in New Zealand, and probably one of the most visited 'amateur' caves in the country (as opposed to tourist caves providing guided tours, like nearby Waitomo Cave). Various caving clubs from throughout the North Island use it for beginner trips, as it provides a variety of true caving experiences (such as squeeze points, narrow and winding streamways, large underground halls, fascinating formations and bush tramping to get to and from the entrances), yet is easy enough to pass through for any reasonably fit and non-claustrophobic person. The normal beginners area of the cave is around the "Zweihoehlen"-entrance ('Two Caves' in German) near the river.
Associated with the large number of amateur trips (whether accompanied by professional cavers or not) is a certain level of degradation in the cave. As cave systems are very fragile environments, many parts of Gardner's Gut cave have been damaged by the relatively frequent visits of inexperienced cavers (with, for example, formations broken off, and limestone formations dirtied, which prevents their continuing growth). However, this damage is almost invisible to a casual amateur.
One of the most impressive features of the cave is the 'Birthday Candle', the tallest stalagmite in the country, being around 6–7 meters high and having a diameter of around 2 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="9910431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910431" title="Japan Gold Disc Award">
Japan Gold Disc Award

The Japan Gold Disc Awards (日本ゴールドディスク大賞) for Music sales in the Recording Industry Association of Japan, is major music awards held annually in Japan also released as a CD.

</doc>
<doc id="9910441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910441" title="Scooter Libby">
Scooter Libby

I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby (born August 22, 1950; first name generally given as Irve, sometimes Irving) and former adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney. Libby was disbarred after being convicted of a felony in relation to the Plame affair.
From 2001 to 2005, Libby held the offices of Assistant to the Vice President for National Security Affairs and Chief of Staff to the Vice President of the United States and Assistant to the President during the administration of President George W. Bush.
In October 2005, Libby was indicted by a federal grand jury concerning the investigation of the leak of the covert identity of Central Intelligence Agency officer Valerie Plame Wilson. Plame's position at the CIA was considered classified information. Libby was indicted on five counts relating to the Plame affair: Two counts of perjury, two counts of making false statements to federal investigators, and one count of obstruction of justice. Libby resigned all three government positions immediately after the indictment was announced.
In the subsequent federal trial, "United States v. Libby", the jury convicted Libby on four of the five counts in the indictment (one count of obstruction of justice, two counts of perjury, and one count of making false statements) and acquitted on the second count of making false statements. The day after his conviction in that trial, he resigned his later appointment as senior advisor at the Hudson Institute (January 1, 2006 – March 7, 2007).
Libby is the highest-ranking White House official convicted in a government scandal since John Poindexter, the national security adviser to President Ronald Reagan in the Iran–Contra affair.
On June 5, 2007, the presiding trial judge, Reggie B. Walton, sentenced Libby to 30 months in federal prison, a fine of $250,000, and two years of supervised release, including 400 hours of community service, and then ordered Libby to begin his sentence immediately. On July 2, 2007, when Libby's appeal of Walton's order failed, President Bush commuted Libby's 30-month prison sentence, leaving the other parts of his sentence intact. In commuting Libby's prison term, Bush stated: "I am commuting the portion of Mr. Libby's sentence that required him to spend thirty months in prison. ... My decision to commute his prison sentence leaves in place a harsh punishment for Mr. Libby. The reputation he gained through his years of public service and professional work in the legal community is forever damaged." After Libby paid his monetary fine and penalty totaling $250,400, Judge Walton queried aspects of the presidential commutation, and lawyers filed their briefs supporting Libby's serving supervised release, resolving the issue and thus clearing the way for Libby to begin the rest of his sentence, the two years of supervised release and 400 hours of community service.
On December 10, 2007, Libby's lawyers announced that he would drop his appeal of his conviction in the case, leaving intact his remaining sentence and fine and leaving on his record his felony conviction, on condition of a full presidential pardon. The next day, December 11, 2007, Bush issued 29 pardons but did not include Libby among them. As a consequence of his conviction in "United States v. Libby", Libby's license to practice law was suspended by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in December 2007. On April 3, 2007, the District of Columbia Bar suspended his license to practice law in Washington, D.C., and recommended his disbarment pending his appeal of his conviction. On March 20, 2008, after he dropped his appeal, he was disbarred by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, in Washington, D.C., at least until 2012.
Personal history.
Background and education.
Libby was born to an affluent Jewish family in New Haven, Connecticut; his late father, Irving Lewis Liebowitz, was an investment banker.
Libby graduated from the Eaglebrook School, in Deerfield, Massachusetts, a middle school, in 1965. The family lived in the Washington region, Miami and Connecticut prior to Libby's graduation from Phillips Academy, in Andover, Massachusetts, in 1968.
He and his elder brother, Hank, a retired tax lawyer, were the first in the family to graduate from college. Libby matriculated at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, in Fall 1968, graduating "magna cum laude" in 1972. As "Yale Daily News" reporter Jack Mirkinson observes, "Even though he would eventually become a prominent Republican, Libby's political beginnings would not have pointed in that direction. He served as vice president of the Yale College Democrats and later campaigned for Michael Dukakis when he was running for governor of Massachusetts." According to Mirkinson: "Two particular Yale courses helped guide Libby's future endeavors. One of these was a creative writing course, which started Libby on a 20-year mission to complete a novel ... published as "The Apprentice" ... a political science class with professor and future Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz. In an interview with author James Mann, Libby said Wolfowitz was one of his favorite professors, and their professional relationship did not end with the class." Wolfowitz would become a significant mentor in his later professional life.
In 1975, as a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar, Libby received his Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from Columbia Law School.
Marriage and family.
Libby is married to Harriet Grant, whom he met in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the late 1980s, while he was a partner and she an associate in the law firm then known as Dickstein, Shapiro & Morin: When he and Harriet became serious,' Dickstein partner Kenneth Simon wrote, 'she chose to leave the firm rather than maintain the awkward situation of an associate dating a partner. Libby and Grant married in the early 1990s, have a son and a daughter, and live in McLean, Virginia.
Name and nicknames.
First name.
There has been a fair amount of disagreement as to Libby's full name, about which Libby has been secretive. He was prosecuted as "I. Lewis Libby, also known as "Scooter Libby."" National Public Radio's Day to Day reported that the 1972 "Yale Banner" (the yearbook of Yale University) gave his name as "Irve Lewis Libby, Jr."; it is unclear if "Irve" is his given name, or if it is short for "Irving", as it was for his father. CBS, the BBC, and the "New York Times"'s John Tierney have all used this spelling of his first name. The "Times"'s Eric Schmitt spelled it "Irv", though he cited a phone interview with Libby's brother, and did not clarify if he had asked for a spelling.
At times, including in the "Yale Banner", and as documented in a federal directory cited by Ron Kampeas and others, Libby has used "Jr." after his name. At other times, however, as listed in his federal indictment and "United States v. Libby", which give his alias as "Scooter Libby", there is no "Jr." after Libby's name.
Nickname.
Libby has also been secretive about the origin of his nickname "Scooter". The "New York Times"'s Eric Schmitt, citing the aforementioned interview with Libby's brother, wrote that "His nickname 'Scooter' derives from the day father watched him crawling in his crib and joked, 'He's a Scooter!
In their February 2002 interview on "Larry King Live", King asked Libby specifically, "Where did 'Scooter' come from?"; Libby replied: "Oh, it goes way back to when I was a kid. Some people ask me if ... ... as you did earlier, if it's related to Phil Rizzuto [nicknamed 'The Scooter'. I had the range but not the arm."
"The Apprentice".
Libby's only novel, "The Apprentice", about a group of travelers stranded in northern Japan in the winter of 1903 during a smallpox epidemic, was first published in a hardback edition, by Graywolf Press, in St. Paul, Minnesota, in 1996 and reprinted as a trade paperback, by St. Martin's Thomas Dunne Books, in 2002. After Libby's indictment in the CIA leak grand jury investigation, in 2005, St. Martin's Press reissued "The Apprentice" as a mass market paperback (Griffin imprint). It has been described as "a thriller... that includes references to bestiality, pedophilia and rape".
Legal career.
After earning his J.D. from Columbia in 1975, Libby joined the firm of Schnader, Harrison, Segal & Lewis LLP, becoming a partner the following year (1976). He was admitted to the bar of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on October 27, 1976, and to the Bar of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals on May 19, 1978.
Libby practiced law at Schnader for six years before joining the U.S. State Department policy planning staff, at the invitation of his former Yale professor, Paul Wolfowitz, in 1981. In 1985, returning to private practice, he joined the firm then known as Dickstein, Shapiro & Morin (now Dickstein Shapiro LLP), becoming a partner in 1986 and working there until 1989, when he left to work in the U.S. Defense Department, again under his former Yale professor Paul Wolfowitz, until January 1993.
In 1993, returning to private legal practice from government, Libby became the managing partner of the Washington, D.C. office of Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, Alexander & Ferdon (formerly Nixon, Mudge, Rose, Guthrie, and Alexander); in 1995, along with his Mudge Rose colleague, Leonard Garment––who had replaced John Dean as acting Special Counsel to U.S. President Richard Nixon for the last two years of his presidency dominated by Watergate, and who had hired Libby at Mudge Rose twenty years later––and three other lawyers from that firm, Libby joined the Washington, D.C. office of Dechert, Price, and Rhoads (now part of Dechert LLP), where he was a managing partner, a member of its litigation department, and chaired its Public Policy Practice Group, until 2001, when he left to return to work again in government, as Vice President Cheney's chief of staff.
Fugitive billionaire commodities trader Marc Rich, who, along with his business partner Pincus Green, had been convicted of tax evasion and illegal trading with Iran, and who, with Green, was ultimately pardoned by President Bill Clinton, was a client whom Leonard Garment had hired Libby to help represent around the spring of 1985, after Rich and Green had first engaged Garment. Libby stopped representing Rich in the spring of 2000; early in March 2001, at a "contentious" Congressional hearing to review Clinton's pardons, Libby testified that he thought the prosecution's case against Rich "misconstrued the facts and the law". According to Jackson Hogan, Libby's roommate at Yale University, as quoted in the already-cited "U.S. News & World Report" article by Walsh, " 'He is intensely partisan...in that if he is your counsel, he'll embrace your case and try to figure a way out of whatever noose you are ensnared in.' " According to House Committee on Government Reform report, however, "The arguments made by Garment, Bradford Reynolds and Libby their testimony focused on the claim that the SDNY was criminalizing what should have been a civil tax case. They did not make, compile, or in any other way lay the groundwork for, or make a case for a Presidential pardon. When former President Clinton stated that they 'reviewed and advocated' 'the case for the pardons,' he suggested that they were somehow involved in arguing that Rich and Green should receive pardons. This was completely untrue". (p. 162)
Bar suspension and disbarment.
Before his indictment in United States v. Libby, Libby had been a licensed corporate lawyer, admitted to the bars of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, although his Pennsylvania law license was inactive, and he had already been suspended from the Washington, D.C. Office of Bar Counsel (D.C. Bar) for non-payment of fees. The Chief Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals recommended permanent disbarment upon confirmation of his conviction, which Libby had initially indicated that he would appeal. Having suspended his license to practice law on April 3, 2007, the D.C. Bar "disbarred pursuant to D.C. Code § 11-2503(a)" on legal grounds of "moral turpitude", effective April 11, 2007, and recommended to the D.C. Court of Appeals his permanent disbarment if his conviction were not overturned on appeal. On December 10, 2007, Libby's lawyers announced his decision "to drop his appeal of his conviction in the CIA leak case". On March 20, 2008, following the dropping of his appeal of his conviction, the District of Columbia Court of Appeals disbarred Libby. As a result of the Court's ruling, "Libby will lose his license to practice or appear in court in Washington until at least 2012", and, "As is standard, he will probably lose any bar membership he holds in other states"; that is, in Pennsylvania.
Government public service and political career.
In 1981, after working as a lawyer in the Philadelphia firm Schnader LLP, Libby accepted the invitation of his former Yale University political science professor and mentor Paul Wolfowitz to join the U.S. State Department's policy planning staff. From 1982 to 1985, Libby served as director of special projects in the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs. In 1985 he received the Foreign Affairs Award for Public Service from the United States Department of Defense, and he resigned from government to enter private legal practice at Dickstein, Shapiro, and Morin. In 1989, he went to work at the Pentagon, again under Wolfowitz, as principal deputy under-secretary for strategy and resources at the U.S. Defense Department.
During the George H. W. Bush administration, Libby was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as deputy under secretary of defense for policy, serving from 1992–1993. In 1992 he also served as legal advisor for the House Select Committee on U.S. National Security and Military/Commercial Concerns with the People’s Republic of China. Libby co-authored the draft of the Defense Planning Guidance for the 1994–99 fiscal years (dated February 18, 1992) with Wolfowitz for Dick Cheney, who was then Secretary of Defense. In 1993 Libby received the Distinguished Service Award from the U.S. Defense Department and the Distinguished Public Service Award from the U.S. State Department before resuming private legal practice first at Mudge Rose and then at Dechert.
Libby was part of a network of neo-conservatives known as the "Vulcans"—its other members included Wolfowitz, Condoleezza Rice, and Donald Rumsfeld. While he was still a managing partner of Dechert Price & Rhoads, he was a signatory to the "Statement of Principles" of the Project for the New American Century (PNAC) (a document dated June 3, 1997). He joined Wolfowitz, PNAC co-founders William Kristol, Robert Kagan, and other "Project Participants" in developing the PNAC's September 2000 report entitled, "Rebuilding America's Defenses: Strategy, Forces, and Resources for a New Century".
After becoming Cheney's chief of staff in 2001, Libby was reportedly nicknamed "Germ Boy" at the White House, for insisting on universal smallpox vaccination. He was also nicknamed "Dick Cheney's Dick Cheney" for his close working relationship with the Vice President. Mary Matalin, who worked with Libby as an adviser to Cheney during Bush's first term, said of him "He is to the vice president what the vice president is to the president."
Libby was active in the Defense Policy Board Advisory Committee of the Pentagon when it was chaired by Richard Perle during the early years of the George W. Bush administration (2001–2003). At various points in his career, Libby has also held positions with the American Bar Association, been on the advisory board of the RAND Corporation's Center for Russia and Eurasia, and been a legal advisor to the United States House of Representatives, as well as served as a consultant for the defense contractor Northrop Grumman.
Libby was also actively involved in the Bush administration's efforts to negotiate the Israeli–Palestinian "road map" for peace; for example, he participated in a series of meetings with Jewish leaders in early December 2002 and a meeting with two aides of then-Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in mid-April 2003, culminating in the Red Sea Summit on June 4, 2004. Former British Foreign Secretary (2001–2006), Jack Straw said of Libby: "It's a toss-up whether is working for the Israelis or the Americans on any given day." In their highly controversial and widely contested "Working Paper" entitled "The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy", University of Chicago political science professor John J. Mearsheimer and academic dean of the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University Stephen M. Walt argue that Libby was among the Bush administration's most "fervently pro-Israel ... officials" (20).
On June 5, 2007, after Judge Reggie Walton sentenced Libby, Jewish Telegraphic Agency (JTA) Washington, D.C. bureau chief Ron Kampeas observed that former Soviet dissident and Israeli politician and writer Natan Sharansky was one of many "Jews pleading leniency for Libby – without success", and that Arye Genger, who served as a liaison between Sharon and the Bush administration, credited Libby with trying to reduce civilian casualties among Israelis and Palestinians during the second intifada. According to the JTA, "Libby is Jewish, and a significant portion of those who had pleaded with the judge for a lenient sentence are leaders in Washington's Middle East policy community."
Subsequent work experience.
From January 2006 until March 7, 2007, the day after his conviction in "United States v. Libby", when he resigned, Libby served as a "senior advisor" at the Hudson Institute, focusing on "issues relating to the War on Terror and the future of Asia...offerresearch guidance and...advis[ing the institute in strategic planning". His resignation was announced by the Hudson Institute in a press release dated March 8, 2007. However, he has served as Senior Vice President of the Hudson Institute at least since 2010.
Involvement in the Plame affair.
Between 2003 and 2005 intense speculation centered on the possibility that Libby may have been the administration official who had "leaked" classified employment information about Valerie E. Wilson (Valerie Plame), the wife of Iraq war critic Joseph Wilson and a covert CIA agent, to "New York Times" reporter Judith Miller and other reporters and later tried to hide his having done so.
In August 2005, as revealed in grand jury testimony audiotapes played during the trial and reported in many news accounts, Libby testified that he met with Judith Miller, a reporter with the "New York Times", on July 8, 2003, and discussed Plame with her.
Although Libby signed a "blanket waiver" allowing journalists to discuss their conversations with him pursuant to the CIA leak grand jury investigation, Miller maintained that such a waiver did not serve to allow her to reveal her source to that grand jury; moreover, Miller argued that Libby's general waiver pertaining to all journalists could have been coerced and that she would only testify before that grand jury if given an individual waiver.
After refusing to testify about her July 2003 meeting with Libby, Judith Miller was jailed on July 7, 2005 for contempt of court. Months later, however, her new attorney, Robert Bennett, told her that she already had possessed a written, voluntary waiver from Libby all along.
After Miller had served most of her sentence, Libby reiterated that he had indeed given her a "waiver" both "voluntarily and personally." He attached the following letter, which, when released publicly, became the subject of further speculation about Libby's possible motives in sending it:As noted above, my lawyer confirmed my waiver to other reporters in just the way he did with your lawyer. Why? Because as I am sure will not be news to you, the public report of every other reporter's testimony makes clear that they did not discuss Ms. Plame's name or identity with me, or knew about her before our call.
After agreeing to testify, Miller was released on September 29, 2005, appearing before the grand jury the next day, but the charge against her was rescinded only after she testified again on October 12, 2005. For her second grand jury appearance, Miller produced a notebook from a previously undisclosed meeting with Libby on June 23, 2003, two weeks before Wilson's "New York Times" op-ed was published. In her account published in the "Times" on October 16, 2005, based on her notes, Miller reports:... in an interview with me on June 23 Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, I. Lewis Libby, discussed Mr. Wilson's activities and placed blame for intelligence failures on the C.I.A. In later conversations with me, on July 8 and July 12 [2003, Mr. Libby, ... the time Mr. Cheney's top aide, played down the importance of Mr. Wilson's mission and questioned his performance... My notes indicate that well before Mr. Wilson published his critique, Mr. Libby told me that Mr. Wilson's wife may have worked on unconventional weapons at the C.I.A... My notes do not show that Mr. Libby identified Mr. Wilson's wife by name. Nor do they show that he described Valerie Wilson as a covert agent or "operative"... Her notation on her July 8, 2003 meeting with Libby does contain the name "Valerie Flame which she added retrospectively. While Miller reveals publicly that she herself had misidentified the last name of Wilson's wife (aka "Valerie Plame") in her own marginal notes on their interview as "Flame" instead of "Plame", in her grand jury (and later trial testimony), she remained uncertain when, how, and why she arrived at that name and did not attribute it to Libby:I was not permitted to take notes of what I told the grand jury, and my interview notes on Mr. Libby are sketchy in places. It is also difficult, more than two years later, to parse the meaning and context of phrases, of underlining and of parentheses. On one page of my interview notes, for example, I wrote the name "Valerie Flame." Yet, as I told Mr. Fitzgerald, I simply could not recall where that came from, when I wrote it or why the name was misspelled... I testified that I did not believe the name came from Mr. Libby, in part because the notation does not appear in the same part of my notebook as the interview notes from him. A year and a half later, a jury would convict Libby of obstruction of justice and perjury in his grand jury testimony and making false statements to federal investigators about when and how he learned that Plame was a CIA agent.
In the 2010 film "Fair Game", concerning the Plame affair, the role of Libby was played by David Andrews.
Indictment and resignation.
On October 28, 2005, as a result of the CIA leak grand jury investigation, Special Counsel Fitzgerald indicted Libby on five counts: one count of obstruction of justice, two counts of making false statements when interviewed by agents of the FBI, and two counts of perjury in his testimony before the grand jury. Pursuant to the grand jury investigation, Libby had told FBI investigators that he first heard of Mrs. Wilson's CIA employment from Cheney, and then later heard it from journalist Tim Russert, and acted as if he did not have that information. The indictment alleges that statements to federal investigators and the grand jury were intentionally false, in that Libby had numerous conversations about Mrs. Wilson's CIA employment, including his conversations with Judith Miller (see above), before speaking to Russert; Russert did not tell Libby about Mrs. Wilson's CIA employment; prior to talking with such reporters, Libby knew with certainty that she was employed by the CIA; and Libby told reporters that she worked for the CIA without making any disclaimer that he was uncertain of that fact. The false statements counts in the Libby indictment charge that he intentionally made those false statements to the FBI; the perjury counts charge that he intentionally lied to the grand jury in repeating those false statements; and the obstruction of justice count charges that Libby intentionally made those false statements in order to mislead the grand jury, thus impeding Fitzgerald's grand jury investigation of the truth about the leaking of Mrs. Wilson's then-classified, covert CIA identity.
Trial, conviction, and sentencing.
On March 6, 2007, the jury convicted him on four of the five counts but acquitted him on count three, the second charge of making false statements when interviewed by federal agents about his conversations with "Time" reporter Matthew Cooper.
After being questioned by the FBI in the fall of 2003 and testifying before a Federal grand jury on March 5, 2004, and again on March 24, 2004, Libby pleaded not guilty to all five counts. According to the Associated Press, David Addington, Cheney's legal counsel, described a September 2003 meeting with Libby around the time that a criminal investigation began, saying that Libby had told him, I just want to tell you, I didn't do it'... I didn't ask what the 'it' was.
Libby retained attorney Ted Wells of the firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison to represent him. Wells had successfully defended former Secretary of Agriculture Mike Espy against a 30-count indictment and had also participated in the successful defense of former Secretary of Labor Raymond Donovan.
After Judge Reggie Walton denied Libby's motion to dismiss, the press initially reported that Libby would testify at the trial. Libby's criminal trial, "United States v. Libby", began on January 16, 2007. A parade of Pulitzer Prize winning journalists testified, including Bob Woodward, Walter Pincus and Glenn Kessler of "The Washington Post" and Judith Miller and David E. Sanger of The New York Times. Despite earlier press reports and widespread speculation, neither Libby nor Vice President Cheney testified. The jury began deliberations on February 21, 2007.
Verdict.
After deliberating for 10 days, the jury rendered its verdict on March 6, 2007. It convicted Libby on four of the five counts against him: two counts of perjury, one count of obstruction of justice in a grand jury investigation, and one of the two counts of making false statements to federal investigators.
Comment on the verdict by prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald.
Speaking to the media outside the courtroom after the verdict, Fitzgerald said that "The jury worked very long and hard and deliberated at length ... was obviously convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant had lied and obstructed justice in a serious manner... I do not expect to file any further charges." The trial confirmed that the leak came first from then-Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage; since Fitzgerald did not charge Armitage and did not charge anyone else, Libby's conviction effectively ended the investigation.
In his October 28, 2005 press conference about the grand jury's indictment, Fitzgerald had already explained that Libby's obstruction of justice through perjury and false statements had prevented the grand jury from determining whether the leak violated federal law.
During his media appearance outside the courtroom after the verdict in the Libby case, Fitzgerald fielded questions from the press about others involved in the Plame affair and in the CIA leak grand jury investigation, such as Armitage and Cheney, whom he had already described as under "a cloud", as already addressed in his conduct of the case and in his closing arguments in court.
Comment on the verdict by Libby's defense team.
After the verdict, initially, Libby's lawyers announced that he would seek a new trial, and that, if that attempt were to fail, they would appeal Libby's conviction. Libby did not speak to reporters. Libby's defense team eventually decided against seeking a new trial.
Sentencing.
Given current federal sentencing guidelines, which are not mandatory, the conviction could have resulted in a sentence ranging from no imprisonment to imprisonment of up to 25 years and a fine of $1,000,000; yet, as Sniffen and Apuzzo observe, "federal sentencing guidelines will probably prescribe far less." In practice, according to federal sentencing data, three-fourths of the 198 defendants found guilty of obstruction of justice in 2006 served jail time. The average length of jail time on this charge alone was 70 months.
On June 5, 2007, Judge Walton sentenced Libby to 30 months in prison and fined him $250,000. According to Apuzzo and Yost, the judge also "placed him on two years probation after his prison sentence expires. There is no parole in the federal system, but Libby would be eligible for release after two years." In addition, Judge Walton required Libby to provide "400 hours of community service" during his supervised release. On June 5, 2007, after the announcement of Libby's sentencing, "CNN News" reported that Libby still "plans to appeal the verdict".
That day, in response to the sentencing, Vice President Cheney issued a statement in Libby's defense on The White House website. The statement concluded: "Speaking as friends, we hope that our system will return a final result consistent with what we know of this fine man."
Prior to the sentencing, along with Natan Sharansky, as cited earlier, 173 others had sent Walton letters "pleadfor leniency" for Libby.
Joseph and Valerie Wilson posted their statement on Libby's sentencing in "United States v. Libby" on their website.
Order to report to prison pending appeal of verdict.
After the June 5 sentencing, Walton said he was inclined to jail Libby after the defense laid out its proposed appeal, but the judge told attorneys he was open to changing his mind"; however, on June 14, 2007, Walton ordered Libby to report to prison while his attorneys appealed the conviction. Libby's attorneys asked that the order be stayed, but Walton denied the request and told Libby that he would have 10 days to appeal the ruling. In denying Libby's request, which had questioned Fitzgerald's authority to make the charges in the first place, Walton supported Fitzgerald's authority in the case. He said: "Everyone is accountable, and if you work in the White House, and if it's perceived that somehow (you're) linked at the hip, the American public would have serious questions about the fairness of any investigation of a high-level official conducted by the attorney general." The judge was also responding to an Amicus curiae brief that he had permitted to be filed, which had not apparently convinced him to change his mind, as he subsequently denied Libby bail during his appeal. His "order grantthe [legal academic scholars permission to file their brief..." contained a caustic footnote questioning the motivation of the legal academics and suggesting he might not give a great deal of weight to their opinion[:] ... It is an impressive show of public service when twelve prominent and distinguished current and former law professors are able to amass their collective wisdom in the course of only several days to provide their legal expertise to the court on behalf of a criminal defendant. The Court trusts that this is a reflection of these eminent academics' willingness in the future to step to the plate and provide like assistance in cases involving any of the numerous litigants, both in this Court and throughout the courts of this nation, who lack the financial means to fully and properly articulate the merits of their legal positions even in instances where failure to do so could result in monetary penalties, incarceration, or worse. The Court will certainly not hesitate to call for such assistance from these luminaries, as necessary in the interests of justice and equity, whenever similar questions arise in the cases that come before it." Moreover, when the hearing started, "in the interest of full disclosure," Walton informed the court that he had "received a number of harassing, angry and mean-spirited phone calls and messages. Some wishing bad things on me and my family... types of things will have no impact... I initially threw them away, but then there were more, some that were more hateful... [They are being kept."
"New York Times" reporters Neil Lewis and David Stout estimated subsequently that Libby's prison sentence could begin within "two months", explaining that Judge Walton’s decision means that the defense lawyers will probably ask a federal appeals court to block the sentence, a long-shot move. It also sharpens interest in a question being asked by Mr. Libby’s supporters and critics alike: Will President Bush pardon Mr. Libby? ... So far, the president has expressed sympathy for Mr. Libby and his family but has not tipped his hand on the pardon issue. ... If the president does not pardon him, and if an appeals court refuses to second-guess Judge Walton’s decision, Mr. Libby will probably be ordered to report to prison in six to eight weeks' time. Federal prison authorities will decide where. "Unless the Court of Appeals overturns my ruling, he will have to report", Judge Walton said.
Failure of Libby's appeal in order to begin prison sentence.
On June 20, 2007, Libby appealed Walton's ruling in federal appeals court. The following day, Walton filed a 30-page expanded ruling, in which he explained his decision to deny Libby bail in more detail.
On July 2, 2007, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit denied Libby's request for a delay and release from his prison sentence, stating that Libby "has not shown that the appeal raises a substantial question under federal law that would merit letting him remain free," increasing "pressure on President George W. Bush to decide soon whether to pardon Libby... as the former White House official's supporters have urged."
Presidential commutation.
Soon after the verdict, calls for Libby to be pardoned by President George W. Bush began to appear in some newspapers; some of them were posted online by the Libby Legal Defense Trust (LLDT). U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid issued a press release about the verdict, urging Bush to pledge not to pardon Libby, and other Democratic politicians followed his lead.
Surveying "the pardon battle" and citing both pro and con publications, "The Washington Post" online columnist Dan Froomkin concludes that many U.S. newspapers opposed a presidential pardon for Libby. Much of this commentary obscured the fact that the clemency power provided the President with several options short of a full, unconditional pardon. In an op-ed published in "The Washington Post", former federal prosecutor and conservative activist William Otis argued the sentence was too stringent and that, instead of pardoning Libby, Bush should commute his sentence.
After the sentencing, Bush stated on camera that he would "not intervene until Libby's legal team has exhausted all of its avenues of appeal ... It wouldn't be appropriate for me to discuss the case until after the legal remedies have run its course." Ultimately, less than a month later, on July 2, 2007, Bush chose Otis's 'third option' — "neither prison nor pardon" — in commuting Libby's prison sentence.
After Libby was denied bail during his appeal process on July 2, 2007, Bush commuted Libby's 30-month federal prison sentence, calling it "excessive", but he did not change the other parts of the sentence and their conditions. That presidential commutation left in place the felony conviction, the $250,000 fine, and the terms of probation. Some have criticized the move, as presidential commutations are rarely issued, but when granted they have generally occurred after the convicted person has already served a substantial portion of his or her sentence: "We can't find any cases, certainly in the last half-century, where the president commuted a sentence before it had even started to be served," said former Justice Department pardon attorney Margaret Colgate Love. Others, notably Cheney himself who argued that Libby was unfairly charged by a politically motivated prosecution, believed that the commutation fell short, as Libby would likely never practice law again.
At the time, Bush explained his "Grant of Executive Clemency" to Libby, in part, as follows:
Bush's explanation was written by Fred F. Fielding, White House Counsel during the last two years of Bush's presidency. According to a "Time Magazine" article published six months after Bush left office, Fielding worded the commutation "in a way that would make it harder for Bush to revisit it in the future...; language was intended to send an unmistakable message, internally as well as externally: No one is above the law." The article suggested that there was a fundamental difference between how Bush and Cheney viewed the "War on Terror", with aides close to Bush feeling that Cheney had misled the President and damaged the administration's moral character with the Plame leak.
Libby's lawyer, Theodore V. Wells, Jr. "issued a brief statement saying Mr. Libby and his family 'wished to express their gratitude for the president's decision... We continue to believe in Mr. Libby’s innocence'..."
Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald, however, took issue with Bush's description of the sentence as 'excessive', saying it was "pursuant to the laws governing sentencings which occur every day throughout this country... It is fundamental to the rule of law that all citizens stand before the bar of justice as equals... [That principle guided the judge during both the trial and the sentencing," Fitzgerald said.
The day after the commuting of Libby's sentence, James Rowley (Bloomberg News) reported that Bush had not ruled out pardoning Libby in the future and that Bush's press spokesman, Tony Snow, denied any political motivation in the commutation. Quoting Snow, Rowley added: The president is getting pounded on the right because he didn't do a full pardon.' If Bush were 'doing the weather-vane thing' he 'would have done something differently.
Democratic politicians' responses stressed their outrage at what they called a disgraceful abrogation of justice, and, that evening CNN reported that Representative John Conyers, Jr., Democrat of Michigan, announced that there would be a formal Congressional investigation of Bush's commutation of Libby's sentence and other presidential reprieves.
The hearing on "The Use and Misuse of Presidential Clemency Power for Executive Branch Officials" was held by the United States House Judiciary Committee, chaired by Rep. Conyers, on July 11, 2007.
In his public statement accompanying his executive clemency proclamation, Bush stated that he believes the sentence "harsh ... based in part on allegations never presented to the jury," that "reputation [Libby gained through his years of public service and professional work in the legal community is forever damaged," and that " consequences of his felony conviction on his former life as a lawyer, public servant, and private citizen will be long-lasting." Libby paid the required fine of "$250,400, which included a 'special assessment' of costs" that same day.
Just a few days later, however, Judge Walton questioned "whether ... will face two years of probation, as [President Bush said he would," because the supervised release time is conditioned on Libby's serving the prison sentence, and he "directed the special prosecutor, Patrick J. Fitzgerald, and ... lawyers to file arguments on the point..." "If Judge Walton does not impose any supervised release, it could undercut ... [Bush's argument that ... Libby still faced stiff justice." That issue was resolved on July 10, 2007, clearing the way for Libby to begin serving the rest of his sentence, the supervised release and 400 hours of community service.
In response to Bush's justifications for clemency, liberal commentator Harlan J. Protass noted that in "Rita v. United States", the case of a defendant convicted of perjury in front of a grand jury which had been decided two weeks earlier by the U.S. Supreme Court, the U.S. government had successfully argued that sentences that fall within Federal Sentencing Guidelines are presumed to be "reasonable", regardless of individual circumstances.
Reportedly outraged by Bush's commutation of Libby's prison sentence, on July 2, 2007, Wilson told CNN: "I have nothing to say to Scooter Libby... I don't owe this administration. They owe my wife and my family an apology for having betrayed her. Scooter Libby is a traitor. Bush's action ... demonstrates that the White House is corrupt from top to bottom." He reiterated this perspective on the commutation in the House Judiciary Committee hearing on July 11, 2007, vehemently protesting that a Republican congressman was engaging in "yet a further smear of my wife's good name and my good name."
According to a "USA Today"/Gallup Poll conducted from July 6 to July 8, 2007, "most Americans disagree with President George W. Bush's decision to intervene" on Libby's behalf in the case.
Several months after Bush's action, Judge Walton commented publicly on it. He spoke in favor of applying the law equally, stating: "The downside the commutation is there are a lot of people in America who think that justice is determined to a large degree by who you are and that what you have plays a large role in what kind of justice you receive..."
Bush took no further action with respect to Libby's conviction or sentence during his presidential term, despite entreaties from conservatives that he should be pardoned. Two days after their term expired, former Vice President Cheney expressed his regret that Bush had not pardoned Libby on his last day in office.
Press coverage of Libby's trial.
Blogs played a prominent role in the press coverage of Libby's trial. Scott Shane, in his article "For Liberal Bloggers, Libby Trial Is Fun and Fodder", published in "The New York Times" on February 15, 2007, quotes Robert Cox, president of the Media Bloggers Association, who wrote that the trial was "the first federal case for which independent bloggers have been given official credentials along with reporters from the traditional news media." The trial was followed in the mass media and engaged the interest of both professional legal experts and the general public. While awaiting the judge's ruling pertaining to supervised release and the "400 hours of community service that Judge Walton imposed", for example, bloggers discussed the legal issues involved in these non-commuted parts of Libby's sentence and their effects on Libby's future life experiences.
Criticism of investigation.
On August 28, 2006, Christopher Hitchens asserted that Richard Armitage was the primary source of the Valerie Plame leak and that Fitzgerald knew this at the beginning of his investigation. This was supported a month later by Armitage himself, who stated that Fitzgerald had instructed him not to go public with this information. "Investor's Business Daily" questioned Fitzgerald's truthfulness in an editorial, stating "From top to bottom, this has been one of the most disgraceful abuses of prosecutorial power in this country's history...The Plame case proves can bend the truth with the proficiency of the slickest of pols."
In September 2008, attorney Alan Dershowitz cited the "questionable investigationof Scooter Libby as evidence of the problems brought to the criminal justice process by "politically appointed and partisan attorney[s general".
The Wilsons' civil suit.
On July 13, 2006, Joseph and Valerie Wilson filed a civil lawsuit against Libby, Dick Cheney, Karl Rove, and other unnamed senior White House officials (among whom they later added Richard Armitage) for their role in the public disclosure of Valerie Wilson's classified CIA status. Judge John D. Bates dismissed the Wilsons' lawsuit on jurisdictional grounds on July 19, 2007. The Wilsons appealed Bates's district-court decision the next day. Agreeing with the Bush administration, the Obama Justice Department argues the Wilsons have no legitimate grounds to sue. Melanie Sloan, one of the Wilsons' attorneys, said: "We are deeply disappointed that the Obama administration has failed to recognize the grievous harm top Bush White House officials inflicted on Joe and Valerie Wilson. The government’s position cannot be reconciled with President Obama's oft-stated commitment to once again make government officials accountable for their actions."
On June 21, 2009, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal.
Life after Conviction.
Libby's voting rights were restored in 2013 by Virginia governor Bob McDonnell.

</doc>
<doc id="9910443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910443" title="Likiep Airport">
Likiep Airport

Likiep Airport is a public use airport at Likiep on Likiep Atoll, Marshall Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9910451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910451" title="Azm Palace">
Azm Palace

Azm Palace () is a palace in Damascus, Syria which was originally built in 1750 as a residence for the Ottoman governor of Damascus As'ad Pasha al-Azm. The palace now houses the Museum of Arts and Popular Traditions.
Architecture.
The architecture is an excellent example of Damascene traditional houses. The structure itself consists of several buildings and two wings: the "harem" and the "selamlik". The harem is the family wing, which was a private space for the residents (originally, the Azm family). This wing includes the kitchen, servant quarters, and the baths, which are a replica of the public baths in the city but on a smaller scale. The salamlik is the guest wing, and it comprises the formal halls, reception areas and large courtyards with traditional cascading fountains.
Used in the building of this palace were several types of stones including limestone, sandstone, basalt, and marble, chosen to provide a natural decoration for the structure. The ceilings have painted wooden panels that display natural scenes. In fact, Dr.Andrew Petersen, Director of Research in Islamic Archaeology at the University of Wales Lampeter states that the use of Ablaq (alternating courses of white limestone and black basalt) in this building is “A characteristic of the monumental masonry of Damascus.”
In 1925, the Azm palace was heavily damaged by French artillery during the Syrian revolution. It has since been restored and became a museum of arts and folk traditions. It received the Aga Khan Award for Architecture in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9910454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910454" title="Bushra Farrukh">
Bushra Farrukh

Bushra Farrukh (born 16 February 1957), is a Pakistani poet. She was born in Peshawar. She is one of the female Urdu poets of Pakistan. She has served Pakistan Television and Radio Pakistan as an announcer.She is the artist of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa who has performed in four different languages Urdu, Pashto, Hindko and English at television and radio. Bushra Farrukh has performed many radio and television programs. All her programs have been enjoyed especially among the youth.
Bushra Farrukh is a poet of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and her three poetry collections have been published.
Professional career.
Served PTV Peshawar Center as an announcer for 10-year and worked as a drama artist for 35 years.
Served Radio Pakistan as an announcer, Compare and a drama artist for 35 years.
Served Women writer's forum for 3 years as General Secretary and 1-year as its Chief Organizer.
Served Business Women Association for 2-year as Public Relations Officer, Institute Of Computer Management Sciences (ICMS).
Served Institute of Computer Management Sciences Hayatabad Peshawar for 1-year as the in charge literary wing ICMS.

</doc>
<doc id="9910458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910458" title="Benna Moe">
Benna Moe

Benna Olufine Charlotte Moe (1897-12-15 - 1983-12-27) was a Danish composer and musician.
She was an organ soloist, but also a pianist and singer. She composed music for orchestra, chamber music and organ music. Most known among her works is the ballet "Hybris", première in Copenhagen 1930. Her compositions, "Hymn of Praise" (4th movement of "Alpine Suite"), "Shepherds’ Flutes" (2nd movement of "Alpine Suite") and "Cantilena" have been used at royal weddings.
Her last major performance was in Sweden, when she was 84 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9910476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910476" title="James Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam">
James Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam

James Walter Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam (26 September 1775 – 17 November 1845), styled Lord Dunboyne from 1775 until 1808 and known as Viscount Grimston from 1808 to 1815, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.
Background.
Grimston was the son of James Grimston, 3rd Viscount Grimston, and Harriot Walter.
Political career.
In 1802 Grimston was elected to the House of Commons for St Albans, a seat he held until 1808, when he succeeded his father as fourth Viscount Grimston and second Baron Verulam and entered the House of Lords. The latter year he also succeeded his maternal cousin as tenth Lord Forrester. In 1815 Verulam was created Viscount Grimston and Earl of Verulam in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. He later held the honorary post of Lord Lieutenant of Hertfordshire from 1823 to 1845.
Family.
Lord Verulam married Lady Charlotte Jenkinson, daughter of Charles Jenkinson, 1st Earl of Liverpool, in 1807. They had six sons and four daughters:
Lord Verulam died in November 1845, aged 70, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son James. Lady Verulam died in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="9910477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910477" title="Le Mat Trophy">
Le Mat Trophy

The Le Mat Trophy () is the trophy awarded to Swedish champions in ice hockey, which since 1975 has been the winners of the SHL playoffs.
The Le Mat is the oldest trophy competed for by professional athletes in Sweden. The trophy was donated by the founding father of ice hockey in Sweden, Raoul Le Mat, and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. in 1926. Since then, the silver cup has been modified and features now a lid with two crossed ice hockey sticks and an oak base. The cup is 20.5 inches (52 cm) high and weighs 118 ounces (3.34 kg).
The cup used today is a copy of the original trophy due to the theft of the original in the beginning of the 1950s. The current cup is an exact copy of the original and was made by "Juvelerare Markström" in Uppsala, Sweden, right after the theft.

</doc>
<doc id="9910487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910487" title="Suzy Mandel">
Suzy Mandel

Suzy Mandel (born 6 March 1953) is the stage name of an ex-actress and model best known for her roles in such 1970s British sex comedies as "Confessions of a Driving Instructor" (1976), "Come Play with Me" (1977), and "The Playbirds" (1978), and for her appearances on the Benny Hill Show.
Biography.
Born in London, Mandel grew up on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent and later in Essex at Epping, Woodford and Buckhurst Hill. She began her career as a coat model. Later, she worked modelling lingerie, winning such awards as ‘Miss Teenage London’, 'Miss Benson and Hedges’, and ‘Miss TV Times’ (broadcast on UK television on 14 June 1974 and presented by Hughie Green). Mandel's acting career in British sex comedies began in 1976, with her first film, "Intimate Games".
Benny Hill saw "Intimate Games", and this led him to cast Mandel on his eponymous show. She appears in multiple roles on two 1977 episodes of the series (broadcast in the UK 26/01/1977 and 23/03/1977)[http://www.runstop.de/bennysplace/bionic03.jpg[http://www.runstop.de/bennysplace/feast02.jpg]. Of Hill and Jackie Wright's famous ‘head slapping’ routine, she said "Jackie Wright was a chain smoker and he would often hide his cigarette in his mouth or behind his back during scenes. In fact, you could often see a little plume of smoke rising behind him if you looked close enough. Benny would slap his head to fan the smoke away.".
On the big screen she quickly became a favourite of both British sex film directors and audiences. Soon she was receiving equal billing with Mary Millington, the UK’s biggest sex symbol of the 1970s. Millington and Mandel's film, "Come Play With Me" still stands as one of the longest-running films in British film history, and ran continuously at the Moulin Cinema in London's West End from 1977 to 1981.
After the release of her final British sex film, "You're Driving Me Crazy", Mandel moved to Los Angeles where, in 1979, she attended the Lee Strasberg Institute for one year, studying acting and voice. She also studied with noted voice and dialect coach Robert Easton.
On 16 August 1981, Mandel married wealthy British film financer Stanley Margolis. Margolis had owned Tigon British Film Productions, the company that released some of her best-known British films, and that would later co-produce the 1993 film "True Romance".
Mandel continued acting, appearing in films like "The Private Eyes" (1981) and "Mistress of the Apes" (directed by B-film king Larry Buchanan), and on television shows like The Love Boat. She also appeared in the hardcore film "Blonde Ambition" (also known as "Can I Come Again"), which was shot in New York in 1977, but only released in 1980. "Blonde Ambition" saw Mandel cast as Sugar Cane, one half of a talentless duo of singers who become embroiled in the search for a missing brooch. Directed by the eccentric Amero Brothers, the role entailed Mandel to strip while ice-skating, impersonate a drag queen, play the tuba and perform in hardcore sex scenes. She used a body double for the last.
Mandel eventually moved behind the scenes, working on the horror comedy "Dead Men Don't Die" (1991) starring Elliott Gould as well as co-producing "Love Bites", starring Adam Ant, in 1993. She and Margolis divorced the following year. 
In 1996, Mandel revealed in the British newspaper "The People", that she had quit showbiz to work as a nurse caring for people dying from AIDS after several of her friends had died from the disease. “The stunning blonde, who often dressed as a saucy nurse, is now wearing a real nurse's uniform to care for dying patients” claimed the article. In 2006, she returned to producing, working with adult video director Jennifer James on a series entitled ‘Inside Erotica’. She was subsequently spotted at several adult industry socials [http://www.lukeford.net/profiles/profiles/suzy_mandel.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="9910491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910491" title="Holden FJ">
Holden FJ

The Holden FJ series is a range of motor vehicles which was produced in Australia by General Motors-Holden’s from 1953 to 1957. The FJ was the second model of an "all Australian car" manufactured by Holden and was based upon the established 48-215 series, commonly referred to as the “FX”. The sedan, in Standard, Business and Special trim levels, and a coupe utility were announced in October 1953 and were followed by a Panel van derivative in December of that year. A wagon prototype was built but the bodystyle was not put into production. In 1954, Holden's first exports began with sales of the FJ in New Zealand.
The FJ, of monocoque construction, broadly followed the silhouette of its predecessor, but featured a bolder horizontal styled front grille, along with comfort and decoration upgrades in a new sedan model named the 'Holden Special'. 
Originally specified as achieved at 3,800 rpm, the claimed maximum power output from the six-cylinder engine was increased to achieved at 4,000 rpm.
In 1955 the car underwent a mild interior facelift for the Holden Special sedan, along with a variation in paint and trim options. The FJ series was progressively replaced by models from the Holden FE series from July 1956 to May 1957 with a total of 169,969 examples produced. 
There are nearly 20 specific FX-FJ Holden Car Clubs of Australia with members committed to preserving these iconic Holdens. These clubs organise a national gathering for FX-FJ Holden enthusiasts every second year.
In popular culture.
In the 1976 Australian film, Oz, an FJ features as the pride and joy of the character Greaseball, the heartless mechanic. Its Victorian registration number plate is FJ-056 (white characters on black plate) and the car is dark blue. While he is bragging to his female passenger, Dorothy, about the modifications he made to the 138 cubic-inch engine, it expires in a cloud of smoke. Lifting the bonnet and peering into the smoke, Greaseball exclaims, "Jesus, it’s stuffed!".
In the 1980s Australian television drama series A Country Practice, Brendan and Molly Jones own an FJ. Its New South Wales registration number plate is DBV-862 (black characters on yellow plate) and the car is light grey.
Efijy concept car.
Holden paid homage to the FJ with a 21st-century version of the iconic car, the Efijy.

</doc>
<doc id="9910505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910505" title="Errol Lee">
Errol Lee

Errol Lee, the son of music producer Bunny Lee and singer Merlene Webber was born in Jamaica. Errol inherited his parents’ musical passion and talent. From an early age, Errol was immersed in the creative atmosphere of the world of music. Frequently, he would attend recording sessions and performances with his parents where he watched and learned from the pioneers of reggae music. He watched as his mother developed her singing career and his father produced albums for many talented reggae artists. As a little boy, Errol often could be found backstage mimicking the dance moves he saw and then inventing his own. His early exposure to the intricacies of the music business provided Errol with an extensive education in singing, dancing, recording, performing and producing.
Errol learned at an early age that his musical talents attracted a lot of attention and he was encouraged by the positive feedback he received. At a very young age, his brothers and cousins would take him to bars where he would sing and dance for money. He often could be found harmonizing with his mother, aunts and brothers as they entertained the neighbours from their veranda. At the age of twelve, his teacher asked Errol to write a Christmas song which he then performed on television and at his local school where he earned his first standing ovation. That was the beginning of his professional career.
Errol began to focus on exploring his musical talents in earnest when he was fifteen. When he was twenty-one, Errol performed on Much Music’s Electric Circus. This performance of “Don’t Be a Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde” caught the attention of record producers and he was offered an opportunity to go to England to negotiate a recording contract. Excited at the prospect of taking his music to another level, Errol met with producers only to discover that they wanted him to take his music and lyrics in a direction that he knew was wrong for him. He knew he had to follow his own path and stay true to what he knew was right for him. Errol would not compromise his values and beliefs for a record deal and so he moved back to Canada to pursue his music in his own way.
Back in Canada, Errol found his niche as he began to involve himself in community service. Volunteering his time with various organizations, Errol realized that he could use his music to make an impact on the lives of many young people who desperately needed positive role models in their lives. Errol knew that through his music, he could promote the importance of character development. Lyrically, he knew it was possible to appeal to youth without resorting to gratuitous violence, profanity and promiscuity.
Today as a successful singer, dancer, recording artist, performer and motivational speaker, Errol’s positive message is reaching thousands of people of all ages in elementary, secondary and private schools, youth groups, camps, YMCAs, O.P.P. and local police leadership conferences and corporations. He seamlessly interweaves singing, dancing and a motivational message into a comprehensive character-building presentation. Errol’s unique performance style transcends the “cool barrier” captivating and inspiring audiences of all ages. Errol’s music and his positive message are especially meaningful in a world where there is so much negativity, violence, sadness and pain. Not only does he sing about honesty, empathy, respect and optimism, he lives his life that way. Errol’s unique talents and optimism set him apart from any other performer. It is his hope that his message will have a positive impact on those who experience an Errol Lee performance.
In the future, Errol plans to expand his school programs, continue to develop long-term relationships with schools and communities, continue to be a good-will ambassador for World Vision and Peaceful Schools International, promote safe and peaceful communities, continue to develop resources for educators to use to teach and reinforce the concepts of character development and to continue to grow as an artist and to bring a positive influence to the R&B, reggae and hip hop culture. Errol Lee lives in Richmond Hill with his wife Anne Marie and their four children.
On December 15, 2008, he performed for local children in the York Region Area.

</doc>
<doc id="9910506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910506" title="Mount Shari">
Mount Shari

Naming.
Its former name in the Ainu language was Onnenupuri. The name "Shari" in Ainu means "marshes where reeds are growing". It is also known by the names or .
Geology.
The mountain is made mainly of andesite, dacite, and basalt.
Climbing routes.
The most popular ascent route starts from the Kiyosato side. A public bus (Sharibus) runs three times a day (first at 6:30) from Shiretokoshari Station to the start of the trail. 

</doc>
<doc id="9910514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910514" title="Abe Okpik">
Abe Okpik

Abe "Abraham" Okpik, CM (12 January 1928 – 10 July 1997) was an Inuit community leader in Canada. He was instrumental in helping Inuit obtain surnames rather than disc numbers. He was also the first Inuk to sit on what is now the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories and worked with Thomas Berger.
Early life.
Okpik (the name means "Snowy Owl" in Inuvialuktun), an Inuvialuit, was born in the Mackenzie Delta area of the Northwest Territories, near Aklavik at a summer fishing camp. As a youth he, like many other Aboriginal people, contracted tuberculosis and was sent to the Charles Camsell Hospital in Edmonton. Although he was permanently injured by his dog sled he was still able to hunt and trap.
1960s.
By the 1960s, Okpik was living in what was then called Frobisher Bay, now Iqaluit. He was working at Apex, the subdivision where most Inuit lived in the town's early days, at the rehabilitation centre. He was later to work for Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development (DIAND) as an administrator.
In 1965 Okpik was appointed to the Northwest Territories Council (5th Northwest Territories Legislative Council). At that time most of the council were from Ottawa. Okpik's role on the council was to serve as a representative for the Inuit population resident in the eastern arctic. He was not re-appointed to council after Simonie Michael was elected to the council in the 1967 general election. The government of Canada felt that Michael would serve Okpik's intended role and gave his seat to Chief John Tetlichi the first status Indian to serve on council.
Project Surname.
Since the 1940s the Government of Canada had used "disc numbers" to identify Inuit due to the lack of need in historical times for surnames. In the mid 60s the Northwest Territories Council undertook to replace the disc numbers with last names under "Project Surname". Okpik, whose disc number was "W3-554", was picked to head the project. From 1968 until 1971 he visited every community, as well as many traditional campsites, in the Northwest Territories, what is now Nunavut and Nunavik in northern Quebec. At each place Okpik would record the names, sometimes first as well, that people wanted and would sometimes have to explain the necessity for the names.
The Berger Commission.
In 1974 the Government of Canada commissioned Thomas Berger to head the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline Inquiry. The inquiry lasted longer and travelled further than was expected, through 35 northern communities, and Okpik accompanied Berger as both an interpreter and broadcaster.
Order of Canada.
In recognition of Okpik's work with the "Berger Commission", on the NWT Council and for "Project Surname" he was made a "Member of the Order of Canada". The appointment was made 15 December 1976 with the investiture 20 April 1977.
Later life and death.
In 1979 he returned to Iqaluit but had spent time on Banks Island and in Spence Bay, now Taloyoak.
Okpik spent the rest of his life in Iqaluit and was an elected member of the town council on several occasions. He also served on several volunteer organisations and committees. Okpik died in Iqaluit 10 July 1997 after an illness and his funeral service was held in St. Jude's Cathedral 15 July.
The "Abe Okpik Hall" in Apex is named for him. The former mayor of Iqaluit, Jimmy Kilabuk, had a mural painted on the side of his home in 1998 that included Okpik.

</doc>
<doc id="9910523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910523" title="Maine Department of Education">
Maine Department of Education

Maine Department of Education is the state department of education in the U.S. state of Maine. It is headquartered in the Burton Cross State Office Building in Augusta.
The Maine Department of Education is responsible for Maine's public education.

</doc>
<doc id="9910525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910525" title="LED lamp">
LED lamp

An LED lamp is a light-emitting diode (LED) product that is assembled into a "lamp" (or "light bulb") for use in lighting fixtures. LED lamps have a lifespan and electrical efficiency that is several times better than incandescent lamps, and significantly better than most fluorescent lamps, with some chips able to emit more than 100 lumens per watt. The LED lamp market is projected to grow more than 12-fold over the next decade, from $2 billion in the beginning of 2014 to $25 billion in 2023, which is a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 25%.
Like incandescent lamps and unlike most fluorescent lamps (e.g. tubes and compact fluorescent lamp (CFL)), LED lights come to full brightness without need for a warm-up time; the life of fluorescent lighting is also reduced by frequent switching on and off. Initial cost of LED is usually higher. Degradation of LED dye and packaging materials reduces light output to some extent over time.
With research into organic LEDs (OLED) and polymer LEDs (PLED), cost per lumen and output per device have been improving rapidly according to what has been called Haitz's law, analogous to Moore's law for semiconductor devices.
Some LED lamps are made to be a directly compatible drop-in replacement for incandescent or fluorescent lamps. An LED lamp packaging may show the lumen output, power consumption in watts, color temperature in kelvins or description (e.g. "warm white") and sometimes the equivalent wattage of an incandescent lamp of similar luminous output.
LEDs do not emit light in all directions, and their directional characteristics affect the design of lamps. The light output of single LEDs is less than that of incandescent and compact fluorescent lamps; in most applications multiple LEDs are used to form a lamp, although high-power versions (see below) are becoming available.
LED chips need controlled direct current (DC) electrical power; an appropriate power supply is needed. LEDs are adversely affected by high temperature, so LED lamps typically include heat dissipation elements such as heat sinks and cooling fins.
Technology overview.
General-purpose lighting needs white light. LEDs emit light in a very narrow band of wavelengths, emitting light of a color characteristic of the energy bandgap of the semiconductor material used to make the LED. To emit white light from LEDs requires either mixing light from red, green, and blue LEDs, or using a phosphor to convert some of the light to other colors.
One method (RGB or trichromatic white LEDs) uses multiple LED chips, each emitting a different wavelength, in close proximity to generate white light. This allows the intensity of each LED to be adjusted to change the overall color.
The second method uses LEDs in conjunction with a phosphor. The CRI (color rendering index) value can range from less than 70 to over 90, and color temperatures in the range of 2700 K (matching incandescent lamps) up to 7000 K are available.
Application.
A significant difference from other light sources is that the light is more directional, i.e., emitted as a narrower beam.
LED lamps are used for both general and special-purpose lighting. Where colored light is needed, LEDs that inherently emit light of a single color require no energy-absorbing filters.
White-light LED lamps have longer life expectancy and higher efficiency (more light for the same electricity) than most other lighting. LED sources are compact, which gives flexibility in designing lighting fixtures and good control over the distribution of light with small reflectors or lenses. Because of the small size of LEDs, control of the spatial distribution of illumination is extremely flexible, and the light output and spatial distribution of an LED array can be controlled with no efficiency loss.
LEDs using the color-mixing principle can emit a wide range of colors by changing the proportions of light generated in each primary color. This allows full color mixing in lamps with LEDs of different colors. Unlike other lighting technologies, LED emission tends to be directional (or at least lambertian), which can be either advantageous or disadvantageous, depending on requirements. For applications where non-directional light is required, either a diffuser is used, or multiple individual LED emitters are used to emit in different directions.
Household LED lamps.
Replacement for existing lighting.
Lamp sizes and bases.
LED lamps are made that replace screw-in incandescent or compact fluorescent light bulbs, mostly replacing incandescent bulbs rated from 5 to 60 watts. Such lamps are made with standard light bulb connections and shapes, such as an Edison screw base, an MR16 shape with a bi-pin base, or a GU5.3 (bi-pin cap) or GU10 (bayonet fitting) and are made compatible with the voltage supplied to the sockets. They include circuitry to rectify the AC power and convert the voltage to an appropriate value.
Some models of LED bulbs are compatible with dimmers as used for incandescent lamps. LED lamps often have directional light characteristics. The lamps have declined in cost to between US$10 to $50 each . These bulbs are more power-efficient than compact fluorescent bulbs and offer lifespans of 30,000 or more hours, reduced if operated at a higher temperature than specified. Incandescent bulbs have a typical life of 1,000 hours, and compact fluorescents about 8,000 hours. The bulbs maintain output light intensity well over their lifetimes. Energy Star specifications require the bulbs to typically drop less than 10% after 6,000 or more hours of operation, and in the worst case not more than 15%. LED lamps are available with a variety of color properties. The purchase price is higher than most other, but the higher efficiency may make total cost of ownership (purchase price plus cost of electricity and changing bulbs) lower.
Several companies offer LED lamps for general lighting purposes. The technology is improving rapidly and new energy-efficient consumer LED lamps are available.
LED lamps are close to being adopted as the mainstream light source because of the falling prices and because 40 and 60 watt incandescent bulbs are being phased out. In the U.S. the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 effectively bans the manufacturing and importing of most current incandescent light bulbs. LED bulbs have decreased substantially in pricing and many varieties are sold with subsidized prices from local utilities. At some Wal-Mart locations prices for LED bulbs have been under $1.
LED tube lamps.
LED tube lights are designed to physically fit in fixtures intended for fluorescent tubes. Some LED tube lamps are intended to be a drop-in replacement into existing fixtures. Others require rewiring of the fixtures to remove the ballast. An LED tube lamp generally uses many individual LEDs and may be directional. Fluorescent lamps emit light all the way around the lamp. Most LED tube lights available can be used in place of T8, T10, or T12 tube designations, in lengths of 2, 4, and 8 feet.
Lighting designed for LEDs.
Newer light fittings designed for LED lamps, or indeed with long-lived LEDs built-in, have been coming into use as the need for compatibility with existing fittings diminishes. Such lighting does not require each bulb to contain circuitry to operate from mains voltage.
Specialty uses.
White LED lamps have achieved market dominance in applications where high efficiency is important at low power levels. Some of these applications include flashlights, solar-powered garden or walkway lights, and bicycle lights. Monochromatic (colored) LED lamps are now commercially used for traffic signal lamps, where the ability to emit bright monochromatic light is a desired feature, and in strings of holiday lights.
Examples of Commercial and Industrial use.
In 2008 Sentry Equipment Corporation in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin, USA, was able to light its new factory interior and exterior almost solely with LEDs. Initial cost was three times more than a traditional mix of incandescent and fluorescent lamps, but the extra cost was recovered within two years via electricity savings, and the lamps should not need replacing for 20 years. In 2009 the Manapakkam, Chennai office of the Indian IT company, iGate, spent () to light of office space with LEDs. The firm expected the new lighting to pay for itself fully within 5 years.
In 2009 the exceptionally large Christmas tree standing in front of the Turku Cathedral in Finland was hung with 710 LED bulbs, each using 2 watts. It has been calculated that these LED lamps paid for themselves in three and a half years, even though the lights run for only 48 days per year.
In 2009 a new highway (A29) was inaugurated in Aveiro, Portugal, it included the first European public LED-based lighting highway.
By 2010 mass installations of LED lighting for commercial and public uses were becoming common. LED lamps have also been used for a number of demonstration projects for outdoor lighting and LED street lights. The United States Department of Energy has available several reports on the results of many pilot projects for municipal outdoor lighting. Many additional streetlight and municipal outdoor lighting projects have been announced.
Comparison to other lighting technologies.
"See luminous efficacy for an efficiency chart comparing various technologies."
In keeping with the long life claimed for LED lamps, long warranties are offered. One manufacturer warrants lamps for professional use, depending upon type, for periods of (defined) "normal use" ranging from 1 year or 2,000 hours (whichever comes first) to 5 years or 20,000 hours. A typical domestic lamp is stated to have an "average life" of 15,000 hours (15 years at 3 hours/day), and to support 50,000 switch cycles.
Research and development.
US Department of Energy.
The Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) of 2007 authorized the Department of Energy (DOE) to establish the Bright Tomorrow Lighting Prize competition, known as the "L Prize", the first government-sponsored technology competition designed to challenge industry to develop replacement for the most commonly used and inefficient products, the 60 W incandescent lamps and PAR 38 halogen lamps.
The EISA legislation establishes basic requirements and prize amounts for each of the two competition categories, and authorizes up to $20 million in cash prizes. The competition may also lead to opportunities for federal purchasing agreements, utility programs, and other incentives for winning products.
In May 2008, DOE announced details of the competition and technical requirements for each category. Lighting products meeting the competition requirements would use just 17% of the energy used by most incandescent lamps in use today. A future L Prize program announcement will call for developing a new “21st Century Lamp”, as authorized in the legislation.
On September 24, 2009 the DOE announced that Philips Lighting North America was the first to submit lamps in the category to replace the standard 60 W A-19 "Edison screw fixture" light bulb, with a design based on their earlier "AmbientLED" consumer product. On August 3, 2011, DOE awarded the prize in the 60 W replacement category to Philips' bulb after 18 months of extensive testing.
National Institute of Standards and Technology.
In June 2008, NIST announced the first two standards for solid-state lighting in the United States. These standards detail performance specifications for LED light sources and prescribe test methods for solid-state lighting products.
The Illuminating Engineering Society of North America (IESNA) published a documentary standard LM-79, which describes the methods for testing solid-state lighting products for their light output (lumens), efficacy (lumens per watt) and chromaticity.
The solid-state lights being studied are intended for general illumination, but white lights used today vary greatly in chromaticity. ANSI C78.377-2008 specifies the recommended color ranges for solid-state lighting products using cool to warm white LEDs with various correlated color temperatures.
DOE launched the Energy Star program for solid-state lighting products in 2008.
Environmental Protection Agency.
In the United States and Canada, the Energy Star program since 2008 labels lamps that meet a set of standards for starting time, life expectancy, color, and consistency of performance. The intent of the program is to reduce consumer concerns due to variable quality of products, by providing transparency and standards for the labeling and usability of products available in the market. Energy Star Light Bulbs for Consumers is a resource for finding and comparing Energy Star qualified lamps.
Other venues.
In the United Kingdom a program is run by the Energy Saving Trust to identify lighting products that meet energy conservation and performance guidelines.
Philips Lighting has ceased research on compact fluorescents, and is devoting the bulk of its research and development budget, 5 percent of the company's global lighting revenue, to solid-state lighting.
In January 2009, it was reported that researchers at Cambridge University had developed an LED bulb that costs £2 (about $3 U.S.), is 12 times as energy efficient as a tungsten bulb, and lasts for 100,000 hours.
Honeywell Electrical Devices and Systems (ED&S) recommend world wide usage of LED lighting as it is energy efficient and can help save the climate.
Energy Star qualification.
Energy Star is an international standard for energy efficient consumer products. Devices carrying the Energy Star service mark generally use 20–30% less energy than required by federal standards.
Energy Star LED qualifications:
To qualify for Energy Star certification, LED lighting products must pass a variety of tests to prove that the products will display the following characteristics:
Limitations.
Color rendition is not identical to incandescent lamps. A measurement unit called CRI is used to express how the light source's ability to render the eight color sample chips compare to a reference on a scale from 0 to 100. LEDs with CRI below 75 are not recommended for use in indoor lighting.
LED efficiency and life span drop at higher temperatures, which limits the power that can be used in lamps that physically replace existing filament and compact fluorescent types. Thermal management of high-power LEDs is a significant factor in design of solid state lighting equipment.
LED lamps are sensitive to excessive heat, like most solid state electronic components. LED lamps should be checked for compatibility for use in totally enclosed fixtures before installation since heat build-up could cause lamp failure and/or fire.
LED lamps may flicker. The extent of flicker is based on the quality of the DC power supply built into the lamp structure, usually located in the lamp base.
Depending on the design of the lamp, the LED lamp may be sensitive to electrical surges. This is generally not an issue with incandescents, but can be an issue with LED and compact fluorescent bulbs. Power circuits that supply LED lamps should be protected from electrical surges through the use of surge protection devices.
The long life of LEDs, expected to be about 50 times that of the most common incandescent bulbs and significantly longer than fluorescent types, is advantageous for users but will affect manufacturers as it reduces the market for replacements in the distant future.
Efficiency droop.
The term "efficiency droop" refers to the decrease in luminous efficacy of LEDs as the electrical current increases above tens of milliamps (mA). Instead of increasing current levels, luminance is usually increased by combining multiple LEDs in one bulb. Solving the problem of efficiency droop would mean that household LED light bulbs would need fewer LEDs, which would significantly reduce costs.
In addition to being less efficient, operating LEDs at higher electrical currents create higher heat levels which compromise the lifetime of the LED. Because of this increased heating at higher currents, high-brightness LEDs have an industry standard of operating at only 350 mA. 350 mA is a good compromise between light output, efficiency, and longevity.
Early suspicions were that the LED droop was caused by elevated temperatures. Scientists proved the opposite to be true that, although the life of the LED would be shortened, elevated temperatures actually improved the efficiency of the LED. The mechanism causing efficiency droop was identified in 2007 as Auger recombination, which was taken with mixed reaction. In 2013, a study conclusively identified Auger recombination as the cause of efficiency droop.
Possible hazard to vision.
Tests (in vitro) performed at the Complutense University of Madrid indicate that prolonged exposure to the shorter blue band spectrum LED lights may permanently damage the pigment epithelial cells of the retina. The test conditions were the equivalent of staring at a 100 watt blue incandescent source from for 12 hours; researchers say additional testing is required to ascertain what intensities, wavelengths, and exposure times of LED lighting devices are lethal and non-lethal for retinal tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="9910535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910535" title="Chandrika (newspaper)">
Chandrika (newspaper)

Chandrika is a Malayalam newspaper run by the Muslim printing and publishing company, Kerala. It is published from Kozhikode, Kannur, Malappuram, Kochi, Trivandrum, Doha, Dubai, Riyadh, Bahrain, and Jeddah and was the first attempt to have a newspaper from Malabar Muslims to support the political party. It was established in the 1934 at Thalassery and it has celebrated its Platinum Jubilee in January 2011. Chandrika started publishing from Kozhikode during 1938-1939. Chandrika has an eventful history in Kerala. It is actively supported various movements in kerala including indias freedom struggle. Though it is the official mouth piece of Indian union Muslim league its aim was the upliftment of down trodden communities and backward communities among the society. 
Former Kerala Chief Minister Mr. C.H. Mohammed Koya was once the chief editor of Chandrika and he had put in a lot of effort to modernize the newspaper to the one which we see today. Chandrika weekly, Mahila chandrika, sports chandrika and arogya chandrika are published by the Chandrika Family.
Definition.
Chandrika (in Sanskrit) means blissful moonlight. In Sinhala Chandrikawa means satellite (Singular), Chandrika means satellites (Plural).

</doc>
<doc id="9910567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910567" title="James G. Carter">
James G. Carter

James Gordon Carter (1795–1849), born James Carter, Jr., was a Massachusetts State Legislator and education reformer.
He wrote “Influence of an Early Education” in 1826 (Essays Upon Popular Education), and in 1837, as House Chairman of the Committee on Education, contributed to the establishment of the Massachusetts Board of Education, the first state Board of education in the United States. This was an important stepping stone in the path to government funded schooling. To the disappointment of many of Carter's supporters, who felt he deserved the honor, Horace Mann was appointed the board's first secretary. 
Carter was also instrumental in the reformation of teacher education, and establishment of the first Normal school which later became Framingham State College. This earned him the sobriequet: "Father of the American Normal School."

</doc>
<doc id="9910572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910572" title="Muhammad Tulaimat">
Muhammad Tulaimat

Muhammad Tulaimat (محمد طليمات) (born 1941) is a modernist painter from the city of Homs, Syria. He was born to a merchant family. He studied engineering in Aleppo, and then moved back to Homs to work at the Directorate of Water Resources. At that time, he was very active in painting until he left Syria to pursue his career in engineering. He lived for short periods in Libya, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait in which he stayed for 11 years. He then returned to his hometown Homs, and returned to his original passion, painting. A documentary on his life and paintings was aired on Syrian TV in 2002. Tulaimat is one of the original founders of the Association of Fine Art in Homs, Syria. He has held exhibitions in Rome, Paris, Beirut, Riyadh, and Chicago. His works are owned by museums and individuals around the world. He was kidnapped during the Syrian civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="9910573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910573" title="Hughson Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Hughson Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

Hughson Street is a Lower City collector road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts at "Charlton Avenue East" at "St. Joseph's hospital" and runs north to Haymarket Street in the downtown where it's cut off by the Hamilton GO Transit station. Up to this point it is a two-way street. It then starts up again north of the station on "Hunter Street East", where it then becomes a one-way street going north just past "Barton Street East" to Murray Street where it's cut off again by a parking lot for "LIUNA Station". It then starts up again one block north past the CN railway tracks on "Strachan Street" and from this point onwards becomes a two-way street again that extends to the city's "North End" to the waterfront on "Guise Street West", the site of the "Canada Marine Discovery Centre" and "Pier 9".
History.
Hughson Street was named after Nathaniel Hughson (1755–1837), a farmer and hotel owner. Hughson was a Loyalist who moved to Canada following the American Revolution, one of the city founders. Other streets in the city were named after his family members: "James Street" (son), "Rebecca Street" (wife) and "Catharine Street" (daughter). 
The Sir John A. Macdonald Statue at "Gore Park" arrived in Hamilton from London, England on 30 October, 1893. Official dedication of the statue took place 1 November, 1893. Originally, the statue was located at the intersection of "King" and "Hughson Streets" and pointed West. Prime Minister Sir John Thompson was in attendance. "Alexander Aitchison", a local Hamilton Fire Chief, died of injuries he sustained from crashing into the base of the statue with his horse and buggy and because of it, the statue was then relocated to "Gore Park" near "King" and "John Streets" only this time the statue instead of pointing West, now points East. 
"Canadian Canners Ltd." (1903–1986) used to be on "44 Hughson Street South" across the street from the "County Courthouse". Today it is the site of a parking lot. 
In 1996, The refurbished "TH&B Station" became the "GO Station", as well as the city's bus terminal. 
Waterfront Trolley.
The "Hamilton Waterfront Trolley" is a narrated tour along the 12 kilometre "Hamilton Waterfront Trail". The main stop and departure spot is at the Hamilton Waterfront "SCOOPS" Ice Cream parlour, which provides the famous "Stoney Creek Dairy Ice Cream". There are a dozen stops along the way between Princess Point at the western-end of the route to the eastern-end, the site of HMCS Haida. Also near this eastern-end route is the site of the "Hamiltonian Tour Boat", which is a 12-passenger tour boat that offers a leisurely guided tour of Hamilton harbour with the captain providing interesting stories and history of one of North America's most noteworthy harbours. In addition to this there is also the "Hamilton Harbour Queen Cruises" which is another ship that offers 3-hour tour of the harbour along with Lunch, Dinner or other special events like Dance parties. This Harbour Queen Cruise was also the 2005 winner of the Hamilton Tourism Awards for "best tourism idea." It has a passenger capacity of 200.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South" 
Major roads that cross Hughson Street.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
Roads that are parallel with Hughson Street.
"Note: Listing of streets from West to East."
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9910575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910575" title="Stephen Gadd">
Stephen Gadd

Stephen Gadd (born 1964 in Berkshire, South East England) is an English operatic baritone. He graduated in Engineering from St. John's College, Cambridge and then studied at the Royal Northern College of Music, under Patrick McGuigan. He was a finalist in Operalia, (Plácido Domingo's international singing competition), and among other numerous awards he won the 1990 Kathleen Ferrier Memorial Scholarship. He has performed the title role in "Macbeth" at the Glyndebourne Festival, and Conte Almaviva in "Le nozze di Figaro" for the Salzburger Festspiele. He is married to soprano Claire Rutter.

</doc>
<doc id="9910587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910587" title="The Happy End Problem">
The Happy End Problem

The Happy End Problem (Music for Dance Volume 5) is a studio album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith, and is the fifth of a series of Music for Dance albums he made. It comprises two suites composed in 2003 by Frith "for flute, bassoon, gu zheng, percussion, violin and electronics" and was recorded in 2003 and 2004.
A reviewer at "Sea of Tranquility" summed up the album with the following comment:
Background.
The two suites on the album, "Imitation" and "The Happy End Problem" were composed by Frith for small ensembles of six and seven musicians. They were originally commissioned in 2003 by choreographer Amanda Miller for two dances for her The Pretty Ugly Dance Company. Both suites premiered at the Stadttheater in Freiburg, Germany, "The Happy End Problem" in May 2003 and "Imitation" in April 2004.
In "The Happy End Problem" Frith drew on elements from Igor Stravinsky's 1910 ballet, "Firebird Suite". "Imitation" focused on Oriental elements and played on the Western world's perception of Japan. At the time, the shakuhachi player, Kikutsubo Day was a student of Frith's at Mills College in the United States, and he constructed "Imitation" around her playing.

</doc>
<doc id="9910593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910593" title="Proto-Indo-European root">
Proto-Indo-European root

The roots of the reconstructed Proto-Indo-European language (PIE) are basic parts of words that carry a lexical meaning, so-called morphemes. PIE roots usually have verbal meaning like "eat" or "run". Roots never occur alone in the language. Complete inflected words like verbs, nouns or adjectives are formed by adding further morphemes to a root. Typically, a root plus a suffix forms a stem, and adding an ending forms a word. Suffix and ending together are sometimes called the "desinence" (German: "Ausgang"), especially when they are fused.
formula_1
For example, "he carries" can be split into the root "to carry", the suffix "present tense" and the ending "third person singular".
In its base form, a PIE root consists of a single vowel, preceded and followed by consonants. Except for a very few cases, the root is fully characterized by its consonants, while the vowel may alternate, a process called ablaut. Thus, the mentioned root can also appear as , with a long vowel as or , or even unsyllabic as , in different grammatical contexts.
Phonotactics.
Phonotactics describes the restrictions on the permissible combinations of phonemes (sounds).
Basic root structure.
The centre of a PIE root is the ablauting vowel (usually , perhaps sometimes in its base form, the "full grade"). This vowel constitutes a sonority peak that is preceded and followed by a sequence of consonants with progressively decreasing sonority values. In other words, the sonority has to fall toward both edges of the root. The sonority hierarchy is as follows:
This gives the following root structure (with "P" being any plosive and formula_2 an empty position):
formula_3
Other possible roots include "to tread", "to breathe" and "to moisten". Forbidden are structures like (wrong order of phonemes: internal plosive) and (two phonemes of the same group: unchanging sonority).
Additional phonemes.
The remaining sounds, namely the laryngeals and the sibilant , can occupy almost any place in the hierarchy. is particularly common in initial position (see s-mobile). Examples of such roots are "to fly", "to nourish" and "to stroke".
Following the terminology of Sanskrit grammar, roots ending in laryngeals are referred to as seṭ-, all others as aniṭ-roots.
Restrictions on the plosives.
A root cannot contain two plain voiced plosives (), nor can it contain a voiced aspirate and a voiceless plosive (), unless the latter occurs in a word-initial cluster after an (e.g. "to stiffen").
Restrictions on the number of phonemes.
The vowel has to be preceded and followed by at least one consonant each. The maximum number of consonants seems to be five (as in "to twine").
Early PIE scholars reconstructed a number of roots beginning or ending with a vowel. The latter type always had a long vowel ( "to put", "to grow", "to give"), while this restriction did not hold for vowel-initial roots ( "to eat", "to drive", "to smell"). Laryngeal theory can explain this behaviour by reconstructing a laryngeal following the vowel (, resulting in a long vowel) or preceding it (, resulting in a short vowel). These reconstructions obey the mentioned rules.
Roots without a full grade.
Some roots have no central , an example being "to grow, to become". Such roots can be seen as generalized zero grades of forms like , and thus follow the phonotactical rules.
Exceptions.
Some roots like "to sneeze" or "to duck" do not appear to follow these rules. This might be due to incomplete understanding of PIE phonotactics or to wrong reconstructions. , for example, might not have existed in PIE at all, if the Indo-European words usually traced back to it are onomatopoeias.
Thorn clusters are sequences of a dental () plus a velar plosive ( etc.). Their role in PIE phonotactics is unknown. Roots like "to perish" apparently violate the phonotactical rules, but are quite common.
Lexical meaning.
The meaning of a reconstructed root is conventionally that of a verb; the terms "root" and "verbal root" are almost synonymous in PIE grammar. This is because, apart from a limited number of so-called root nouns, PIE roots overwhelmingly participate in verbal inflection through well-established morphological and phonological mechanisms. Their meanings are not always directly reconstructible, due to semantic shifts that led to discrepancies in the meanings of reflexes in the attested daughter languages. Many nouns and adjectives are derived from verbal roots via suffixes and ablaut.
Nevertheless, some roots did exist that did not have a primary verbal derivation. Apart from the aforementioned root nouns, the most important of these were the so-called Caland roots, which had adjectival meaning. Such roots generally formed proterokinetic adjectives with the suffix , thematic adjectives in and compounding stems in . They included at least "red", "white", "deep" and "heavy".
Word formation.
Fully inflected words are usually formed from a root plus a suffix plus an ending. The suffix is sometimes missing, which has been interpreted as a zero suffix. Words with zero suffix are termed "root verbs" and "root nouns". Beyond this basic structure, there is the nasal infix, a present tense marker, and reduplication, a sort of prefix with a number of grammatical and derivational functions.
Finite verbs.
Verbal suffixes, including the zero suffix, convey grammatical information about tense and aspect, two grammatical categories that are not clearly distinguished. Present and aorist are universally recognised, while some of the other aspects remain controversial. Two of the four moods, the subjunctive and the optative, are also formed with suffixes, which sometimes results in forms with two consecutive suffixes: "he would carry", with the first being the present tense marker, and the second the subjunctive marker. Reduplication can mark the present and the perfect.
Verbal endings convey information about grammatical person, number and voice. The imperative mood has its own set of endings.
Nouns and adjectives.
Nouns are usually derived from roots or verb stems by suffixation or other means (see the morphology of the Proto-Indo-European noun for some examples). This can hold even for roots that are often translated as nouns: , for example, can mean "to tread" or "foot", depending on the ablaut grade and ending. Some nouns like "lamb" or "star", however, are not derived from verbal roots. In any case, the meaning of a noun is given by its stem, whether this is composed of a root plus a suffix or not. This leaves the ending, which conveys case and number.
Adjectives are also derived by suffixation of (usually verbal) roots. An example is "begotten, produced" from the root "to beget, to produce". The endings are the same as with nouns.
Infinitives and participles.
Infinitives are verbal nouns and, just like other nouns, are formed with suffixes. It is not clear whether any of the infinitive suffixes reconstructed from the daughter languages (, among others) was actually used to express an infinitive in PIE.
Participles are verbal adjectives formed with the suffixes (active imperfective and aorist participle), (perfect participle) and or (mediopassive participle), among others.
Root extensions.
Root extensions are additions of one or two sounds, often plosives, to the end of a root which do not seem to change its meaning. For "to push, hit, thrust", we can reconstruct
The source of these extensions is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="9910598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910598" title="Cong (surname)">
Cong (surname)

Cong or Tsung is a Chinese surname.
Definition.
Cong (/) is a Chinese word (noun) meaning clump, thicket, bush, and/or shrubbery. The word is also a measure word for flowers however has been informally used for a group of people or things.
Background.
Cong surname is the name of a relatively small population of Chinese. Not to be confused with other "congs", e.g. in Vietnamese. The surname is said to be from a group of people in the city of Wendeng(文登) in China's Shandong province. Residents with this surname can also be found In Japan, Korea, Mongolia and other Asian countries.
Historical origins.
The Congs are originally of Xiongnu origin. They trace their ancestry to King Xiutu of the Xiongnu. In 121 BC, Xiongnu King Hunxie killed King Xiutu when Xiutu refused to surrender to the Chinese with Hunxie. The fourteen-year-old Crown Prince Midi was taken to China and raised as a stable hand. One day, when Emperor Wu of Han was inspecting the horses with his wives, all the servants were mesmerized by the royal entourage, except for Midi. Emperor Wu of Han took favor of the prince and granted him the Chinese surname Jin, meaning gold, because the prince used to make sacrifices with golden statues as a part of the Xiongnu rituals.
Jin Midi and his descendants later rose to prominent positions in the Han court. However, due to dynastic changes, the descendants of Jin Midi were persecuted for their royalist ties to the Han Dynasty. The Jins escaped and after over forty years of wandering, they eventually arrived at Cong Hill in Buye, modern day Wendeng, Shandong Province, and changed their surname to Cong.
Rank.
Cong is ranked as the 127th most popular Chinese surname. The population with the surname Cong tend to be more concentrated in the northern regions of China.
People with the last name Cong accounts for about 0.1% of Han population.

</doc>
<doc id="9910605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910605" title="Daniel Coll">
Daniel Coll

Daniel Coll is an English actor who played the recurring character DI Frank Blackmore in ITV's "Emmerdale". He has previously made on off appearances in "Coronation Street" and "Heartbeat". He was in Mel Gibson's "Braveheart". Daniel Coll was one of the original dads in Billy Elliot the Musical in Londons West End had a part of Tim in the movie Bullseye and was Enjolras in Les Misérables on the UK tour 1993/4 He is also a director and producer and co wrote the musical Pinocchio witch starred Liam Mower.His recent work includes Director of Macbeth a new film version due for release in 2012.This film stars Oliver Tobias. Coll will appear at the Cheltenham Literature Festival on 9 October 2012 to discuss Macbeth, which will follow a premiere of the film.
This film won best Director in the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9910608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910608" title="Zendeh Jan District">
Zendeh Jan District

The Zinda Jan District is located in the central part of Herat Province in Afghanistan. It borders Gulran and Kushk districts to the North, Injil and Guzara districts to the East, Adraskan District to the South and Ghoryan and Kohsan districts to the West. The population is 48,600 (2005 year). The district center is the town of Zendeh Jan, situated in the valley of the Hari River.

</doc>
<doc id="9910614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910614" title="WARP (information security)">
WARP (information security)

Warning, Advice and Reporting Point (WARP) is a community or internal company based service to share advice and information on computer-based threats and vulnerabilities.
WARPs typically provide
WARPs typically cost much less to set up than a Computer Emergency Response Centre as in CERT/CC or US-CERT.

</doc>
<doc id="9910630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910630" title="Henbury School">
Henbury School

Henbury School is a state secondary school with academy status in Henbury, Bristol, England.
History.
The school opened in 1958 by Earl Attlee former Prime Minister. Its first Headmaster was John Luget from 1956 to 1976. In 2005, it was rebuilt under a Private Finance Initiative. , it had 739 students. The school has achieved Art College status which increases the funding that the school receives for art-related studies. A number of projects have spawned from the receiving of Art College status. These include piloting the Community Transformers scheme.
It became an academy on 1 June 2012.
Academic achievement.
The school has improved its results year on year and achieved its best ever GCSE scores in 2012, the table below shows the percentage of students hitting the key measure of 5 A*-C including English and Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="9910633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910633" title="Joan Glass">
Joan Glass

Elizabeth Joan Glass (1915–2000), was an English textile designer and painter.
Biography.
Youth.
Glass was born in Orpington, Kent. She was the oldest of three daughters born to John Pomeroy Glass and Edith Mary Muirhead. Her father, was a senior partner and later chairman of James Templeton & Co, then one of the leading makers of carpets in Britain. After her schooling Glass studied art at Chelsea Polytechnic in London. One of her teachers was neo-Romantic English painter, Graham Sutherland. At this time she was influenced by Sutherland as well as Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh.
Career.
During the war Glass joined the Women's Royal Naval Service and worked in military censorship. After her marriage, she became known as Joan Clifford-Smith but continued to sign her work under her maiden name (Joan Glass). She is best known for her textile designs and one of her carpet designs became one of the biggest selling commercial carpets available in Britain during the 1950s and 60s.
In 1952 she moved to "Buck’s House" in Great Bardfield, Essex. While in Great Bardfield, Glass and her husband became friendly with the village art community known as the Great Bardfield Artists. They organised a series of large open house exhibitions during the 1950s, which attracted thousands of visitors. Glass exhibited textiles and pictures at all these shows. Known for her fine sense of colour her textiles and paintings were mainly semi-abstract in design. Some of her work is included in the collection of the Fry Art Gallery in Saffron Walden, Essex.
The Bardfield art community fragmented in the early 1960s and Glass and her family (which now included four sons) briefly moved to London before relocating to (15th century) Little Baddow Hall, near Chelmsford, Essex. During this time the artist’s output was restricted to making and decorating ceramics, Following the example of the earlier Bardfield summer exhibitions, Glass established in 1971 a series of large summer art festivals at her Essex home. These were very popular with the local art community and in 1974 she converted her house and established the Little Baddow Hall Arts Centre. 
Musicians and artists attracted to the centre included Howard Shelly, the Medici Quartet, John Miller (artist) and Andy Warhol, as well as prominent local artists Geoffrey Burnand, John Doubleday and Humphrey Spender. According to her obituary, the Arts Centre’s ‘enormous popularity was due in no part to Joan’s own stamp of style and sophistication, combined with a welcoming lack of pretension.' Despite its popularity with the mid Essex art community, the arts centre closed in 1979 and in 1990 she moved to a smaller house in Little Baddow.
Personal life.
During the Second World War, she served in the navy where she met artist Stanley Clifford-Smith and they married shortly after the end of the war. The couple moved to Suffolk in East Anglia where they both painted and designed fabrics. After the death of her husband she abandoned art practice for the role of art patron.
Death.
Joan Glass died in an Essex nursing home in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9910654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910654" title="2010 Olympic Village">
2010 Olympic Village

"For the location of the Olympic Village in Singapore, see Nanyang Technological University or "2010 Summer Youth Olympics#Youth Olympic Village"
The Vancouver Olympic Village (VVL), is an Olympic Village built by Millennium Development Group for the 2010 Winter Olympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics hosted in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. A village with over 1000 units, that was able to accommodate over 2,800 athletes, coaches, and officials.
The site, a former industrial area which was previously mostly parking lot, is located on the shoreline at the southeast corner of False Creek, north of 2nd Avenue between Quebec and Manitoba Streets. Just south of Science World, its waterfront is part of the False Creek Seawall promenade and bike route, and is adjacent to the stations of the Granville Island Heritage Railway, the Spyglass Place pedestrian ferry wharf (served by Aquabus and False Creek Ferries), the Science World pedestrian ferry wharf (normally served by Aquabus and False Creek Ferries but closed temporarily from 25 January 2010 to 24 March 2010) and the Main Street and Olympic Village SkyTrain stations.
Whistler Olympic and Paralympic Village.
The Whistler Olympic and Paralympic Village (WVL) is located in Whistler, British Columbia, it served the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2010 Winter Paralympics. Smaller than the VVL it accommodated 2,400 athletes, coaches, and officials with 450 beds made especially with wheelchair access. Site preparation began in 2006 with construction starting in March 2007 and it was completed in the summer of 2009.
About.
As of 2012, the site has 252 affordable housing units and another 100 units are for "modest market housing". Southeast False Creek is the designation given to the neighbourhood the Olympic Village resides in, bordered by Cambie, Main, West 2nd Avenue, and False Creek. The City of Vancouver projects that Southeast False Creek will eventually become home to up to 16,000 people by 2020.
The site currently boasts a 45,000 square foot community centre, the Creekside Community Recreation Centre.
Construction.
Preparation and construction of the site Vancouver began in February 2006. Construction was completed on 1 November 2009 by the Millennium Development Group, and turned over to the Vancouver Organizing Committee for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games (VANOC) for use during the Winter Games. On 7 April 2010 it was returned to the City of Vancouver. The village was converted into residential housing, a community centre, daycare, retail, and service spaces.
Residents released video documenting major problems with their units, including water pouring out of light fixtures, heat not working, cracks in ceilings, hardwood floors bubbling from moisture and bedrooms too small to fit a bed. More than 60 condo owners at the Village filed a class-action lawsuit against the builder. The lawsuits were subsequently dropped.
Funding crisis.
On Thursday, 15 January 2009 Jody Andrews, the deputy city manager overseeing construction of the Olympic Village, resigned. Vancouver city manager, Penny Ballem, was quoted as saying there was no reason for the public to lose confidence in City Hall over the resignation.
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson made a request to the British Columbia provincial government to allow the City of Vancouver to borrow additional funds to complete the project. On Sunday, 18 January 2009 an emergency meeting convened by the BC Legislature approved Bill 47, allowing the City of Vancouver unlimited access to additional funds for the development of the Olympic Village. The estimated new total cost is CAN$1 billion to build VVL, approximately CAN$ 467 million dollars were required by the City of Vancouver to complete the project. The project ran into financial woes late last year as well as the lender, Fortress Investment Group, a New York hedge fund, stopped payments to the village's holding company, SEFC Properties Ltd. Bill 47 is an unusual amendment to the charter for the Olympics in that it changes the original requirement that all additional borrowing is prohibited without a public referendum, and also that it was until this legislation was passed that it was illegal for the City of Vancouver to pursue such financial dealings. The city, in order to meet its Olympics commitments, required extraordinary legislative proceedings to amend the city's charter to allow it to borrow to buy out the loan from Fortress.
In November 2010, seven months after the successful completion of the 2010 Olympic Winter Games the village's holding company and the City of Vancouver agreed to place the property into voluntary receivership.
A review by Rob MacDonald, a noted Vancouver developer, for the Vancouver Sun, and subsequently by others, praised the developer, Millennium Development Group, for their accomplishment in creating the Vancouver Olympic Village under trying circumstances.
Australia banner controversy.
A giant banner hung from the Village by members of the Australian team attracted controversy in early February 2010 when a member of the International Olympic Committee toured the site and expressed concern that it might contravene policy, as the banner is not the flag of Australia but rather depicts a kangaroo wearing boxing gloves. The Australian deputy prime minister at the time Julia Gillard called the request for the banner's removal a disgrace. According to a representative of the Australian team, the flag has been at every Olympic Village since the 2000 Games in Sydney. The image had flown from the victorious Australian yacht in the 1983 America's Cup and is now a mascot of Australia's Olympic teams; the Australian Olympic Committee owns the image's trademark. After IOC president Jacques Rogge discussed the issue with John Coates, chief of the AOC, it was confirmed that the flag could remain at the Olympic Village. "While the IOC is of the view that the display of the boxing kangaroo at the Olympic village is a breach of the IOC rules relating to clean venues, the IOC is not going to request us to take down the boxing kangaroo flag on this occasion," Coates said. The AOC was required to register the image with the IOC. The controversy sparked a demand for a version of the boxing-kangaroo flag at a Vancouver flag shop.

</doc>
<doc id="9910658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910658" title="2-pop">
2-pop

Used in television production and filmmaking post-production, a 2-pop is a 1 kHz tone that is one frame long and placed 2 seconds before the start of program. It is a simple and effective method of ensuring synchronization between sound and picture in a video or film.
A 2-pop is typically placed at the end of a visual countdown. Only the first frame of the "2" is shown, and the remainder of the 2 seconds prior to the program is black. This provides a unique point of reference where the frame-long image and frame-long sound should align, similar to the way a film clapperboard is used to generate a synchronization point.
For example, in a video program the first frame of action (FFOA) starts at one hour (typically timecode of 01:00:00:00 in the US, and 10:00:00:00 in the UK), preceding that, 1 frame (or the 2-pop) of tone would be placed at timecode 00:59:58:00 or exactly 2 seconds before first picture. 
A 2-pop is useful whenever picture and sound are handled separately. For example, projecting work-in-progress in the pre-video days involved a film projector linked to a magnetic dubber, onto which the separate soundtrack reel was loaded. Aligning them by the 2-pop would ensure proper synchronization during playback. A modern scenario would involve sending a soundtrack to a separate facility for a sound mix. The returned product is a computer audio file which then needs to be synchronized again with the picture.
Sample sound.
Whereas laying down bars and tone prior to program start establishes video and audio calibration levels on the tape, the 2-pop is primarily used for picture and sound synchronization. Therefore, while the loudness of the 2-pop may be the same as the bars and tone audio level in use, this is not a requirement. The loudness level should be sufficient to be heard clearly.

</doc>
<doc id="9910665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910665" title="Harald Moltke">
Harald Moltke

Harald Viggo Moltke (1871–1960) was a Danish painter and author, who was educated on the Royal Danish Academy of Art 1889–1893. Among his activities Moltke participated as draughtsman in four Arctic expeditions. 
From May to November 1898 he participated in a geological expedition headed by K. J. V. Steenstrup (1842-1906) to the Disko Bay region at the west coast of Greenland. From this expedition Moltke made paintings of geological structures, a.o., the coast line of Nugsuark Peninsula, and of the Inuit, a.o., "Greenland women in umiak".
During July 1899 to April 1900 Moltke joined an aurora expedition to Akureyri in Iceland. The expedition was arranged and headed by the director, Adam F. W. Paulsen (1833-1907), of the Danish Meteorological Institute (DMI). Further participants were Dan Barfod la Cour (1876-1942), director of DMI 1923-1942, and Ivar B. Jantzen (1875-1961). In Akureyri, Moltke made 19 paintings of auroras and 5 portrait sketches of the expedition members.
In the winter 1900-1901 Moltke participated in another DMI aurora expedition; this time to Utsjoki in northern Finland. This expedition was headed by Dan B. la Cour. Further participants were Carl Edvard Thune Middelboe (1875-1924) and Johannes K. Kofoed (1877-1939). Here, Moltke made, a.o., 6 paintings of auroras. The aurora paintings from the two aurora expedition belong to and reside now with the Danish Meteorological Institute.
During 1902-1904 Harald Moltke joined "The Literature Expedition", headed by Ludvig Mylius-Erichsen, with Knud Rasmussen, Jørgen Brønlund, and Alfred Bertelsen. The expedition was a dog sled journey along the unmapped north-west coast of Greenland from Upernavik to Cape York close to Thule. From this expedition his main works are a set of 30 portraits of Inuit, issued in 1903, and with Ludvig Mylius-Erichsen as first author the book (in Danish) "Grønland" ("Greenland") (1906).
During the later years of his life, Moltke made numerous paintings, particularly portraits and landscapes, and published his memoirs (in Danish) "Livsrejsen" ("The Life Travel") in 1936. 

</doc>
<doc id="9910686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910686" title="Jāzeps Vītols">
Jāzeps Vītols

Jāzeps Vītols (; July 26, 1863, Valmiera – April 24, 1948, Lübeck) was a Latvian composer.
Biography.
Vītols, the son of a schoolteacher, began his studies in composition in 1880 at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory with Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. After graduating in 1886, he remained at the Conservatory to teach composition and reached the rank of Professor in 1901. His pupils there included Nikolai Myaskovsky and Sergei Prokofiev. Vītols was a close friend of fellow professors Alexander Glazunov and Anatoly Lyadov; he would regularly participate at Mitrofan Belyayev's "Weekly Fridays" — regular meetings of prominent Russian composers at Belyayev's home. At the time, Belyayev was Vītols' primary publisher. Besides academia, Vītols also spent time as a music critic for the "St Petersburger Zeitung" from 1897 to 1914.
In 1918, Vītols returned from Russia to his newly independent Latvia to conduct the Latvian National Opera. The following year, he established the first Latvian Conservatory of Music, which was later renamed the Jāzeps Vītols Latvian Academy of Music in his honor, and he ran the composition classes there between 1919 and 1944. His most prominent students during his tenure were Jānis Ivanovs and Ādolfs Skulte. He also helped co-found the Latvian Composers' Society in 1923. In 1944, he moved to Lübeck in Germany and lived there until his death in 1948. His remains were returned to Riga in 1993.
Vītols was active not only as a composer, pedagogue, and conductor, but was also a pianist and prolific music critic. He was a member of Latvian student fraternity "Fraternitas Lataviensis".
His choral music, especially "Gaismas pils" ("The Castle of Light") is very popular with Latvian choirs, and is often included in the repertoire of the Latvian Song and Dance Festival. Vītols vocal and choral works are published by Musica Baltica Ltd in Riga.
Style.
Taking his cue from his Russian colleagues, Vītols became the leading exponent of national romanticism in Latvia. He is considered to be the father of a distinctively Latvian classical music, being the first Latvian composer to achieve international stature. His work reveals the undeniable influence of his teacher Rimsky-Korsakov, not least in the brilliance of its orchestration, an assessment which was shared by Vītols' friend and fellow composer Alexander Glazunov. During his time in Russia, Vītols became deeply interested in Latvian folklore and conducted the Latvian Choir in Saint Petersburg. His melodies clearly draw upon his heritage, and often directly feature Latvian folk tunes. In striving to forge a musical style for Latvia, Vītols emulated the processes of the Russian national school. His large-scale works, which are mostly cast in sonata form, are often characterized by impressive dramatic development. Overall, in comparison with many other 20th-century composers, he tended to be rather conservative but nonetheless possessed a masterly composition technique.

</doc>
<doc id="9910692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910692" title="Marcel Artelesa">
Marcel Artelesa

Marcel Artelesa, born 2 July 1938 is a French former football defender. He played for France in the FIFA World Cup 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="9910701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910701" title="Neuromedin B">
Neuromedin B

Neuromedin B (NMB) is a bombesin-related peptide in mammals. It was originally purified from pig spinal cord, and later shown to be present in human central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. 
Sequence.
The sequence of the C-terminal decapeptide is highly conserved across mammalian species: GNLWATGHFM-(NH2); this decapeptide is sometimes noted as neuromein B, but it is more accurately described as neuromedin B 23-32. The sequence of neuromedin B (in rat) is : TPFSWDLPEPRSRASKIRVHPRGNLWATGHFM-(NH2).
Function.
Neuromedin regulates the following functions:
Neuromedin signaling pathway.
NMB acts by binding to its high affinity cell surface receptor, neuromedin B receptor (NMBR). This receptor is a G protein-coupled receptor with seven transmembrane spanning regions, hence the receptor is also denoted as a 7-transmembrane receptor (7-TMR). Upon binding several intracellular signaling pathways are triggered (see Figure 2).
When NMB binds to its 7-TMR, the heterotrimeric G protein that is attached to the receptor is activated. The G-protein is called heterotrimeric because it consists of 3 polypeptides: α subunit, β subunit, and γ subunit. In the activated NMBR/G-protein complex, there occurs an exchange of GTP for GDP bound to G-α subunit. The G-α subunit, in turn, dissociated form the G-βγ subunits. The free G-α iactivates adenylate cyclase (AC), which, in turn, catalyzes the conversion of ATP to cAMP, the latter of which functioning as a second messenger. cAMP activates of the enzyme Protein Kinase A (PKA). PKA enters the nucleus and activates the cAMP response element-binding protein. The activated CREB binds along with CREB binding protein, co-activator to the CRE region of the DNA in the nucleus. CREB and CBP are held together by leucine zippers. CRE is the control that activates number of growth factors, and thus cell proliferation and some anti-apoptotic genes. In the brain, CREB plays a role in long-term memory and learning.

</doc>
<doc id="9910709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910709" title="Forester Brigade">
Forester Brigade

The Forester Brigade (known as the Midland Brigade until 1958) was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1964. The Brigade administered the regular infantry battalions of the English Midlands.
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot F at Strensall was the headquarters for the county regiments of Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire and Warwickshire. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Midland Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Midland Brigade was formally formed on 14 July 1948, combining the depots of four regiments:
Under the 1957 Defence White Paper changes announced in July 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised: accordingly, in 1958, the Royal Lincolnshire Regiment was transferred to the East Anglian Brigade and the Midland Brigade was renamed as the Forester Brigade. 
From 1958 all regiments in the Brigade adopted a common cap badge: ""A Maltese cross voided, the points pommelled, and thereon, on a mount, an antelope statant gorged with a ducal coronet and chained within The Garter, the whole encircled with a chaplet of oak-leaves issuant from a scroll inscribed 'Forester Brigade' and ensigned with, upon a mount, a tiger passant guardant." The badge combined parts of the cap badges of the Royal Warwicks, Royal Leicesters and Sherwood Foresters. From 1960 the Forester Brigade was based at Glen Parva Barracks in Leicestershire.
In 1963, the Royal Warwickshire Regiment was transferred to the Fusilier Brigade, and in the following year the Royal Leicestershire Regiment joined the East Anglian Brigade and the Sherwood Foresters moved to the Mercian Brigade. With this, the Forester Brigade was disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="9910719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910719" title="Honoré Joseph Antoine Ganteaume">
Honoré Joseph Antoine Ganteaume

Count Honoré Joseph Antoine Ganteaume (La Ciotat, 13 April 1755 – Aubagne, 28 July 1818) was a French Navy officer and Vice-admiral.
Ganteaume started sailing on Indiamen, before serving during the American War of Independence in the fleets of Admiral d'Estaing and Suffren. At the French Revolution, he was promoted to command the 74-gun "Trente-et-un Mai", taking part in the Glorious First of June and the Croisière du Grand Hiver.
Ganteaume took part in the Expedition to Egypt, narrowly escaping death during the Battle of the Nile. There, he formed a personal relationship with General Bonaparte, who supported his promotion. He was made a Rear-Admiral and given command of a squadron to supply the Army of Egypt, but in Ganteaume's expeditions of 1801, he engaged in months of complicated maneuvers to elude the Royal Navy and eventually failed his mission.
He supplied the French forces of the Saint-Domingue expedition. During the Trafalgar Campaign, Ganteaume was to lead his squadron to the Caribbean to reinforce Villeneuve and Missiessy, but he was blockaded by British squadrons. Ganteaume held various offices during the late First French Empire, and gave his loyalty to Louis XVIII at the Bourbon Restoration.
Career.
Ganteaume was born in La Ciotat, into a family of merchant sailors. He started sailed at the age of 14 on a merchantman commanded by his father, and by the time he reached the age of 22, Ganteaume had accomplished five campaigns in the Middle East and two in the Caribbean. He served on the Mississippi Company Indiaman "Fier Rodrigue".
Service in the American War of Independence.
In 1778, with the intervention of France in the American Revolutionary War, Ganteaume enlisted in the French Royal Navy as an auxiliary officer, while "Fier Rodrigue" was purchased into naval service as a 54-gun ship of the line. "Fier Rodrigue" escorted a convoy to America, and attached to a division under Lamotte-Picquet in the fleet of Admiral d'Estaing.
In the fleet of Admiral d'Estaing, Ganteaume took part in the Capture of Grenada and in the Siege of Savannah. In 1781, he was promoted to auxiliary Frigate Lieutenant, and appointed to command the fluyt "Marlborough" in a convoy bound for the Indies and escorted by Suffren.
From 1781 to 1785, Ganteaume served on the frigate "Surveillante" He was promoted to Fireship Captain in 1784, and sub-Lieutenant in 1786.
Upon his return at the peace, Ganteaume was granted permission to return to the service of the Mississippi Company. He successively commanded the Indiamen "Maréchal de Ségur", bound for Chian, and "Prince de Condé" and "Constitution", bound for the Indies. In 1793, he was captured on an Indiaman and imprisoned by the British; released, he returned to the Navy, with the rank of Lieutenant. He served on the 74-gun "Jupiter" for a campaign in the Atlantic Ocean.
Service on "Trente-et-un Mai".
Ganteaume was promoted to Captain in 1794, and was appointed to command the 74-gun "Trente-et-un Mai". During the Atlantic campaign of May 1794, he attempted to attach to the French fleet under Villaret-Joyeuse, but only joined late in the Glorious First of June; he took part in the last throes of the battle, where he was thrice wounded.
In the winter, Geanteaume led "Trente-et-un Mai" in the Croisière du Grand Hiver, and notably rescued the crew of the stricken "Scipion".
In 1795, "Trente-et-un Mai" sailed to the Mediterranean, and cruised off Catalonia; she sustained a two-hour battle against a Spanish ship of the line. On 18 April 1795, "Trente-et-un Mai" was renamed "Républicain". She attached to the fleet under Vice-Admiral Martin, and took part in the Battle of Hyères Islands.
In late 1795, Ganteaume was appointed to command a division, comprising one ship of the line, four frigates and four corvettes. He sailed to Smyrna, where he lifted the blockade on Villeneuve's squadron, and captured the frigate HMS "Nemesis".
In 1796, returned to the Ocean, Ganteaume successful ran the British blockade of Brest and sailed a convoy carrying munitions into the harbour.
Service in Egypt.
Appointed Chief of staff to Rear-Admiral and Navy Minister Bruix, Ganteaume took part in the French campaign in Egypt and Syria on the flagship "Orient". He took part in the Battle of the Nile, where he was wounded, and narrowly escaped death when "Orient" caught fire by escading on a boat. "Orient" exploded soon after.
Promoted to Rear-Admiral upon request of General Bonaparte, Ganteaume led the flottilla of small ships of the Nile River, taking part in the Siege of Jaffa, the Siege of Acre and the Battle of Abukir.
On 22 August 1799, Ganteaume departed Alexandria with the frigates "Muiron" and "Carrère", the aviso "Revanche" and a tartane, ferrying General Bonaparte back to France. Bonaparte ordered the ships to sail close to the shore of Africa to elude British squadrons, and landed in Corsica, to finally arrive at Fréjus on 2 October.
After arriving in France, Bonaparte, as First Consul, appointed Ganteaume to the Council of State, in which he presided the section of the Navy.
Ganteaume's expeditions of 1801.
In 1801, Ganteaume was appointed to command a seven-ship division in Brest, tasked with ferrying supplies and 5000 soldiers to the French Army of Egypt. After successfully crossing British-held Gibraltar, Ganteaume cruised in the Mediterranean for six months to elude the British fleet.
Ganteaume returned to Toulon to resupply and repair his ships. In the following months, he attempted three sorties, once arriving off Alexandria without landing: when he finally arrived near Egypt, actually Derna, Libya, in June 1800, the troops did not land, due to the hostility of the locals and the British naval threat.
Ganteaume eventually renounced and defiantly returned to Toulon, after capturing Elba and four British ships, including a 38-gun frigate and in the Action of 24 June 1801 the 74-gun HMS "Swiftsure", but failing his mission to supply the French armies in the Middle East.
Ganteaume's tergiversations motivated the satirical poem:
Service in Saint-Domingue and the Trafalgar Campaign.
After the Treaty of Lunéville ended the War of the Second Coalition in early 1801, Ganteaume was tasked with supporting the French forces involved in the Saint-Domingue expedition. In 1802, Ganteaume was appointed Maritime Prefect for Toulon.
At the outbreak of the War of the Third Coalition the year after, and with the Coronation of Napoleon I and the advent of the First French Empire on 2 December 1804, Ganteaume was promoted to Vice-Admiral, made a Count of the Empire, and appointed to command the fleet in Brest.
In 1805, after the death of Vice-Admiral Latouche-Tréville and the outbreak of the Trafalgar Campaign, Napoléon briefly considered entrusting Ganteaume with an expedition to land an 18 000-man army in Ireland, in a move similar to what had been attempted in 1796 with the ill-fated Expédition d'Irlande; eventually, Ganteaume was ordered to the Caribbean to land reinforcements there and return to Europe with the fleets under Rear-Admiral Missiessy and Vice-Admiral Villeneuve.
Adverse weather prevented Ganteaume from leaving Brest, and he finally departed one month after Missiessy. In transit, Ganteaume bumped into the British Channel Fleet under Admiral Cornwallis and retreated to Brest, where he ended up hermetically blocked. Informed of the Battle of Cape Finisterre, Ganteaume was ordered to break into the Ocean by force to make his junction with Villeneuve; however, Villeneuve's port call to Cadiz thwarted this plan.
Later career.
In 1808, Ganteaume took command of the French squadrons of Toulon and Rochefort, joined together at Toulon, with the aim to 
ferry supplies to Corfu, then blockaded by the Royal Navy. He departed Toulon in early February, successfully escorted his convoy into Corfu harbour, and returned to Toulon in April. During the mission, the frigates "Pénélope" and "Pauline" captured the frigate and brought her to Toulon.
In June 1808, Ganteaume was appointed General Inspector of the Coasts of the Ocean. From 1809 to 1810, Ganteaume was appointed to command the fleet in Toulon, but attacks to gout kept him increasingly away from the sea. In 1810, he joined the Council of the Admiralty. On 1 August 1811, Napoléon appointed Ganteaume to command the battalion of the Marins de la Garde in the Imperial Guard as a Colonel. In 1813, he defended Toulon.
In 1814, at the first Bourbon Restoration, Ganteaume supported the Acte de déchéance de l'Empereur, and in consequence did not return to command during the Hundred Days; immediately after the Battle of Waterloo, he ordered the Royalist white flag hoisted in Toulon; this act got him almost killed.
Restored to power again, Louis XVIII made Ganteaume a Peer of France in recognition for his support. In December 1815, he was promoted to Commander in the Order of Saint Louis, and appointed General Inspector of the Classes. In his capacity of Peer of France, Ganteaume took part in the trial of Marshal Ney, and voted for his execution.
Ganteaume died at his property of Pauline, near Aubagne, on 28 September 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="9910723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910723" title="Robertus Anglicus">
Robertus Anglicus

Robertus Anglicus (Robert the Englishman) was an English astronomer of the thirteenth century. He taught at the University of Montpellier, and possibly also at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="9910736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910736" title="James Grimston, 2nd Earl of Verulam">
James Grimston, 2nd Earl of Verulam

James Walter Grimston, 2nd Earl of Verulam (20 February 1809 – 27 July 1895), known as Viscount Grimston from 1815 to 1845, was a British peer and Conservative politician. He was the eldest son of James Walter Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam, and Lady Charlotte Jenkinson. He succeeded his father as 2nd Earl of Verulam in November 1845.
In 1860, The Times noted that Grimston was one of only three to hold peerages in all three Kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland.
Family.
Lord Verulam married Elizabeth Joanna Weyland, daughter of Richard Weyland, in 1844. They had six children:
Lord Verulam died in July 1895, aged 86, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son James.
Politics and business.
Verulam was elected to the House of Commons for St Albans in 1830, a seat he held until 1831, and then represented Newport, Cornwall from 1831 to 1832 and Hertfordshire from 1832 to 1845. The latter year Verulam succeeded his father in the earldom and entered the House of Lords. He later served in the first two administrations of the Earl of Derby as a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) in 1852 and from 1858 to 1859. Between 1845 and 1892 he also held the honorary post of Lord Lieutenant of Hertfordshire, in succession to his father.
Grimston owned property in Jamaica, and following the abolition of the slave trade, between 1836 and 1837 he was associated with claims of £7,359 18s 4d in compensation for the loss of 376 slaves.
Cricket.
Verulam played first-class cricket as a right-handed batsman (RHB). He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), making 21 appearances from 1830 to 1849. In contemporary scorecards to 1845, he was given as Lord Grimston.
Several members of his family were first-class cricketers too: three of his brothers Edward, Robert and Francis all played, as did his nephews Walter Grimston and Lord Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="9910747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910747" title="Philibert de Naillac">
Philibert de Naillac

Philibert de Naillac was Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller from 1396 until his death in Rhodes in 1421.

</doc>
<doc id="9910755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910755" title="Hilary Deacon">
Hilary Deacon

Hilary John Deacon (10 January 1936 – 25 May 2010) was a South African archaeologist and academic. He was Professor of Archaeology at the University of Stellenbosch in Stellenbosch, South Africa. His research focused on the emergence of modern humans and African archaeology. He was principal researcher at the Klasies River Caves one of the oldest known sites of anatomically modern humans who lived there circa 125,000 years ago.
Deacon was born in Cape Town and did his undergraduate studies in Geology and Archaeology at the University of Cape Town, graduating in 1955. He started his career as a field geologist working in East and West Africa, before being appointed as Archaeologist and Deputy Director of the Albany Museum in Grahamstown, from 1963 to 1971. He then established the Department of Archaeology at the University of Stellenbosch, until his retirement. In 1967 he spent a year as a British Council Scholar at the University of London. He received his PhD from the University of Cape Town in 1974. He was a Visiting Professor at University of California, Berkeley (1986); a Visiting Fellow at Australian National University, Canberra (1984); and a Visiting Professor at the University of Chicago (1978).
Deacon taught archaeology at the University of Stellenbosch and authored over a hundred publications in journals, books, monographs and conference proceedings. He served on the Council of the University and also as Past-President of the South African Archaeological Society, the Southern African Association of Archaeologists, the South African Society for Quaternary Research, and member of the Board of Iziko Museums in Cape Town. He was married to Janette Deacon who also taught archaeology at the University of Stellenbosch.

</doc>
<doc id="9910803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910803" title="Wooden Heart (novel)">
Wooden Heart (novel)

Wooden Heart is a BBC Books original novel written by Martin Day and based on the long-running science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor and Martha Jones. 
Synopsis.
Martha and the Doctor discover an apparently deserted starship, and soon, a village appears in the middle of the craft. As they try to work out the mystery of the village, and its connection to the ship, they find out that the village has other problems - fog and monsters surround them at every turn, and their children have been going missing.
Plot.
The Doctor and Martha arrive on the "Castor", an abandoned prison ship floating in space. Whilst exploring they find a fully populated village and forest, whose inhabitants appear to be unaware of the spaceship outside, and whose children are mysteriously disappearing. Later, The Doctor and Martha find a creature from another dimension, who, because of its telepathic powers, was used to remove the evil from prisoners in the "Castor". To keep itself sane, it expelled the evil, creating a separate being which killed the crew. The telepathic creature then created the forest and village in an attempt to balance itself with goodness, but, due to low power supplies, it is having to remove small parts of the 'program', such as children, to conserve power. The Doctor offers to pilot the ship closer to a sun to give the creature more power to run the program, and a woman from the village absorbs the evil into her body, before exiling herself, so she can learn to control it. The Doctor and Martha then leave the creature to maintain the forest world.
Audiobook.
An abridged audiobook was released in July 2007 by BBC Audiobooks and was read by Adjoa Andoh, who plays Francine Jones in the TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="9910811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910811" title="Orchard School Bristol">
Orchard School Bristol

Orchard School Bristol, formerly known as Monks Park School is a community secondary school located in the Monks Park area of Bristol, England between Horfield, Southmead and Filton.
The original school buildings, built in the 1950s, were demolished and the school was rebuilt and opened for teaching in September 2005.
In September 2005 the school was awarded Specialist School Status, with a combined specialism in Humanities (Social Science) and Modern Foreign Languages.
The school has recently become a Trust school with educational partners, City of Bristol College, University of West of England and the Local Authority Bristol City Council.
The school plans to become an Academy from September 2012.
Uniform.
The uniform that the students at Orchard School have to wear is a white shirt with own house tie,school blazer, black trousers or skirt and plain black shoes.
Houses.
There are four houses with head and deputy head for each one;.

</doc>
<doc id="9910823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910823" title="Kingsweston School">
Kingsweston School

Kingsweston School is a school for children with moderate to severe learning difficulties and is located in an old manor near Lawrence Weston, in the City/County of Bristol. It is a rapidly expanding school and caters to a wide range of pupils in both terms of age (pre-school to post-16) and ability. It has a well-established autistic provision and is keen on strengthening the links with the wider community it already enjoys.

</doc>
<doc id="9910828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910828" title="French frigate Muiron">
French frigate Muiron

Muiron was a frigate of the French Navy, famous for ferrying Bonaparte on the 22 August 1799 under the flagship of Admiral Ganteaume from Egypt to France after the Battle of the Nile.
The "Muiron" was one of two 18-pounder armed frigates that were building on the stocks in Venice in November 1796, when Bonaparte took Venice during the . The two frigates were launched in August 1797 under the names "Carrère" and "Muiron", and completed during November by the orders of Pierre-Alexandre Forfait. "Muiron" was named to honour Colonel Jean-Baptiste Muiron, an aide-de-camp of Bonaparte who had covered Bonaparte with his body during the Battle of the Bridge of Arcole.
The "Muiron" was armed with 28 × 18-pounder guns on the upper deck, and 12 × 6-pounder guns on the quarterdeck and forecastle, and manned with a complement of 340. She was incorporated in the fleet that invaded Egypt, and after the Battle of the Nile, Bonaparte departed for France aboard. She later took part in the Battle of Algeciras Bay. In 1807, Napoleon ordered that the "Muiron" be preserved as a monument; to this effect, he wrote a letter to the Ministry of the Navy, stating ""I wish that the "Muiron" on which I came back from Egypt be kept as a monument and placed in such a way that it be preserved, if possibly, several hundreds years"". She was repaired and docked in Toulon, which a golden inscription on her hull stating ""The "Muiron", taken in 1797 in Venice arsenal by the conqueror of Italy. She brought back the saviour of France from Egypt in 1799"". Napoléon also had a finely crafted scale model made for his study in Malmaison in 1803. This model is now on display at the "Musée national de la Marine" in Paris.
At the Bourbon Restoration, "Muiron" was decommissioned, and she was eventually destroyed in 1850, in circumstances that remain unclear. Conflicting theories have it that she was either sold for material and broken up, or destroyed by fire after being struck by lightning.
The British captured her sister ship in August 1801 and added her to the British Navy as .

</doc>
<doc id="9910834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910834" title="Daniel Ogunmade">
Daniel Ogunmade

Daniel Ogunmade (born 26 October 1983 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer who plays for US-based Mercer University.
Career.
Ogunmade started his career with Dundee United but made only one league apiearance as a substitute and was loaned to lower league clubs Forfar Athletic and Ross County. After leaving United in 2004, Ogunmade played as a trialist for Stenhousemuir and had a spell with Junior side Bellshill Athletic. After failing to win a deal in Britain, Ogunmade moved to the US, where his form for Northern Oklahoma College led to NSCAA All-American recognition in 2007. Ogunmade moved to Georgia-based Mercer University in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9910842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910842" title="Bax">
Bax

Bax may refer to:
Bax, as a surname, may refer to:
BAX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9910846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910846" title="Herbert of Bosham">
Herbert of Bosham

Herbert of Bosham was a twelfth-century English biographer of Thomas Becket who held a foremost place among the scholars in Thomas's household. His dates of birth and death are unknown, but he was active from 1162 until 1189.
Early life.
He was probably born in Bosham, Sussex, from which he took his name.
He studied theology in Paris as a pupil of Peter Lombard. He introduced Lombard's "Sentences" into England.
Companion to Becket.
He must have joined Becket's household before 1162 as, on his elevation in that year, the new archbishop immediately promoted him to a responsible position. He was to give his master advice on the performance of his duties, and to assist and even direct his studies of Scripture.
Herbert remained closely attached to Becket throughout the arduous and troubled years of his episcopacy and exile until almost the very eve of the final scene in Canterbury Cathedral. Having returned to England with Becket in December 1170, he remained with him until sent back again on an errand to the French king; vainly he implored his master to let him stay for the end which both felt to be close at hand, and which in fact came two days after his departure. Of all the archbishop's followers he was the keenest antagonist of the king Henry II of England and the royal "customs", quite ready on occasion to beard the king to his face or to undertake dangerous missions to England.
Biographer.
After Becket's death Herbert seems to have lived mainly on the Continent, not revisiting England until about 1184, and he complains that he was neglected; he records, however, a friendly interview with the king himself. We know nothing of him after the year 1189.
Herbert of Bosham's verbose biography of Becket has less historical value of than that of William Fitzstephen. He shared Thomas's ideals and was an eyewitness of most of the incidents of his episcopacy. He had sat by him, for instance, during the stormy scenes of the trial at Northampton. On the other hand he did not begin to write till 1184, many years after the events which he records, and Dom Albert L'Huillier gave reasons to doubt the accuracy of Herbert's reminiscences.
Besides the "Life of St. Thomas", he wrote a lengthy "Liber Melorum" in praise of him. An edition of the "Life" is that contained in vol. III of the "Materials for the History of Thomas Becket" (Rolls Series) edited by James Craigie Robertson; the volume also contains some extracts from the "Liber Melorum".
Fictional portrayals.
Herbert was portrayed by actor Clive Currie in the 1923 silent film "Becket", based on a play by Alfred Lord Tennyson.

</doc>
<doc id="9910853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910853" title="Manchester Silkworms">
Manchester Silkworms

The Manchester Silkworms were a collegiate summer baseball team located in Manchester, Connecticut playing in the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league operating in the northeastern United States region of New England. The team, an expansion franchise formed in 1999 which began play for the 2000 season, was based out of Northwest Park. In October, 2009 a new ownership group announced they would be moving the team to Laconia, New Hampshire, becoming the Laconia Muskrats.
History.
Silkworm name.
In 1838, the Cheney Family started what became the world's largest silk mill, and by the 1920s developed a utopian industrial community. The intact mill buildings, owner houses and worker houses are now a National Historic Landmark District. The mill buildings have undergone restoration and conversion to housing in the recent past.
Hence, the name "Silkworms".
Move to Laconia.
On Sunday, October 18, 2009, Silkworms founder, owner, and general manager Ed Slegeski announced that he had sold the team to a team of partners led by Noah Crane. The partnership group intends to move the team to Laconia, New Hampshire in time for the 2010 NECBL season.

</doc>
<doc id="9910909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910909" title="Grit Hammer">
Grit Hammer

Grit Hammer, née Haupt (born 4 June 1966 in Saalfeld, Thuringia) is a retired German shot putter.
She represented the sports club SC Motor Jena, and won the silver medal at the East German championships in 1987. She put the shot 20.72 metres in June 1987 in Neubrandenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9910917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910917" title="Mercian Brigade">
Mercian Brigade

After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot K at Whittington Barracks near Lichfield was the headquarters for the county regiments of Cheshire, Staffordshire, and Worcestershire. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Mercian Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Mercian Brigade was formed on 14 July, 1948, combining the depots of the following regiments:
Under the Defence Review announced in July, 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised: accordingly, in 1959, the South Staffordshire Regiment and North Staffordshire Regiment were amalgamated to form The Staffordshire Regiment (The Prince of Wales's).
As part of the reforms, all regiments in the brigade adopted a common cap badge in 1958. This consisted of a gold Saxon crown over a silver double-headed eagle, being the attributed device of Leofric, Earl of Mercia. The battalions were distinguished by regimental collar badges and coloured lanyards: cerise for the Cheshires, green for the Worcestershires and black for the Staffords.
On May 1, 1963, the brigade was again increased to four regular battalions, when the Sherwood Foresters (Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Regiment) were transferred from the dissolved Forester Brigade. The regiment wore a Lincoln green lanyard.
On July 1, 1968 the Mercian Brigade was united with the Wessex Brigade and Welsh Brigade, to form the Prince of Wales' Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9910919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910919" title="Wikstroemia oahuensis">
Wikstroemia oahuensis

Ākia or Oahu False Ohelo (Wikstroemia oahuensis) is a species of flowering shrub in the mezereon family, Thymelaeaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.
Description.
In the wild, ākia can grow to tall, but in cultivation it usually reaches with a diameter of . The young branches are gray, yellow, or reddish brown. The leaves grow with two leaves opposite each other on the branch, overlapping, and are dark green or grayish on the upper surface and lighter green underneath. They are oval to round and usually under long. This species is highly variable, with the leaves ranging from large and long to small and round. The stems do not snap but peel when bent. It flowers irregularly throughout the year, but produces fewer flowers when the plant has mature fruit. The tubular yellow to yellow-green flowers may be perfect (bisexual) or unisexual (either male or female), and less than long. The dwarf bog form from Kauai is sometimes recognized as a separate species, "W. palustris".
Distribution.
There are 12 "Wikstroemia" species endemic to the Hawaiian Islands. "Wikstroemia oahuensis" is a relatively common plant in a wide variety of habitats on the islands of Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lānai, and Maui. It inhabits ridges and rocky areas, hala ("Pandanus tectorius") forest, mesic forest, wet forest, and bogs at elevations of .
Uses.
Toxicity.
Native Hawaiians used this species to stupefy fish. A poison made from ākia in combination with other plants was used to execute criminals.
Medicinal.
Hawaiian medicinal uses are as a laxative and for treatment of asthma. Possible anti-tumor activity.
Other.
Ākia is used in Hawaii as landscape specimen. Seeds and flowers are used to make beautiful lei.

</doc>
<doc id="9910939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910939" title="Whistler Olympic and Paralympic Village">
Whistler Olympic and Paralympic Village

The Whistler Olympic and Paralympic Village is a 2010 Winter Olympics facility in the resort town of Whistler, British Columbia. The Olympic Village is considered one of Whistler's legacy projects, in that it will be used after the Olympics to help house and train Canadian athletes. Whistler is one of the two host communities for the Games. The site of this athletes' village is in the Cheakamus Valley approximately 20 minutes south of the Whistler Mountain competition venues, and 6 km from the highway cutoff for the Whistler Olympic Park sliding events venue in the Callaghan Valley. 
The village can hold 2,400 athletes and officials. The athletes and officials housed in this village participated in the events held at the Whistler Olympic Park, Whistler Creekside and the Whistler Sliding Centre. The cost of the village was estimated at 32 million dollars. It consists of a 100-room lodge and a 20-unit townhouse complex.

</doc>
<doc id="9910959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910959" title="Zig-Zaggin' Through Ghostland">
Zig-Zaggin' Through Ghostland

"Zig-Zaggin' Through Ghostland" is the fourth album by The Radiators, and their third studio album.
Overview.
After the moderate success of their major label debut, "Law of the Fish", the Radiators returned to the studio to create "Zig-Zaggin' Through Ghostland". Described as "slightly more aggressive" than its predecessor by Allmusic, the album was also slightly more successful, peaking at #122 on the Billboard 200. The song "Confidential" made it all the way to #8 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9910972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910972" title="Welsh Brigade">
Welsh Brigade

The Welsh Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1964. The Brigade administered the regular Welsh infantry regiments.
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot L at Brecon was the headquarters for the county regiments of Wales and Monmouthshire. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Welsh Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Welsh Brigade was formed on 14 July 1948 combining the depots of three regiments:
From 1958 all regiments in the Brigade adopted a common cap badge, depicting the plumes and motto of the Prince of Wales. From 1960 the Welsh Brigade was based at Cwrt y Gollen.
On July 1, 1968 the Welsh Brigade was united with the Wessex Brigade and Mercian Brigade, to form the Prince of Wales' Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9910974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910974" title="Louie Jon Agustin Sanchez">
Louie Jon Agustin Sanchez

Louie Jon Agustin Sanchez (born 1980 in Sta. Mesa, Manila), a poet, fictionist, critic, and journalist, hails from Flora, Apayao, Philippines. He lives in Novaliches, Caloocan City, in Metro Manila.
He has won prizes including three "Makata ng Taon (Poet of the Year)" honors from the state-run Gawad Komisyon sa Tula-Gantimpalang Collantes of the Komisyon sa Wikang Filipino. He has also won an award for his fiction from the Catholic Mass Media Awards, given out yearly by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manila.
Life.
A son of a professional electrical engineer from Baliuag, Bulacan and a fitness trainer from Abulog, Cagayan, Sanchez was born on 29 October 1980 in Sta. Mesa, Manila. He grew up in homes in San Juan City in Manila, where his parents started their family, and much later on, in Bagong Barrio, Caloocan City. He now lives in Novaliches, Caloocan City.
Education.
Educated in Catholic schools all throughout his boyhood, he finished high school at the Notre Dame of Greater Manila in Grace Park, Caloocan City, before entering the University of Santo Tomas. At Santo Tomas, he enrolled at the Faculty of Arts and Letters, intending to major in communication arts. However, his stint at The Varsitarian, the official student publication, convinced him to shift to journalism. He earned a bachelor of arts degree in 2002.
Career.
A few months after graduating, he worked as editorial assistant for "Gospel Komiks", published by the Communication Foundation for Asia. After two years, in 2004, he was taken in as supplement writer by the "Philippines Graphic". While in the magazine, he helped run the Philippines Graphic-Nick Joaquin Literary Awards, one of the most prestigious prizes for Filipino fiction writers in English. The owners of the Philippines Graphic in 2006 opened a business paper, the "Business Mirror". He is one of the pioneers of the paper, and he handled the business development department. In 2007, he started teaching literature and creative writing at De La Salle University-Manila, where he finished his master of fine arts in creative writing, with high distinction.
He is a member of the Linangan sa Imahen, Retorika, at Anyo (LIRA), the leading organization of poets writing in the Filipino language.
He is formerly consulting editor of Asian Journal Publications, and associate editor of "Balikbayan Magazine". He still reports for the Philippines Graphic.
Published works.
Books.
"At Sa Tahanan ng Alabok: Mga Tula", UST Publishing House, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="9910975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9910975" title="Heinrich Kreipe">
Heinrich Kreipe

Karl Heinrich Georg Ferdinand Kreipe (5 June 1895 – 14 June 1976) was a German general, who served in World War II. He is most famous for his spectacular abduction by British and Cretan resistance fighters from occupied Crete in April 1944.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Kreipe was born in Niederspier, Thuringia. Upon the outbreak of World War I, he volunteered for the army, and rose through the ranks, being appointed lieutenant in December 1915. After the war's end, Kreipe enlisted in the Hessen-Thüringen-Waldeck Freikorps, and joined the new Reichswehr in October 1919. He was retained in the much-reduced German armed forces permitted after the Treaty of Versailles, a testament to his ability as a soldier. By 1939, he had risen to the rank of Colonel.
World War II.
As commander of Infantry Regiment 209 of the 58th Infantry Division, Kreipe participated in the Battle of France and the drive towards Leningrad during Operation Barbarossa. For these actions he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 13 October 1941. He remained in the Leningrad front until May 1942, when he was transferred back to Germany, where he took up administrative and teaching positions. In June–October 1943, he was transferred back to the Eastern Front, where he led the 79th Infantry Division. On 1 March 1944, Kreipe was appointed Commander of the 22nd Air Landing Infantry Division operating on Crete, replacing General Friedrich-Wilhelm Müller, who had been made the German commander of Crete in Hania.
Abduction by Greek and British agents.
In the spring of 1944, a plan was laid out by the Allies to kidnap General Müller, whose harsh repressive measures had earned him the nickname "the Butcher of Crete". The operation was led by Major Patrick Leigh Fermor, together with Captain Bill Stanley Moss, Greek SOE agents and Cretan resistance fighters. However, Müller left the island before the plan could be carried out. Undeterred, Fermor decided to abduct Kreipe instead.
In the night of 26 April, General Kreipe left his headquarters in Archanes and headed without escort to his well-guarded residence, "Villa Ariadni", approximately 25 km outside Heraklion. Major Fermor and Captain Moss, dressed as German military policemen, waited for him 1 km before his residence. They asked the driver to stop and asked for their papers. As soon as the car stopped, Fermor quickly opened Kreipe's door, rushed in and threatened him with his gun while Moss took the driver's seat. The abduction is commemorated near Archanes. Moss drove the kidnappers and the General in his car for an hour and a half through 22 controlled road blocks in Heraklion before leaving Leigh Fermor to go on and abandon the car, with suitable decoy material being planted that suggesting an escape off the island had been made by submarine. Moss set off with the General on a cross-country march supported by andartes to be rejoined by Leigh Fermor. Hunted by German patrols, the group moved across the mountains to reach the southern side of the island, where a British Motor Launch (ML 842 commanded by Brian Coleman) was to pick them up. Eventually, on 14 May 1944, they were picked up (from Peristeres beach near Rhodakino) and transferred to Egypt.
Kreipe was interrogated, and then transferred to a POW camp in Canada. Later transferred to a special camp in Wales, Kreipe was released from British captivity in 1947. General Kreipe met his kidnappers one more time in 1972 in a Greek TV show. He died at Northeim on 14 June 1976.
Legacy.
In 1950 W. Stanley Moss, one of the leaders of the operation, wrote a bestselling account of the abduction — "Ill Met by Moonlight". In the 1957 film "Ill Met by Moonlight", based on the book, Kreipe is portrayed by Marius Goring.

</doc>
<doc id="9911004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911004" title="Royal Australian Navy Beach Commandos">
Royal Australian Navy Beach Commandos

During World War II the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) formed beach commando units to go ashore with the first wave of amphibious assaults. They would conduct local reconnaissance, signpost the beaches, control boat traffic, and communicate with the maritime forces. These were known as Royal Australian Navy Beach Commandos. They took part in the Borneo campaign.
Training.
An Amphibious Training Centre was commissioned as HMAS "Assault" at Port Stephens on 1 September 1942. The Amphibious Training Centre was commanded by Commander F. N. Cook, RAN, an officer who had won the DSC while serving with the Royal Navy during the Bruneval Raid. At the time he was recalled to Australia, Cook was in command of HMS "Tormenter", a Royal Navy Combined Operations School. The Port Stephens school trained beach parties and boat crews. Graduates were posted to the Australian landing ships "Kanimbla", "Manoora", and "Westralia", each of which had a beach party as part of its complement.
These beach parties saw little action, as the valuable landing ships were rarely risked in forward areas in 1943. An eight-man RAN Beach Party under the command of Lieutenant Commander J. M. Band, RANR participated in the Battle of Scarlet Beach. Band was fatally wounded in the fighting, and was awarded the US Navy Cross posthumously.
In October 1943, the Australian Army's Commander in Chief, General Sir Thomas Blamey, asked for the beach parties to be detached from their ships for training with the 6th Division and the 1st Beach Group at Cairns. Because United States Navy doctrine was that beach parties were a part of a ship's complement, Rear Admiral Daniel E. Barbey was reluctant to agree. Blamey suggested that a separate unit be raised for service with the Australian Army. A RAN Beach Commando was formed on 6 January 1944.
All RAN Beach Commando personnel were listed as part of the complement of HMAS "Assault", but formed a part of the 1st Beach Group. In early 1944, the Army raised a 2nd Beach Group, and another beach commando was formed for it. Following Royal Navy practice, the two units were designated Beach Commando A and Beach Commando B. Later, the Army requested two smaller commandos for subsidiary operations. These were formed as Beach Commandos C and D, and were organised similarly to A and B, but with only two beach parties, and no boat repair section. The four beach commandos were grouped administratively as the RAN Beach Unit (RANBU) under Commander R. S. Pearson, RAN as Senior Naval Officer Beach Units (SNOBU).
Organisation.
A Beach Commando contained:
Operations.
In April 1945, Beach Commando B under Commander B. G. B. Morris, RANVR went into action in the Battle of Tarakan, supporting the Army's 26th Infantry Brigade and 2nd Beach Group. Two beach commandos were killed and two wounded. Morris was awarded the U.S. Bronze Star for his role in the Tarakan Landings.
Beach Commandos A and C, under Lieutenant Commander R. McKauge D.S.C., RANVR took part in the 9th Division and 1st Beach Group's landings at Brunei and Labuan.
Beach Commandos B and D participated in the 7th Division and 2nd Beach Group's landings in the Battle of Balikpapan.

</doc>
<doc id="9911006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911006" title="The King's High School for Girls">
The King's High School for Girls

The King's High School (also called simply "King's High" or KHS) is an independent day school for girls in Smith Street, Warwick, England. One of its main feeder schools is Warwick Preparatory School, commonly called "Squirrels", which takes girls from the ages of 3 to 11 and boys up to the age of 7.
History.
Plans for a girls' school in Warwick were drawn up as long ago as 1875, but the school could not get underway until 1879. In this year boys from The King's School, Warwick, later to become known as Warwick School, who were being taught in Landor House, the modern site of the girls' school and the birth-place of the poet Walter Savage Landor, finally moved to their new buildings south of the River Avon. KHS, The Squirrels and Warwick School now form the Warwick Schools Foundation. The King's High School for Girls has suffered throughout its history from being very short of space, and, since its foundation, has taken over the buildings of two neighbouring schools. The premises of one of them, the former King's Middle School (which was only in existence from 1875 to 1906), caught fire in 1970. 
There are now brand new buildings, including a new sixth form building, completed in 2006, on the former Middle School site. It was opened in December 2006 by Dame Judi Dench. Further plans are now complete which include a build upon existing buildings in the premises to create new Art, Music and DT facilities, and new refurbished dining room. The school no longer has the lease on the former St Peter's Chapel, known as the Eastgate, situated at the top of Smith Street. There is an astroturf pitch and over of playing fields on land adjoining Warwick School's own playing fields half a mile to the south.
Increasing levels of co-operation between Warwick School and King's High School for Girls has led to the joint teaching of certain AS Level and A Level subjects from September 2004, for example drama, physical education and most recently politics. Girls were also admitted to Warwick School Combined Cadet Force, founded in 1884, in 2003. It is notable that one pupil, Carina, in year 8, carried the Olympic Torch in Leamington, on 1 July 2012. In the same year a sixth former, Alice Woodhouse, received Young Human Rights Reporter of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="9911014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911014" title="Jana Lauren">
Jana Lauren

Jana Lauren (born 28 June 1970) is a retired German discus thrower.
She won the silver medal at the 1989 European Junior Championships, representing East Germany, and finished sixth at the 1994 European Championships. She competed at the 1995 World Championships, but did not progress from the qualification round.
Her personal best throw was 66.30 metres, achieved in June 1989 in Karl-Marx-Stadt.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9911028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911028" title="Peter Mews of Hinton Admiral">
Peter Mews of Hinton Admiral

Sir Peter Mews of Hinton Admiral (29 August 1672 – 19 March 1727), born to Colonel John Mews and Sarah Mellish, was educated at St John's College, Oxford. He was appointed Chancellor of Winchester Diocese in 1698 by his uncle (Bishop Peter Mews), a post he held until his death in March 1727. He was knighted 13 July 1712. He was the Member of Parliament for Christchurch from 1710 until his death.
Mews bought the manors of Christchurch and Westover from the Earl of Clarendon in 1708, having previously settled in the area with his purchase of the manor of Hinton Admiral. He married at Westminster Abbey in 1719. His wife was Lydia Jarvis (1676–1751), daughter of George Jarvis of Islington, whose several sisters' descendants subsequently inherited the estates, Mews having died without issue.
Peter Mews was the son of John Mews, who as a supporter of Cromwell was a colonel in the London Militia. Peter Mews and his uncle were fervent royalists.

</doc>
<doc id="9911033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911033" title="Shadow Wolves">
Shadow Wolves

The "Shadow Wolves" is a unit of Native American trackers. The law enforcement unit is part of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). The Shadow Wolves's primary task is tracking smugglers through a stretch of the Tohono O'odham Nation territory that runs along the Mexico – United States border in the state of Arizona.
History.
The "Shadow Wolves" law enforcement unit was created in 1972 by an Act of Congress, after the U.S. federal government agreed to the Tohono O'odham Nation's demand that the officers have at least one fourth Native American ancestry. The Shadow Wolves became the first federal law enforcement agents allowed to operate on Tohono land.
The unit is congressionally authorized to have as many as 21 members but, as of March, 2007, it consisted of only 15 members. Members of the unit come from nine different tribes, including the Tohono O'odham, Navajo, Sioux, Lakota, Blackfeet, Omaha, and Yaqui.
In 2003, the Shadow Wolves became part of the Department of Homeland Security when ICE was merged into Homeland Security. ICE officials are also considering creating a sister unit of the Shadow Wolves to patrol the Blackfeet reservation in Montana, on the U.S. border with Canada.
Overview.
The Shadow Wolves comprise an Immigration and Customs Enforcement tactical patrol unit based on the Native American Tohono O’odham Nation in southern Arizona. Shadow Wolf officers are known for their ability to track aliens and drug smugglers as they attempt to smuggle their illegal commodities across the border. The unit boasts an esteemed history of tracking passed down from generation to generation. The name “Shadow Wolves” refers to the way the unit hunts like a wolf pack.
The Shadow Wolves were founded in 1972 as an initiative undertaken by the U.S. Congress to track drug smugglers on Native American lands in the American Southwest. Despite possession of high-tech equipment, the unit relies mainly on traditional methods of tracking, primarily a technique called “cutting for sign.” “Cutting” is searching for and analyzing “sign,” which includes any kind of physical evidence (footprints, tire tracks, thread, clothing, etc.). Officers may spend hours or days tracking in the field following a “sign” until arrests and seizures are made, or it has been determined that the contraband has been loaded into a vehicle and transported from the area.
Global training missions.
In addition to tracking smugglers on the U.S. border, the Shadow Wolves have also been asked to train border guards and customs agents around the world tracking smugglers, in nations including Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Estonia, Kazakstan, and Uzbekistan. The unit is also being used in the effort to hunt terrorists along the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan by training regional border guards in Native American ancestral sign-reading methods.
Film.
A film about the Shadow Wolves began production in southern Arizona in October 2009. "Call of the Shadow Wolves" centers on a story of the Shadow Wolves' work in protecting the U.S. borders from criminals and terrorists. Director Brian Kosisky said in a news release, "Most people know very little about The Shadow Wolves. This is a tremendous opportunity for a storyteller to create a present-day Western where Native Americans are the heroes."

</doc>
<doc id="9911035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911035" title="Walter George Tarrant">
Walter George Tarrant

Walter George Tarrant (8 April 1875 – 18 March 1942) was a builder born in Brockhurst, near Gosport, Hampshire, England. He is best known as a Surrey master builder and developer of St George’s Hill and the Wentworth Estate in Surrey.
In 1895, aged just 20, he set up his own building company, W G Tarrant Ltd, in the village of Byfleet and in the early 1900s built extensively in Pyrford, West Byfleet and Woking. The company almost certainly constructed some of the first buildings at nearby Brooklands . By 1911 his premises in Byfleet covered over five acres and included workshops for joinery, wrought iron and leaded lights, a stonemason’s yard, and a timber mill with drying sheds. He also owned nurseries in Addlestone and Pyrford and brickfields in Chobham and Rowlands Castle.
In 1911 he bought of Surrey scrubland from the Egertons, the family of Lord Ellesmere which he developed into the St George's Hill estate. Tarrant was subsequently responsible for constructing excellent housing in Weybridge, Byfleet, Pyrford, Woking and Virginia Water, where he launched the Wentworth Estate in 1923.
During World War One, his company manufactured large numbers of prefabricated wooden huts for military use on the Western Front and also designed and constructed the Tarrant Tabor six-engined triplane bomber, which crashed at Farnborough aerodrome when attempting its first flight on 26th May 1919. 
The company employed 5,000 people at Byfleet in the 1920s but towards the end of the decade the Depression reduced the demand for large expensive houses, but Tarrant continued to win contracts for many new council houses in the Woking area.
In August 1931, W G Tarrant Ltd entered receivership but the building department survived, reforming as Tarrant Builders Ltd with Tarrant's eldest son Percy as a director. This company built many houses in Virginia Water before and after World War 2 and the original company's land became owned by Wentworth Estates Ltd.
Around 1940, Tarrant purchased Hafod Estate at Eglwys Newydd, near Cwmystwyth above Aberystwyth in Wales and moved to live there soon afterwards. He soon began felling trees for use as pit-props for the war-effort and also started to plan the restoration of the neglected mansion there. He died on 18 March 1942 at Hafod Mansion, as a result of a coronary thrombosis and was buried in the Hafod churchyard.
Extensive research into Tarrant's house-building was carried out by the late Mavis Swenarton who, in 1992, described Tarrant as 'a man of vision and enterprise... with a reputation for high quality materials and good workmanship... an imposing figure, over six ft tall and a thick beard which gave him a striking resemblance to King Edward VII'. 

</doc>
<doc id="9911076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911076" title="Rick Kerry">
Rick Kerry

Rick Kerry (born 22 January 1972) is a British motor racing driver from Ipswich, United Kingdom. In 2007, Kerry drove in the British Touring Car Championship in a BMW 120d, the championship's first-ever diesel car.
Racing History.
Prior to joining the BTCC, Kerry competed in the Classic Touring Car Racing Club in a Ford Escort XR3. He then moved into the Kumho BMW Championship in 2002. The first car he raced in the championship was an E34 M5. In 2005 & 2006 he drove an M3 E36, which was built, developed and run by West Suffolk Racing. The new car proved a great success as he was champion straight away in 2005, and again in 2006. At the end of the 2006 season, he took the decision to join the BTCC for 2007.
BTCC 2007.
Kerry graduated to the series with Team Alternative Fuel Motorsport Racing, or Team AFM Racing. Kerry opted to enter a BMW 1-Series rather than the conventional S2000 BMW 320SI campaigned in the WTCC by the BMW factory teams. The car, which was built by Team AFM, made its track debut at Snetterton on March 23, 2007, just a week before the start of the season. Kerry entered seven of the ten rounds, but missed three of the 21 races for which the team was present. He scored no overall points, but came 20th overall in the Independents category.

</doc>
<doc id="9911085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911085" title="List of Juilliard School people">
List of Juilliard School people

This list of Juilliard School people contains links to Wikipedia articles about notable alumni and teachers of the Juilliard School in New York City.
Notable alumni.
Dance division.
The dance division was established in 1951. It offers a four-year Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degree or a diploma. In prior years it also awarded B.S. and M.S. degrees.
Drama division.
The drama division was founded in 1968. Those who complete the four-year program receive either a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degree, a Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degree (starting Fall 2012), or a diploma. Each year's class is identified by a group number: Group 1 started in 1968 and graduated in 1972; Group 43 includes students completing their fourth year in 2014.
Playwrights program.
The Lila Acheson Wallace American Playwrights Program is a one-year graduate level program in Juilliard's drama division. Selected playwrights invited to complete a second year may earn an Artist Diploma in Playwriting.
Music division.
The music division offers a four-year Bachelor of Music (BM) degree, a Master of Music (MM) degree, or a diploma. In prior years it also awarded B.S. and M.S. degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="9911092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911092" title="Alexandria (film)">
Alexandria (film)

Alexandria is a 2005 Indonesian film, featuring a soundtrack by Indonesian pop rock band, Peterpan.
Plot.
Bagas (Marcel Chandrawinata) keeps his feeling towards his neighbor and childhood friend, Alexandria (Julie Estelle), but he is unable to express it out. Things change when Bagas realizes that his best friend, Rafi (Fachri Albar), moves ahead and declares his love to Alexandria, much to her acceptance.

</doc>
<doc id="9911118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911118" title="Lancastrian Brigade">
Lancastrian Brigade

The Lancastrian Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1968. The Brigade administered the regular infantry battalions of northwest England.
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot D at Carlisle was the headquarters for the county regiments of Cumberland, Lancashire and Westmorland. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Lancastrian Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Lancastrian Brigade was formed on 14 July 1948, combining the depots of eight regiments:
Under the Defence Review announced in July, 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised, and by 1959 the Brigade was reduced to four battalions:
From 1958 all regiments in the Brigade adopted a common cap badge: the red rose of Lancaster within a laurel wreath and ensigned by the royal crest, with a scroll inscribed "Lancastrian". From 1960 the Lancastrian Brigade was based at Fulwood Barracks in Lancashire.
On July 1, 1968 the Lancastrian Brigade was united with the Yorkshire and North Irish Brigades, to form the King's Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="9911144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911144" title="(−2,3,7) pretzel knot">
(−2,3,7) pretzel knot

In geometric topology, a branch of mathematics, the (−2, 3, 7) pretzel knot, sometimes called the Fintushel–Stern knot, is an important example of a pretzel knot which exhibits various interesting phenomena under three-dimensional and four-dimensional surgery constructions.
Mathematical properties.
The (−2, 3, 7) pretzel knot has 7 "exceptional" slopes, Dehn surgery slopes which give non-hyperbolic 3-manifolds. The only other hyperbolic knot with 7 or more is the figure-eight knot, which has 10. All other hyperbolic knots are conjectured to have at most 6 exceptional slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="9911147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911147" title="James Grimston, 3rd Earl of Verulam">
James Grimston, 3rd Earl of Verulam

James Walter Grimston, 3rd Earl of Verulam (11 May 1852 – 11 November 1924), known as Viscount Grimston from 1852 to 1895, was a British Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892. He inherited his peerage in 1895.
Grimston was the eldest son of James Walter Grimston, 2nd Earl of Verulam, and Elizabeth Joanna Weyland. He was educated at Harrow School and became a lieutenant in the 1st Life Guards. He became J.P. for Hertfordshire and captain in the Hertfordshire Yeoman Cavalry.
Grimston was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for St Albans in the 1885 general election, and held the seat until he retired from the Commons at 1892 election.
In 1895 he succeeded his father in the earldom and entered the House of Lords.
Lord Verulam married Margaret Frances Mackintosh, daughter of Sir Frederick Ulric Graham, 3rd Baronet and widow of Alexander Aeneas Mackintosh, in 1878.
Lord Verulam died in November 1924, aged 72, and was succeeded in his titles by his son James. Lady Verulam died in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="9911153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911153" title="Harley-Davidson XA">
Harley-Davidson XA

The Harley-Davidson XA (Experimental Army) was a flat-twin shaft drive motorcycle made by Harley-Davidson for the US Army during World War II.
Development and production.
During WWII, the U.S. Army asked Harley-Davidson to design a specification of a motorcycle much like the BMWs used by German forces, with shaft drive, a boxer engine, and several other features that made the BMWs exceptionally reliable and low-maintenance machines. Harley was already producing the WLA, based on its traditional 45-degree V-twin but the army specifically wanted the one feature that the WLA didn’t have: shaft drive. So the company produced the XA, whose engine and drivetrain were based on the flathead BMW R71 (1938-1941) versus the overhead valve (OHV) BMW R75 (1941-1946). 1000 XAs were produced for evaluation. By the time production had begun, it was clear that the Jeep was the Army's general purpose vehicle of choice. No more XAs were ordered after the initial order of 1000. The less advanced but cheaper WLA was considered sufficient for its limited roles.
In 1943, the XA's leading link fork was replaced with Harley-Davidson's first telescopic fork.
Similar motorcycles in other countries.
From 1942, the BMW R71 would serve as the basis for the IMZ-Ural M72 (U.S.S.R./Russia), and from 1956 the Chang Jiang CJ750 (China) which likewise pressed it into military service though parts should not be considered interchangeable across marques despite visual similarities.
Cooling.
According to the American Motorcyclist Association's "Motorcycle Hall of Fame Museum", regarding the World-War-II-vintage Harley-Davidson XA, which has an opposed twin engine — ""Mechanically, the large cooling fins stuck straight out in the breeze, reportedly keeping the XA’s oil temperature 100 °F (37 °C) cooler than a standard Harley 45."" The latter was a transversely mounted V-twin, in which the air stream cannot reach the cylinders, especially the rear cylinder, as efficiently as on longitudinally mounted flat twin.
Related projects.
Though the XA motorcycle was "dead" as far as the military was concerned for full-blown production, both the side-valve and overhead-valve versions of the XA engine were explored according to Jerry Hatfield in his book "Inside Harley-Davidson" 1990 published by Motorbooks International. A overhead-valve version XA motor was sent to Detroit Wax Paper for testing as a generator set. OHV XA motors of , with transmissions, were sent to Willys-Overland for testing as well as two blower-cooled XA motors for generators to be tested on tanks in 1943. There was even a Servi-Car prototype made called "The Model K" using the XA engine instead of the G motor planned for the 1946 model year.

</doc>
<doc id="9911154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911154" title="Silke Gast">
Silke Gast

Silke Gast (born 30 April 1972) is a retired female javelin thrower from Germany.
She finished fourth at the 1994 European Championships. Her only medal at the German championships came in 1994 when she won the bronze behind Karen Forkel and Tanja Damaske.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9911160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911160" title="Panitya, Victoria">
Panitya, Victoria

Panitya is a locality situated in the Sunraysia region. The place by road, is situated about 23 kilometres east from Pinnaroo and 10 kilometres west from Carina on the Mallee Highway. 
Panitya is a railway station on the Ouyen to Pinnaroo line.
The Post Office opened in 1910 and was closed in 1975.
The area of the locality contains a number of smaller areas, namely Panitya East which had a post office open from 1916 until 1933, Berrook which had a post office open from 1929 until 1935, Manya with a post office from 1928 until 1936, Sunset with a post office from 1921 until 1948 and, below the Mallee Highway, Ngallo.

</doc>
<doc id="9911184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911184" title="Fathy Salama">
Fathy Salama

Fathy Salama (Arabic فتحي سلامة, Cairo, 1969) is a Grammy Award-winner Egyptian musician, who usually appears with his ensemble Sharkiat (شرقيات, "Easterners"). 
Salama grew up listening to the radio, which played artists who placed a deep influence upon him, his childhood influences were musicians Umm Kulthum, Mohammed Abdel Wahab and Farid El Atrache.
These artists influenced him so much that he decided to get involved with music, he then started to create his own versatile type music, from playing the piano from the age of six this made an excellent start and was followed by gigging in Cairo clubs from the age of thirteen. Soon the child of Shobra,'Compton of Cairo', made visits to Europe and to New York to learn Jazz with such great artists as Barry Harris, Sun Ra, Roman Bunka, Malik Osman, Hal Galper, Ossman Kareem and Pat Patrick.
He progressed to making plenty of hits in Cairo during the 80's, he has been touring the world and he has won two prizes for his film sound tracks for Fallen Angels Paradise's and Signs Of April, it is with Sharkiat (his own group) that Fathy is making his dreams come true of merging modern and traditional music together, thus expressing both a message from his home country and his love of music.
His music reflects his experience from the Orient and from Europe. His "success" on the music industry plays a secondary role ; first and foremost he wants to be understood, and so he works tirelessly on this bridge linking traditional and modern music from the Orient.
Fathy has collaborated in electronic music with Kouchari or his meeting with Alix Roy, and sacred music with Egypt, the successful Youssou N'Dour album (Grammy Award for Best Contemporary World Music Album and BBC Award).
Fathy held a lot of workshops to help amateurs with his experience, which produced -workshops- successful artists such as Dina El Wedidi, Nancy Mounir and others

</doc>
<doc id="9911212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911212" title="Antje Zöllkau">
Antje Zöllkau

Antje Zöllkau, née Kempe (born 22 June 1963 in Saalfeld, Thuringia) is a retired javelin thrower who represented East Germany.
She won the silver medals at the 1981 European Junior Championships and the 1982 European Championships. She then competed at the 1983 World Championships, finishing eleventh.
She never won any medal at the German championships.
Her personal best throw was 72.16 metres with the old javelin type, achieved in May 1984 in Celje. This ranks her second among German javelin throwers, only behind Petra Felke (who held the world record with the old javelin type).

</doc>
<doc id="9911223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911223" title="Flux (software)">
Flux (software)

Flux is a software suite released by Media Machines which consists of Flux Player and Flux Studio.
Flux Player is a VRML/X3D viewer that works both as plugin in Internet Explorer, and as standalone program in Windows. Flux Studio is a VRML/X3D editor that works in Windows. Both programs supports Windows Me/2000 and higher.
Flux Player and Flux Studio are freely downloadable for any usage under a proprietary Flux Player and Flux Studio license.
Flux software is developed by Tony Parisi, who coworked with Mark Pesce on the development of the experimental VRML prototype called Labyrinth. Flux Studio can successfully import and export *.WRL, *.X3DV and *.X3D files.
Initial distribution version of Flux Player 2.0 and Flux Studio 2.0 was released on February 21, 2007; while final distribution version of Flux Player 2.1 and Flux Studio 2.1 was released on May 28, 2007.
Acquisitions.
In May 2008, MediaMachines became Vivaty, and the Flux software was rebranded as Vivaty. However, on April 16, 2010, Vivaty shut down and was subsequently acquired by Microsoft.

</doc>
<doc id="9911263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911263" title="Fgura United F.C.">
Fgura United F.C.

Fgura United is a Maltese football club founded on June 1, 1971 and is the oldest sport organisation in the locality of Fgura, Malta. They currently play in the Maltese Second Division.
The first president was Mr. Zaren Vella, with Mr. C Farrugia as the secretary and Mr. E Muscat as the treasurer. During the club's early years, the premises changed twice from St Thomas Street in 1973, then to Triq L-Isponsun and then back to St Thomas Street in new premises that the club has invested in.
Between the 1971/72 and 1973/74 seasons the club participated in the MFA Amateur League and the MFA Minor League. Fgura United entered the National League in 1974/75 season when the club participated in the MFA 4th Division. Fgura United has been participating in all MFA tournaments including the National, Reserves, Under 21 and Under 19 competitions continuously ever since. Since 1995, Fgura United has run a youth nursery which aims to train young footballers aged 6–16 to develop their talents and enable them to participate in Maltese youth competitions including the Under 12, Under 15 & Under 17.
In 2012 Fgura opened their new artificial turf ground to replace the old one. Michele Platini was present at the opening of the pitch. The pitch is now Fgura's training ground.
In season 2013/14 Fgura achieved the biggest success in clubs history by winning promotion to Maltese First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9911265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911265" title="Tomasz Wróbel">
Tomasz Wróbel

Tomasz Wróbel (born July 10, 1982 in Tarnów) is a Polish footballer (winger) playing currently for GKS Katowice.
Career.
He is a trainee of Rozwój Katowice. Before moving to GKS Bełchatów he played for Górnik Polkowice.

</doc>
<doc id="9911275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911275" title="John Grimston, 6th Earl of Verulam">
John Grimston, 6th Earl of Verulam

John Grimston, 6th Earl of Verulam (17 July 1912 – 15 April 1973), known as the Honourable John Grimston until 1960, was a British peer and Conservative Member of Parliament (MP).
Verulam was the second son of James Walter Grimston, 4th Earl of Verulam, and Lady Violet Constance Maitland Brabazon. He was elected to the House of Commons as MP for St Albans at by-election in 1943, but was defeated at the 1945 general election by the Labour candidate Cyril Dumpleton. However, he ousted Dumpleton from the seat at the 1950 general election, and held it until he retired from the House of Commons at the 1959 general election. In 1960 he succeeded his elder brother in the earldom and entered the House of Lords.
Lord Verulam married Marjorie Ray Duncan, daughter of Walter Atholl Duncan, in 1938. The couple had five children. He died in April 1973, aged 60, and was succeeded in his titles by his son John.

</doc>
<doc id="9911281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911281" title="Mamshit">
Mamshit

Mamshit () is the Nabataean city of Mampsis or Memphis (Ancient Greek: Μέμφις). In the Nabataean period, Mamshit was an important station on Incense Road, running from the Idumean Mountains, through the Arabah and Ma'ale Akrabim, and on to Beer-Sheva or to Hebron and Jerusalem. The city covers and is the smallest but best restored city in the Negev Desert. The once-luxurious houses feature unusual architecture not found in any other Nabataean city.
The reconstructed city gives the visitor a sense of how Mamshit once looked. Entire streets have survived intact, and there are also large groups of Nabataean buildings with open rooms, courtyards, and terraces. The stones are carefully chiseled and the arches that support the ceiling are remarkably well constructed.
History.
Mamshit was built in 1st century BC as trade post on the way from Petra to Gaza. with time the city was developed and based also on agriculture.
When trade in Mamshit waned with the Roman occupation, the occupants found another way to make a living: raising horses. The residents of Mamshit bred the renowned Arabian horse, which brought great wealth to their city. During the Byzantine period Mamshit also received support from the authorities for being a frontier city. When this funding dried up, at the time of Justinian, the city died a natural death.
Before the founding of the State of Israel, Prime Minister to-be David Ben-Gurion saw Mamshit as the capital of the future country, which dovetailed with his dream of settling the Negev Desert.
Two churches were discovered in Mamshit. The western St. Nilus Church has a mosaic floor with colorful geometric patterns, birds, a fruit basket, and five dedications in Greek (the mosaic is not open to the public). The eastern church has a lectern on small marble pillars, the remnants of which can be seen at the site.
The biggest hoard ever found in Israel was uncovered in Mamshit - 10500 silver coins, a lead ingot weighing 158 pounds with foundry signs, a papyrus cluster with ancient Greek texts, and other objects indicative of wealthy people. 
Mamshit was declared a world heritage site by UNESCO on June 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9911287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911287" title="Ste Curran">
Ste Curran

Stephen Curran is a British video game journalist, presenter, author, and game designer.
He was an editor at "Edge" magazine, also writing under the name RedEye. The RedEye articles have been cited as one of "Ten unmissable examples of New Games Journalism" by "Guardian Unlimited".
Curran's published books include "Game Plan: Great Designs That Changed the Face of Computer Gaming" (2004), "The Art of Producing Games" (2005), "The Complete Guide to Game Development, Art & Design" (2005) and "Game On: The 50 Greatest Video Games of All Time" (2006); the latter three were written with David McCarthy and Simon Byron.
He currently presents the Resonance FM gaming radio show, One Life Left.
Curran is credited with writing the script to Sega's PSP title, "Crush", with British video game journalist Simon Parkin.
In 2004, Curran fabricated a fad called "Toothing", in which users of bluetooth cellphones were supposed to send suggestive anonymous solicitations to others within range. He registered a forum, filling it with posts from fictional users, and linked it to Gizmodo, a gadget blog. BBC, Reuters and Wired news desks all fell for the hoax.
Curran was a speaker at the Nordic Game Conference and Career Expo in 2008.
Curran recently started a blog called 'Consumer Writes' (a play on 'consumer rights'), in which he writes 'overwritten objections' - bizarre and unusual complaint letters to various companies in the hope of getting free stuff.

</doc>
<doc id="9911288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911288" title="Bikrami calendar">
Bikrami calendar

A Bikrami, or Desi year, is a solar year which starts on the 13 of March, or the start of Spring, and consists of 365 days. Nine of its months consists of 30 days, one are of 31 (Visakh) and other two (Jeth, Asadha) are of 32 days. This calendar is in traditional use in Punjab (both in India and Pakistan). Later the use was changed to other calendars including the Islamic calendar, the Nanakshahi calendar and the Gregorian Calendar.
The names of months are
A day consists of 8 Peh'r/Pahars, every Peh'r/Pahar equals to 3 hours of the modern clock. These "Pahars" are named: 
1: "Sajar vela or Sver vela" = Morning/Day-break (6'o clock to 9'o clock). 
2: "Dhammi vela" = Pre- noon time(9'o clock to 12'o clock). 
3: "Paishee vela" = Noon(12'o clock to 3'o clock). 
4: "Deegar vela" = Afternoon(3'o clock to 6'o clock). 
5: "nimasheen/namashan vela" = Sunset + Evening + Early hours of night(6'o clock to 9'o clock). 
6: "Kuftain vela" = Pre-midnight time (9'o clock to 12'o clock). 
7: "Adh Raat vela" = Midnight to 3'o clock (12'o clock to 3'o clock). 
8: "Sarghee vela" = Pre Dawn/Very early morning before the sunrise(3'o clock to 6'o clock). 
The word "vela" which may be spelled as "vailaa" means "time of the day" whereas the word "Adh" means half. While 'dowpahar/dowpeh'r' denotes noon time; and 'shikardowpehr' when sun is right on the heads.

</doc>
<doc id="9911289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911289" title="Jeff Phillips">
Jeff Phillips

Jeffrey Travis Andrew "Jeff" Phillips (born November 1948) is an Australian TV show host, personality, musical theatre actor and pop singer active from 1966 to the early 1990s. As a pop singer, he had a Top 40 hit on the "Go-Set" singles chart with a cover version of The Shirelles' 1961 hit, "Baby It's You". At the Logie Awards of 1970, he won the Best New Talent category for hosting his own ABC-TV pop show, "Sounds Like Us". In the early 1970s he hosted a series of teen pop music shows, "Happening '71" and "Happening '72". In July 1972 Phillips won a song prize at the Fifth Olympiad of Song, held in Athens, performing his self-written work, "Gloria"; the prize money was 100,000 drachmae (AUD $2,797). Although he issued further singles, until the early 1980s, he had no other national Top 40 chart success. From July 1985 to October 1987 he appeared in the Australian stage production of "Cats" in the role of Rum Tum Tugger in both the Sydney run and the Melbourne season; he also performed on the original Australian cast album.
Biography.
Jeffrey Travis Andrew Phillips was born in November 1948 and grew up on the Canning River, Western Australia. His father was a hairdresser. From the age of ten he learned the guitar. For secondary education he started at St. Francis Xavier High School with his final two years at Trinity College, where he played football and also performed at annual concerts. At 12-years-old he appeared on TVW–7's "Thursday Party" and the following year on "Play a Simple Melody". In 1964 he was spotted by a TVW–7 representative at a Trinity College concert and invited to appear on nightly variety show, "In Perth Tonight". In 1966 he took over as compere of Perth TV pop music show, "Club 17". At University of Western Australia he commenced an Economics course and formed a band, The Jeff Phillips Scene.
Early in 1968 he relinquished his studies and moved to Melbourne where he signed with Festival Records. During that year he competed on a TV talent quest, "New Faces", he appeared on teen pop music show, "Uptight", and variety show, "In Melbourne Tonight". In November he issued his debut single, which was a cover version of The Shirelles' 1961 hit, "Baby It's You", and had also been covered by The Beatles in 1963. In December 1968 Phillips' version peaked at No. 34 on the "Go-Set" National Top 40 singles chart. That year the track also appeared on his debut extended play, "The Wonderful World of Jeff Phillips". In June 1969 on the he was voted fifth on a list of most popular Male Vocal artists. Although he issued further singles, until the early 1980s, he had no other national Top 40 chart success.
From September 1969 Phillips was the host of his own ABC-TV pop variety show, "Sounds Like Us". "The Australian Women's Weekly"s Sally White described Phillips as having "charm" and "set for a long and highly tuneful career" with his "elfin chin and clean cut appeal". In 1970 he released a video recording of "Sound Like Us" with tracks by himself and by his guests, fellow pop singers, Ronnie Burns and Bev Harrell. At the Logie Awards of 1970, sponsored by "TV Week", he won the George Wallace Memorial Logie for Best New Talent. In April 1971 he hosted a Saturday morning teen pop music show, "Happening '71", for ATV-0 and followed with "Happening '72" the next year. In July 1972 Phillips won a song prize at the Fifth Olympiad of Song, held in Athens, performing his self-written work, "Gloria"; the prize was 100,000 drachmae (AUD $2,797). At the "TV Week" King of Pop Awards of 1972 he won Best Dressed Male. In December that year he was placed fourth on "Go-Set"s Pop Poll for most popular Male Vocalists.
Following the demise of "Happening '72", in 1973, he relocated to the United Kingdom, where he was based for several years. He released a number of singles there including a version of John Paul Young's, "Yesterday's Hero" (1975). During his time in UK he became a regular act at the Speakeasy Club. In 1977 he appeared on BBC TV shows, "The Rolf Harris Show" for eight episodes and on "Seaside Special" for three episodes. In the late 1970s he re-located to Los Angeles for a time. He returned to Australia where he briefly hosted the game show "Child's Play" for the Seven Network in 1984. Then from July 1985 to October 1987 he appeared in the Australian stage production of "Cats" in the role of Rum Tum Tugger in both the Sydney run alongside Debra Byrne, Marina Prior and Anita Louise Combe; and then the Melbourne season; he also performed on the original Australian cast album. He then went on to club work. Phillips was a regular TVW-7 personality who often performed Cliff Richard material on various "Tonight" shows. In 1991 he hosted the Ten Network TV talent show, "Star Search", where finalists were determined by phone-in votes from viewers. In March 1992 he had a guest role on soap opera, "Chances", he described his work as having "some steamy scenes and it will attract a bit of interest".

</doc>
<doc id="9911295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911295" title="Hinduism in Ethiopia">
Hinduism in Ethiopia

Introduction.
Ancient links between India and Ethiopia have existed even before history was recorded during the Auximite period (2nd to 9th Century A.D.) According to historian Richard Pankhurst, "contacts between the land which came to be known as Ethiopia and India date back to the dawn of history." Trade between India and the Axumite Kingdom flourished in the 6th century A.D. The ancient port of Adulis served as an entry-pot and the hub of maritime trade where Indian traders flocked to trade in spices and silk for ivory and gold.
In later periods, the arrival of Indians in the 17th Century with the support of the Portuguese, the Indian troops in 1868 brought by Robert Napier who was then the Commander-in-Chief of the British Army in Bombay and in 1935 when fascist Italy invaded Ethiopia were important events. Indian artisans and workers played an important role in the development of the famous city of Gondar and the Palace of Emperor Fasilidas [http://meaindia.nic.in/foreignrelation/03fr04.pdf]
General Rawley had been loaned by India to set up a Military Academy for Ethiopia. A large number of Indians had been employed between the late sixties and the nineties on a contractual basis to teach in the country’s primary and secondary schools. But with the overthrow of Emperor Haile Selassie by Colonel Mengistu, the new communist regime introduced a policy of “Ethiopianisation” which meant that foreigners were not allowed to teach in Ethiopian schools. Consequently, all the teachers and a large number of Indian businessmen moved to other destinations.
Only a few Indians remained behind, among whom were those who had settled down in the country for more than three generations [http://indiandiaspora.nic.in/diasporapdf/chapter8.pdf]
Hindus in Ethiopia.
At one time there were more than 9000 families in Ethiopia. By the mid-80s their number had come down to 8000. Presently, the Indian community numbers approximately 1500 nationals plus an approx. number of 400 teaching staff on contractual assignment [http://meaindia.nic.in/foreignrelation/03fr04.pdf]
Around a hundred of them are businessmen. Mainly from Gujarat, they work as commission agents of various import-export companies.
Another 150 are professors who teach in the Defence Ministry’s Engineering College and in various faculties of leading Ethiopian universities and other institutions of higher learning,while two professor are there in Mekelle University serving in the department of Sociology. Six of them teach in the Civil Services College, a prestigious institution under the Prime Minister’sOffice that is similar to our Administrative Staff College. As many as 15 Indian professionals are on the staff of various UN agencies in Addis Ababa [http://indiandiaspora.nic.in/diasporapdf/chapter8.pdf]
Indian Associations in Ethiopia.
There are three associations, The Indian Association set up in 1937, The Hindu Mahajan and The Malayalam Association. There is also an Indian National School which is an autonomous institution set up in 1947 under the auspices of the Indian Association [http://meaindia.nic.in/foreignrelation/03fr04.pdf]
Hindus are allowed cremation rights in Hindu Mahajan located in Addis Ababa.
Indian businessmen.
Indian businessmen run two of the three Indian restaurants in Addis Ababa. Several Indian PSUs - TCIL, WAPCOS, RITES, ICT, Lea Associates South Asia Pvt. etc. have won a number of contracts. Lea Associates had successfully completed 6 Prestigious Highway Projects in different parts of Ethiopia and 4 projects are still undergoing. Their officials in Ethiopia enjoy a good rapport with their local counterparts. All in all, Ethiopians hold the Indian community in high esteem.
Mr. Brijesh Tomar from Delhi is having a Distillery unit and a liquor bottling unit in Dukem very near to Addis Ababa and also doing some other business like supply of Effluent treatment plants, water treatment plants, Boiler, turbines, chemicals etc. in Addis Ababa.
He want to make an association of Indian community in Ethiopia .

</doc>
<doc id="9911310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911310" title="Jimmy LaFave">
Jimmy LaFave

Jimmy LaFave (born July 12, 1955) is an American singer-songwriter and folk musician born in Wills Point, Texas. After moving to Stillwater, Oklahoma, LaFave crafted a musical style called Red Dirt music and became a disciple of the state's most famous folk musician: Woody Guthrie. LaFave is an Advisory Board member and regular performer at the annual Woody Guthrie Folk Festival. In 1996 he received the Kerrville Folk Festival songwriter of the year award and appeared on the TV show Austin City Limits. He has recorded 15 albums and his 2007 release, "Cimarron Manifesto", reached the No. 1 mark on the Americana Music Association album chart. In 2012, LaFave released the studio album "Depending On The Distance".
Early life.
While living in Wills Point, Texas, LaFave began playing the drums and later moved to Stillwater, Oklahoma and played in the school band. At age 15 LaFave switched to guitar and began writing and singing his own songs in a band called The Night Tribe.
Career.
After graduating from high school LaFave played music at night while working during the day. He had a job as the manager of a music club called Up Your Alley and during this period recorded the albums "Down Under" in 1979 and "Broken Line" in 1981. After traveling to several other cities, LaFave relocated to Austin, Texas. Mixing blues, jazz, and country influences he began writing songs inspired by J. J. Cale, Chet Baker, Bob Dylan and Leon Russell.
1992 to 2004.
In 1992 La Fave signed with Colorado-based Bohemia Beat Records and recorded his debut album "Austin Skyline" which included four Bob Dylan songs and consisted of live performances and recordings from Marcia Ball's home studio. The debut album was followed by "Highway Trance" in 1994 and "Buffalo Return to the Plains" in 1995. Between 1997 and 2001, LaFave released three more albums on the label including the 1999 double-CD "Trail", which was a 15-year retrospective of live performances and studio outtakes. In December 1995, LaFave won the Songwriter of the Year Award at the Kerrville Folk Festival and in March 1996, received the same honor at the Austin Music Awards sponsored by The Austin Chronicle. LaFave gained nationwide exposure in 1996 through his appearance on the PBS music show Austin City Limits when he was paired with Lisa Loeb for an evening of "acoustic ballads and electrified folk-rock numbers". In 1996, LaFave made an appearance at a tribute to Woody Guthrie held at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at the invitation of Guthrie’s daughter. 
In 1998, LaFave began attending the annual Woody Guthrie Folk Festivals held in Guthrie's hometown of Okemah, Oklahoma and in 2007 became a member of the Woody Guthrie Coalition that organizes the festival. LaFave says Woody Guthrie is his musical hero pays homage to him in the song"Woody Guthrie" on the "Texoma" album. Album reviewers described it as "reminiscient of the Dust Bowl heritage of Woody Guthrie, the early rock of Chuck Berry, the quiet folk reflections of Bob Dylan, and the rock anthems of Bruce Springsteen." and "honest, thoughtful and sincere" music. LaFave's "red dirt music" sound has been described as a mix of rock, folk, rockabilly, and country, grounded in the landscape of Texas and Oklahoma and can be heard on this album.
2005 to present.
In 2003, LaFave produced a Woody Guthrie tribute show called "Ribbon of Highway, Endless Skyway". The ensemble show toured around the country and included a rotating cast of singer-songwriters individually performing Guthrie's songs. Interspersed between songs were Guthrie's philosophical writings read by a narrator. In addition to LaFave, members of the rotating cast included Ellis Paul, Slaid Cleaves, Eliza Gilkyson, Joel Rafael, husband-wife duo Sarah Lee Guthrie (Woody Guthrie's granddaughter) and Johnny Irion, Michael Fracasso, and The Burns Sisters. The Godfather of Red Dirt Music Bob Childers, also known as "the Dylan of the Dust," served as narrator. When word spread about the tour, performers began contacting LaFave, whose only prerequisite was to have an inspirational connection to Guthrie. Each artist chose the Guthrie songs that he or she would perform as part of the tribute. One of the songs Gilkyson chose was "Pastures of Plenty", while Cleaves chose "This Morning I Am Born Again" - a song he wrote using Guthrie's lyrics. One of the songs Paul chose was a song he wrote using Guthrie's lyrics - "God's Promise". LaFave said, "It works because all the performers are Guthrie enthusiasts in some form". The Ribbon of Highway tour kicked-off on February 5, 2003 at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville. The abbreviated show was a featured segment of "Nashville Sings Woody," yet another tribute concert to commemorate the music of Woody Guthrie held during the Folk Alliance Conference. The cast of "Nashville Sings Woody," a benefit for the Woody Guthrie Foundation and Archives, also included Arlo Guthrie, Marty Stuart, Nanci Griffith, Guy Clark, Ramblin' Jack Elliott, Janis Ian, and others. Also in 2007 at Nora Guthrie's invitation, LaFave spoke and performed at Woody Guthrie's induction into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame.
LaFave left Bohemia Beat for Red House Records and released his 2005 album "Blue Nightfall" which one reviewer called his "best work yet" and "a great introduction to an important artist". LaFave's second release for Red House Records was the 2007 album "Cimarron Manifesto" which went to No. 1 on the Americana Music Association chart. In his review of LaFave's "Cimarron Manifesto" (2007) for the FolkWax E-Zine, Arthur Wood calls LaFave "one of the finest Dylan interpreters ever. 
Also in 2007, LaFave joined forces with recording engineer Fred Remmert and Dallas businessman Kelcy Warren to create Music Road Records, located in Austin, Texas. Music Road Records owns and operates two Texas-based recording facilities: Cedar Creek Recording in Austin and Cherokee Creek Recording in the Texas Hill Country. "Favorites 1992-2001", a retrospective from LaFave's years on the Bohemia Beat label, was released by Music Road Records in 2010.
LaFave's 14th release, "Depending On The Distance", was released on September 18, 2012. Backing musicians include Austin's Eliza Gilkyson and John Inmon. The 13-track release includes three Dylan covers, including a version of "Red River Shore" that runs more than nine minutes. In her review for "The Oklahoman", Brandy McDonnell said: "Jimmy LaFave’s first studio album in five years, lives up to the intriguing promise of its title, finding the Oklahoma-Texas troubadour in a contemplative mood whether he is crooning his new original songs, covering an ’80s pop smash or reinterpreting anthems penned by Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen."

</doc>
<doc id="9911338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911338" title="First look deal">
First look deal

A first look deal is any contract containing a clause granting, usually for a fee or other consideration that covers a specified period of time, a right of pre-emption, right of first refusal, or right of first offer (also called a right of first negotiation) to another party, who then is given the first opportunity to buy outright, co-own, invest in, license, etc., something that is newly coming into existence or on the market for the first time or after an absence, such as intellectual property (manuscript, musical composition, invention, artwork, business idea, etc.) or real property (real estate).
In the film industry, it is an agreement between a writer and an independent producer (production company) or an independent producer and a film studio in which the potential buyer (producer or studio) of a not-yet-written script or in-development movie or television project pays a development fee to the writer or producer for the right to have the first look at the new material before others in the industry get to see it, and at that time make an offer to purchase or distribute or adhere to purchase or distribution terms already stated in the agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="9911342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911342" title="Rupert of Deutz">
Rupert of Deutz

Rupert of Deutz (born c. 1075-1080, died c 1129 in Deutz) was an influential Benedictine theologian, exegete and writer on liturgical and musical topics.
He was from Liège, and late in life became abbot of Deutz Abbey. His works include:
His works were later scrutinized in relation with the doctrine of impanation, a Eucharistic heresy according to the Roman Catholic Church because, contrary to the dogma of transubstantiation wherein the substance (but not the appearances and physical characteristics) of the bread and wine is wholly converted into the substance of Christ's Body and Blood, united to his divine person, impanation maintains that Christ directly unites the substance of the bread and wine to his divine person (or sometimes to his human nature), just as he united his own body and blood to his divine person. They influenced the theology in particular of Honorius Augustodunensis and Gerhoch of Reichersberg.

</doc>
<doc id="9911345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911345" title="International Trade Centre">
International Trade Centre

The International Trade Centre (ITC) () is a subsidiary organization of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and provides trade-related technical assistance. Whereas the WTO mainly deals with the rules of international trade and UNCTAD with research and advocacy, ITC's mandate is far more narrow as it is solely concerned with helping (so-called) developing and transition economies to promote their exports. The pure focus on technical assistance is rare within the UN system as most other organizations that provide technical assistance usually engage in multiple areas and kinds of assistance.
ITC has its headquarters in Geneva and one field office in Mexico City.
History.
ITC is the successor of the International Trade Information Centre, which the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) established in 1964 “for the purpose of assisting the export promotion efforts of the developing countries” by providing them “with information on export markets and marketing, and to help them develop their export promotion services and train the personnel needed for these services.” In an effort to streamline the United Nation's export promotion efforts, an agreement was reached between the GATT, which at that time and in contrast to its successor, the WTO, was part of the United Nations system, and the newly established UNCTAD, to merge the activities of the two organizations by creating a joint subsidiary. The agreement was reached in 1967 and the International Trade Centre (the explicit reference to "information" was dropped) was officially established on 1 January 1968.
Technical assistance offering.
ITC's service offering is nowhere described in a systematical way. Thus, the following description necessarily contains inaccuracies. ITC offers numerous different services to its beneficiaries. In doing so it differentiates between three groups of target beneficiaries: Policymakers trade-support institutions, and enterprises. Some services are specifically designed for one of these groups while others have a universal character. In principle, there is no predefined list of services that ITC is limited to: Services are being developed depending on requests of beneficiary countries or donors.
Since the latest major restructuring between 2006-2009, ITC itself categorizes its services in five thematic clusters called "business lines": Export Strategies, Business and Trade Policy, Trade Support Institution Strengthening, Exporter Competitiveness, and Trade Intelligence.
In addition to falling into one of these business lines, each of ITC's services can be categorized according to the way it is being provided, i.e., as a publication, trade intelligence database, capacity building (i.e., training), or advisory service.
For illustration purposes, capacity building in the area of exporter competitiveness could represent a training to enterprises about how to overcome technical barriers to trade and a database in the area of trade intelligence could represent an online database for international trade in goods and services.
Executive Directors.
ITC had since its creation in 1964 six Executive Directors. Twice in its history the position was vacant: in the early Seventies and the early Nineties.
ITC's Executive Director is a senior international civil servant of the United Nations with the level of Assistant Secretary-General. ITC's Executive Director as well as the Deputy-Executive Director are appointed by the heads of its two parent organizations: the Director-General of the WTO and the Secretary-General of the UNCTAD.

</doc>
<doc id="9911369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911369" title="Reverse Krebs cycle">
Reverse Krebs cycle

The reverse Krebs cycle (also known as the reverse tricarboxylic acid cycle, the reverse TCA cycle, or the reverse citric acid cycle) 
is a sequence of chemical reactions that are used by some bacteria to produce carbon compounds from carbon dioxide and water.
The reaction is the citric acid cycle run in reverse: Where the Krebs cycle takes complex carbon molecules in the form of sugars and oxidizes them to CO2 and water, the reverse cycle takes CO2 and water to make carbon compounds.
This process is used by some bacteria to synthesise carbon compounds, sometimes using hydrogen, sulfide, or thiosulfate as electron donors. In this process, it can be seen as an alternative to the fixation of inorganic carbon in the reductive pentose phosphate cycle which occurs in a wide variety of microbes and higher organisms.
The reaction is a possible candidate for prebiotic early-earth conditions and, so, is of interest in the research of the origin of life. It has been found that some of the steps can be catalysed by minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="9911373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911373" title="Carina, Victoria">
Carina, Victoria

Carina is a locality situated in the Sunraysia region. The place by road, is situated about 10 kilometres east from Panitya and 14 kilometres west from Murrayville. 
Carina Post Office opened on 17 June 1923 and closed in 1949.
The area of the locality contains a number of smaller areas such as Mulcra which had a post office open from 1910 until 1968 and Boltons Bore.

</doc>
<doc id="9911383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911383" title="First Cemetery of Athens">
First Cemetery of Athens

The First Cemetery of Athens () is the official cemetery of the City of Athens and the first to be built. It opened in 1837 and soon became a luxurious cemetery for famous Greek people and foreigners.
The cemetery is located behind the Temple of Olympian Zeus and the Panathinaiko Stadium in central Athens. It can be found at the top end of Anapafseos Street (Eternal Rest Street). It is large green space including pines and cypresses.
In the cemetery there are three churches. The main is the Church of Saint Theodores and there is also a smaller of Saint Lazarus. The third church is a Catholic church. The cemetery includes the tomb of Heinrich Schliemann, designed by Ernst Ziller, the tomb of Ioannis Pesmazoglou, that of Georgios Averoff, and one named "I Koimomeni" (the Sleeping Girl), by the sculptor Yannoulis Chalepas, from the island Tinos. There are also separate burial places for Protestants and Jews.
The cemetery is under the Municipality of Athens and it is declared as an historical monument.

</doc>
<doc id="9911385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911385" title="Marcus Ward &amp; Co">
Marcus Ward &amp; Co

Marcus Ward and Co. had its beginnings back in 1802 with a partnership between John Ward, James Blow and Robert Greenfield. By the 1820s they owned paper mills in Belfast, Comber and Coleraine which operated under the company name of John Ward and Sons. It was in the early 1830s that Marcus Ward (son of John Ward) took over the running of the Belfast paper mill. Then in the mid-1830s Marcus formed a new company called Marcus Ward & Sons based in Belfast. Marcus gave the company a new direction in stationery and general publishing. Marcus Ward and Sons soon became very successful in the area of colour lithography winning a medal at the Great Exhibition of 1851. By the time Marcus died in 1847 his three sons Francis, William and John had successfully taken over the running of the business. (In later life John was an FSA, committee member of the Egypt Exploration Society and author of several titles on Middle Eastern archaeology, sometimes illustrated by his own watercolours.)
In the 1860s Marcus Ward & Co began mass-producing calendars and greeting cards. Initially they printed cards for other publishers such as Goodall and Charles Bennett. By the late 1860s they began printing greeting cards under their own name. This venture turned out to be very successful, the company engaging Thomas Crane as artistic director and talented artists such as Kate Greenaway and Walter Crane as illustrators. In the early years of card production they marked the reverse with their trademark. In later years the company name was printed on the front side of their greeting cards.

</doc>
<doc id="9911394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911394" title="Zendeh Jan">
Zendeh Jan

Zinda Jan (Zindehjan, Fushanj) is a town located in the valley of the Hari River in the central part of Herat Province, Afghanistan at at 835 m altitude. It is 14 km east of Baranabad, and is the administrative seat of Zendeh Jan District. The population is 10,418 (est. 2007). Overlooking the town is the Seyyed Mohammad Khan fort (built after 1863) about 2 km to the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="9911405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911405" title="Charles Wyatt">
Charles Wyatt

Charles Wyatt (1758 – 13 March 1819) was an English architect and Member of Parliament for Sudbury, Suffolk.
He was the son of William Wyatt (died 1780, steward to Lord Uxbridge in Staffordshire), nephew to the architects James Wyatt and Samuel Wyatt, and cousin to Sir Jeffry Wyattville. He joined the East India Company in 1780 as a cadet, sailing for India aboard the ship "Mount Stewart" on 27 June of the same year, but the ship was captured by the French and Spanish fleets and returned to England. His second attempt to reach India was successful, arriving in 1782. He joined the Bengal Engineers, eventually being promoted in 1800 to Captain and Commissioner of Police.
His opportunity to design buildings came in 1798 when The Marquess of Wellesley arrived in Calcutta as Governor-General and selected Wyatt to design the new Government House, Calcutta, which opened in 1803. The design was based on Kedleston Hall. Wyatt also designed alteration's to Wellesley's country residence at Barrackpore. In June 1803 he was made Superintendent of Public Works.
Having made a fortune in India, Wyatt retired in October 1806, buying a country villa just outside London called Ealing Grove, not far from Sir John Soane's villa at Pitzhanger Manor. He was elected as Tory MP for Sudbury, Suffolk in two successive parliaments, serving from 1812 to 1818.
He died in 1819 at Foley House, his London home in Portland Place. He had married Charlotte (née Greentree) Drake, widow of George Drake of the Bombay Marines, in 1787.

</doc>
<doc id="9911412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911412" title="Daga River">
Daga River

Daga River may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9911425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911425" title="Joel Rafael">
Joel Rafael

Joel Rafael is an American singer-songwriter and folk musician from San Diego County, California.
Described as a natural interpreter of Woody Guthrie's lyrics and music, "Woodyboye", Rafael's second volume to celebrate the songs of Woody Guthrie, was released on Appleseed in 2005. The first volume, "Woodeye", was released on Inside Recordings in 2003. Joel and his acoustic band have been performing and touring the country since 1993 and the Joel Rafael Band is considered one of the most refreshing new acts on the national folk festival scene. In 2000, the Joel Rafael Band, comprising Joel Rafael, (lead vocals and guitar), his daughter Jamaica (violin, viola and vocals), Carl Johnson (acoustic lead guitar) and Jeff Berkley (ethno-percussion), released their third album, "Hopper" on Inside Recordings, an independent label created by Jackson Browne and his management. The album was nominated in 2001 for an Association For Independent Music (AFIM) Best Contemporary Folk award. 
Early life.
Rafael was born in Chicago and raised in the San Gabriel Valley suburbs of Los Angeles. His music education began with grade school music lessons beginning with accordion lessons at age eight closely followed by the snare drum. Rafael played in the school band through junior high school. It was not until high school that he picked up the guitar. During high school he also began writing songs, including the theme song for a play produced by his school's drama department. 
Career.
Although he was exposed to and loved music from the time he was a child, it was the folk music of the early 1960s that began to stir his interest in writing as he studied the writing and performing styles of Woody Guthrie, The Limelighters, Joan Baez, Bob Dylan, Ian and Sylvia, Ramblin' Jack Elliott and dozens of others. Although Rafael moved to the Northwest in the late 60s, he and his wife eventually returned to California settling in the rural foothills of North San Diego County. There, while raising a family, Rafael continued to chronicle his life and times in song. During the 1970s, 80s and early 90s, Rafael performed around southern California in various groups including as a duo with Rosie Flores. As a solo performer and with his band, he opened shows throughout the southwestern United States for artists including Crosby, Stills and Nash, Sheryl Crow, Laura Nyro, Taj Mahal, Iris DeMent, Emmylou Harris and the legendary John Lee Hooker. 
In the early 1990s, when the AAA radio format came into being, KKOS in Carlsbad, California was one of the first radio stations to adopt the diverse format. Rafael found himself on the air along with artists from a variety of genres. "Because the format allowed something new, when I put my album out, it got added to the regular rotation" at KKOS, he said. KKOS was a commercial station paying royalties for the songs it aired and filing logs of its playlists with national reporting agencies - providing Rafael with his first national exposure.
In 1994, the Joel Rafael Band released their first CD on Rafael's own Reluctant Angel Records. The album won the San Diego CCMA award that year. In 1995, Rafael was recognized with the Kerrville Folk Festival's New Folk Emerging songwriter award.In 1996, the band released a second CD, "Old Wood Barn", which was an Americana Hot Pick in GAVIN. Their third release "Hopper" was released in 2000 and produced by Rafael with the help of Dan Rothchild (Better than Ezra, The Lost Butterfield Tapes), who also played bass. Paul Dieter engineered and mixed the recording.
In 2003 Rafael was invited to perform in the Ribbon of Highway, Endless Skyway tribute show to honor Woody Guthrie. The ensemble show, which was the brainchild of Texas singer-songwriter Jimmy LaFave, toured around the country and included a rotating cast of singer-songwriters individually performing Guthrie's songs. Interspersed between songs were Guthrie's philosophical writings read by a narrator. In addition to LaFave members of the rotating cast included Ellis Paul, Slaid Cleaves, Eliza Gilkyson, husband-wife duo Sarah Lee Guthrie (Woody Guthrie's granddaughter) and Johnny Irion, Michael Fracasso, and The Burns Sisters. Oklahoma songwriter Bob Childers, sometimes called "the Dylan of the Dust," served as narrator. 
Also in 2003 Rafael's first collection of Woody Guthrie songs, "Woodeye: Songs of Woody Guthrie", was released. The album included 14 songs, 12 which were penned by Guthrie, one by Rafael, and one unpublished lyric, "Dance A Little Longer", is a co-write with words by Guthrie and music by Rafael. The album also includes guest appearances by Jennifer Warnes, Ellis Paul, Van Dyke Parks, and Matt Cartsonis. "I really wanted to make a recording that would be a Woody Guthrie experience for a new audience: a collection of songs, both familiar and rare, that would bring Woody's material within reach of the ears of today's listeners," explains Rafael. In her review of "Woodeye" for the North County Times, Kathy Klassen said, "Truly, this entire CD is memorable, and not just because of the songs of Woody Guthrie. Rafael, his band and collaborators offer a cohesive and interesting musical presentation that is only occasionally a tad overproduced. For the most part this album is a gift." 
Two years later in 2005, Rafael released "Woodyboye: Songs Of Woody Guthrie And Tales Worth Telling, Vol. 2", an album that includes four previously unpublished Guthrie lyrics. Special guests Jackson Browne, Van Dyke Parks, Jimmy LaFave and Jennifer Warnes cameo with Rafael and his core band that includes daughter Jamaica on violin and vocals, Carl Johnson on acoustic lead, Will Landin on bass, and Mauricio Lewak on drums. "Together they authentically and emphatically bring Guthrie - the man and his music - into the new century as vibrantly as the first day Woody hit the dusty roads." 
In July 2007, Rafael was one of seven performers honored at the Woody Guthrie Folk Festival. Festival organizers honored those artists who had performed at all ten festivals since the first in 1998. The honorees performed at a benefit show titled "In the Spirit of Woody Guthrie". In addition to Rafael, honorees were Jimmy LaFave, Don Conoscenti, Ellis Paul, Bob Childers, Terry "Buffalo" Ware and the Red Dirt Rangers. 
In April 2008, Rafael released "Thirteen Stories High", the first album of original material since "Hopper" was released in 2000. "Thirteen Stories High" opens with a simply-worded protest song "This Is My Country," featuring backing vocals by David Crosby and Graham Nash. Nash said "I wish I had written this song. So powerful and profound - a call from his heart to ours."

</doc>
<doc id="9911510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911510" title="Nakajima E4N">
Nakajima E4N

The Nakajima E4N was a shipboard reconnaissance aircraft of the Imperial Japanese Navy in the 1930s. It was a two-seat, single-engine, equal-span biplane seaplane.
Development.
The first prototype of the Type 90-2 Reconnaissance Seaplane, or E4N1, flew in 1930. This was fitted with twin floats and had no cowling for the engine. This prototype was rejected.
The type was completely redesigned as the Type 90-2-2 or E4N2, with a single main-float and twin, wing-mounted outriggers and introduced a cowled engine. This entered production for the Navy in 1931.
A landplane version of the Type 90-2-2 was developed as the E4N2-C with a tailwheel undercarriage
Operational history.
The E4N2 was employed as a shipboard spotter aircraft launched by catapult.
In 1933, nine E4N2-C airframes were converted to P1 mail planes. Single-seat landplanes with an enclosed cockpit, these were employed on night-mail services between the Japanese Home Islands.
Variants.
(Navy Type 90-2-1 Reconnaissance Seaplane) twin-float seaplane, Nakajima NZ - two prototypes only.

</doc>
<doc id="9911517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911517" title="James Grimston, 3rd Viscount Grimston">
James Grimston, 3rd Viscount Grimston

James Bucknall Grimston, 3rd Viscount Grimston (9 May 1747 – 30 December 1808) was a British peer, born the heir to his Irish peerage, and Member of Parliament whose service in Parliament for seven years led to his, and his male descendants', ennoblement into the Peerage of Great Britain.
Grimston was the son of James Grimston, 2nd Viscount Grimston, and Mary Bucknall. He was educated at Eton and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He succeeded his father in the viscountcy in 1773 but as this was an Irish peerage it did not entitle him to a seat in the House of Lords. He was instead elected to the House of Commons for St Albans in 1783, a seat he held until the next year's election, where he instead stood for and represented the larger, county level seat of Hertfordshire from 1784 to 1790. In 1790 he was created Baron Verulam, of Gorhambury in the County of Hertford, in the Peerage of Great Britain, which gave him a seat in the House of Lords.
Lord Grimston married Harriot Walter, daughter of Edward Walter of Bury Hill, Westcott, Surrey and Harriot Forrester, daughter of George Forrester, 5th Lord Forrester. He died in December 1808, aged 61, and was succeeded in his titles by his son James, who was created Earl of Verulam in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="9911528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911528" title="Philip Wyatt">
Philip Wyatt

Philip William Wyatt (died 1835) was an English architect, the youngest son of the architect James Wyatt nephew of Samuel Wyatt, cousin to Sir Jeffry Wyattville. 
His two major commissions were Conishead Priory 1821-1836, a large gothic revival mansion in Lancashire and Wynyard Park, County Durham a large Neo-Classical Mansion for the 3rd Marquess of Londonderry 1822-30.
His brother Benjamin Dean Wyatt was also an architect and collaborated on some commissions with him, such as the new club house in Hanover Square for the Oriental Club (1827-1828), also they were joint architects for Crockford's Club, St. James Street, London (1827) and Londonderry House 
(1825–28) demolished 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9911532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911532" title="Screenplaying">
Screenplaying

Screenplaying is a compilation album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 9 November 1993 by Vertigo Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains previously released tracks from Knopfler's soundtrack albums "Cal" (1984), "Last Exit to Brooklyn" (1989), "The Princess Bride" (1987), and "Local Hero" (1983).
Critical reception.
In his review for AllMusic, William Ruhlmann gave the album four and a half out of five stars, writing, "The music is reminiscent of the calmer parts of Dire Straits songs: melodic, lyrical, and touching."
Track listing.
All music was written by Mark Knopfler, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="9911545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911545" title="B4058 road">
B4058 road

The B4058 is a minor road in southwest England. It starts in Eastville, a suburb of Bristol and ends at Nailsworth in the Cotswolds, passing through the counties of Bristol, South Gloucestershire and Gloucestershire.
Route.
The B4058's southern terminus is with the A432 in Eastville, a suburb of Bristol From there it heads north to where it meets the M32 motorway at junction 2, whence it continues north, through Stapleton, Broomhill and Frenchay before meeting the A4174 ring road, on the outskirts of Frenchay.
North of the ring road the B4058, called Winterbourne Hill, passes through Hambrook, then into Winterbourne, where it becomes High Street. After Winterbourne, the road is known as Bristol Road; it passes through Frampton Cotterell and Iron Acton. After Iron Acton the road becomes the B4059 on towards Yate and Engine Common. The B4058 turns right and heads north, through Rangeworthy, Bagstone, Cromhall and Charfield, where it passes into Gloucestershire. From there it continues to Wotton under Edge. After Wotton the road continues through the Cotswolds to its northern terminus at Nailsworth 

</doc>
<doc id="9911554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911554" title="Jack Pettigrew">
Jack Pettigrew

John Douglas ("Jack") Pettigrew (born 2 October 1943 in Wagga Wagga) is Emeritus Professor of Physiology and Director of the Vision, Touch and Hearing Research Centre at the University of Queensland in Australia. 
Professor Pettigrew's research interest is in comparative neuroscience. He has studied a variety of different birds and mammals with modern neural tracing techniques to unravel principles of brain organization. He was the chief proponent of the Flying primates theory, which was based on the similarity between the brains of megabats and primates. Special emphasis is placed on the visual, auditory and somatosensory systems.
Professor Pettigrew was the first person to clarify the neurobiological basis of stereopsis when he described neurones sensitive to binocular disparity. His recent studies indicate a role for non-visual pathways in the phenomenon of developmental plasticity during the postnatal "critical period". He discovered that owls have independently evolved a system of binocular neurones like those found in mammals. Recent work uses binocular rivalry as an assay for interhemispheric switching, whose rhythm is altered in bipolar disorder. His scientific work was recognized by several honours and awards, including becoming a Fellow of the Royal Society of London (FRS) and Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science (FAAS), and the Centenary Medal in 2001 for service to Australian society and science in phylogeny.

</doc>
<doc id="9911562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911562" title="Kanlayanee Si Thammarat School">
Kanlayanee Si Thammarat School

Kanlayanee Si Thammarat School ()) is a high school in Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand which was established in 1918 as a provincial girls' school ())

</doc>
<doc id="9911574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911574" title="Shaun Rubenstein">
Shaun Rubenstein

Shaun Rubenstein (born 5 November 1983, in Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa) is a South African canoer.
Career.
As a junior canoeist, Rubenstein competed in all forms of the sport, from sprints to river marathons. He was a member of the South African junior sprint and flat-water marathon teams, competing internationally. His best junior result was at the 2001 World Marathon Champs where he won a bronze medal in the K-1 event.
He has been competing internationally at senior level since 2002.
World Marathon Championships.
In September 2006 at the World Marathon Championships in Tremolat, Shaun competed in both the K-1 event, where he won the gold medal, and the K2 event, where he won the silver medal with his partner Shaun Biggs, over Marathon legend Manual Busto Fernandes and his K2 partner Emilio Merchan Alonso. Two years prior in 2004 Shaun placed third at the ICF Canoe Marathon World Championships in Bergen, Norway.
Beijing Olympics 2008.
Rubenstein competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, but was eliminated in the semifinals of both the K-1 500 m and the K-1 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="9911576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911576" title="Hong Yun-suk">
Hong Yun-suk

Hong Yun-Suk (born in Chongju, North Pyongan Province, Korea in 1925) is considered one of the leading Korean woman poets of her generation. She is also known by her pen name YeoSa (Beautiful Story).
Life.
Although born in North Korea, Hong Yun-Suk has lived in Seoul most of her life. Upon graduating from DongDuk Girls’ School and Seoul College of Teachers (경성 여자 사범학교, 1944), she worked as a teacher for a few years before beginning her studies at the College of Education at Seoul National University. She was an active member of the Theater Club at the college, acted as the first secretary, and played many roles on stage as well as writing plays.She was unable to finish her education, however, due to the outbreak of the Korean War. Hong Yunsuk later served as president of Hangug-yeolyu-munhag-inhoe and Hangugsi-inhyeobhoe. Her literary and political foundations were established during this period of post WWII and pre-Korean War. Throughout her life, she worked as a teacher, reporter, and a lecturer at Sangmyung Women’s College.
Work.
Hong Yun-Suk first published a poem “Fall” in Literary Times (Mun Ye ShinBo) in 1947. In the same time frame, her play was selected in the prestigious “New Spring Literary Debut” by ChoSun IlBo. Much of her earlier work from this period was lost during the Korean War. Her first poetry book, “YeoSa ShiJip,” was published in 1962. Since then she has published 17 volumes of original poetry as well as numerous collections of essays, plays, and poetic plays. She has received many awards and is a member of National Academy of Arts. Her continued literary endeavors were most recently recognized in 2012 when she received the 4th Ku Sang Literary Award. Her contemporary poets include Ku Sang, Ko Un, and Kim Nam-Jo.
According to the specialist on Korean poetry, Brother Anthony, "Her vision of life is deeply affected by the suffering brought by the Korean War and the lasting division of Korea. Her poetic universe is often dark and inclined to pessimism. Perhaps the fact that she is unable to visit her native region in the North helps to explain the many images of life as an unending journey found in her work. The themes of individual solitude and of the emptiness of modern life are expressed in many poems. When she tackles more public themes, the longing for the reunification of Korea dominates her concerns."

</doc>
<doc id="9911623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911623" title="Yatterman">
Yatterman

A remake of "Yatterman" has been airing on NTV and Yomiuri TV since January 14, 2008 and was concluded on September 27, 2009, with the original voice actors for the Dorombo gang. A live-action adaptation was released theatrically in March 2009.
Plot.
A mysterious stone known as is scattered across the planet, and it holds the power to reveal the location of the largest deposit of gold in the world. The " Gang, the three villains, are searching for the Skull Stone. Standing in their way are Gan and Ai who, teamed up with their large mechanical dog Yatterwan, become the masked heroes Yatterman-1 and Yatterman-2.
Unlike the previous series in the "Time Bokan" lineup, Yatterman does not cover any specific time/space travel. Instead, the places the characters travel to and the individuals they meet are either a homage or parody. The fictional characters or places are usually represented by purposely misspelled names or familiar actions. For example, a revolution leader is named "Yashington" as a homage to George Washington; and a place resembling ancient Japan is named "Yametai" "((I) want to stop)", as a spoof of Yamatai.
Mechas.
The villains' machines.
The shape and function of their mechas is fully dependent on the theme of the scam-business they run at the beginning of each episode. Their machines usually feature a familiar interior with Boyacky and Tonzura sitting at the sides, and Doronjo sitting in the middle bossing the two. The villains' machines are often seen packing a lot of weaponry and usually temporarily defeat Yatterman mechas at the beginning of each fight. Later in the show, the villains start to deploy their own armies of miniature robots to counter those of Yatterman.
Media.
1977 television series.
The original series aired on Fuji TV between January 1, 1977 and January 27, 1979, running for 108 episodes. For episodes 1-58, the opening theme is by Masayuki Yamamoto whilst the ending theme is by Noriko Ohara, Jōji Yanami and Kazuya Tatekabe. For episodes 59-108, the opening theme is by Yamamoto whilst the ending theme is by Ohara, Yanami and Tatekabe. The series also aired in Spain, Italy and Poland.
2008 television series.
Nearly 31 years following the previous series, a remake of the series aired on YTV between January 14, 2008 and September 27, 2009, running for 60 episodes. The story is a retelling of the original series, with more modern references to suit the current tastes. The opening themes are variations of "Yatterman's Theme" sung by, in order, Saemon Onyakichi, ET-KING, Yuki Nishio, Nakano-Bujo Sisters and Toshihiko Takamizawa, with the final episode using the original version by Yamamoto. The ending themes in order are "diverge" by mihimaru GT, by Juleps, by Manami Kurose, by ET-KING, "Give Me Up" by Nami Tamaki, by Nakano-Bujo Sisters and by Wakaba. The series, along with the original show is currently streaming in North America via Yomiura Group's planned Anime Sols video service, as of spring 2013. However, due to the failure to successfully crowd-fund it for DVD, the show will soon be removed from the site, with the possibility of considering a crowd-funding opportunity in the future.
On August 22, 2009, an anime film based on the 2008 television series was released in Japan. Titled and directed by Masakazu Hishida, the film opened at #10 with US$702,155 on 210 screens.
Live-action film.
On April 10, 2007, Nikkatsu Corporation agreed to produce two live-action movies based on two popular 1970's anime series: "Yatterman" and "Gatchaman".
Filming began on March 27, 2008, and concluded at the end of May 2008. It is directed by Takashi Miike. Character and mechanical designs were handled by Katsuya Terada, who has worked on "" and "Cutie Honey". The film opened on March 7, 2009, and became Japan's top movie at the box office on its first week. Video label Eureka have licensed released the film on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in the United Kingdom on May 21, 2012. Discotek Media will release the film in North America in 2013.
Video games.
Several video games have been released based on the series. was released for Super Famicom on March 22, 1996. Two Nintendo DS titles based on the 2008 series, and , were released in April 2008 and October 2008 respectively, followed by a Wii title, , released on December 11, 2012.
Yatterman-1 and Doronjo (assisted by Boyacky and Tonzura) appear as playable characters in the cross-over fighting game, ', released by Capcom for Wii in Japan in 2008. A follow up game, ', which was released internationally in 2010, adds Yatterman-2 as a playable character. Doronjo, Boyacky and Tonzura share the same voice actors whilst Yatterman-1 and Yatterman-2 are voiced by Eri Kitamura and Emiri Katō respectively.
Other appearances.
Yatterman also makes an appearance in the third episode of Sket Dance as a playable character.
The animated series "Muteking, The Dashing Warrior", always of Tatsunoko, refers broadly to the style of Yatterman, both as regards the characters, both for the plots of the episodes.
Japanese pro wrestling fed Michinoku Pro is currently running a Yatter Man tribute gimmick, with wrestlers Hercules Senga, Tsutomu Oosugi and Misaki Ohata as "Yapper Man #1", "Yapper Man #2" and "Yapper Man #3". #1 and #2 have been Tohoku Tag Team Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="9911625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911625" title="Sbor">
Sbor

Sbor () is a small village Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. it has 298 inhabitants. The village is situated at 300 m altitude, at 1 km to the east of the main road Pazardzhik-Panagyurishte.
The main agricultural crops raised by the locals are ceareals, peanuts, cherries, apples, grapes. The most widespread domestic animals include sheep, poultry and pheasants. The village has a kindergarten and chitalishte. The main landmark is the 19th-century church "Sv. Ioan Predtecha" (1881). The village is mentioned in an Ottoman document from 1576.
A treasure trove which consists of 503 silver Roman coins was found in the vicinity of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="9911626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911626" title="Florida State Road 569">
Florida State Road 569

State Road 569 (SR 569) is a short state road located entirely in Tampa, Florida. Also known as 39th Street south of 11th Avenue and 40th Street north of it, it is approximately 1½ miles long.
In the future, the I-4/Crosstown Connector will parallel this state route for most of its length.
With 6 lanes, the northern terminus is with an intersection of US 41/SR 599. Formerly, SR 569 had an interchange with Interstate 4 (Exit 2), but later closed in 2005 due to I-4's widening project and the future I-4/Crosstown Connector.
South of I-4, the highway loses a lane in each direction and makes an S bend. It next intersects CR 574, an access road to Ybor City. It then reaches its southern terminus, State Road 60.
SR 569's previous southern terminus was with Exit 10 of the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway (SR 618), which was immediately on the south side of SR 60, but closed May 13, 2010 due to construction of the I-4/Crosstown Connector.

</doc>
<doc id="9911637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911637" title="Book of Discipline">
Book of Discipline

A Book of Discipline or Book of Order is a book detailing the beliefs, practices, doctrines, laws, organisational structure and government of many Christian denominations. They are often re-written by the governing body of the church concerned due to changes in society and the church. Books of Discipline belong to a number of organisations:

</doc>
<doc id="9911651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911651" title="Totensee">
Totensee

Totensee (or "Totesee") is a small natural lake (0.18 km²) at the Grimsel Pass in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is used as a reservoir and drained into Grimselsee. 
In November 2006, the lake's entire trout population died, possibly due to algae.
The name "Totensee" (also: "Lake Toten", literally "Lake of the Dead") is said to be derived from soldiers of Duke Berchtold V of Zähringen driven into the lake by the people of Valais. 

</doc>
<doc id="9911656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911656" title="Robbie O'Malley">
Robbie O'Malley

Robbie O'Malley (born 19 July 1965 in Laytown, County Meath) is an Irish former sportsperson. He played Gaelic football with his local club St. Colmcille's and was a member of the Meath senior inter-county team from 1984 util 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9911657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911657" title="Parachute Troops School">
Parachute Troops School

The ETP - Escola de Tropas Páraquedistas (Parachute Troops School), based in Tancos, Portugal, is a unit of the Portuguese Army and serves as the instruction center for recruitment and training of the Portuguese paratroopers. This unit includes an entire battalion, acting as support and reserve for Airborne units which contains for example, military war dogs and Airborne Pathfinders and an instruction battalion responsible for the forming of new paratroopers.
The "ETP" is part of the Rapid Reaction Brigade that includes other elite units like the Army Comandos and Army Special Operations.
Like other Portuguese Airborne units, the troops of the School are nicknamed ""Boinas Verdes"" (Green Berets) while recruits are nicknamed ""Catatuas"".
History.
Origins.
The Airborne Battalion.
After the successful use of airborne forces in the Second World War by Germany and the Allies, other armed forces began to examine the possibility of forming parachute Troops for special missions. In 1955, Portuguese Defense Ministry cabinet approved a request for funds for airborne paratroop training.
Two Army captains went to France to take the French parachute course at the "École de Troupes Aeroportèes". After the Portuguese Air Force was created as an independent branch of the military, was decided that the paratroopers would be part of the Air Force, much like the German organizational structure during World War II. The "BCP - Batalhão de Caçadores Páraquedistas" (Paratrooper Hunters Battalion) was formed in 1956. The paratroopers were issued unique berets and camo uniforms. Airborne forces initially jumped using the venerable German tri-motored Junkers Ju 52 aircraft. The unit was first deployed to Tancos, which still serves as headquarters for today's Portuguese airborne forces.
Colonial Wars and the Regiment.
In 1961, conflict erupted in the African colonies, which soon evolved into a series of guerrilla campaigns against Portuguese rule. Troops were required to fight in Africa, and the "BCP" became the RCP, or "Regimento de Caçadores Pára-quedistas" (Paratrooper Hunter, or Ranger Regiment). By this time, the men were armed with the modern 7,62mm ArmaLite AR-10 infantry rifle, a weapon previously not seen in Western military forces. The paratroopers liked the accuracy and mobility of the AR-10, but supplies were embargoed after initial deliveries were completed in 1960, and paratroopers were later issued the collapsible-stock variant of the m/961 (G3) rifle. As time went on, more airborne units were created in Angola, Mozambique, and other areas outside Portugal to fight the various separatist guerrilla movements.
Due to Portuguese Air Force control over airborne units, the paratroops' battalion numbers reflected their subordination to local Air Force command, 1st Air Region (Air Force command over north atlantic territories) command 11th (Portugal) and 12th (Guiné-Bissau) Paratrooper Hunter Battalion, 2nd Air Region (Air Force command over South Atlantic territories) command the 21st Paratrooper Hunter Battalion (Angola) and the 3rd Air Region (Air Force command over the Indian ocean territories) command the 31st and 32nd Paratrooper Hunter Battalion (Mozambique).
Paratrooper casualties.
A total of 160 Portuguese paratroopers were KIA.
On April 25, 1974, a military coup led by left-wing members of the Portuguese Army ended the authoritarian government regime in Portugal, and the country moved towards fully democratic elections. Shortly afterwards, peace negotiations with the various African colonies resulted in an end to the African wars, followed by the independence of Angola, Mozambique, and Guinea-Bissau. Military reforms were instituted in Portugal in 1975, resulting in a reorganization of airborne forces.
In November 2007, a Paratrooper was killed in a vehicle accident in Afghanistan
Modern airborne forces structure.
Parachute Troops Base School.
On July 5, 1975, the BETP ("Base Escola de Tropas Pára-Quedistas" or Parachute Troops Base School) was formed at the "RCP", which was disbanded and integrated into the CTP or "Corpo de Tropas Paraquedistas" Parachute Troops Corps) of the Portuguese Air Force.
The CTP is responsible for changing the paratroopers from a counter-guerrilla force to a conventional airborne force capable of fighting in a possible NATO vs Warsaw Pact war, so a Light Paratrooper Brigade (BRIPARAS) was formed with three Paratrooper Battalions and a few support units. The Corps also raised several barracks across Portugal to garrison the new brigade, BOTP1 – "Base Operacional de Tropas Pára-quedistas nº1" (1st Paratrooper Operational Base) at Monsanto and BOTP2 at São Jacinto; some troops were also garrisoned in the BETP at Tancos. The BRIPARA structure included:
Army integration.
In 1993, further changes in the organization of airborne forces took place when the Defense Minister decided that the entire corps should leave the Portuguese Air Force and become part of the Portuguese Army. This meant also that the Commandos Regiment would be disbanded and the commandos that had taken the parachute course would be part of the new unit which was named "BAI - Brigada Aerotransportada Independente" (Independent Airborne Brigade).
The BETP then changed its name again to "ETAT - Escola de Tropas Aerotransportadas" (Airborne Troops School), the Paratrooper Corp changed to the "Comando de Tropas Aerotransportas" (Airborne Troops Command) and all three Paratrooper Battalions changed to Airborne Infantry Battalions (BIAT). This new Army Airborne Brigade was bigger and more powerful due to the previous Air Force Light Paratrooper Brigade; they had replaced heavy mortars with 105 mm artillery guns and were equipped with light armor vehicles.
In territorial terms the BOTP1 was closed and BOTP2 changed its name to the São Jacinto Military Area. The units of the brigade that were not at Tancos (Airborne Support Battalion) or São Jacinto (2nd BIAT) were now garrisoned at Army barracks (Regiments) like the 15th Infantry Regiment at Tomar (1st BIAT), 3rd Infantry Regiment at Beja (3rd BIAT), 4th Artillery Regiment at Leiria ("Grupo de Artilharia Aerotransportada" – Airborne Artillery Group), 3rd Cavalry Regiment at Estremoz ("Esquadrão de Reconhecimento Aerotransportado" – Airborne Recon Squadron) and others. The BAI structure was:
Elite Forces Brigade.
The last reorganization of the Army though, changed the "ETAT" designation again to "ETP – Escola de Tropas Páraquedistas" (School of Parachute Troops) with the "BAI" being renamed and reorganized as "BRR – Brigada de Reacção Rápida ". The Airborne Troops Command was disbanded. Currently, airborne forces are under direct control of regular army commands, such as Land Forces Operational Command (operational units) or the Instruction Command (ETP – Paratrooper School).
The Elite Forces brigade is no longer a full deployable brigade, but rather an organizational structure that controls all the special trained army units.
The 3rd Airborne Infantry Battalion and Anti-Tank Company were disbanded and the other two BIAT were renamed Paratrooper Infantry Battalions (BIParas), the São Jacinto Military Area was renamed 10th Infantry Regiment, the Airborne Artillery Group and the Services and Support Battalion were transferred to the Intervention Brigade and their no longer Airborne capable and the Engineering Company and the Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battery were reduced to platoon size.
This new Rapid Reaction Brigade joined all remaining Paratrooper units together with Army Special Operations and the reborn battalion-size Army Comandos unit.
Finally a newly formed unit has joined BRR: UALE (Army Light Aviation Unit), which is waiting to be equipped with NH-90 TTH and a still-to-be-chosen light utility helicopter, possibly the Eurocopter EC-135 or the AgustaWestland AW109.
BRR forces include: 
ETP Organization.
The "ETP" is made of the following units:

</doc>
<doc id="9911666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911666" title="Saraya, Pazardzhik Province">
Saraya, Pazardzhik Province

Saraya () is a village Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria. The population as of 2006 is 1,516. The village is situated very close to the Trakiya motorway near its juncture with the road Pazardzhik-Panagyurishte. The main occupation for its inhabitants is agriculture due to the favourable climatic conditions in the area. There are many glasshouses in the region in which early vegetables are grown. Stock-breeding is very important with several farms for cattle, pigs and sheep.
There is a venerable oak forest on the land close to the village. Ruins of a medieval settlement can be found in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="9911689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911689" title="Nikola Obretenov">
Nikola Obretenov

Nikola Tihov Obretenov (28 May 1849 – 11 October 1939) was a Bulgarian revolutionary, one of the combatants for the liberation of Bulgaria, and a participant in the Stara Zagora Uprising and the April Uprising. His book "Memories About Bulgarian Uprisings" was published posthumously and is a primary source of historical information about those events.
Biography.
Early life.
Nikola Obretenov was born on 28 May 1849 in Ruse, the administrative centre of Danube Province, Ottoman Empire, in the family of Tiho Obretenov — a wealthy and educated Bulgarian of that time — and Tonka Obretenova.
In January 1863, being a student in a local school, Nikola Obretenov took part in the expulsion of the Greek bishop Sinesiy. Next year he graduated, and in the autumn he went to his father in the village of Sakcha in Northern Dobruja (modern Romania). They established a Bulgarian school there, which existed until March 1866.
Involvement in revolutionary organizations.
From November 1867 on, Nikola Obretenov was a librarian and a member of the board of trustees of the Zora cultural club, established in 1866 by Dragan Tsankov and other intellectuals. The club turned into one of BRCK's safe houses.
On 7 June 1871 Hristo "the bookbinder" Ivanov invited Nikola Obretenov to take part in the revolutionary struggle as a messenger between Bulgaria and BRCK in Bucharest. On 29 June 1871 Obretenov travelled to Bucharest to present his references to the chairman of BRCK, Lyuben Karavelov. After being approved by Karavelov, Nikola Obretenov along with Dimitar Gorov of Giurgiu developed an illegal channel for transferring mail, printed materials, and weapons between Bucharest–Giurgiu and Rousse.
Following Lyuben Karavelov's and Angel Kanchev's orders, Nikola Obretenov, Toma Kardzhiev, and Radi Ivanov established the Rousse private revolutionary committee. The constituent session of the committee took place on 10 December 1871 in Nikola Obretenov's (and baba Tonka's) house. The committee later admitted Georgi Ikonomov, Gancho Karamazhdrakov, Ilarion Dragostinov, Nikola Sakilarov, Zahari Stoyanov, Nikola Tabakov, and many others.
From 29 April to 4 May 1872 Nikola Obretenov was a delegate to the meeting in Bucharest. Twenty-five people — representatives of the private revolutionary committees of Bularia and Wallachia — took part. They accepted the new statutes of BRCK, re-elected Karavelov as a chairman of the Bucharest committee, and authorized Vasil Levski to form a "Temporary government" in Bulgaria, wherever he would find appropriate.
Near the end of June 1872, Nikola Obretenov transported the printed statutes, the receipts and other documents, as well as Levski's uniform, sabre, and gun through the developed illegal channel, assisted by baba Tonka, Petrana Obretenova, Todorka Mirazchieva, and Natalia Karavelova.
In 1873 Nikola Obretenov made an acquaintance with Stefan Stambolov, who expressed his willingness to get involved in the struggle as Vasil Levski's deputy.
On 20 August and 21 August 1874 Nikola Obretenov took part in BRCK's session in Bucharest, which re-elected Karavelov as a chairman of the committee, elected Hristo Botev as a secretary, and confirmed Stefan Stambolov as a chief apostle in Bulgaria and a deputy of Vasil Levski.
Stara Zagora uprising.
In August 1875, Nikola Obretenov participated in BRCK's sessions, presided by Hristo Botev. A decision was made for Bulgaria to revolt in mid-September 1875. The country would be divided into the following regions:
Stoyan Zaimov was given the task to set Tsarigrad "on fire", Hristo Botev had to bring Filip Totyu along from Odessa, and Panayot Hitov was to negotiate with Belgrade. Until the outburst of the Stara Zagora uprising of 16 September 1875, Nikola Obretenov actively took part in the preparation of the Chervena Voda detachment and the training of population in nearby villages. After the uprising's suppression because of Andrey Momchev's treason, more than 1,000 people were captured. On 27 September 1875 Nikola Obretenov hid in the house of Karamihaylov, an interpreter in the Russian consulate, who organized his escape to Romania.
In September 1875 Dimitar Gorov gave accommodation to Nikola Obretenov and Stoyan Zaimov in Giurgiu, in a place they used to call "the barracks". In October Panayot Volov joined them. So did those who returned from Tsarigrad—Georgi Benkovski, Ivanitsa Danchov, and Hristo Karaminkov. Near the end of October, Stefan Stambolov and Ilarion Dragostinov came from Bucharest.
April uprising.
In mid-November 1875, the Giurgiu revolutionary committee was established and started functioning, presided by Stefan Stambolov. Stoyan Zaimov was appointed as a secretary, and the members were Panayot Volov, Nikola Obretenov, Ilarion Dragostinov, Hristo Karaminkov, Georgi Apostolov, Georgi Ikonomov, Georgi Obretenov, and Georgi Izmirliev.
The sessions continued until 25 December 1875. A decision was made to prepare the April uprising, which was to break out on 11 May 1876. With that end in view, the country was divided into five regions (according to Nikola Obretenov):
In the beginning of 1876 the "apostles" headed towards their designated revolutionary regions. On 24 January 1876 Nikola Obretenov and Georgi Apostolov crossed the Danube at Oryahovo and set off for Vratsa. There, taking into account the situation, Zaimov and Nikola Obretenov decided that he and Georgi Apostolov should return to Romania to buy weapons, which they could bring to Vratsa with reinforcements, when the uprising burst out. Nikola Obretenov and Georgi Apostolov, assisted by the Craiova revolutionary committee, bought weapons and ammunitions, and Hristo Botev passionately took up organizing the detachment.
On Monday, 17 May 1876 Nikola Obretenov with the detachment led by Hristo Botev came ashore from the "Radetzky" steamship on the bank of Kozloduy, where the rebels, kissing their native soil, took their oaths under the flag, crafted by his sister Petrana Obretenova.
Nikola Obretenov fought in all of the detachment's battles. He was with Hristo Botev at the moment of his death on 20 May 1876. On 3 June 1927, as a member of a special commission, Nikola Obretenov ascertained the exact place of Hristo Botev's death, about which a written report was composed.
After a month of fighting, roaming, and starvation through the grim mountains, on 17 June Nikola Obretenov and his companions Sava Penev, Dimitar Todorov, and Stoyan Lovchaliyata were betrayed by the brothers Pencho and Petar, and a Turkish posse captured them in the "Balyuviya han" inn near Shipkovo, Troyan.
Exile and post-liberation activities.
The court in Tarnovo sentenced the rebels to death. The sentence was not signed, and the convicts were sent to Rousse in order for an emergency court to judge them. The court sentenced them again to death by hanging. Nikola Obretenov and Stoyan Zaimov were driven about in the city with their sentences hung on their necks. By the sultan's order, the sentence was replaced with an exile for life in Asia Minor.
On 2 July 1876 in the St Jeanne d'Arc stronghold, Nikola Obretenov met his brother Angel, who had been in exile for eight years, for being a member of the detachment of Hadzhi Dimitar and Stefan Karadzha. Nikola Obretenov returned to his liberated fatherland in 1878, released by implication of the capitulations of the San Stefano treaty.
Nikola Obretenov was eager to participate in the construction of modern Bulgaria. He was a member of the Liberal Party, and later of the People's Liberal Party, continuing his cooperation with Stefan Stambolov. He served as a governor of Tutrakan, in Silistra Province. He actively took part in the suppression of the "Russophile" riots in both Tutrakan and Rousse.
In May 1907 Nikola Obretenov was elected to parliament, and as a mayor of Rousse.
He died at the age of 90, on 11 October 1939, a couple of days before the official celebration of his anniversary.
Nikola Obretenov is the author of many articles in the press and the author of the book "Memories about Bulgarian uprisings", published after his death, under the editorship of academician Mihail Arnaudov.

</doc>
<doc id="9911707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911707" title="British Thoracic Society">
British Thoracic Society

The British Thoracic Society (BTS) was formed in 1982 by the amalgamation of the British Thoracic Association and the Thoracic Society. It is a registered charity and a company limited by guarantee.
Function.
The Society’s main charitable objective is to improve the care of people with respiratory and associated disorders, which it aims to achieve by:
Structure.
BTS is a membership organization, with nearly 3000 members from the respiratory health sector. These include doctors, nurses, respiratory physiotherapists, scientists and other professionals with an interest in respiratory disease.
It is situated a few hundred metres east of Great Ormond Street Hospital, off Gray's Inn Road.
The Society also works in partnership with a range of organisations to achieve its objectives. These partners include other respiratory health professional groups, organisations representing patients and carers, medical and surgical Royal Colleges and other specialist societies.
Governance and staff.
BTS currently has eight members of staff and a number of other associates who deal with the day-to-day running of the Society, including a Chief Executive and a Deputy Chief Executive.
BTS is managed by its Trustees, who are the officers and members of the Executive Committee. The President and President-elect are elected annually by the membership. The other officers serve for three years and nominations for these posts are sought from the membership.
BTS has five established Standing Committees, the chairs of which each sit on the Executive Committee. These Committees are:
In addition, the BTS has newly created a Public Liaison Committee to help the Society to place citizens and those with respiratory disease at the centre of their work. The Chair of this Committee will be a Trustee of the Society.
Specialist Advisory Groups.
BTS has a network of Specialist Advisory Groups which are made up of specialist professionals and provide expert support opinion.
Each Specialist Advisory Group focuses on a specific issue:
Guidelines.
The production of evidence-based Guidelines for good clinical practice lies at the heart of the Society’s work. Guidelines are produced by multidisciplinary groups working under the auspices of the Society’s Standards of Care Committee, and are published in the journal Thorax.
The British Guideline for the Management of Asthma, produced jointly by BTS and SIGN, enjoys international recognition and is updated annually.
Other recent Guidelines include the BTS Guideline for Emergency Oxygen Use in Adult Patients, and the BTS/ACPRC Guideline for Physiotherapy Management of the Adult Spontaneously Breathing Patient.
Copies of all BTS guidelines are available on the BTS website.
Meetings and Short Course Programme.
BTS holds two annual conferences; the Summer Meeting in the last week of June and the Winter Meeting which takes place at the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre in London in the first week of December. These Meetings bring together medical professionals with an interest in respiratory medicine.
The Summer Meeting is the main annual educational event, with clinical updates and the opportunity for a multi-disciplinary audience to discuss key issues and share good practice.
There is also a wide-ranging programme of short courses.
The BTS Winter Meeting attracts over 2000 delegates each year and is the UK’s primary respiratory scientific meeting, with the emphasis on presenting updates on current respiratory research and symposia from leading researchers from all over the world. Young Investigators and Medical Students are encouraged to put forward abstracts and prizes are awarded in each category.

</doc>
<doc id="9911712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911712" title="Coyote Sisters">
Coyote Sisters

The Coyote Sisters are an American pop-rock female trio formed in 1980. Its members are Leah Kunkel, the younger sister of Cass Elliot, Marty Gwinn Townsend, and Renee Armand. In 1984, they released their self-titled debut LP on Morocco records, a subsidiary of Motown. Lead single "Straight from the Heart (Into Your Life)" hit No. 66 on the US Billboard charts and was a hit on the Adult Contemporary radio stations. Subsequent singles and the album failed to chart.
In 2001, the group made an unexpected return to the music industry, this time as a duo without Armand, and released the album "Women and Other Visions" on Wannadate records. Although Armand was not part of the group, she co-wrote one song on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9911718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911718" title="Bárbara atómica">
Bárbara atómica

Bárbara atómica is a 1952 Argentine film. Directed by Julio Saraceni and script written by Abel Santa Cruz based on Michel Durán's play, "Barbara Bow". Released on May 23, 1952 and rated G.

</doc>
<doc id="9911720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911720" title="The Larksmen">
The Larksmen

The Larksmen are a garage rock band from Los Angeles, California fronted by founding member Eric John Leslie. They formed in 1994 as The Skylarks, changing their name later. The group are noted for their recent collaboration in 2006 with Sean Bonniwell of The Music Machine, best known for their 1966 hit record "Talk, Talk". This resulted in Bonniwell making public performances with The Larksmen in venues such as the Whisky a Go-Go in West Hollywood, California as well as releasing several recordings with the group. [http://wfmu.org/playlists/shows/19345 Their drummer Lenny Montoya is known in the local L.A. music scene as a former member of The Hangmen who also appeared on their self-title 1989 album on Capitol Records. He then joined L.A. punk rock band The Leaving Trains who were fronted by Falling James Moreland, Courtney Love's first husband. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/2725377.stm]. Scott Roberts on bass plus D.S. Poole on rhythm guitar and Vox organ round out the current Larksmen line-up. On December 19, 2006 the group released their self-titled album on Skylarks Records which features Sean Bonniwell guest appearing on two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9911722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911722" title="The Beast Must Die (1952 film)">
The Beast Must Die (1952 film)

The Beast Must Die () is a 1952 Argentine thriller film, which is directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and stars Guillermo Battaglia, Narciso Ibáñez Menta and Warly Ceriani. It based on the novel The Beast must Die by Irish poet Nicholas Blake.
Plot.
A widowed children's author lives quietly with his nine-year old son, this is suddenly hit by a car and dies the driver fled undetected. Police investigators in the case now live in the files, but Charles believes he has detected in the accident, the television actress, she falls in love with him and a series of disastrous complications take its course - contrary to a dramatic end.

</doc>
<doc id="9911725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911725" title="Sunset, Victoria">
Sunset, Victoria

Sunset is a locality situated in remote north-west Victoria in the Sunraysia region. The place by road, about 4 kilometres north from Manya and 30 kilometres south from Berrook. 
Sunset is near the south-west corner of the Murray-Sunset National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9911730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911730" title="Como yo no hay dos">
Como yo no hay dos

Como yo no hay dos is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911736" title="La de los ojos color del tiempo">
La de los ojos color del tiempo

La De los ojos color del tiempo is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911737" title="List of schools in Ranchi">
List of schools in Ranchi

This is a list of schools in Ranchi, India. Most of the government-run schools in Ranchi are affiliated to Jharkhand School Examination Board, whereas most of the private schools are affiliated to ICSE and/or CBSE boards. A number of schools are run by convents or by the Jesuits missionaries of the Roman Catholic, Gossner, Evangelical and Lutheran Churches and the Church of North India.

</doc>
<doc id="9911739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911739" title="Deshonra">
Deshonra

Deshonra is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911740" title="Donde comienzan los pantanos">
Donde comienzan los pantanos

Donde comienzan los pantanos is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911742" title="This Is My Life (1952 film)">
This Is My Life (1952 film)

This Is My Life () is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9911743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911743" title="Ellos nos hicieron así">
Ellos nos hicieron así

Ellos nos hicieron así is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9911748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911748" title="Brian Stafford">
Brian Stafford

Brian Stafford is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland. He enjoyed much success play inter-county football in the 80's & early 90's on the Meath teams managed by Sean Boylan. For Meath he usually played at Full Forward. He played club football for Kilmainhamwood. During his playing career he won 2 Senior All Ireland medals (1987 & 1988) as well as five Leinster senior medals & 3 National League Medals. He won 3 All Star awards also. In 1987 he was chosen as the Texaco Footballer of the Year. When playing for Meath he was part of a Full Forward line of Colm O'Rourke, himself & Bernard Flynn, widely regarded as one of the best Full forward lines of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="9911749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911749" title="La Encrucijada">
La Encrucijada

La Encrucijada is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911753" title="El Gaucho y el diablo">
El Gaucho y el diablo

El Gaucho y el diablo is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911757" title="Facundo, el tigre de los llanos">
Facundo, el tigre de los llanos

Facundo, el tigre de los llanos is a 1952 Argentine drama film directed by Miguel P. Tato and Carlos F. Borcosque.

</doc>
<doc id="9911759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911759" title="Rio turbio (film)">
Rio turbio (film)

Rio turbio is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Wehner.

</doc>
<doc id="9911760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911760" title="Vigilantes y ladrones">
Vigilantes y ladrones

Vigilantes y ladrones ("vigilantes and robbers") is an 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911764" title="Un Guapo del 900">
Un Guapo del 900

Un Guapo del 900 is a 1952 Argentine black-and-white film directed by Lucas Demare from a script by Ulyses Petit de Murat based on the book of the same name by Samuel Eichelbaum.

</doc>
<doc id="9911768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911768" title="Vuelva el primero">
Vuelva el primero

Vuelva el primero is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911772" title="El Infortunado Fortunato">
El Infortunado Fortunato

El Infortunado Fortunato is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911775" title="Nace un campeón">
Nace un campeón

Nace un campeón is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911779" title="No abras nunca esa puerta">
No abras nunca esa puerta

No abras nunca esa puerta is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911781" title="Mutilva Alta">
Mutilva Alta

Mutilva Alta (in Spanish) or Mutiloagoiti (in Basque) is a town south of Pamplona in Navarre, Spain. It belongs to the municipality of Aranguren.

</doc>
<doc id="9911783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911783" title="La Niña de fuego">
La Niña de fuego

La Niña de fuego is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911787" title="La Muerte en las calles">
La Muerte en las calles

La Muerte en las calles is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911788" title="List of Universities and Colleges in Ranchi">
List of Universities and Colleges in Ranchi

In India, most of the colleges and institutions of higher education of Ranchi are under the jurisdiction of Ranchi University.
As the institutions of higher studies fall short of city’s requirement, many students, after completing schooling in the state, move away to places like New Delhi, Karnataka and several other locations for study of higher technical and non-technical subjects.
List of colleges in Ranchi.
A. K. Koul is the first Vice-Chancellor of the University. NUSRL is currently functioning out of a temporary campus in BIT, Mesra. It was formally inaugurated by the Chief Justice of Jharkhand High Court and Supreme Court Judge designate Gyan Sudha Mishra on April 26, 2010, in the Birla Institute of Technology-Mesra campus.
The university has acquired a 63.76-acre site in the outskirts of Ranchi, neighbouring IIM-Ranchi, Indian Institute of Coal Management, Central University of Jharkhand and Birsa Agricultural University. The 63.76-acre site, once finished will become the second largest National Law University campus in India.The university offers a five-year integrated BA (Hons)-LLB (Hons) course for which the admission is through Common Law Admission Test. At the post-graduate level, the university offers four-year integrated LL.M-PhD, three-year Doctor of Juridical Science (J.S.D) and two-year PhD programs, for which the admission is through an entrance test, group discussion and oral test conducted by the University.

</doc>
<doc id="9911789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911789" title="La Patrulla chiflada">
La Patrulla chiflada

La Patrulla chiflada is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911801" title="Rescate de sangre">
Rescate de sangre

Rescate de sangre is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911802" title="Burton Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Burton Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Burton Township is the smallest in area in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 5,003 and it contained 1,758 housing units.
Burton Township was first settled by Englishmen in 1836, and the name English Prairie was given it. Later settlers called the township Benton, but upon it being learned that there was already a post office and township of Benton in Illinois, the name was changed to Burton on December 28, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.26%) is land and (or 0.74%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911805" title="Paraíso robado">
Paraíso robado

Paraíso robado is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911817" title="La Parda Flora">
La Parda Flora

La Parda Flora is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911822" title="Payaso">
Payaso

Payaso is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911824" title="5th Parliament of Ontario">
5th Parliament of Ontario

The 5th Parliament of Ontario was in session from February 27, 1883 until November 15, 1886, just prior to the 1886 general election. The majority party was the Ontario Liberal Party led by Oliver Mowat.

</doc>
<doc id="9911825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911825" title="Chemung Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Chemung Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Chemung Township is the northwesternmost township of McHenry County, Illinois, United States.
It includes the bulk and northern part of the city of Harvard, as well as unincorporated communities: Big Foot Prairie (partly in Wisconsin), Lawrence, and Chemung.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 9,134 and it contained 3,326 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9911841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911841" title="Coral Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Coral Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Coral Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,552 and it contained 1,334 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911845" title="Kallepalli">
Kallepalli

Kallepalli is a village located around 5 kilometers from Srikakulam town in Andhra Pradesh, India.
River Nagavali meets the Bay of Bengal near the village Kallepalli.

</doc>
<doc id="9911848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911848" title="Their Story">
Their Story

"Their Story" is the 134th episode of the American situation comedy "Scrubs". It was aired as episode 17 of season 6 on April 19, 2007. It is noteworthy for focusing on the three main supporting characters of the series, Ted, Todd and Jordan, who replaced J.D. as narrators.
Plot.
This episode is the first to include three narrators: Ted, The Todd, and Jordan.
Ted is caught in the middle of a standoff between Dr. Kelso and the nursing staff, who demand a cost-of-living raise. When Kelso refuses, saying that the nurses would never strike because they care about the patients, the nurses initiate a slowdown of work. Kelso tells Ted that he will eventually give the nurses their raise; at the expense of firing three of them. Ted tries to urge the nursing staff to stop the slowdown, but to no avail. Eventually, Ted gives the nurses some leverage: he anonymously gives them an invoice for needles that reveals that Sacred Heart has been receiving $50,000 worth of needles for $50 each month. The nurses blackmail Dr. Kelso, and he gives them their raise without firing anyone. Ted has a fantasy of having great hair, making out with two women, and accidentally causing his mother's death.
The Todd has a new profession, plastic surgery. One of The Todd's patients is a 16-year-old girl getting breast implants, and Turk takes moral offense to this. He takes it up with Todd's department head, who tells Turk to buzz off. He also tells Todd that he will ruin Turk's career if he interferes any more. Todd tries to get Turk to stop his crusade to stop the surgery, but to no avail. Eventually, Todd finds someone that convinces Turk to allow the surgery: the 16-year-old girl herself. Todd has a fantasy of his future son wearing a banana hammock styleSpeedo telling him that he stuffs his underwear to which Todd says "I stuff too." (in which this dream features a cameo audio of the sad music last heard in "My Old Friend's New Friend".)
Jordan decides to meddle in Elliot's relationship with Keith Dudemeister. She convinces Elliot to play mind games with Keith, but when Keith tells her that he just wishes the mind games would stop, Jordan feels guilty for once. She decides to talk to Elliot and tells her the best way to get the relationship back on track: ignore what she says. Jordan has a fantasy of herself as an Oprah like wacky talk show host dancing with a child who looks just like her.
In the end, the three narrators admit that they all have parts to play and narration, instead of returning to J.D., moves to a whole crowd of minor characters in the coffee shop. Speakers that can be heard in the final scene are Lloyd, the delivery guy (trying to remember where he parked his truck), Dr. Green, the head of cosmetic surgery (thinking about bees), Dr. Mickhead (thinking "that nurse is hot"), Snoop Dogg Resident (wishing someone would call him by his real name, Ronald), and Colonel Doctor (thinking about his beard). The latter is cut off in some versions.

</doc>
<doc id="9911858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911858" title="Dorr Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Dorr Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Dorr Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 20,911 and it contained 8,520 housing units. Dorr Township changed its name from Centre Township on December 28, 1850.
History.
Dorr Township is named after Governor Thomas Wilson Dorr of Rhode Island. Governor Dorr helped to modernize voting in America by removing arcane age limitations and fighting for universal white male suffrage. Dorr was arrested and tried for treason before the Rhode Island Supreme Court. In 1844 he was committed to prison with a life sentence of solitary confinement and hard labor. He was released after 12 months but his health never fully recovered.
Dorr Township is one of seventeen townships in McHenry County. It covers portions of Woodstock, Crystal Lake, Lakewood and Bull Valley. Dorr Township covers 34 1/2 miles of road.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911878" title="Dunham Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Dunham Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Dunham Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,844 and it contained 1,035 housing units. It includes southern portions of Harvard, most of the city being in Chemung Township.
Dunham Township changed its name from Byron Township on December 28, 1850, to avoid confusion with Byron Township and to honor a resident, Solomon J. Dunham.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911893" title="Amaru Shataka">
Amaru Shataka

The Amaruśataka or Amarukaśataka (अमरुशतक, "the hundred stanzas of Amaru"), authored by Amaru (also Amaruka), is a collection of poems dated to about the 7th or 8th century.
The "Amaruśataka" ranks as one of the finest lyrical poetry in the annals of Sanskrit literature, ranking with Kalidasa and 's "". The ninth-century literary critic Anandavardhana declared in his "Dhvanyaloka" that "a single stanza of the poet Amaru ... may provide the taste of love equal to what's found in whole volumes." Its verses have been used by poets and critics as examples and standards to judge other poems by. Andrew Schelling describes it as "love poetry original and vivid as that produced anywhere on the planet".
Its subject is mostly Sringara (erotic love, romantic love) including aspects such as love, passion, estrangement, longing, rapprochement, joy and sorrow, etc. Greg Bailey notes that it is "as much about the social aspects of courting, betrayal, feminine indignance and masculine self-pity as it is about sensuality". Similarly, Schelling notes: "All the flavours or nuances of love are said to lie within the book, though you'll notice that the emphasis falls more on the bitter taste of separation or betrayal than on the sweetness of consummation."
Authorship.
Not much is known about the life of Amaru. Traditional accounts attribute the work to King Amaru of Kashmir. The collection in its present form may well represent the work of more than one author—the poems that form part of the collection differ quite significantly across its different regional recensions.
There are also a number of legends associating the collection with the philosopher Adi Shankara. One version occurs in his 14th century biography written by a follower, the "Shankara-digvijaya". According to this version, during his debate with Maṇḍana Miśra, he was asked philosophical questions phrased in metaphors of love by the latter's wife, Ubhaya Bharati. Being celibate and therefore ignorant of the "kama shastras", Shankara requested an adjournment. He then entered the recently dead body of Amaru and spent a hundred days mastering the art of erotic love, before returning to defeat his opponent. He wrote the Amarushataka to memorialise his learning.
Another version, given in Ravichandra's commentary on the Amarushataka, states that Shankara composed these poems to impart spiritual insight to the epicurean king Amaru, in metaphors he might understand. When this was misunderstood and mocked by the advisers at the court, Shankara entered the body of Amaru and provided a spiritual exegesis of the poems.
Accordingly, several manuscripts add colophons naming Shankara as the true author of the work, and Ravichandra, a mediaeval commentator on the Bengal recension of the Amarusataka, read metaphysical meanings into the verses. Other legends also state that Amaru was the 101st reincarnation of a soul that had previously occupied 100 women.

</doc>
<doc id="9911894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911894" title="Poème de l'amour et de la mer">
Poème de l'amour et de la mer

The "Poème de l'amour et de la mer" (literally, "Poem of Love and the Sea"), Op. 19, is a song cycle for voice and orchestra by Ernest Chausson. It was composed over an extended period between 1882 and 1892 and dedicated to Henri Duparc. Chausson would write another major work in the same genre, the "Chanson perpétuelle", in 1898.
The Poème consists of two parts separated by an orchestral interlude, based on the poems "La Fleur des eaux" ("The Flower of the Waters") and "La Mort de l'amour" ("The Death of Love") by Chausson's friend Maurice Bouchor (1855–1929). Bouchor also provided the lyrics for another fifteen mélodies by Chausson. One such song was "Le Temps des lilas" ("The Time of Lilacs"), the last four verses of which Chausson transcribed and incorporated into the ending of the second part of the "Poème".
At the premiere on February 21, 1893, in Brussels, Chausson himself played the piano to accompany the tenor Désiré Demest. The orchestral version was first performed on April 8 the same year by the soprano Éléonore Blanc and the Orchestre de la Société Nationale de Musique, conducted by Gabriel Marie. The piece typically takes just under 30 minutes to complete.

</doc>
<doc id="9911895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911895" title="Grafton Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Grafton Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Grafton Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 53,137 and it contained 17,922 housing units. Grafton Township includes portions of Huntley, Lake in the Hills, Algonquin, Crystal Lake, and Lakewood.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.06%) is land and (or 0.94%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911908" title="Mi hermano Esopo">
Mi hermano Esopo

Mi hermano Esopo is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911910" title="Mi mujer está loca">
Mi mujer está loca

Mi mujer está loca is a 1952 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper and Enrique Cahen Salaberry, and starring Amelia Bence, Alberto Closas, and Amalia Sánchez Ariño.

</doc>
<doc id="9911913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911913" title="Marido de ocasión">
Marido de ocasión

Marido de ocasión is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911914" title="Greenwood Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Greenwood Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Greenwood Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13,990 and it contained 5,040 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.55%) is land and (or 1.48%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911916" title="Mala gente">
Mala gente

Mala gente is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911920" title="Petrus Crassus">
Petrus Crassus

Petrus Crassus was a jurist of the eleventh century, teaching at Ravenna. He is known for his "Defensio Henrici IV" from 1084 supporting the Emperor Henry IV, against Pope Gregory VII, during the investiture contest.
According to the "Catholic Encyclopedia", he was the only layman involved in the struggle, and supported the autonomy of the state. Walter Ullmann says that the "Defensio" is "the first book that employed Roman law in a professional manner and in the service of public government". Joseph Canning writes
Peter Crassus' text also formed part of the general theme of Romanism developed among Italian supporters of the Salian monarchy, as witnessed by Benzo of Alba's "Liber ad Heinrichum IV." (c.1085), with its emphasis on the central role of the emperor as ruler of the world (with Rome its head), 'vicar of the Creator' ("vicarius conditoris") and maker of popes.

</doc>
<doc id="9911922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911922" title="La melodía perdida">
La melodía perdida

La melodía perdida is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911923" title="Koolade">
Koolade

Koolade (real name Matko Šašek) is a Croatian hip-hop/urban music producer. Born in Zagreb, Croatia in the late 1970s, he began his music career in the late 1990s. Along with other members of the Blackout family he made a strong contribution in making hip-hop an established genre in the Croatian mainstream music scene. Soon after that, he and his partner/manager Phat Phillie realized that his production would make a good export, and continued to expand his work throughout Europe and the US, where he is perhaps best known for his production work on Masta Ace's ""Beautiful"" on the album "A Long Hot Summer", as well as a number of other prominent American hip-hop artists such as Ghostface Killah of the Wu Tang Clan, Bow Wow, Sadat X, Styles P, Diamond D, Das EFX, Peedi Crakk etc. Koolade is locally and regionally known for his collaborations with the Croatian cult hip hop duo Tram 11, Bosnian rappers Edo Maajka and Frenkie.
Early years.
Born on 1 June 1978 in Zagreb, Croatia, he shows a great interest in music from his very early days. Growing up in the 80's he listens to artists like Queen (becoming a fan at the age of 6), Michael Jackson, U2, Depeche Mode, New Order, Human League, Dire Straits etc. In 5th & 6th grade he takes piano lessons, but quits after two years due to lack of interest in classical music education. Never touches a piano again, until the start of his professional music career in the mid/late 90's.
Hip Hop.
In the years 1989/1990 his sister introduces him to Hip Hop music which he initially hates, but after a year or so, Hip Hop music becomes his obsession. Artists like Run-DMC, Public Enemy, N.W.A., Ice Cube, EPMD would very soon become "residents" in his tape deck. Due to a few shows like MTV's Yo! MTV Raps, Rap Attack, and his future manager Phat Philly's own Blackout Rap Show on Radio 101, he keeps track of the international scene and all the fresh new releases. Soon enough he starts forming his first high school demo bands of pretty much no significance like G-Style and Ill Behavior. Having affiliations for both rapping and beat-making he makes his first tracks, but those would end up being just tries and attempts, but a good practice for his later work.
Blackout.
As Hip Hop scene would start resonating more and more with the local kids in Croatia during the early/mid 90's he starts hangin around clubs and people playing, promoting and making Hip Hop music. Hearing the local artist's demoes being played on Blackout Rap Show, he wasn't overwhelmed with the production on those, and decides he wants to contribute to the scene with his musical talent as a beat-maker and producer. Eventually he focuses on beat-making and production, and gets embraced by the local scene very quickly, due to the quality of his material. Very soon he becomes a member of the Blackout Project, the DJ's, MC's and beat-makers revolving and evolving around the Blackout Rap Show. In 1998, his 1st production credit release, which marked the start of his professional career, were two tracks by Tram 11 "Des Mozges" & "Kog je briga za vas", on Blackout Project's "Project Impossible" album. He collaborates with many soon to be renowned local and regional hip hop artists like Tram 11, Sick Rhyme Sayazz aka Bolesna Braća, El Bahattee, Nered & Stoka, Edo Maajka, Frenkie, Shorty, Elemental etc... Meaning, they all make history together, rockin the charts and sales on a mainstream level. In the following years, he becomes a well respected, award winning, chart hitting silver and gold selling producer, respected not just in the hip hop scene, but throughout the local, regional, and European urban music scene. In the Balkans region he enjoys a legendary status. He and his manager Phat Phillie continue to work up to date, having a strong bond as partners in crime, and continue shopping and delivering the world music scene with some of that Koolade, placing his music worldwide. His probably most renowned production would be ""Beautiful"" by Masta Ace and Snoop Dogg and Refkas Ahbabs
Media & marketing.
Being a music producer and sound engineer he does and scores quite a few commercials, locally and worldwide, and copyrights his music in the world of media, TV and marketing. Some of the references are H&M, Nivea, Alizee, EA Sports, Y2K, and TV shows like So You Think You Can Dance & Ugly Betty etc.
Zebra Dots.
In the year 2010 he meets a Slovene drummer Ivo Rimc, and they decide to do sessions together. Koolade found the idea of recording and sampling live drums very fascinating, and they continue doing sessions inviting other local Slovene musicians. The 1st one to join was a bass player Jernej Kržič, followed by a jazz pianist Erik Marenče, and a guitar player Andraž Mazi. Them five eventually form a band with the work title London, and continue doing sessions making funk instrumental breaks. Koolade being the producer of the band and their frontman playing talkbox. Later on they decide to take the band even further starting doing a unique combination of soul with a twist of indie music, inviting vocalists, songwriting, practicing, recording etc... The vocalist to finally join the band was Sasha Alexandra Danilova. Koolade eventually starts singing, becoming the other lead vocal of the band. They eventually rename the band to Zebra Dots due to problems involving web search engines (try googling the word london). The name Zebra Dots characterised their music well as being something that doest exist yet. Eventually, local and regional Universal Music offices start showing interest to sign the band, which eventually happens in spring 2012. In fall 2012 they release their debut single Walking On A Chance, soon followed by the debut album named after the 1st single.
Awards & recognition.
Being nominated for national music awards in the region quite a few times (still up to date), he receives his 1st Croatian music award Porin in 2002 in the category "urban album of the year" for producing the entire El Bahattee's debut solo album "Svaki pas ima svoj dan". Funny enough the translation of the album's title would be "Every Dog Has It's Day". Although his award winning days weren't over yet. The next year he receives two Bosnian music awards (Davorin), in categories "album of the year" and "urban album of the year", for production credits on Edo Maajka's debut album Slušaj Mater.
In the years 2001 and 2007, he wins "the best hip hop producer of the year" category at the only two held Croatian independent hip hop awards.
Los Angeles-based "URB" magazine named Koolade the best up-and-coming urban artist in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9911924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911924" title="Hartland Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Hartland Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Hartland Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,031 and it contained 780 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.61%) is land and (or 0.39%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911939" title="Hebron Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Hebron Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Hebron Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,356 and it contained 967 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9911946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911946" title="Above Bar Church, Southampton">
Above Bar Church, Southampton

Above Bar Church is an evangelical church in Southampton, affiliated to the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches. The building is on the corner of Above Bar Street and Ogle Road in Southampton City Centre, with shops on the ground level and the auditorium and other rooms above them.
History.
This history is based on "Past and Present", a booklet published by the church for the opening of a new building in 1981.
Founding of the church.
Above Bar Church was established in 1876 by Henry Samuel Earl, a missionary with the Foreign Christian Missionary Society of the Disciples of Christ (then synonymous with the Churches of Christ; the two became separate in 1906). Earl started preaching in the Philharmonic Rooms on Above Bar Street (on the site of what later became the Odeon cinema and is now shops) in February 1876, with a local choir to lead the singing and the widow of a Congregational minister playing the organ. More than seven hundred people came to the first service, and even more the following week despite a snowstorm. On the third Sunday, the hall was full. The majority of these people were members of other churches, of course, but a regular congregation began to develop. Henry Earl rented a small Baptist church that was being used as a warehouse and had it repaired and furnished to seat more than 300 people. As well as filling this building to capacity on Sunday mornings, Earl was soon also running week-night services and had started a Sunday School. A church was formally established in August 1876 with an initial membership of 33. 
A clothing manufacturer from the north of England, Timothy Coop, donated £3,000 to Earl towards the cost of buying land and constructing a permanent building. Between the Philharmonic Hall and Ogle Road was a plot of land, which Earl bought for £1000. He also bought three more lots in Ogle Road for £300. One of these was a skating rink (both ice skating and roller skating were popular in the late 1870s) and the other two were part of the grounds of a large mansion, Ogle Hall. Volunteers from the church dismantled the skating rink and used the bricks and windows for the new church building, which opened in 1880. On 17 August 1886, a Trust Deed was signed, passing the ownership of the site and building to the trustees of ‘Church of Christ, Above Bar’.
Henry Earl stayed in Southampton for less than ten years (though it seems he didn’t return to the USA until 1891), by which time he had baptised around four hundred people and the membership of the church had grown to over 100. Earl handed over leadership of the church to Aurelius Glidden, who stayed just two years, but who saw continued growth. There were six more ministers, mainly Americans, during the next 25 years, often with considerable gaps between them. The church continued to grow gradually, and increasingly moved away from the influence and control of the Church of Christ in America, as well as becoming more financially independent.
1912–1979.
In 1912, a new minister was appointed, Frederick Phillips, a former electrical engineer. As a young man, he had been a deacon at Above Bar Congregational Church just down the road, and for the three years prior to becoming minister of the Church of Christ, he pastored a mission church in Winchester. In 1917, the final break with the American denomination came when British Churches of Christ were offered the opportunity to either join a national federation or become independent. The church continued to grow during World War I and, by the early 1920s, the membership had risen to 400, with much larger congregations. Phillips held the post for the next forty years, retiring in 1952 at the age of 82. At his retirement he recalled a time when the morning service had a congregation of only twenty, and commented that, ‘It is really wonderful how God has brought it up’. Another minister remarked that he didn’t know another church for miles around that had seen so many people converted to Christian faith.
Frederick Phillips was succeeded by Leith Samuel, who was the minister for 27 years. Leith Samuel had previously been a Missioner with Intervarsity Fellowship and was a gifted evangelist and Bible teacher with a strong commitment to systematic expository preaching. This was a period of significant development in the church. It was renamed Above Bar Church, there was a growing commitment to world mission, home Bible study groups were introduced, and assistant ministers and pastoral workers were appointed.
In the 1970s, the ageing building, built on a tight budget almost a hundred years before, was badly showing its age. After a major crack appeared in the ceiling in May 1976, it became clear that it would cost £150,000 to repair the building. And it would still remain a large and inflexible Victorian barn of a building with very limited ancillary rooms. For a number of years, developers had been approaching the church wanting to make use of the prime site. Now, with a desperate need for action, another developer suggested a scheme with shops on the ground floor, the church above and still with an entrance on Above Bar Street. The church was positive about the plan and appointed Robert Potter, of Brandt Potter Associates, as architect. Royal Insurance Investment Department took over the developer's interest in the scheme and covered a substantial proportion of the building costs. The final service in the old building took place on 1 July 1979.
1980-.
David Jackman, who was appointed as Assistant Minister in 1976, became the Senior Minister on Leith Samuel's retirement in 1980. The new church building opened in 1981 and provided much better facilities than the previous one, though with a smaller seating capacity in the main body of the church. The auditorium, which seats over four hundred, was designed by Robert Potter as a hexagon, drawing on the concept of the amphitheatre with the partially tiered seating angled towards the front. The ceiling is made of Columbian pine, while much of the woodwork at ground level is beech. The communion table, made for the new building is of English elm. The basement, which was nearly not included in the project, has roughly the same area as the previous church hall, while the top hall is significantly larger. The organ was built by Copeman Hart for the church in 1977-79, and was first installed in the old building for a few months before demolition.
In 1991, David Jackman resigned to start the Proclamation Trust's Cornhill Training Course. There was a gap of just over five years before Dr. John Balchin was appointed as Senior Minister in January 1997. He retired in 2004 and was succeeded by John Risbridger in September of that year. He is designated simply 'minister', along with Paul Webber, who joined the staff in 2011 (replacing Andrew Page, who stepped down to focus full-time on The Mark Drama), and Tim Sutton, who joined in 2013 (replacing Paul Allcock on his retirement).

</doc>
<doc id="9911953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911953" title="La Mano que aprieta">
La Mano que aprieta

La Mano que aprieta is a 1952 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9911958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911958" title="Marengo Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Marengo Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Marengo Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 7,564 and it contained 3,067 housing units. Marengo is a city located in the township.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9911963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911963" title="Fritz Lange">
Fritz Lange

Fritz Lange (November 23, 1898, Berlin — September 16, 1981) was a Minister for national education in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
Biography.
Lange attended the Siemens Oberrealschule in the Berlin suburb of Charlottenburg from 1904 to 1912 and from 1912 to 1917, the "Präparandenanstalt" and the teacher-training program in Neuruppin. From 1917-1918, he was a soldier in the First World War. In 1919, he passed the teacher's examination and was a volksschule teacher in the Neuköln suburb of Berlin until 1924. In 1919, he joined the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany and in 1920, the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). From 1921-1924, he was in the national leadership of the Communist "Kindergruppe". In 1924, he was let go from his job and became a leading functionary of the Rotfrontkämpferbund from 1925-1928, as well as the district representative from Neukölln and a city delegate from Berlin from 1925-1933. Lange was the editor in the agitation and propaganda department of the Central Committee of the KPD from 1927-1933 and from 1930-1932, he was in the national leadership of the "Kampfbund gegen den Faschismus", an antifascist organization of the KPD devoted to the fight against fascism. In 1933, he was arrested and was sent to the Sonnenburg concentration camp. Afterwards, he lived as a worker and sales employee until 1942.
From 1935, he was active in the Resistance, working, among others, in the group that formed around Bernhard Bästlein and Wilhelm Guddorf. He was associate editor of the left-wing newspaper "Die Innere Front" ("The Internal Front"), which published articles for opponents of Adolf Hitler from various backgrounds, even publishing some articles in foreign languages. As a result, he is considered to have been involved in the Rote Kapelle.
On December 1, 1942, he and Martin Weise were arrested and on October 8, 1943, he was convicted in the second Senate of the "Reichskrieggericht", the highest military court during the Nazi era. His crime was "complicity in treason and aiding the enemy" and he was sentenced to five years at hard labor. He was in various prisons until 1945, including the notorious Brandenburg-Görden Prison, where thousands were executed, including over 1,780 Resistance fighters.
After 1945.
From 1945 to 1948, Lange was the mayor of Brandenburg an der Havel. Afterwards he was head of the "Zentralen Kontrollkommission" ("Central Control Commission") of the German Economic Commission and from 1949 to 1954, of the "Zentrale Kommission für Staatliche Kontrolle", an executive organ of the Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands (SED) in the Soviet occupation zone, later the GDR.
From 1950 to 1958, he was a representative in the Volkskammer and a candidate for the Central Committee of the SED. In 1954, he became the Minister of Education. As Minister, he became part of a trend taking place in both East and West Germany that sought to reconnect with German culture, with those parts of Germany's past that was not controversial, not full of war and misery.
After criticism on the 5th Party Congress of the SED, he was removed from his position. From 1960 to 1961, he worked at the "Militärgeschichtliches Institut der DDR" ("Military History Institute of the GDR") in Potsdam.
Lange died in Berlin in 1981.
Honors.
In 1955, Lange was awarded the "Vaterländischer Verdienstorden", a medal for patriotism and service to his country.

</doc>
<doc id="9911978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911978" title="Rocky (film series)">
Rocky (film series)

Rocky is a boxing saga of popular films all written by and starring Sylvester Stallone, who plays the character Rocky Balboa. The films are, by order of release date: "Rocky" (1976), "Rocky II" (1979), "Rocky III" (1982), "Rocky IV" (1985), "Rocky V" (1990) and "Rocky Balboa" (2006). The film series has grossed more than US$1 billion at the worldwide box office.
The original film and the fifth installment were directed by John G. Avildsen, while Stallone directed all of the others.
Film summaries.
"Rocky".
Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) is a small-time boxer who seems to be going nowhere in life, as he works day-in and day-out as a collector for a loan shark and fights in sleazy clubs for low-paid reward, to which Rocky is mocked and told that he's nothing but a 'bum', especially by gym trainer Mickey Goldmill (Burgess Meredith). At the same time, Rocky unsuccessfully courts Adrian Pennino (Talia Shire), a painfully shy woman with an alcoholic brother, Paulie (Burt Young). But when heavyweight champion of the world Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) chooses Rocky at random as his opponent in a title fight, Rocky realizes he now has the chance to prove he is not worthless. With Adrian as his support and Mickey becoming his trainer and manager, Rocky fights for his self-respect.
"Rocky II".
Soon after proving himself, even with a split decision loss to Apollo Creed, Rocky expects the good life to follow. He marries Adrian and begins spending the money he earned from the match. But after he fails at both endorsements and a series of low-wage jobs, Rocky realizes the only way he can survive is to begin boxing again. Creed, on the other hand, faces criticism from fans to overcome the fight. As a result, he taunts Rocky through publicity into a rematch, for which Rocky trains once again with Mickey. In the fifteenth round, Rocky knocks Creed to the ground, falling to the ground himself in the process. Both fighters struggle to get to their feet, but only Rocky is successful. For the first time, Rocky is declared the Heavyweight Champion of the World.
"Rocky III".
After winning the heavyweight title, Rocky takes advantage of his newfound wealth and fame, appearing in multiple advertisements & television programs, and relishing his new celebrity. After defending the title multiple times, he is prepared to retire, but the No. 1 contender, James "Clubber" Lang (played by Mr. T), challenges Rocky publicly. Rocky, after dealing with Mickey's heart attack before the fight, is overpowered by the stronger, hungrier Lang and is knocked out in the second round. Mickey passes away after the fight, and old rival Apollo Creed steps in, training Rocky to fight more in Creed's old style (and in his old Los Angeles gym) and use more guile and skill. In the rematch, Rocky outboxes Lang, tiring the stronger fighter out and eventually knocking him out in the third round. After the fight, Apollo calls in his "favor" for training Rocky, which is a one-on-one match between the two of them with no cameras, no media, just man vs. man in the gym. The film ends as they each throw their first punch.
"Rocky IV".
After winning back the title from Clubber Lang, Rocky decides to spend some time with his family. However, destiny has some new plans for him which don't allow him to leave the ring. A new fighter from the USSR, Ivan Drago (played by Dolph Lundgren), has emerged and challenges Rocky to an exhibition match. Apollo fights instead, and the beating he takes from Drago ends with him dying in Rocky's arms, still in the ring, as Drago coldly watches. To avenge Apollo, Rocky challenges Drago to a rematch, which is to be held on Christmas Day in Moscow. In a montage replete with symbolism, Rocky is shown training in a remote cabin in Siberia with the help of Creed's old trainer Duke, his brother-in-law Paulie, and (eventually) Adrian, doing exercises such as chopping wood, lifting rocks, running in the snow, and climbing a mountain filled with snow, while Drago is seen in an ultratechnological training facility running on treadmills, utilizing weightlifting machines, and injecting steroids to boost his strength. During the fight itself, Rocky takes the worst beating of his life, but refuses to fall, eventually winning over the foreign crowd with his display of courage and determination, and he knocks Drago out with seconds left in the final round.
"Rocky V".
In the aftermath of his fight with Ivan Drago, Rocky Balboa is diagnosed with brain damage and is forced to retire from the ring. As if that isn't bad enough, the Balboa fortune is all gone due to an unscrupulous accountant. Rocky's family returns to their old neighborhood: Adrian returns to the pet store she used to work at, while, in a subplot, Rocky (Robert) Jr. (played by Sylvester Stallone's real son) deals with bullying at his school and Rocky re-opens Mickey's old gym. While training other boxers, Rocky meets a young, hungry boxer named Tommy Gunn (played by real-life fighter Tommy Morrison) and begins training him which results in a strained relationship with Robert. Unfortunately, as Tommy begins his rise to fame under Rocky's wing, a sleazy fight promoter named George Washington Duke convinces Tommy that Rocky is holding him back, and Tommy throws over Rocky for Duke. After Tommy wins the heavyweight championship, he makes a short speech thanking Duke, and is met with jeers and the familiar chant of "Rocky" from the crowd. Seething from this insult, as well as being called by publicists as "Rocky's Robot", Tommy decides to seek out his former mentor for a final showdown. Rocky starts to walk away from the public challenge, but Paulie decides to let Tommy have a piece of his mind about how Tommy has treated Rocky – after which Tommy punches Paulie. Rocky then challenges Tommy outside. The two proceed in a violent bare-knuckle street brawl, which Rocky wins. Rocky then proceeds to punch Duke for being harassed by him. In the end, Rocky and Robert reconcile as they run up the steps as father and son.
"Rocky Balboa".
In "Rocky Balboa", sixteen years have passed since his final fight with his former protégé, Tommy "The Machine" Gunn. Long retired Rocky Balboa still staggers around an ever-changing world; his son is grown and distant, Paulie is working back at the meat plant, and Rocky's wife Adrian has died. Rocky has opened a restaurant, named after his wife, which he stocks with mementos of his prime as he tells his old fight stories to the customers. But when a computer simulated fight on ESPN depicting a bout between a young Rocky Balboa and the current champion, Mason Dixon (Antonio Tarver) reignites interest in the faded boxer, Rocky discovers he has not lost his fighting spirit and considers an opportunity to prove himself in the ring again. Rocky does a great job fighting, and almost wins but loses to a split decision just like the first movie. Rocky is last seen visiting his wife's grave saying "Yo Adrian, we did it".
"Creed".
On July 24, 2013, it was announced that MGM has offered "Fruitvale Station" director Ryan Coogler to direct a spinoff of "Rocky". The film will focus on a man following in the footsteps of his grandfather, Apollo Creed, and getting a mentor in the now-retired Rocky Balboa. Michael B. Jordan has been offered the role of Creed's grandson, and Stallone will reprise his character of Rocky, in a script co-written by Coogler and Aaron Covington.
Reception.
Ratings collected from film review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes.
Accolades.
December 7, 2010, Sylvester Stallone was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame and Museum, for paying tribute to boxers in writing and creating the underdog character of Rocky.

</doc>
<doc id="9911997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9911997" title="McHenry Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
McHenry Township, McHenry County, Illinois

McHenry Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 47,653 and it contained 19,120 housing units. McHenry Township shares the distinction with Nunda Township as being the two largest townships by land area in McHenry County, at each.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 93.15%) is land and (or 6.87%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9912013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912013" title="Hollard Group">
Hollard Group

Hollard Group is an independent and privately owned insurance group based in South Africa that operates under two insurance licences: short term and life. The company was established in 1980 by Robert Enthoven, and the Enthoven family retains the majority share, locally through The Enthoven Family Trust (EFT) and internationally through Capricorn Ventures International (CVI).
The company.
The firm is known for the development of selling prepaid insurance, sold in cellphone-like ‘starter packs’ through retailers. It has been rated in the Top 10 in "South African Best Company to Work For" survey from 2002 to 2006 and was rated fifth in 2006; In 2007 to 2009 Hollard was rated in the Top 10 in "South African Best Company to Work For" survey’s Medium Category Winners. The company is located at Villa Arcadia, 22 Oxford Road in Parktown.
Social Impact Insurance.
Hollard and Dalberg created HUGinsure the world's first Social Impact Insurance entity. This was done in association with Aon and the Lloyd’s market. It will create a specialized risk assessment entity that will measure and manage risks associated with the funding of social impact organizations. It will apply tested rating methodologies and risk management principles to facilitate the underwriting of social impact funding. HUGinsure’s service will help funders assess the creditworthiness of social projects and organizations so they can deploy capital with confidence, accelerating the timely flow of funds to social organizations and preventing disruptions in their operations and impact. HUGinsure expects to accelerate over $400 million towards global development efforts by 2018. HUGinsure was launched at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York In September 2013.
Definition.
Social Impact Insurance is any insurance or insurance related product or service provided with the intention to generate measurable social and environmental impact together with a financial return. Social Impact Insurance can be applied in both emerging and developed markets, and target underwriting outcomes from below market to market norms, depending upon the circumstances and degree of social impact achieved. As with Social Impact Investing, Social Impact Insurance tends to have its roots in either social, development, or environmental issues. Social Impact Insurers actively looks to provide risk mitigation products and services to socially relevant projects in a manner that enhances the probability of success whether by enhancing credit worthiness to attract investment and or to speed up or stabilise cash flows or protecting people processes and assets against the multitude of risks which may otherwise hamper success to the detriment of society.
Impact Insurers are primarily distinguished by their intention to address social and environmental challenges through the provision of insurance coverage. For example, criteria to evaluate the positive social and/or environmental outcomes of investments or project that may benefit from insurance coverage are an integrated component of the underwriting processes.
Social Impact Insurance can be in the form of insurance including Credit, Marine, Property Damage, Engineering and Construction, Liability, and Life Insurance.
Globalisation.
The firm is the largest independent and privately owned insurer in South Africa and has operations and investments in Namibia, Mozambique, Botswana, Australia, India, Pakistan, China and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9912019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912019" title="Gwyn Jones (rugby player)">
Gwyn Jones (rugby player)

Rhodri Gwyn Jones (born 5 October 1972) is a former Wales international rugby union player.
Jones was educated at Ysgol Gynradd Gymraeg Pontybrenin, then Ysgol Gyfun Gwŷr. He went onto Llandovery College and then Cardiff Medical School, where he played for Cardiff Medicals RFC.
Jones was a natural rugby player with obvious flair. He captained Wales at under 15 and under 17 level. He also won five caps for the under 18 level.
He soon progressed to the Senior stage winning 13 caps for Wales, five of which as captain. He was the 109th Captain of Wales.
His first cap was against Italy in 1996 and his last against New Zealand in 1997. Jones scored one international try.
Jones suffered a spinal injury playing in his normal position of open-side flanker for his club Cardiff against Swansea in December 1997. For five days after the accident he was unable to move from the chest down even though X-rays showed his spinal cord to be severely compressed rather than broken. At the time of the accident he was 25 years old, captain of Wales and having attained 13 caps was expected to have a long and distinguished playing career. 
Jones never played again, but after an operation and extensive rehabilitation, which included learning to stand and walk again, he recovered sufficiently to develop a career as a rugby critic on television and returned to his career as a doctor in Cardiff.
In 2002 the Welsh Rugby Former International Players' Association and the Welsh Rugby Union honoured Jones with a Bravery Award.
His great uncle, Ivor Jones, was capped by Wales and toured Australia and New Zealand in 1930 with the British and Irish Lions. He also served as president of the Welsh Rugby Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9912021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912021" title="Nunda Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Nunda Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Nunda Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 38,245 and it contained 14,492 housing units. Nunda Township changed its name from Brooklyn Township on December 28, 1850. Nunda Township shares the distinction with McHenry Township as being the two largest townships by land area in McHenry County, at each.
NUNDA is pronounced locally "Nun-day" or "Noon-day" not "Nun-duh".
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 97.40%) is land and (or 2.60%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9912032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912032" title="National Prize for Arts and Sciences (Mexico)">
National Prize for Arts and Sciences (Mexico)

The National Prize for Arts and Sciences (Premio Nacional de Ciencias y Artes) is awarded annually by the Government of Mexico in six categories. It was established in 1945. The prize is a gold medal and 520,000 pesos. 
Selected winners.
"For a complete list of winners in tabular format, see the corresponding article in Spanish."
Linguistics and literature.
"Lingüística y Literatura"
Physics, Mathematics, and Natural Sciences.
"Ciencias Físico-Matemáticas y Naturales"
Technology and Design.
"Tecnología y Diseño"
Popular Arts and Traditions.
"Artes y Tradiciones Populares"
Fine arts.
"Bellas Artes"
History, Social Sciences, and Philosophy.
"Historia, Ciencias Sociales y Filosofía"

</doc>
<doc id="9912036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912036" title="Richmond Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Richmond Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Richmond Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 6,683 and it contained 2,685 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.42%) is land and (or 0.58%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9912046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912046" title="Lafuma">
Lafuma

Lafuma is a French based company that specializes in outdoor equipment and clothing, such as backpacks, sleeping bags, and footwear. They also offer a wide variety of other equipment, earning comparisons to United States based companies such as Patagonia and Columbia Sportswear. Group brands include Eider, Le Chameau, Millet and Oxbow.
History.
The three Lafuma brothers - Victor, Alfred and Gabriel - founded Lafuma in 1930 producing backpacks. In 1936, the company invented the metal-frame braced backpack, which expanded the group considerably. Having produced products for both the French Army pre-World War II, and during the occupation of France by Nazi Germany for the Wehrmacht, the company resumed production post-war. In 1954 Lafuma expanded into camping furniture.
In 1984, the company went bankrupt, and was taken over by a grandson of the founders, Philippe Joffard. In 1985 the company expanded into sleeping bags, and in 1986 moved part of its production to Tunisia. In 1991, the company launched new clothing brands, and in 1992 opened new production facilities in Hungary. This allowed the resumption of the production of brands Millet and Le Chameau in 1995.
The company was launched on the CAC Small second market in 1997, reducing the founding-families share to around a 15% share holding. Philippe Joffard remains chairman.
In 2004, the company purchased the jeans brand Ober, and in 2005 Oxbow. In 2006, the company began co-branding winter clothing with Thierry Mugler. After a difficult year in 2007, Lafuma resumed production of the Eider brand, but by moving production from Éloise to overseas facilities.
Current.
The group is still highly reliant on the domestic French market, with 60% of group turnover generated from French sales. The current brandlines of the group include (with reported sales percentages):
Detailed figures for the licensing of the Killy trademark are not published. Turnover by product is broken down as:
The group has eight production sites, in: France (4); Hungary (1); Tunisia (1); Morocco (1); and China (1).

</doc>
<doc id="9912052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912052" title="Dangerous Minds (soundtrack)">
Dangerous Minds (soundtrack)

The Dangerous Minds Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 1995 film "Dangerous Minds". The album was released on CD, LP and cassette in 1995 on Epic Records.
The soundtrack topped the "Billboard" 200 chart in 1995. By December 1995, it was certified triple platinum in sales by the RIAA, after sales exceeding 3,000,000 copies in the United States.
Release and reception.
The album reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and reached the second spot on the R&B albums chart. The album was certified platinum in September 1995 and triple platinum by December of the same year.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic called the soundtrack "an expertly-crafted urban R&B/hip-hop collection, featuring stellar production and songwriting from a number of the best and most popular artists of 1995."
Chart history.
Singles.
"—" denotes releases that did not chart.
Personnel.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="9912058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912058" title="Riley Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Riley Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Riley Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,922 and it contained 1,046 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.81%) is land and (or 0.22%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9912059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912059" title="Del otro lado del puente">
Del otro lado del puente

Del otro lado del puente is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912064" title="La Voz de mi ciudad">
La Voz de mi ciudad

La Voz de mi ciudad is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912066" title="Romeo and Juliet (1953 film)">
Romeo and Juliet (1953 film)

Romeo y Julita is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912068" title="Ue... paisano!">
Ue... paisano!

Ue... paisano! is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912069" title="Una Ventana a la vida">
Una Ventana a la vida

Una Ventana a la vida is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912071" title="The Black Vampire">
The Black Vampire

The Black Vampire () is a 1953 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto, starring Olga Zubarry and Roberto Escalada.
It is inspired by Fritz Lang's "M".

</doc>
<doc id="9912073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912073" title="Seneca Township, McHenry County, Illinois">
Seneca Township, McHenry County, Illinois

Seneca Township is located in McHenry County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,944 and it contained 1,106 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9912076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912076" title="The Girl Cat">
The Girl Cat

The Girl Cat () is a 1953 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9912080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912080" title="Muerte civil">
Muerte civil

Muerte civil is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912083" title="El Muerto es un vivo">
El Muerto es un vivo

El Muerto es un vivo is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912084" title="State Council of East Germany">
State Council of East Germany

The State Council (German: "Staatsrat"), was the collective head of state that governed East Germany (German Democratic Republic), from 1960 to 1990.
Origins.
When the German Democratic Republic was founded in 1949, its constitution in its formal structure resembled a "bourgeois", federalist democratic system in order to portray the GDR as the legitimate continuation of the prewar Weimar Republic in opposition to the supposedly separatist Federal Republic. One of the "bourgeois" features of the constitution (in Article 66) was the office of President, which was filled by Wilhelm Pieck, formerly the leader of the eastern branch of the Communist Party of Germany and now one of the two chairmen of the Socialist Unity Party. 
However, from the start the East German government was completely controlled by the SED, and over time its actual power structure grew closer to the model of the Soviet Union. When Wilhelm Pieck died on 7 September 1960, the head of state was reshaped along those lines. The constitution was amended on 12 September 1960 by the "Law concerning the formation of the State Council", which created a collective body in place of the presidency. The same constitutional amendment also acknowledged the role of the recently formed National Defense Council ("Nationaler Verteidigungsrat") in GDR defense policy. The State Council remained virtually unchanged in the 1968 constitution and amendments of 1974.
Election.
The State Council was elected by the People's Chamber, the East German parliament. Its term was originally four years, but was later changed to five years.
The body consisted of a chairman, several deputy chairmen (usually six), further members (usually sixteen) and a secretary. Members were taken from the political parties and mass organizations affiliated to the SED-controlled National Front. Occasionally an otherwise prominent citizen was also included. Outside of East Germany, the chairman's post was reckoned as being equivalent to that of president.
The chairmanship was commonly occupied by the leader of the SEDshort exceptions were the period of transformation from the leadership of Ulbricht to Honnecker from 1971 to 1976 and the immediate aftermath of the SED's collapse in 1989whereas the leaders of the smaller parties served as deputy chairmen.
Functions and development.
Functions of the State council included
Originally, the State Council also could issue statutory decrees and legally-binding interpretations of constitution and laws. The diplomatic role of head of state solely rested with the chairman. Both the body's legislative powers and the chairman's special diplomatic status were formally abolished in 1974.
Though the Council formally exercised its functions collectively, it was dominated by its chairman, especially if the chairman was also leader of the party. However, the body had some importance as an advisory and decision-making body under Walter Ulbricht. When Ulbricht lost power in the early 1970s, the body was reduced to a ceremonial role. The 1974 amendments reflected this development.
The secretariat of the State Council was of some practical importance as its approximately 200 employees since 1961 dealt with citizens' petitions. Authorities in government and economics were obliged to cooperate with the secretariat on this.
Abolition.
When Egon Krenz, Honecker's successor as leader of the SED, failed in his bid to preserve his party's rule in East Germany, he resigned from his offices in party and government, including in role as chairman of the State Council. To mark the end of the SED's monopoly on power, LDPD leader Manfred Gerlach was elected chairman. However, the body ceased to be of political importance and merely oversaw the transition to the parliamentary elections of March 1990.
The new People's Chamber, the first that emerged from free elections, constituted on 5 April 1990. Among its first measures was an amendment to the constitution abolishing the State Council. As provided in the constitution, the president of the People's Chamber, Sabine Bergmann-Pohl, served as interim head of state until reunification with West Germany on 3 October.

</doc>
<doc id="9912086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912086" title="La mejor del colegio">
La mejor del colegio

La Mejor del colegio is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912087" title="Highfield Church">
Highfield Church

Highfield Church is a parish church in the Highfield district of Southampton, England. It is an Anglican Church in the Diocese of Winchester.
History.
Early History.
The foundation stone for Highfield Church was laid on 12 September 1846 and it was consecrated on 17 September 1847, by the Right Reverend Charles Sumner, the Bishop of Winchester. The first Minister was the Reverend Philip Raulin Robin. The legal name of the church is "Christ Church, Portswood" but it became commonly known as "Highfield Church" in 1883.
World Wars.
During the First World War (1914–1918) quite a number of the men from the parish went to the battlefields. Within the parish boundaries about of land were being developed for housing so a western extension was built to accommodate the extra . A First World War memorial was erected near the south door in 1921. 
During the Second World War (1939–1945) Southampton was bombed heavily and there were direct hits on the parish and much loss of life. Throughout this period the clergy and members of the church kept watch on the church with a stirrup pump, buckets and shovels. The windows were given a coating of a rubber solution to lessen the danger of splintering glass.
The neighbouring church of St Barnabas was destroyed in 1940 and the two churches were temporarily merged until the rebuilding of the church at St Barnabas in 1957.
In 1941 there was an air raid where incendiary bombs fell near to the church. There was no serious structural damage to the church but windows in both the east and west ends of the church were shattered and the caretaker's quarters were destroyed. Despite the roof requiring 7000 new tiles, the morning matins went ahead. The church replaced those eastern windows that were destroyed in the blitz and these were the church's memorial to those who died in the Second World War.
Later history.
The church celebrated its centenary in September 1947 with services by two previous vicars.
The church's building had grade II listed building status by 1969.
Architecture.
The church originally had a nave, a small chancel with clerestory windows, a south aisle, and a tower with a broached oak shingled spire, which contained one bell. The architect was Joshua Brandon, who died before the building was completed and is buried in the churchyard. The walls of the church are of Purbeck Stone with mouldings of Caen Stone and the painted glass windows were created by Nixon and Ward.
The church has been built onto and altered many times since it was first built.
Area.
Highfield Church is at the junction of Highfield Lane and Church Lane in the Highfield area of Southampton. Next to the church is the Church Centre, which is used by the church and the community for events, for example, adult education classes. Adjacent to the church is the main Highfield campus of the University of Southampton. The Highfield Church of England School building stands next to Highfield Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9912090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912090" title="Mercado negro">
Mercado negro

Mercado negro is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912092" title="Rebelión en los llanos">
Rebelión en los llanos

Rebelión en los llanos is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912093" title="El Pecado más lindo del mundo">
El Pecado más lindo del mundo

El Pecado más lindo del mundo is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912098" title="La pasión desnuda">
La pasión desnuda

La pasión desnuda (Naked Passion) is a 1953 Argentine film. It was written and directed by Luis César Amadori and starred María Félix, Carlos Thompson and Eduardo Cuitiño.
The Argentine Academy of Cinematography Arts and Sciences gave Cuitiño the award for outstanding male performance in this film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912100" title="Mansedumbre">
Mansedumbre

Mansedumbre is a 1953 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912101" title="Jacinto Zamora">
Jacinto Zamora

Jacinto Zamora y del Rosario (14 August 1835 - 17 February 1872) was a Filipino secular priest, part of the Gomburza trio who were falsely accused of mutiny by the Spanish colonial authorities in the Philippines in the 19th century. He was placed in a mock trial and summarily executed in Manila along with two other clergymen.
Early life.
Born on August 14, 1835 to Venancio Zamora and Hilaria del Rosario, he began his early education in Pandacan and later at the Colegio de San Juan de Letran. He was classified as an "insular" under the Spanish caste system prevailing at that time. He later transferred to the University of Santo Tomas after finishing his "Bachiller en Artes". Zamora graduated on March 16, 1858 with the degree of Bachelor of Canon and Civil Laws. He became a student preparing for the priesthood in the Seminary of Manila.
Pastoral life.
After being ordained, Zamora handled parishes in Marikina, Pasig, and Batangas. He was also assigned to manage the Manila Cathedral on 3 December 1864. In league with fellow priests Mariano Gómez and José Burgos, he continued the mission that Pedro Pelaez began, the secularization of Filipino priests.
Death.
Zamora had a habit of playing cards after saying Mass. Once, he received an invitation stating that his friend had "Powder and Munitions"; in a gambler's language, "Powder and Munitions" meant that the player had much money to gamble with. This invitation fell into the hands of the Spaniards and worse, it was on the night of the Cavite mutiny led by a Filipino soldier, Sgt. La Madrid. This invitation was used by the Spaniards as evidence against the three priests. The court accused them of inciting the revolt, even though the evidence was not adequate. They were found guilty and sentenced to death by garrote. The execution was carried out on February 17, 1872 at Bagumbayan Field in Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="9912104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912104" title="El Hijo del crack">
El Hijo del crack

El Hijo del crack (meaning "Son of the Star") is a 1953 Argentine football drama film co-directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and Leopoldo Torres Ríos and starring Armando Bo and Oscar Rovito. The film, a tale of a dwindling professional football star and his son was released on December 15, 1953 in Normandie cinema in Buenos Aires. The cast involved major professional football players of the time as Mario Boyé, Tucho Méndez and Ángel Labruna and journalists such as Fioravanti. It is the last film in which Leopoldo Torres Ríos and Leopoldo Torre Nilsson (father and son) worked together. The 77 minute film was produced by Sociedad Independiente Filmadora Argentina (SIFA). 
Plot.
Mario Lopez (Oscar Rovito) is a child, the son of an aging footballer (Armando Bo) . On the one hand, while his father is disowned by supporters for being no longer physically able to play it, he tries to convince himself that this is a temporary decline and he will return to his former star status. On the other hand, his mother and his maternal grandfather, reject the world of football and the street, arguing that it is a primitive world and inadequate, isolating him. Only his son remains a major fan. Dying from a serious illness, he tries to please his fans once more and regain his legendary status.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Reception.
The International Film Guide described the film as a "purely commercial work", unlike many of Torre Nilson's other films such as "El Crimen de Oribe" (1950) and later films which were more art films with attention to themes, plot and psychological aspects. Jorge Miguel Couselo in his 1984 book "Historia del cine argentino" remarked that "despite a poor script, film showed seriousness" and praised the talent and performance by Oscar Rovito playing the son. Ricardo Oliveri in his 1997 book "Cine argentino: crónica de 100 años" concurred that Rovito had contributed a good performance and described the film as an "agreeable product". The Institute de Literatura Argentina highlighted the strong presence of the father and son in the film and noted its neorealist elements and charge.

</doc>
<doc id="9912106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912106" title="Intermezzo criminal">
Intermezzo criminal

Intermezzo criminal is a 1953 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9912114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912114" title="Greatest Moments – VH1 Storytellers Live">
Greatest Moments – VH1 Storytellers Live

Greatest Moments is a greatest hits compilation by British band Culture Club. It was released in the UK on 9 November 1998, and went platinum in the UK, reaching #15 in the album charts. The album also contains three solo Boy George tracks. 
The album includes the greatest hits released from the band, spanning from their debut album (1982's "Kissing to Be Clever"), to their most recent single in 1998. There is also a limited edition bonus disc called VH1 Storytellers Live, recorded live on 2 May 1998 at Sony Studios, New York.
The only single taken from the album is "I Just Wanna Be Loved" which managed to reach #4 in the singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9912115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912115" title="The Bodyguard 2">
The Bodyguard 2

The Bodyguard 2 () is a 2007 Thai action-comedy film written, directed by and starring Petchtai Wongkamlao. A prequel to his 2004 film, "The Bodyguard", "The Bodyguard 2" tells the origins of Petchtai's bodyguard character, and like the first film, it features a host of cameo appearances by Thai celebrities, including action star Tony Jaa.
With a budget of over 100,000,000 baht, the film was the most expensive in Thai cinema before "Ong Bak 2" surpassed it in late 2008.
Plot.
Khamlao is a secret agent for the country of Wongnaileum, which shares the common Isan dialect and culture with its neighboring country, Thailand (similar to Laos). He is dispatched to Bangkok on a secret mission to track down some terrorists. To do so, he goes undercover as a luk thung singer working for a record label that serves as a front company for dealers in weapons of mass destruction. As he probes deep inside the record company, he finds that the company's executive secretary is actually a CIA agent, assigned to the same mission. Meanwhile, Khamlao's wife, Keaw, discovers that Khamlao had lied to her about his job in Thailand.
The end of the film leaves where the first film starts.

</doc>
<doc id="9912126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912126" title="Bob O'Malley">
Bob O'Malley

Bob O'Malley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9912173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912173" title="El Día Que Me Quieras (song)">
El Día Que Me Quieras (song)

El día que me quieras () is a tango with music by Carlos Gardel and lyrics by Alfredo Le Pera. Originally featured in the 1935 film of the same name, it became a heavily recorded tango standard, even by artists outside of the realm of tango. It has subsequently been covered by various artists such as Luis Miguel and Roberto Carlos.
Luis Miguel version.
Mexican singer Luis Miguel recorded a cover version of the song, his Grammy Award-winning album "Segundo Romance", in 1994. This single peaked at number-one in the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart in 1994, one of the two songs with along with "La Media Vuelta" from the album to do so.
Gloria Estefan version.
Gloria Estefan has written and recorded the first-ever English translation of the song ("The Day You Say You Love Me") for her 2013 album "The Standards". “It was the wedding song that Emilio and I danced to!” she relates. “I wanted to record it. It was never done in English, and I wanted it to be as close to the author's version as possible and I was so inspired. Before we started doing the record, I wrote the translation. It’s always nice when you can write a standard!” Some editions of Estefan's album also include a cover with the original Spanish lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="9912180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912180" title="Menachem Friedman">
Menachem Friedman

Menachem Friedman (born 1936) is an Israeli Emeritus Professor of sociology at Bar Ilan University, Ramat-Gan. He explores the field of religion and the confrontations between religious and secular Judaism in modern history. He also studies the modern process of Halachic decision making.
Together with Samuel Heilman, Friedman authored "The Rebbe: The Life and Afterlife of Menachem Mendel Schneerson". Many of the authors' conclusions, as well as their methodology and research were later criticized by some scholars including Chaim Rapoport in a book titled " "The Afterlife of Scholarship - A Critical Review of 'The Rebbe' by Samuel Heilman and Menachem Friedman". Friedman was also criticised for not disclosing that he had served as an expert witness against the rebbe in a lawsuit involving ownership of the Chabad library, which invites suspicion of an agenda-driven or biased opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="9912210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912210" title="Council of Pavia">
Council of Pavia

In the history of the Catholic Church, the Council of Pavia usually refers to the fifteenth century Council of Pavia-Siena of 1423/4, which was convened at Pavia and then moved to Siena because of the plague.
It may also refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="9912217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912217" title="Isu Group">
Isu Group

Isu Group is a large South Korean "chaebol" (conglomerate), with subsidiaries in the chemical, industry, financial, petroleum and automotive fields. It is headquartered in Banpo-dong Seocho-gu Seoul, Korea and was established in 1996. The CEO is Kim Sang Beom, a J.D. and M.B.A. graduate of the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="9912247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912247" title="List of South Park cast members">
List of South Park cast members

"South Park" is an American adult sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone who also do the majority of the voices. Both Parker and Stone do most of the male characters on the show along with April Stewart and Mona Marshall, who do the female characters on the show. Guest stars have lend their voices to the show including Jay Leno, George Clooney, Robert Smith and the comedy duo Cheech & Chong voiced characters representing their likenesses for the season four (2000) episode "Cherokee Hair Tampons", which was the duo's first collaborative effort in 20 years.
Characters in the show, according to Parker and Stone, are inspired by people they met when they were kids. Stan Marsh is made based on Parker himself while Kyle Broflovski is based on Stone himself. Eric Cartman is partially named after and based on Matt Karpman, a high school classmate of Parker who remains a friend of both Parker and Stone. Cartman is also inspired by "All in the Family" patriarch Archie Bunker, of whom Parker and Stone are fans. They state that creating Cartman as a "little eight-year-old fat kid" made it easier for the two to portray a Bunker-like character after the introduction of political correctness to late-20th century television. Kenny McCormick was based on the creator's observation that most groups of childhood friends in small middle-class towns always included "the one poor kid" and decided to portray Kenny in this light. Butters Stotch is loosely based on South Park co-producer Eric Stough.
Some of the original voice actors left the show. Mary Kay Bergman voiced the majority of the female characters until her suicide on November 11, 1999. Mona Marshall and Eliza Schneider succeeded Bergman, with Schneider leaving the show after its seventh season (2003). She was replaced by April Stewart, who, along with Marshall, continues to voice most of the female characters. Issac Hayes, who voiced the character Chef, left the show after Parker and Stone's depiction of his religion Scientology in the episode Trapped in the Closet.
Current cast.
Parker and Stone voice most of the male "South Park" characters. Mary Kay Bergman voiced the majority of the female characters until her suicide on November 11, 1999. Mona Marshall and Eliza Schneider succeeded Bergman, with Schneider leaving the show after its seventh season (2003). She was replaced by April Stewart, who, along with Marshall, continues to voice most of the female characters. Bergman was originally listed in the credits under the alias Shannen Cassidy to protect her reputation as the voice of several Disney and other kid-friendly characters. Stewart was originally credited under the name Gracie Lazar, while Schneider was sometimes credited under her rock opera performance pseudonym Blue Girl.
Other voice actors and members of "South Park"'s production staff have voiced minor characters for various episodes, while a few staff members voice recurring characters; supervising producer Jennifer Howell voices student Bebe Stevens, co-producer and storyboard artist Adrien Beard voices the school's only black student, Token Black, writing consultant Vernon Chatman voices an anthropomorphic towel named Towelie, and production supervisor John Hansen voices Mr. Slave, the former gay lover of Mr. Garrison. Throughout the show's run, the voices for toddler and kindergarten characters have been provided by various small children of the show's production staff.
When voicing child characters, the voice actors speak within their normal vocal range while adding a childlike inflection. The recorded audio is then edited with Pro Tools, and the pitch is altered to make the voice sound more like that of a fourth grader.
Isaac Hayes voiced the character of Chef, a black, soul-singing cafeteria worker who was one of the few adults the boys consistently trusted. Hayes agreed to voice the character after being among Parker and Stone's ideal candidates which also included Lou Rawls and Barry White. Hayes, who lived and hosted a radio show in New York during his tenure with "South Park", would record his dialogue on a digital audio tape while a respective episode's director would give directions over the phone, then the tape would be shipped to the show's production studio in California. After Hayes left the show in early 2006, the character of Chef was killed off in the season 10 (2006) premiere "The Return of Chef".
Guest stars.
Celebrities who appear on the show are usually impersonated, though some celebrities lend their voice to their characters. Celebrities who have voiced themselves include Michael Buffer, Brent Musburger, Jay Leno, Robert Smith, and the bands Radiohead and Korn.
Comedy team Cheech & Chong voiced characters representing their likenesses for the season four (2000) episode "Cherokee Hair Tampons", which was the duo's first collaborative effort in 20 years. Malcolm McDowell appears in live-action sequences as the narrator of the season four episode "Pip".
Jennifer Aniston, Richard Belzer,
Natasha Henstridge, Norman Lear, and Peter Serafinowicz have guest starred as other speaking characters. During "South Park"'s earliest seasons, several high-profile celebrities inquired about guest-starring on the show. As a joke, Parker and Stone responded by offering low-profile, non-speaking roles, most of which were accepted; George Clooney provided the barks for Stan's dog Sparky in the season one (1997) episode "Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride", Leno provided the meows for Cartman's cat in the season one finale "Cartman's Mom Is a Dirty Slut", and Henry Winkler voiced the various growls and grunts of a kid-eating monster in the season two (1998) episode "City on the Edge of Forever". Jerry Seinfeld offered to lend his voice for the Thanksgiving episode "Starvin' Marvin", but declined to appear when he was only offered a role as "Turkey #2".
Trey Parker.
Trey Parker voices four of the main characters: Stan Marsh, Eric Cartman, Randy Marsh and Mr. Garrison. He also provides the voices of several recurring characters, such as Clyde Donovan, Mr. Hankey, Mr. Mackey, Stephen Stotch, Jimmy Valmer, Timmy, Tuong Lu Kim and Phillip.
Matt Stone.
Matt Stone voices three of the main characters: Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick and Butters Stotch. He also provides the voices of several recurring characters, such as Gerald Broflovski, Stuart McCormick, Craig Tucker, Jimbo Kern, Terrance, Saddam Hussein, Tweek Tweak, Mr. Adler and Jesus.
Mona Marshall.
Mona Marshall voices Sheila Broflovski and Linda Stotch.
April Stewart.
April Stewart voices Liane Cartman, Sharon Marsh, Carol McCormick, Shelley Marsh, Mayor McDaniels, Principal Victoria and Wendy Testaburger.
Recurring guest voices.
The recurring guest voices include John Hansen, Vernon Chatman, Adrien Beard and Jennifer Howell.
Casting changes.
Mary Kay Bergman voiced the majority of the female characters until her suicide on November 11, 1999. Mona Marshall and Eliza Schneider succeeded Bergman, with Schneider leaving the show after its seventh season (2003). She was replaced by April Stewart, who, along with Marshall, continues to voice most of the female characters. Isaac Hayes, who voiced the character Chef, left the show after Parker and Stone's depiction of his religion Scientology in the episode "Trapped in the Closet".

</doc>
<doc id="9912264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912264" title="Carbon Glacier">
Carbon Glacier

Carbon Glacier is located on the north slope of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington and is the source of the Carbon River. The snout at the glacier terminal moraine is at about above sea level, making it the lowest-elevation glacier in the contiguous United States. The glacier also has the greatest length (), thickness () and volume () of any U.S. glacier outside of Alaska.
Carbon Glacier is accessible from the northwest Carbon River entrance of Mount Rainier National Park, just outside the town of Carbonado, Washington. The glacier is accessible on foot via an hike from the Carbon River entrance of Mt. Rainier National Park. The road and trail is currently washed out in several areas due to flooding of the Carbon River in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9912297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912297" title="List of Israeli ambassadors to Azerbaijan">
List of Israeli ambassadors to Azerbaijan

This is a list of Israel's ambassadors to Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="9912301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912301" title="Nehru Stadium, Indore">
Nehru Stadium, Indore

Nehru Stadium located in Indore, India is a cricket stadium with a capacity of 25,000. It is the home ground for Holkars in Ranji Trophy.
History.
The Stadium attained infamy when a ODI match between India and Sri Lanka on 25 December 1997 was abandoned after the 3rd over of the first innings.
The game was abandoned because the captains, umpires felt that the pitch was dangerous for the players to play on. The match referee concurred and a 30-over exhibition match was held to placate the restless crowd.
The stadium was suspended by ICC from holding matches for 2 years. The Stadium returned to host one last ODI match on 31 March 2001 where Sachin Tendulkar created history by becoming the first player to reach 10,000 runs in ODI cricket.
Maharani Usharaje Trust Cricket Ground in the same city hosted the last ODI match between India and England in April 2006. It is unknown if Nehru Stadium will ever host another international match.
One Day International cricket.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.

</doc>
<doc id="9912304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912304" title="Bari Culture">
Bari Culture

Typically this term applies to the culture of Sandal Bar Area but it can also be used for whole of the bar area of Punjab which includes Neeli Bar, Ganji Bar and Kirana Bar also. This area has thousands of years of history as it is includes the main tributaries of river Indus. Harrapa is also situated in the Neeli Bar Area. The famous epic of Heer Ranjha describes the romance story which came into existence on the soil of this land and them became the classic of Punjabi Language Poetry was written by one of the son of this land (Waris Shah) on the soil of this land and in the language of this land. The founder of Sikhism, Baba Guru Nanak Dev and his companion Bhai Mardana beloneged to the land of Bar Area. The freedom fighter Shaheed Bhagat Singh was born here and Rai Ahmed Khan Kharal the freedom fighter of the war of 1857. A book named as Kaal Bulaindi (which is rarely available) was written on the freedom struggle in the Bar region.Dulla Bhatti who rebelled against the Mughal monarchy also came from here. 

</doc>
<doc id="9912311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912311" title="Kebu Stewart">
Kebu Stewart

Kebu Omar Stewart (born December 19, 1973) is an American retired basketball player. He played in the NBA and had a rich international career, playing in several countries.
High school and college career.
Stewart was a star high school player at national powerhouse Oak Hill Academy and later on at Our Saviour Lutheran in the Bronx, where he averaged nearly 36 points per game and earned honorable mention All American honors in the 1992–92 season.
Stewart signed to play at UNLV, but was academically ineligible his freshman year. He redshirted, and played the 1993–94 season with the Runnin' Rebels. Although Stewart wasn't eligible until January, he won Big West Conference Newcomer of the Year and Player of the Year honors, averaging 19 points and 12 rebounds per game. Stewart, who reportedly clashed with the coaching staff several times (even during the time when he on redshirt status), was suspended from the team after the following season. He later transferred to Division II Cal State Bakersfield, where he went on to become Division II Player of the Year and California Collegiate Athletic Association Player of the Year as a senior, leading the team to the NCAA Division II national championship. He also led the nation (Division II) in rebounding as a senior in 1996–97 with 13.4 rpg.
Professional career.
Stewart was drafted by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2nd round of the 1997 NBA Draft, and played 15 games during the 1997–98 NBA season, averaging 2.7 points and 2.1 rebounds per game.
Stewart started his overseas career in Israel with Hapoel Jerusalem in the 2000–01 season. Then, he played for Avtodor Saratov and UNICS in Russia (2001–2003). He also played few games for Prokom Trefl Sopot (Poland) and Adecco Estudiantes (Spain), before signed for NIS Vojvodina (Serbia and Montenegro) in late 2003. After two seasons there, he moved to Italy and played for Vertical Vision Cantù in the 2005–06 season. In the 2006–07 season, he played for Seoul SK Knights (South Korea) and Crvena zvezda (Serbia). He last played for Barons/LMT Rīga (Latvia) in the 2007–08 season, but left the team during the first half of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9912339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912339" title="RRS James Cook">
RRS James Cook

The RRS "James Cook" is a British Royal Research Ship operated by the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC). She was built in 2006 to replace the ageing RRS "Charles Darwin" with funds from Britain's NERC and the DTI's Large Scientific Facilities Fund. She was named after Captain James Cook, the British explorer, navigator and cartographer at the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton by HRH The Princess Royal.
On her maiden scientific voyage, on 5 March 2007, the RRS James Cook was involved in the discovery of what is believed to be the world's deepest undersea volcanic vents, while in the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="9912348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912348" title="José Sulaimán">
José Sulaimán

José Sulaimán Chagnón (May 30, 1931 – January 16, 2014) was a Mexican boxing official of Lebanese and Native American descent. He was the president of the World Boxing Council.
Biography.
Sulaimán boxed as an amateur and had served as a trainer, promoter, referee, and judge. However, he was best known as an administrator for more than three decades. At the age of 16, he was on the boxing commission in San Luis Potosí, Mexico. In 1968, he joined the World Boxing Council (WBC) and quickly moved through the ranks. On December 5, 1975, Sulaiman was unanimously elected president of the WBC and had served in that capacity until the time of his death.
Under Sulaiman's leadership, the WBC had instituted many new rules and regulations regarding boxers' safety and welfare. Among the changes was the reduction of world championship bouts from 15 rounds to 12, the official weigh-in taking place 24 hours prior to each bout, the creation of intermediate weight divisions, the creation of the World Medical Congress, the introduction of the attached thumb glove and the funding of brain injury research programs at UCLA. During Sulaiman's tenure, the WBC sanctioned over 1,100 title bouts and 300 boxers won world titles. Truly a worldwide organization, Sulaiman had expanded the WBC's global reach to include 161 affiliated nations.
Outside of boxing, Sulaiman, who spoke Spanish, English, Arabic, Italian, Portuguese and French, successfully operated a medical supply company in Mexico. 
He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame on June 10, 2007.
Controversies.
Sulaiman was also a very controversial figure. Journalist Matthew Hurley wrote, "How he was ever voted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame is beyond me." 
Sulaiman had been accused of corruption numerous times. For example, many in the boxing community had accused the WBC of bending its rules to suit promoter Don King. The late journalist Jack Newfield wrote that Sulaiman "became more King's junior partner than his independent regulator." Another journalist, Peter Heller, echoed that comment, writing, "Sulaiman...became little more than an errand boy for Don King." Heller quoted British promoter Mickey Duff as saying, "My complaint is that José Sulaimán is not happy his friend Don King is the biggest promoter in boxing. Sulaiman will only be happy when Don King is the "only" promoter in boxing." 
After Pernell Whitaker lost a controversial decision to Jose Luis Ramirez in 1988, Whitaker's trainer, Lou Duva, called Sulaiman "a thief" and Whitaker's manager, Shelly Finkel, said, "King and Sulaiman fixed the fight, no question about it." 
Death.
Sulaimán died at the age of 82 in Los Angeles on January 16, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9912350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912350" title="Kamaraj Nagar">
Kamaraj Nagar

Kamaraj Nagar() is a residential area of Pondicherry Town in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India. 
It is surrounded by Chinna Subrayapillai Street in the east, Kazhini (Paddy Fields) in the south, Government Primary Health Center and Sollai Counder Street in the North and Church of Our Lady of Good Health in the West. Kamaraj Nagar is cool and greenery with Concrete roads. 
Old Name for Kamaraj Nagar is Pudavaikaran Thope. As the name indicates this area was once a thope (garden) property of a textile merchant which in Tamil called as Pudavaikaran Thope.
Streets of Kamaraj Nagar.
There are only 4 streets in Kamaraj Nagar. First and Second Cross bisects Third and Fourth Cross perpendicularly.
First Cross.
This street once hold "Government Branch Library", Ariyankuppam and Bharath English High School. Annual Day Function of Bharath English High School was celebrated here. Also Vimco Volleyball Tournament held many times in the ground opposite to the School.
Second Cross.
Anganvadi(preschool),Ariyankuppam is located in this street
Third Cross.
The first brick build house of Kamaraj Nagar was constructed in this street in the year 1980. During those period, when there is no water supply network to this area, Water pipe was extended by this house owner on his own expenses from nearby point which at 200 feet from his premise. Now entire Kamaraj Nagar have all facilities including Concrete Roads, Electricity, Water Supply, Telephone Network and Cable Network.
Fourth Cross.
Government Training Institute located here giving training to ladies in the field of Dressmaking and Tailoring.
Getting There.
Kamaraj Nagar is just 300 meters from Ariyankuppam Bus Stop. One can reach Ariyankuppam by any Local bus from Pondicherry to Veerapattinam. Also you can catch any bus to Bahoor, Karaiyamputhur, Madukkarai from Pondicherry running via Ariyankuppam.

</doc>
<doc id="9912354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912354" title="Beauty and Rust">
Beauty and Rust

Beauty and Rust is a live album by Lou Reed released in 1992. It was recorded in Leysin, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="9912359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912359" title="DRAKON">
DRAKON

This article is about DRAKON, a programming language. For other uses of Drakon see Drakon (disambiguation).
DRAKON (, backronym for "Дружелюбный Русский Алгоритмический язык, Который Обеспечивает Наглядность", "friendly Russian algorithmic language that guarantees clarity") is an algorithmic visual programming language developed within the Buran space project. Its development started in 1986 and was directed by Vladimir Parondzhanov with the participation of Russian Federal Space Agency (Academician Pilyugin Center, Moscow) and Russian Academy of Sciences (Keldysh Institute of Applied Mathematics). The language was constructed by formalization, ergonomization and nonclassical structurization of flowcharts described in the ISO 5807-85 standard and Russian standard «Гост 19.701-90» and for the development of real time programs. The goal was to replace specialised languages PROL2 (ПРОЛ2) (assigned for developing onboard complex software for embedded computer system Biser-4 (Бисер-4) on board of Buran), DIPOL (ДИПОЛЬ) (assigned for developing software for ground maintenance computer system of Buran) and LAKS (ЛАКС) (assigned for modelling) used in the Buran project with one universal programming language.
The work was finished in 1996 (3 years after the Buran project was officially closed), when an automated CASE programming system called "Grafit-Floks" was developed.
This CASE is used since 1996 in many major space programs: an international project Sea Launch, Russian orbit insertion upper stage Fregat (Russian: Фрегат, frigate), upgraded heavy launch vehicle Proton-M, etc.
DRAKON rules for creating diagrams are cognitively optimized for easy comprehension, making it a tool for intelligence augmentation.
Family of DRAKON-languages.
DRAKON is not a single language but a family of hybrid languages, such as DRAKON-C, DRAKON-Java, etc. All hybrid languages of the drakon-family have the uniform graphical syntax and differ in textual one. The standard graphical syntax provides visual similarity of drakon-charts of different hybrid languages. Every hybrid language of the family has its own textual syntax.
Strict distinction of the graphical and textual syntax along with rich graphics improves flexibility and variety of expressive means of the language. The unification of the rules of the graphical syntax in the hybrid languages secures their conceptual unity.
The basis of the graphical syntax is a graphical alphabet. Graphical elements (graphical letters) of the DRAKON alphabet are called "icons" (not symbols). There are 27 icons in the DRAKON graphical alphabet.
DRAKON has not only icons, but also "macroicons." Macroicons are the graphical words of the DRAKON language. Just as words are made up of letters, macroiсons (graphical words) consist of the icons (graphical letters). There are 21 macroicons in the DRAKON language.
Icons and macroiсons are building blocks to construct drakon-charts.
The important parts of maсroiсons are valence points "(in the illustration to the right, they are depicted as little black circles)." Into these points, icons or microicons can be successively entered and arranged by drakon-editor in neat, orderly vertical rows.
External links.
This article may be expanded with text translated from the corresponding article :ru:ДРАКОН in the Russian Wikipedia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9912375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912375" title="European Voice">
European Voice

European Voice is an English-language newspaper founded by The Economist Group in 1995. In 2013, it was sold to the French company Selectcom. The newspaper reports on the activities of the key European Union institutions: the European Commission, European Parliament, and Council of Ministers. The paper is available on subscription or by direct sale from a limited number of newsstands in Brussels, London, Luxembourg, and Strasbourg – reflecting the specialist nature of its readership.
Presentation.
"European Voice" maintains an independent stance regarding the affairs of the European Union (EU). The majority of the paper's articles cover the day-to-day business of the EU and its interactions in domestic and international affairs. There is also an editorial, an opinion section, and a section for readers' letters. Each week, it publishes a roughly 1,000-word profile of a politician, official or public figure of influence or importance within the EU and particularly within Brussels. It regularly publishes a special report on a specific issue, which is usually topical (for example, climate change) and examines the issue and its relationship with the EU. The paper also has an "Entre Nous" column, which reports, often in a humorous tone, on the more unusual stories of the week and inside-the-beltway to-ings and fro-ings. "Entre Nous" originally featured on the back page, but this was moved within the main body of the paper as part of a larger redesign of both printed and online editions of the paper, which emphasised better categorisation and more colour prints. Web-only material includes news articles and commentaries, sometimes longer and of a broader European character than the opinion pieces within the newspaper.
Other activities.
"European Voice" organises and hosts a series of high-level conferences, seminars, fairs and debates bringing together professionals across a wide range of EU-related disciplines. All of these events are advertised in the paper.

</doc>
<doc id="9912376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912376" title="Englerophytum magalismontanum">
Englerophytum magalismontanum

Englerophytum magalismontanum (Sond.) T.D.Penn., commonly known as stamvrug, is an evergreen tree that mostly grows in rocky places. It has an extensive range, from northern KwaZulu-Natal northwards along the east coast and into the southern African interior, and northwards into tropical Africa.
Nomenclature.
"E. magalismontanum" was at various times in the past known under the names "Bequaertiodendron magalismontanum" (see: J. C. Bequaert), "Pouteria magalismontana" and "Chrysophyllum magalismontanum". The specific name refers to the Magaliesberg from where the species was first described, and where it commonly occurs.
Description.
This tree is usually known by its Afrikaans name "stamvrug" ("stem fruit") which refers to its habit of bearing densely clustered fruit on the trunk and thicker branches, a common feature of this family. The fruit are tasty and sweet with very little pink flesh - they are rich in latex and are leathery-skinned. The seed is large, smooth and hard, and is covered with a soft membrane. Their bisexual flowers are similarly crowded on the trunk and branches, and smell strongly of fermenting honey.
Stamvrug trees at maturity may range from 1 metre tall on exposed dip slopes with very limited soil where they are prone to stunting by fire, to about 15 metres in the shelter of kloofs (gorges) with ample water and deep soil. Crowns are densely leafy and rounded, branched almost to the base, with leaves crowded at ends of branches, densely covered in golden-brown velvety hairs below, and often with a whitish indumentum above. 
Relationships and associated species.
The species is a larval food plant for the butterfly "Pseudacraea boisduvali trimeni". It is closely related to "Englerophytum natalense" (Sond.) T.D.Penn. and "Mimusops zeyheri" Sond. and is often found in association with the latter. 
It belongs to the family Sapotaceae with some 35 genera and 600 odd species, that are mostly trees with leathery, entire leaves. The family is present throughout the tropics and subtropics. They are rich in latex and yield substances like gutta-percha and balatá.

</doc>
<doc id="9912402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912402" title="Holkar Stadium">
Holkar Stadium

Holkar Cricket Stadium () is located in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. 
It was earlier named Maharani Usharaje Trust Cricket Ground, but in 2010, Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association renamed it after the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas that ruled Indore. 
It has a seating capacity of around 30,000 spectators. It is also equipped with flood lights for night matches. Virender Sehwag recorded the highest ODI score of 219 at this ground. Gwalior's Roop Singh Stadium is a bit smaller than Indore's Holkar Cricket Stadium.
The ground stages the majority of Madhya Pradesh's home matches in the Ranji Trophy.
History.
The credit for giving land for the stadium goes to the royal 'Maratha' clan - Holkar's, who encouraged and pioneered cricket in this part of the country. Holkar cricket team appeared in ten Ranji Trophy season's, reaching the final eight times and winning the title four times. 
It is on the some part of this ground that an older stadium was present where the Holkar's cricket team won its three Ranji Trophy titles, in late 40's and early 50's. In this sense, some part of this stadium has seen greats like C.K. Nayudu and Mushtaq Ali playing for Ranji Trophy.
The stadium has hosted three One Day Internationals, two of them between India and England. The first was staged on 15 April 2006, India successfully chasing 289 to complete a 5-0 series win in what was a dead rubber. Its second international match came two and a half years later when England next toured, India again winning.
The Holkar Cricket Stadium hosted its first ever IPL match on 13 May 2011. The Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Kochi is the home venue for the Indian Premier League team Kochi Tuskers Kerala and officially hosted 5 home-matches of the franchise. The remaining 2 home matches were played at the Holkar Cricket Stadium, Indore.
Virender Sehwag made the highest runs in the limited over of cricket 219 here on 8 December 2011 against west Indies.
Naming of Various Landmarks around the stadium.
In 2011 a committee was formed to decide the naming of Pavilion, Dressing Rooms and Stands/Galleries around the stadium. This committee had Surya Prakash Chaturvedi as the chairman. As per the recommendations of the committee following landmarks have been named :
One Day International cricket.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.
Indian Premier League.
The Holkar Cricket Stadium hosted its first ever IPL match on 13 May 2011.
The Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Kochi was the home venue for the Indian Premier League team Kochi Tuskers Kerala and officially hosted 5 home-matches of the franchise. The remaining 2 home matches were played at the Holkar Cricket Stadium, Indore.
The stadium has hosted following ODI matches till date.

</doc>
<doc id="9912415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912415" title="Canción de la nieve">
Canción de la nieve

Canción de la nieve is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912418" title="La Calle del pecado">
La Calle del pecado

La Calle del pecado is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912420" title="Caídos en el infierno">
Caídos en el infierno

Caídos en el infierno is a 1954 Argentine film, directed and written by Luis César Amadori. It is based on Michael Valbeck’s novel of the same name. The film was released on August 20, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="9912422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912422" title="Corazón fiel">
Corazón fiel

Corazón fiel is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912423" title="Crisol de hombres">
Crisol de hombres

Crisol de hombres is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912427" title="El Conde de Montecristo">
El Conde de Montecristo

El Conde de Montecristo is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912431" title="La Cueva de Ali-Babá">
La Cueva de Ali-Babá

La Cueva de Ali-Babá is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912433" title="Cow belt">
Cow belt

Cow Belt (or Hindu Belt) is the combined area of the Indian States of Uttar Pradesh & Bihar.
History.
The flat and fertile terrain of Ganges has facilitated the repeated rise and expansion of various empires, including the Gupta empire, Kanauj, Magadha, the Maurya Empire, Pala Empire the Mughal Empire and the Sultanate of Delhi - all of which had their demographic and political centers in the Indo-Gangetic plain. During the Islamic period, the Turkish, Afghan and Iranian rulers referred to this region as "Hindustan" ("Land of the Hindus"), deriving from the Persian term for the Indus River. This term was later used to refer to the whole of India but even into the modern era, the dialect of Hindi-Urdu spoken in this region is called Hindustani, a term which is also used for the local music and culture.
Both British and independent India also had their demographic and political centers here (first in Calcutta and then Delhi).
Cultural and Political Dominance.
Most of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal consists of the vast Ganges plain, an area of flatness, which often floods dramatically during the monsoon. Often referred to as the Cow Belt, these States have been most dominant states in Indian politics and culture since Independence, producing over half of India's ministers. This is partly because these are also the most populace states of the country and partly because the region plays a central role in the religious landscape of the Hindus. The Ganges River, which forms the backbone of the State, is the sacred river of Hinduism and two of Hinduism's most holy towns are in the state, namely Varanasi and Allahabad (Prayag) which is also one of the venues of the Kumbha Mela. In these states infrastructure, education and living standard is very poor. Despite the stronghold on politics these states failed in overall development.
Milk Production.
Milk Procurement by Cooperatives In India During 2007-08
Northern States Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh — produce almost half of India's milk. But their share in total cooperative milk procurement is slightly over 17 per cent. In contrast to this trend, eastern region of West Bengal, Bihar and Orissa, do not contribute to cooperatives even 5 per cent of the milk produced. In Gujarat, most milk production reaches to cooperative dairy affiliated to Amul accounting to 35 per cent. Similar trend is seen in Karnataka, where Nandini brand process over 26 per cent of the State's milk. Similarly Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra handles 14-15 per cent of their States' milk. But surprisingly Kerala has milk production far short of demand and it depends on milk from outside the State that has been found to be adulterated. States of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka do not supply milk to Kerala. Despite one of the greenest state of India, Kerala failed to produce sufficient milk.

</doc>
<doc id="9912434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912434" title="El Cura Lorenzo">
El Cura Lorenzo

El Cura Lorenzo is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912439" title="La Dama del mar">
La Dama del mar

La Dama del mar is a 1954 Argentine film, directed by Mario Soffici.
Cast.
In order of credits: 

</doc>
<doc id="9912441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912441" title="Desalmados en pena">
Desalmados en pena

Desalmados en pena is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912456" title="El Domador">
El Domador

El Domador is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912458" title="Detective (1954 film)">
Detective (1954 film)

Detective is a 1954 Argentine film directed by Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="9912461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912461" title="Dringue, Castrito y la lámpara de Aladino">
Dringue, Castrito y la lámpara de Aladino

Dringue, Castrito y la lámpara de Aladino is a 1954 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.

</doc>
<doc id="9912463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912463" title="Días de odio">
Días de odio

Días de odio is a 1954 Argentine film. It is based on the short story "Emma Zunz" by Jorge Luis Borges.

</doc>
<doc id="9912465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912465" title="El Fantasma de la opereta">
El Fantasma de la opereta

El Fantasma de la opereta is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912469" title="La Edad del amor">
La Edad del amor

La Edad del amor is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912471" title="Veraneo en Mar del Plata">
Veraneo en Mar del Plata

Veraneo en Mar del Plata is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912472" title="Los Ojos llenos de amor">
Los Ojos llenos de amor

Los Ojos llenos de amor is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912474" title="María Magdalena (film)">
María Magdalena (film)

María Magdalena is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912478" title="Hundred End railway station">
Hundred End railway station

Hundred End railway station was on the West Lancashire Railway in England. It served the small community of Hundred End, so called because this was where the Leyland Hundred and West Derby Hundred met. 
Hundred End Lane running from Marsh Road to Hundred End Station lies partly in Banks and partly in Hesketh Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="9912479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912479" title="Los Lobos del palmar">
Los Lobos del palmar

Los Lobos del palmar is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912481" title="Misión extravagante">
Misión extravagante

Misión extravagante a.k.a. Misión en Buenos Aires is a 1954 Argentine film released on December 2, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="9912483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912483" title="Mărtiniș">
Mărtiniș

Mărtiniş (; Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "St. Martin of Homorod") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of twelve villages:
History.
The village seems to have been inhabited already in prehistoric times as a neolithic ax and an urn was found in the ouskirts of the village some decades ago. Roman coins were also unearthed in the village and a small lake reminiscent of the place of an abandoned salt mine suggest that it was also inhabited in Roman times
The village gained its name, when King Géza II of Hungary founded settlements in the Great-Homorod Valley in the middle of the 12th century. The first settlement is thought to be destroyed by the Mongols in 1241. This is supported by the fact that all the churches of the Homorod area were built in a style which is characteristic for the era following the Mongol Invasion. The village is first recorded in a diploma from 1333 when a "sacerdos de Sancto Martino" was mentioned. In 1487, it is recorded as Zenthmarton, while in 1636, it appears already as Homorod-Szent-Marton. Its Romanian name derives from the Hungarian one and it had at first been "Homorod-Sânmărtin" and was later changed to the current official name. Its medieval church consecrated in honour of St Martin was built in the 13th century and was altered in the 15th century in late-Gothic style. As the village suffered a Tartar attack in 1613, the church was surrounded by a fortified wall strengthened by six towers. Between 1714-1719, the population was struck by plague. Although, the mediaeval church was pulled down in 1888, the gate-tower of the fortified wall was spared and it now serves as the bell tower of the new Unitarian church built in 1889.
The villages forming the commune administratively belonged to Udvarhelyszék, then, from 1876 until 1918 to Homoród district of Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. In 1920, the village, like the rest of Transylvania, formally passed with the Treaty of Trianon from Hungarian to Romanian control. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 2,800 of which 98.43% or 2,756 are Hungarian.
Twinnings.
The commune is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="9912484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912484" title="Los Problemas de papá">
Los Problemas de papá

Los Problemas de papá is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912487" title="Ritmo, amor y picardía">
Ritmo, amor y picardía

Ritmo, amor y picardía is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912489" title="Catherine Opalińska">
Catherine Opalińska

Catherine Opalińska (1680–1747) was Queen consort of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth twice and a Duchess consort of Lorraine through her marriage with Stanislaus I of Poland.
Biography.
Catherine was the daughter of magnate Jan Karol Opaliński and his wife Zofia Czarnkowska. On May 10, 1698 in Kraków she married Stanislas Leszczynski, who became Duke of Lorraine and was, briefly, king of Poland. In 1699, she gave birth to Anna Leszczyńska, and in 1703, to Marie Leszczynska, the future wife of Louis XV of France. 
In 1704, her spouse was made King of Poland by Charles XII of Sweden, who had invaded the country in 1704. In 1709, her spouse was deposed when the Swedish army lost the military upper hand in Poland, and the family was by Charles XII granted refuge in the Swedish city of Kristianstad in Scania. In Sweden, the family was welcomed by the Queen Dowager Hedwig Eleonora and became popular members of the society life on the estates of the nobility around Kristianstad; in 1712, they also visited Medevi, the spa of the Queen Dowager. In 1714, Charles XII gave them permission to live in the Swedish province of Zweibrücken in Germany, were they were supported by the income of Zweibrücken: they lived there until the death of Charles XII in 1718 Catherine, as well as her daughter queen Marie, maintained a political correspondence with Margareta Gyllenstierna, the spouse of Arvid Horn, with whom she had made the acquaintance during her stay in Sweden After the death of Charles XII, they lived in Wissembourg in Alsace in France. 
In 1725, her daughter Marie was chosen to be the queen of France, which made Catherine mother-in-law to Louis XV of France. After the wedding, Catherine and Stanislaus resided at the Chateau du Chambord.
In 1737, her spouse was made Duke of Lorraine, which made Catherine duchess consort of Lorraine, and she was thereby installed at the Ducal court in Nancy. Until her death, however, she kept her title of Queen. As long as she lived, Stanislaus reportedly benefited the Catholic church and the Jesuit order financially. In contrast to Stanislaus, Catherine did not adjust to life in France or Lorraine, but felt a certain bitterness over her exile, and continue to long for Poland. Catherine Opalinska was described as homely, pious and charitable, but also as a "dour" personality who Stanislaues regarded to be boring. As soon as they were installed with their court in Lorraine, Stanislaus took numerous mistresses, many among her ladies-in-waiting, such as Catherine Ossolinska and Anna Maria Ossolinska, Marie-Louise de Linanges, Madame de Bassompierre and Madame de Cambres, until from 1745 he had a permanent relationship with the marquise de Boufflers, all relationships which Catherine could not prevent. 
When his mother-in-law, the wife of the dethroned king of Poland, died in 1747, Louis XV ordered a commemorative ceremony, in her honour at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. The ceremony glorified the deceased who underwent a veritable deification.
Her tomb is in the church of Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours, in Nancy, next to her husband and the heart of their daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9912492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912492" title="Mi viudo y yo">
Mi viudo y yo

Mi viudo y yo is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912494" title="Francis A. Thomas">
Francis A. Thomas

Francis A. Thomas (1826 – September 28, 1899) was a prominent physician and Republican politician in New York City's 19th ward.
Born in Lewis County, New York, Thomas graduated from the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1853. In 1854, he was appointed as house physician for Blackwell's Island, serving for one year.
Thomas was a prominent Republican, helping to found the Sons of Freedom during the Civil War. The Sons of Freedom later merged into the Union League Club.
Elected in 1865, Thomas served as a councilman from the Seventh District from 1866-1867. In 1868, Thomas ran on the Republican ticket for the United States House of Representatives against Fernando Wood, losing in a close and bitterly contested election. He subsequently was made Police Surgeon, and held that office for ten years.
On September 26, 1899, Thomas was struck by a Lexington Avenue cable car while crossing 85th Street near his home and died two days later at Presbyterian Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="9912495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912495" title="Simulation hypothesis">
Simulation hypothesis

The simulation hypothesis (simulation argument or simulism) proposes that reality is a simulation and those affected are generally unaware of this. The concept is reminiscent of René Descartes' Evil Genius but posits a more futuristic simulated reality.
Origins.
There is a long philosophical and scientific history to the underlying thesis that reality is an illusion. This skeptical hypothesis (which can be dated in Western thought back to Parmenides, Zeno of Elea and Plato and in Eastern thought to the Advaita Vedanta concept of Maya) arguably underpins the mind–body dualism of Descartes, and is closely related to phenomenalism, a stance briefly adopted by Bertrand Russell. In a narrower sense it has become an important theme in science fiction, and recently has become a serious topic of study for futurology, in particular for transhumanism through the work of Nick Bostrom. The Simulation Hypothesis is a subject of serious academic debate within the field of transhumanism.
In its current form, the Simulation Argument began in 2003 with the publication of a paper by Nick Bostrom. Bostrom considers that the argument goes beyond skepticism, claiming that "...we have interesting empirical reasons to believe that a certain disjunctive claim about the world is true", one of the disjunctive propositions being that we are almost certainly living in a simulation. Bostrom and other writers postulate there are empirical reasons why the 'Simulation Hypothesis' might be valid. Bostrom's trilemma is formulated in temporal logic as follows:
Chalmers, in "The Matrix as Metaphysics" agrees that this is not a skeptical hypothesis but rather a Metaphysical Hypothesis. Chalmers goes on to identify three separate hypotheses, which, when combined gives what he terms the "Matrix Hypothesis"; the notion that reality is but a computer simulation:
The term "Simulism" appears to have been coined by Ivo Jansch in September 2006.
Descartes.
Descartes (1596–1650) is one of the first 'modern' thinkers to attempt to provide a philosophical framework of mind and the world we perceive around us, seeking a fundamental set of truths. In his writings, Descartes employs a version of methodological skepticism, the first precept of which he states is "never to accept anything for true which I did not clearly know to be such".
In his work Meditations on First Philosophy, he writes that he can only be sure of one thing: thought exists – cogito ergo sum, normally translated as "I think, therefore I am". One of the fundamental ideas explored by Descartes is mind–body dualism which impinges on the nature of reality as we perceive it, and concerns the relationship that exists between mental processes, and bodily states. Descartes mused whether his perception of a body was the result of a dream, or an illusion created by an evil demon. He reasons that: "The mind is a substance distinct from the body, a substance whose essence is thought." From this stance, Descartes goes on to argue: "I have a clear and distinct idea of myself as a thinking, non-extended thing, and a clear and distinct idea of body as an extended and non-thinking thing. Whatever I can conceive clearly and distinctly, God can so create." Descartes concludes that the mind, a thinking thing, can and does exist apart from its extended body. This relationship of the mind to the body, is arguably one of the central issues in the philosophy of mind. Descartes also discussed the existence of the external world, arguing that sensory perceptions are involuntary, and are not consciously directed, and as such are evidence of a world external to the mind, since God has given him the "propensity" to believe that such ideas are caused by material things.
Later critics responded to Descartes's 'proof' for the external world with the brain in a vat thought experiment, suggesting in that Descartes' brain might be connected to a machine which simulates all of these perceptions. However, the vat and the machine exist in an external world, so one form of external world is simply replaced by another.
Later thinkers.
David Hume.
Hume (1711–1776) argued for two kinds of reasoning: probable and demonstrative (Hume's fork), and applied these to the skeptical argument that reality is but an illusion. He concludes that neither of these two forms of reasoning can lead us to believe in the continued existence of an external world. Demonstration by itself cannot establish the uniformity of nature (as laid out by scientific laws and principles), and reason alone cannot establish that the future will resemble the past (e.g. that the sun will rise tomorrow), Probable reasoning, which aims to take us from the observed to the unobserved, cannot do this either, as it also depends on the uniformity of nature, and cannot be proved without circularity by any appeal to uniformity. Hume concludes that there is no solution to the skeptical argument except, to ignore it.
Immanuel Kant.
Kant (1724–1804) was an advocate of Transcendental Idealism, that there are limits on what can be understood, and what we see as reality is merely how things appear to us, not how those things are in and of themselves. In his Critique of Pure Reason he notes: 
"Everything intuited or perceived in space and time, and therefore all objects of a possible experience, are nothing but phenomenal appearances, that is, mere representations have no independent, self-subsistent existence apart from our thoughts".
An important theme in Kant's work is that there are fundamental features of reality that escape our direct knowledge because of the natural limits of our senses and faculties.
Hegel, Husserl and Heidegger.
These three philosophers form the core of Phenomenological thought.
Hegel (1770–1831) proposed a conception of knowledge, mind and reality in which the mind itself creates external forms and objects that stand outside of it or opposed to it. The mind recognizes itself in these external forms, so that they become simultaneously 'mind' and 'other-than-mind'.
Husserl (1859–1938) observed that the 'natural standpoint' of our perception of the world and its objects is characterized by a belief that the objects exist and possess properties. Husserl proposed a way of looking at objects by examining how we "constitute" them as (seemingly) real objects, rather than simply figments of our imagination. In this Phenomenological standpoint, the object ceases to be "external", with mere indicators about its nature, its essence arising from the relationship between the object and the perceiver.
Heidegger (1889–1976) in "Being and Time" questions of the meaning of Being, and distinguishes it from any specific thing "'Being' is not something like a being". According to Heidegger, this sense of being precedes any notions of which beings exist, as it is a primary construct.
Phenomenalism.
Phenomenalism is the view that physical objects do not exist as things in themselves but only as perceptions or sensory stimuli (e.g. redness, hardness, softness, sweetness, etc.) situated in time and in space. In particular, phenomenalism reduces talk about physical objects in the external world to talk about bundles of sense-data. For a brief period, Bertrand Russell (1872–1970) held the view that all that we could be aware of was this sense data; everything else, including physical objects which generated the sense data, could only be known by description, and not known directly.
Modal realism.
Modal realism asserts that all possible worlds are as real as this world. A "possible world" is a term devised by Leibniz to enable logical analysis of propositions. The idea was first proposed in papers by David Lewis in the late 1960s, but elaborated upon in "Counterfactuals" (1973) . This latter work contained an analysis of counterfactual conditionals in terms of the theory of possible worlds and modelled counterfactuals using the possible world semantics of modal logic. In On the Plurality of Worlds, (1991), Lewis argues that "the thesis that the world we are part of is but one of a plurality of worlds, ... and that we who inhabit this world are only a few out of all the inhabitants of all the worlds."
Note: The only relevance of modal realism to the simulation hypothesis is this: if all possible worlds exist, then there is some possible world in which someone has experiences just like yours as the result of a simulation, and you cannot be sure that the real world is not such a world. This, however, adds little to the simulation hypothesis for it is already presumed in the simulation hypothesis that the real world might actually be a world in which your experiences are the result of a simulation.
Constructivism.
Ernst von Glasersfeld is a proponent of Radical Constructivism, which claims that knowledge is the result of a self-organizing cognitive process of the human brain. The process of constructing knowledge regulates itself, whereby knowledge is constructed rather than compiled from empirical data. It is therefore impossible "in principle" to know the extent to which knowledge reflects an external reality.
"The function of cognition is adaptive and serves the organisation of the experiential world, not the discovery of ontological reality"
Social constructivism is a sociological theory of knowledge which rose to prominence in 1966 with the publication of "The Social Construction of Reality". Social constructivism (or constructionism) attempts to uncover how individuals and groups participate and negotiate their perceived reality, and shared understanding; in this way reality is socially constructed. Paul Ernest (1991) summarises the main foundations of social constructivism as follows:
Computationalism.
Computationalism claims that cognition is a form of computation, and underpins much of the work in Artificial Intelligence. It is related to Functionalism, a philosophy of mind put forth by Hilary Putnam in 1960, inspired by the analogies between the mind and the theoretical Turing Machines, which according to the Church–Turing Thesis are capable of processing any given algorithm which is computable. Computationalism rests on two theses: (i) "Computational Sufficiency", that an appropriate computational structure suffices for the possession of mind, and (ii) "Computational Explanation", that computation provides a framework for the explanation of cognitive processes.
Computationalism assumes the possibility of Strong AI, which would be required in order to establish even a theoretical possibility of a simulated reality. However, the relationship between cognition and phenomenal consciousness is disputed by Searle in an argument known as the Chinese room. Further critics have argued that it is possible that consciousness requires a substrate of "real" physics, and simulated people, while behaving appropriately, would be philosophical zombies.
Transhumanism.
The first known use of the term "Transhumanism" was by Julian Huxley in 1957. During the 1980s a group of scientists, artists, and futurists began to organize into the transhumanist movement. Transhumanist thinkers postulate that human beings will eventually be transformed into beings with such greatly expanded abilities as to merit the label "posthuman". Proponents draw on future studies and various fields of ethics such as bioethics, infoethics, nanoethics, neuroethics, roboethics, and technoethics, and are predominantly secular posthumanist and politically liberal.
Nick Bostrom, in "A History of Transhumanist Thought" (2005) locates transhumanism's roots in Renaissance humanism and the Enlightenment. Transhumanism can be defined as:
The "Simulation Argument" is part of the Transhumanist debate, located within Digital Philosophy.
Dream argument.
The dream argument contends that a futuristic technology is not required to create a simulated reality, but rather, all that is needed is a human brain. More specifically, the mind's ability to create simulated realities during REM sleep affects the statistical likelihood of our own reality being simulated.
Types of reality simulation.
Simulation of reality is currently a fictional technology, and non-fictional examples are limited to reality TV or computer simulations of specific events and situations. Current technology in the form of virtual, augmented or mixed reality is very limited in comparison to what would be needed to achieve a convincing simulation of reality. The following typology of the different forms of reality simulation is drawn from examples from both science fiction and futurology. One may usefully distinguish between two types of simulation: in an extrinsic simulation, the consciousness is external to the simulation, whereas in an intrinsic simulation the consciousness is entirely contained within it and has no presence in the external reality.
Physical simulation.
Here, the body and functions of participants remain intact, entering into a simulation and participating using their normal physical body. Examples range from Reality TV shows such as "The Big Brother House" which are social simulations, through online social network services such as "Second Life" and Massively Multiplayer On-Line Role Playing Games to fictional simulations such as the Star Trek Holodeck. In the extreme case as fictionally portrayed in the original "" episode "The Menagerie", participant's minds were convinced not only of a simulated reality, but also that their physical bodies had been transformed.
Brain-computer interface.
In a brain-computer interface simulation, participants enter the simulation from outside, directly connecting their brain to the simulation computer, but normally keeping their physical form intact. The computer transfers sensory data to them and reads their desires and actions back; in this manner they interact with the simulated world and receive feedback from it. The participant may even receive adjustment in order to temporarily forget that they are inside a virtual realm, sometimes called "passing through the veil", a term borrowed from Christianity, which describes the supposed passage of a soul from an earthly body to an afterlife. While inside the simulation, the participant can be represented by an avatar, which could look very different from the participant's actual appearance. The Cyberpunk genre of fiction contains many examples of brain-computer interface simulated reality, most notably featured in "The Matrix" trilogy.
Brain-in-a-vat.
A variant of the brain-computer-interface simulation is the brain-in-a-vat. This is used in philosophy as part of thought experiments, (for example, by Hilary Putnam).
Emigration.
In an emigration simulation, the participant would enter the simulation from an outer reality, via a brain-computer interface, but to a much greater degree. On entry, the participant is subject to mind transfer which temporarily "relocates" their mental processing into a virtual-person which holds their consciousness. Their outside-world presence remains in stasis during the simulation. After the simulation is over, the participant's mind is transferred back into their outer-reality body, along with all new memories and experiences gained. Mind transfer is portrayed in Science Fiction novels such as "Mindswap" (1966) by Robert Sheckley and the TV series Quantum Leap; most notably, mind transfer was the primary mechanism by which consciousness was transferred in The Thirteenth Floor (1999).
Virtual world simulation.
In a virtual world simulation, every inhabitant is a native of the simulated world. They do not have a 'real' body in the 'outside' reality. Rather, each is a fully simulated entity, possessing an appropriate level of consciousness that is implemented using the simulation's own logic (i.e. using its own physics). Typical of such a simulation at one extreme (but with no level of consciousness) would be an artificial life simulation such as The Sims computer game. In many computer games, inhabitants lacking consciousness are referred to as NPCs ("Non-player characters"), or bots (see Philosophical zombies). Where virtual entities achieve the level of artificial consciousness, they could be downloaded from one simulation to another, or even archived and resurrected at a later date. It is also possible that a simulated entity could be moved out of the simulation entirely by means of mind transfer into a synthetic body. "Ancestor simulations" as described by Nick Bostrom would fall into this category.
Virtual solipsistic simulation.
In this type of simulation, an artificial consciousness is created; the "world" participants perceive exists only within their minds. There are two possible variants of this: in the first, there is only a single solipsistic conscious entity in existence, and is the sole focus of the simulation; in the second, there are multiple conscious entities, but each receives a separate but globally consistent version of the simulation . This scenario is a counterpart of social constructivism which concerns the ways in which groups participate in the creation of their perceived reality.
An intermingled simulation would support both extrinsic and intrinsic types of consciousness: beings from an outer reality visiting or emigrating, and virtual-people who are natives of the simulation both artificial consciousnesses or bots, lacking any physical body in the outer reality. Sometimes this is termed a metaverse. "The Matrix" trilogy features an intermingled type of simulation: it contains not only human minds, but also the 'agents', who are sovereign software programs indigenous to the computed realm, and NPCs.
Consequences of living in a simulation.
Based on the assumption that we are living in a simulation, philosophers have hypothesised about the nature of their creators. A conclusion reached by Peter S. Jenkins at York University argues that there would be multiple reasons to create a simulation; In order to avoid the simulation creating another simulation, the first would be deleted. As it is predicted that we'd have the technology to create simulations in the year 2050, long-term planning after that "would be futile". This, in turn, raises questions as to why the creators of the simulation would delete the simulation. More importantly, if our universe were one of many being simulated, the simulation argument could therefore be statistically applied to the creators saying they are in a simulation too.
Testing the hypothesis.
A method to test the hypothesis was proposed in 2012 in a joint paper by physicists Silas R. Beane from the University of Bonn (now at the University of Washington, Seattle), and Zohreh Davoudi and Martin J. Savage from the University of Washington, Seattle. Under the assumption of finite computational resources, the simulation of the universe would be performed by dividing the continuum space-time into a discrete set of points. In analogy with the mini-simulations that lattice-gauge theorists run today to build up nuclei from the underlying theory of strong interactions (known as Quantum Chromodynamics), several observational consequences of a grid-like space-time have been studied in their work. Among proposed signatures is an anisotropy in the distribution of ultra-high-energy cosmic rays, that, if observed, would be consistent with the simulation hypothesis according to these physicists (but, of course, would not prove that the universe is a simulation). A multitude of physical observables must be explored before any such scenario could be accepted or rejected as a theory of nature.
In popular culture.
Science fiction themes.
Science fiction has highlighted themes such as virtual reality, artificial intelligence and computer gaming for more than twenty years. One of the first references to simulations occurred in the 1959 novel "Time out of Joint" by Philip K. Dick. In this the central character is trapped in a "bubble" of 1950s small town America. "Simulacron-3" (1964) by Daniel F. Galouye (alternative title: "Counterfeit World") tells the story of a virtual city developed as a computer simulation for market research purposes, in which the simulated inhabitants possess consciousness; all but one of the inhabitants are unaware of the true nature of their world.
"Permutation City" (1994) by Greg Egan explores quantum ontology via the various philosophical aspects of artificial life and simulations of intelligence. Other Egan novels, such as "Diaspora" (1997) and "Schild's Ladder" (2002) also involve simulated consciousness. In Iain Banks's "The Algebraist", a simulist religion called "The Truth" is the dominant belief system of a considerable proportion of interstellar humanity.
In the 20th Century both drama and film have repeatedly explored alternative realities, such as the Theatre of the Absurd, and cropping up unexpectedly in films such as "It's a Wonderful Life", and the 1960s television series "The Prisoner". "The Truman Show" (1998) was a fictional example showing the logical extension of this trend, in which the central character is trapped within a physical simulation and whose life is controlled by a director. The idea that reality might be a computer simulation was the central thesis of The Matrix Trilogy (1999–2003). However, many earlier science fiction plot lines incorporated variants this theme and its associated elements such as artificial intelligence.
Other feature films whose plot lines have explicitly involved the simulism hypothesis:
The 2012 play 'World of Wires' was partially inspired by the Bostrom essay.
Role-playing and wargaming.
Role-playing simulations have a long history stretching back to ancient times, and have been used extensively in vocation-oriented higher-education courses (e.g. Law, Medicine, Economics) as well as politics and international relations contexts, for example SimSoc is a "game" used to teach various aspects of sociology, political science, and communications skills, originally created by William A. Gamson in 1966, and currently in its fifth edition Role-play simulations can be described as "multi-agenda social-process simulations" in which "participants assume individual roles in a hypothesised social group and experience the complexity of establishing and implementing particular goals within the fabric established by the system". . Simulations involving role-play also have therapeutic uses within psychotherapy, in the form of psychodrama, developed by Jacob L. Moreno in the 1920s. Later on in the 20th Century this was termed play therapy.
Role-play is also an important part of military training. The Prussian term for live-action military training exercises is "Kriegsspiel" or wargames, and are used for training and evaluation purposes. A similar use of role-playing is an essential feature of the Incident Command System (ICS), widely used by emergency response agencies to manage and evaluate responses to large and/or complex incidents. Battle and other historical reenactments also involve role-play, and have been practised for millennia, but with entertainment appearing to be the primary purpose, rather than training or system evaluation.
The history of role-playing games begins with the earlier tradition of role-playing, which combined with the rulesets of fantasy wargames gives rise to the modern role-playing game. This can take a variety of forms: live action role-playing games, theatre-style live action role-playing, freeform role-playing games, indie role-playing games, storytelling games, are all games in which the participants assume the roles of characters and collaboratively create stories using a role-playing game system. Such games may require the players to remain in character or to allow players to comment on action by stepping out of character. The participants do not all need to be present: play by mail and play-by-post games both allow for asynchronous and distance game-playing. A computer version of play by mail (Yahoo! Role-Playing) became popular in the 1990s.
Computer games and simulations.
The history of video games begins in the late 1940s when Thomas T. Goldsmith Jr. and Estle Ray Mann were granted a patent for a game to be played using a cathode ray tube. During the 1950s and the 1960s various such games were developed, and by the early 1970s such games were becoming commercially viable. The first generation of personal computer games were often text adventures or interactive fiction, in which the player communicated with the computer by entering commands through a keyboard. By the mid-1970s, games were being developed and distributed through magazines, such as "Creative Computing" and "Computer Gaming World".
The development of role-playing video games began in the mid-1970s, when stand-alone role-playing video games were being developed as an offshoot of mainframe text-based role-playing games on PDP-10 and Unix-based computers. Amongst the first of these were pedit5 and dnd, whose name derives from an abbreviation of "Dungeons & Dragons" (D 'n' D), the original role-playing game which had been published earlier in 1974. This gave rise to a whole genre of dungeon crawl games. In 1980, probably the most seminal of this genre, "Rogue" was released, inspiring a host of roguelike clones. Two notable examples of these were "Ultima" (1980) and "Wizardry" (1981).
Innovations in these games eventually became standards of almost all role-playing video games produced. Later games such as "Dungeon Master" (1987) introduced real-time gameplay and several user-interface innovations such as the direct manipulation of objects and the environment with the mouse. Later developments in this genre have tended to involve on-line interaction with other players (see below), rather than played on stand-alone machines. One variant, computer-assisted gaming, is still very much alive ; here the games are only partially computerized, but actively regulated by a human referee. It is claimed that there are Cultural differences in computer and console role-playing games between Eastern and Western versions .
Online gaming and virtual worlds.
The origins of today's virtual worlds and virtual communities lie in the interactive fiction and adventure games of the 1970s. The first text-based computer-based interactive fiction was Colossal Cave Adventure created by Will Crowther in 1975 (later extended by Don Woods). In 1976, Dungeon was a version of Dungeons & Dragons, a role-playing video game based on a medieval fantasy scenario. This was followed in 1978 by Multi-User Dungeon, a text-based multi-player on-line role playing game. However it took the advent of Usenet in 1980 as a distributed community, to allow the idea to develop effectively. From these early beginnings came several variants on the gaming theme: MUCK, MUSH and MOO (collectively MU* ), all developed out of TinyMUD (1989) a social game variant of the original MUD. In the early 1990s these became more sophisticated and found uses outside gaming, particularly in education.
In 1985 the Whole Earth eLectronic Link was founded as a virtual community. This was one of the precursors to the Internet. Initially online games were primarily text-based; however, in 1994 WebWorlds (later called ActiveWorlds) was created as the first on-line 3D virtual reality platform. This was quickly followed in 1996 by The Palace, which provided graphical chat rooms with a flexible avatar system. The 1980s and 1990s also saw the development of Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games, growing out of initial offerings such as MUD1 (1978) which were text-based, but then developed through "Rogue" (1980) and other similar games, such as "Islands of Kesmai" (1984), to using ASCII graphics. In the 1990s, games such as "Neverwinter Nights" (1991) and the later "Ultima Online" (1997) were primarily visual-graphics based.
Since 2000, Massively Multiplayer On-line Gaming has developed in various directions. Computer simulations such as VATSIM and IVAO offer the user the ability to fly virtual planes in a world wide air traffic control simulation. Virtual communities such as MySpace (2003) use social software to facilitate social interaction and networking. Massively Multiplayer Online Social Games such as "The Sims Online" (2002), "There" (2003) and "Second Life" (2003) which are virtual reality environments where the user is represented by an avatar have developed from earlier offerings such as Habbo Hotel (2000). These focus on socialization instead of objective-based gameplay, and might best be described as Multi-User Virtual Environments. MMORPGs, such as "World of WarCraft" (2004) have also become interactive communities but based more on fantasy worlds rather than real-world scenarios. Such communities are sometimes called metaverses, a term taken from the 1992 novel "Snow Crash" by Neal Stephenson.
Cellular automata and digital physics.
See John Conway's Game of Life.
Artificial intelligence and virtual reality.
Although the idea of an automaton has been in existence since the time of the ancient Greeks, both in fact and fiction, the first use of the term robot was in 1921, derived from the title of a play by Karel Čapek called "R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots)". While Capek's creatures have intelligence, they are biological rather than mechanical, similar to the replicants in "Blade Runner".

</doc>
<doc id="9912497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912497" title="Yo soy el criminal">
Yo soy el criminal

Yo soy el criminal is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912501" title="El Grito sagrado">
El Grito sagrado

El Grito sagrado is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912502" title="Alfa Romeo Matta">
Alfa Romeo Matta

The Alfa Romeo Matta (known officially as the Alfa Romeo 1900M) is a 4x4 off-road vehicle. There were two different versions made, the AR51 and the AR52 (Autovettura da Ricognizione, (Reconnaissance Vehicle or "Scout Car")). The AR51 was produced for the Italian army and the AR52 was the same car, but intended for civilian use.
The Matta had an 1884 cc twin cam engine with dry sumped lubrication. The Matta was built on a separate chassis which is similar to the setup on most off-road vehicles.
The Matta was built from 1952 to 1954, with 2007 AR51 and 154 AR52 units produced. In 1954, the Italian army abandoned the AR51 and switched to the Fiat Campagnola, which was technically simpler.
Technical data 1900 M AR 51 - AR 52 

</doc>
<doc id="9912504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912504" title="Un Hombre cualquiera">
Un Hombre cualquiera

Un Hombre cualquiera is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912508" title="Horas marcadas">
Horas marcadas

Horas marcadas is a 1954 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912512" title="Yorkshire Brigade">
Yorkshire Brigade

The Yorkshire Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1968. The Brigade administered the regular infantry battalions of Yorkshire, England.
After the Second World War there were 14 infantry depots in Britain, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially organised, and Infantry Depot E at Catterick was the headquarters for six line county regiments recruiting in Yorkshire and Northumberland. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Yorkshire and Northumberland Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Brigade was formed on 14 July 1948 and combined the depots of the following regiments:
Under the defence review announced in July 1957, the number of battalions in the Brigade was reduced to four in 1958: the East Yorkshire Regiment and the West Yorkshire Regiment were amalgamated into the Prince of Wales's Own Regiment of Yorkshire, while the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers were transferred to the newly formed Fusilier Brigade. This led to the Yorkshire and Northumberland Brigade being renamed as simply the Yorkshire Brigade. 
As part of the 1958 reforms, all regiments in the Brigade adopted a common cap badge depicting a crowned white rose above a scroll inscribed ""Yorkshire"". Regimental collar badges continued to be worn. From 1960 the Yorkshire Brigade was based at Queen Elizabeth II Barracks in Strensall.
On July 1, 1968 the Yorkshire Brigade was united with the Lancastrian and North Irish Brigades, to form the King's Division. However, as part of reforms, the York and Lancaster Regiment chose to be disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="9912514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912514" title="Gordon Waite Underwood">
Gordon Waite Underwood

Captain Gordon Waite Underwood (June 3, 1910 – January 15, 1978) was a United States Navy Captain who was awarded the Navy Cross for his achievements during World War II. He is the namesake of the ship USS "Underwood" (FFG-36).
Early life.
Gordon Underwood was born in New York on June 3, 1910, and at an early age moved with his family to Portland, Oregon. In 1932, he was appointed to the United States Naval Academy. At the Naval Academy he proved to be an outstanding student and superb athlete. He earned letters and starred in football and track. He was awarded the coveted Naval Academy Sword for athletic excellence.
Navy service.
Following his graduation from the Academy, Underwood served in USS "Oklahoma" (BB-37). This tour was followed by training at the US Submarine School in New London, Connecticut. After his graduation he served in the Submarine School, "S-21", "Mississippi", and "Vega". In 1941, he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology and earned a Masters Degree in Marine Engineering.
Returning to sea duty, he was assigned to the Staff of Commander Submarine Squadron Ten as Squadron Engineer supporting submarines on war patrol. In January 1944, he was assigned as Commanding Officer of USS "Spadefish" (SS-411). On this ship during three war patrols he was credited with destruction of seventy-six thousand tons of enemy shipping, including the aircraft carrier "Shinyo". For each of his war patrols he was awarded a Navy Cross and in recognition of the great successes of the first two patrols "Spadefish" was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation.
Underwood's record of success in his war patrols remains one of the most notable in the history of the US Navy Submarine Service.
Post Navy career.
Captain Underwood retired from the Navy in 1962 after 30 years of distinguished service. After retirement, he became Vice President of Spelin Inc., Mountain View, California. He was also Vice President of Filter-Aire of Hollister, California until his retirement.
References.
A portion of this text originated from the public domain ship's history of USS "Underwood" [http://www.underwood.navy.mil/underwood.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="9912516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912516" title="El barro humano">
El barro humano

El Barro humano is a 1955 Argentine film.
Directed and written by Luis César Amadori; based on the theater play by Luis Rodríguez Acassuso. The movie was released on May 2, 1955 and rated PG 16.

</doc>
<doc id="9912522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912522" title="Canario rojo">
Canario rojo

Canario rojo is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912527" title="La Cigüeña dijo sí">
La Cigüeña dijo sí

La Cigüeña dijo sí is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912529" title="Chico Viola Não Morreu">
Chico Viola Não Morreu

Chico Viola Não Morreu is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.

</doc>
<doc id="9912533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912533" title="Cuando los duendes cazan perdices">
Cuando los duendes cazan perdices

Cuando los duendes cazan perdices is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912534" title="Keezo Kane">
Keezo Kane

Keezo Kane (born Keith Moore) is an American hip-hop producer. In 2004, he signed to Kanye West's G.O.O.D. Music label.

</doc>
<doc id="9912536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912536" title="El Curandero">
El Curandero

El Curandero is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

</doc>
<doc id="9912537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912537" title="La Delatora">
La Delatora

La Delatora is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912540" title="André Boniface">
André Boniface

André Boniface (born August 14, 1934 in Montfort-en-Chalosse) is a former international rugby union player for France. His usual position was either on the wing or in the centres. His Test career for France, 1954 through to 1966, included 48 caps and 44 points. Boniface was inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2005. Both he and his younger brother Guy Boniface were inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9912541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912541" title="De noche también se duerme">
De noche también se duerme

De noche también se duerme is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912549" title="Requiebro">
Requiebro

Requiebro is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Carlos Schlieper, starring Carmen Sevilla and Ángel Magaña.

</doc>
<doc id="9912552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912552" title="Maybank Tower (Kuala Lumpur)">
Maybank Tower (Kuala Lumpur)

Maybank Tower () is a major skyscraper and landmark in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Located near Puduraya on the eastern fringe of the old Kuala Lumpur city centre, the tower is the headquarters of Maybank, and houses the Maybank Numismatic Museum.
History.
The construction of Maybank Tower commenced in 1984 on Court Hill, over the site of a colonial era Sessions Court building, and was completed in 1987. Before the construction of the Petronas Twin Towers in 1995, Maybank Tower was the tallest building in Kuala Lumpur as well as Malaysia, at , around half the height of Petronas Twin Towers. The tower remains a prominent part of the city's skyline.
Architecture.
The floor plan of the tower consists of two square-based blocks that interlock each other at one of their corners. Each of the two block features a roof and lower base that slant at a direction opposite its other block, while the midsection stands in a perpendicular angle. The main access points of the tower are at the two corners of the structure that feature a space formed from the combination of the structure's two blocks, covered by tiered triangular roofs.

</doc>
<doc id="9912562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912562" title="Reportaje a un cadáver">
Reportaje a un cadáver

Reportaje a un cadáver is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912565" title="Para vestir santos (film)">
Para vestir santos (film)

Para vestir santos is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912566" title="Pecadora">
Pecadora

"Pecadora" is the second single and title track of Mexican singer-songwriter Lila Downs's third Spanish album "Pecados y Milagros". The song was written by Lila Downs and Paul Cohen, and was released on November 21, 2011. "Pecadora" was announced as the second single from the album on November 19, 2011 via Lila Downs's official fan site.

</doc>
<doc id="9912573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912573" title="Los Peores del barrio">
Los Peores del barrio

Los Peores del barrio is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912582" title="El Juramento de Lagardere">
El Juramento de Lagardere

El Juramento de Lagardere is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912585" title="La Noche de Venus">
La Noche de Venus

La Noche de Venus is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912588" title="El Millonario">
El Millonario

El Millonario is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912592" title="Mercado de abasto">
Mercado de abasto

Mercado de abasto is a 1955 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Lucas Demare.

</doc>
<doc id="9912595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912595" title="North Irish Brigade">
North Irish Brigade

The North Irish Brigade was a brigade of the British army which existed between 1948 and 1968; it consisted of the three regiments from Northern Ireland (each regiment was reduced to a single battalion on 14 July 1948). After the Second World War there were 14 infantry depots in Britain, each bearing a letter. The depots were territorially aligned, and Infantry Depot M at Omagh was aligned with the regiments from Northern Ireland. In 1948, the depots switched to names and this depot became the North Irish Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The North Irish Brigade was formed on 14 July 1948 as an administrative apparatus for the infantry regiments from Northern Ireland:
From 1964 the North Irish Brigade was based at St Patrick's Barracks in Ballymena.
On July 1, 1968 the three regiments were amalgamated into a single large regiment named the Royal Irish Rangers (27th (Inniskilling), 83rd and 87th) and the North Irish Brigade was united with the Yorkshire and Lancastrian Brigades, to form the King's Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9912600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912600" title="Pájaros de cristal">
Pájaros de cristal

Pájaros de cristal is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912603" title="Pobre pero honrado">
Pobre pero honrado

Pobre pero honrado is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912607" title="Mi marido hoy duerme en casa">
Mi marido hoy duerme en casa

Mi marido hoy duerme en casa is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912608" title="Mi marido y mi novio">
Mi marido y mi novio

Mi marido y mi novio is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Carlos Schlieper, starring Delia Garcés and Georges Rivière.

</doc>
<doc id="9912610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912610" title="Marianela">
Marianela

Marianela is a feminine Spanish given name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9912613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912613" title="Dion O'Cuinneagain">
Dion O'Cuinneagain

Dion O' Cuinneagain (born 24 May 1972, Cape Town, South Africa) is a former rugby union player who represented both South Africa and Ireland. Since retiring as a rugby player, O' Cuinneagain has worked as a doctor and as a rugby coach.
Early years.
O' Cuinneagain was born and raised in Cape Town. His father, Connell, was a dentist who came from County Dublin, Ireland. The O' Cuinneagain family originally came from Enniscorthy in County Wexford. His mother was a nurse who came from Lancashire. O' Cuinneagain was educated at Rondebosch Boys' School before going onto to study medicine at Stellenbosch University. As a youth he showed potential in several sports. He also represented Western Cape at schoolboy cricket and was a notable hurdler.
Clubs and Provinces.
O' Cuinneagain played rugby at various levels with University of Cape Town and then Western Province where his team mates included, among others, Tiaan Strauss, Corne Krige and Bobby Skinstad. However his career was initially hindered by a serious hip injury and in 1997 he left South Africa and moved to England where he joined Sale Sharks. Then in 1999 he switched to playing for Ballymena RFC and Ulster. He made five appearances for the latter in the Heineken Cup 
. Injuries continued to hinder O'Cuinneagain's career and in 1999 he suffered two shoulder injuries and a broken wrist. In 2000 he decided to return to South Africa to complete his medical studies. However in 2001 he made a brief comeback when he agreed to help out an injury depleted Munster. On 13 April 2001 he played in a 24–22 win against a Rest of Ireland XV at Thomond Park before making a late appearance as a replacement against Stade Français in the Heineken Cup semi-final defeat on 22 April.
Rugby international.
South Africa.
O' Cuinneagain captained South Africa at sevens level. He was a schoolboy international between 1989 and 1990 and in 1995 played for the sevens team at the Hong Kong Sevens.
Ireland.
O' Cuinneagain first played for Ireland at A level and on 3 April 1998 played against England A in a 40–30 away defeat. Between 1998 and 2000 he made 19 full appearances and scored one try for the senior Ireland team. He made his senior international debut in a 37–13 defeat against South Africa on 13 June 1998. He played in all four games during the 1999 Five Nations Championship and then captained Ireland on both a tour of Australia and during the 1999 Rugby World Cup. He scored his one and only try for Ireland on 15 October 1999 in a World Cup game against Romania. He made his final appearance for Ireland in a 60–13 win against Italy at Lansdowne Road on 2 March 2000.
Later career.
After retiring as a rugby player, O' Cuinneagain returned to Cape Town to work as a doctor. He has since worked for several institutes, including the Sports Science Orthopaedic Clinic at the Sport Science Institute of South Africa. He has also worked as a general practitioner in Tokai, Cape Town. He remains actively involved in rugby and has coached and / or managed the South Africa Sevens and rugby teams at the University of Cape Town

</doc>
<doc id="9912615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912615" title="El Mal amor">
El Mal amor

El Mal amor is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912617" title="Un Novio para Laura">
Un Novio para Laura

Un Novio para Laura is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912618" title="Vida nocturna">
Vida nocturna

Vida nocturna is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912623" title="Tell the World My Name">
Tell the World My Name

Tell The World My Name is the debut album of the American emcee K-Solo.
Hits like "Your Mom's in My Business" and "Spellbound" proved the growing success of his style.
The song "Spellbound" was later sampled by R&B group Brownstone for their 1994 hit "If You Love Me".
On June 21, 2009, Traffic Entertainment Group reissued "Tell The World My Name" with five bonus tracks that were remix and a cappella versions of the singles released from the album.
Track listing.
All tracks produced by Parrish Smith, except track 1, which is produced by Erick Sermon.

</doc>
<doc id="9912625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912625" title="Los Hermanos corsos">
Los Hermanos corsos

Los Hermanos corsos is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912626" title="IPKat">
IPKat

IPKat is a law blog founded in June 2003, and dedicated to intellectual property law (IP). In 2008, it was reported as being "one of the best-known and most successful of all law blogs".
The content comprises news of recent judicial rulings, decisions of patent and trade mark granting authorities, primary and secondary legislation, practice and procedural notes and recent publications, together with comments. 
A feature of the blog is the expression of opinions through the often contrasting observations made by two fictional cats, the "IPKat" himself and his female companion "Merpel". A third feline, the "AmeriKat", analyses IP developments in the U.S. 
The contributors to the IPKat weblog are Jeremy Phillips, Birgit Clark, Mark Schweizer, Annsley Merelle Ward (a.k.a. "the "AmeriKat""), and Neil J. Wilkof. Johanna Gibson stepped down in January 2009, as did David Pearce in February 2011. 
In July 2005, IPKat was named in "Managing Intellectual Property" magazine as one of the 50 most influential people in the IP world. Jeremy Phillips, founder of IPKat, launched the "Managing Intellectual Property" magazine and sold it to Euromoney Publications in 1991. In August 2008, IPKat was voted top of the 'IT law and governance' category in Computer Weekly magazine's 2008 IT blog awards. 
In January 2010, the United States Library of Congress selected the IPKat for inclusion in its historic collections of Internet materials related to Legal Blawgs. In December 2010, IPKat was selected as one of the American Bar Association's Top 100 Legal Blawgs.
IPKat is a registered Community Trade Mark (Registered Number: 008150286). 

</doc>
<doc id="9912627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912627" title="Beautiful Day (3 Colours Red song)">
Beautiful Day (3 Colours Red song)

'Beautiful Day' was the first single from 3 Colours Red's second album, "Revolt". It was released on Creation Records in 1999.
The song was written by frontman/bassist Pete Vuckovic and recorded at Westside Studios in London. It surprised many, showing a more sensitive and epic side to the band's previously punk/pop-dominated sound (although their debut album featured 'Fit Boy and Faint Girl' and 'Copper Girl' which were both in a similar vein). It went on to become the band's biggest commercial hit, reaching number 11 in the UK charts in January 1999, throwing them further into the media spotlight at a time when the talk surrounding the band was of them being dropped. It also paved the way for the band's American campaign where the song received considerable radio airplay, even entering the charts. The band toured the US with Silverchair, and Vuckovic subsequently did an acoustic promotional tour of radio stations on the back of the song's success.
It was later perhaps incorrectly and naively blamed for splitting the band up, having allegedly distanced Vuckovic from his bandmates and fuelled a creative power struggle between him and his co-writer, Chris McCormack. However, the band reformed three years later and went on to play the song at every gig. The video for the song can be found on youtube.com where it has currently enjoyed 6 times as many 'hits' as anything else the band recorded or released, and played a massive part in procuring the band the opening slot at Wembley Stadium in 1999 (opening for Aerosmith).
'Beautiful Day' was later used on Channel 4's 2003 dating show "Boys & Girls". The song was also used in the USA Network show "White Collar" – it can be heard in the background inside the beach house in the episode 'Hard Sell'.

</doc>
<doc id="9912631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912631" title="Ensayo final">
Ensayo final

Ensayo final is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912634" title="Embrujo en Cerros Blancos">
Embrujo en Cerros Blancos

Embrujo en Cerros Blancos is a 1955 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9912637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912637" title="Escuela de sirenas y tiburones">
Escuela de sirenas y tiburones

Escuela de sirenas y tiburones is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Enrique Carreras and starring Amelia Vargas and Alfredo Barbieri.

</doc>
<doc id="9912659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912659" title="Merești">
Merești

Mereşti ( or colloquially "Almás", Hungarian pronunciation:, meaning "Place of Apples on the Homorod") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. It is composed of a single village, Mereşti.
History.
The village is likely to have been formed from 7 small settlements in the 13th century: Varjas, Kakód, Benesfalva, Almás, Bencőfalva, Cikefalva, Tankófalva. 
It was first recorded in 1333 when a "sacerdos de Almas" was mentioned. In 1808, its name appears as "Almás", in Romanian "Poiana Marului". Before WWI, its Romanian name was also Homorod-Almaşş. In 1762, the villagers refused to perform military service, therefore, as a retaliation a company of the Atlhan cavalry regiment was stationed and housed in the village. In the 19th century, the village became a famous center of manufacturing of painted furniture. The village was part of the Székely Land region of the historical Transylvania province. It belonged to Udvarhelyszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when it fell within the Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, the village became part of Romania and fell within Odorhei County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County. The town is referenced in the video game Fallout 3
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 1,330 which 99.17% or 1,319 are Hungarian. As to the religious composition, Unitarians make up 82.54% of the population, while 14% are Roman Catholics.
The Vargyas Gorge.
East of the village is located the picturesque Vargyas Gorge which is perhaps the village's most important touristic asset. In the gorge a number of caves are located. A 1500 m long cave was named after the geographer of the Székely Land Balázs Orbán. The cave was inhabited by man even in prehistoric times, later, in the Middle Ages villagers used it as a fortified refuge. The micro-region’s most important natural area, the Gorge is a wonder of karst topography. At more than 900 hectares, the gorge is dominated by 200 metre white limestone cliffs which, beyond their beauty, are an increasingly popular climbing area. Beneath the cliffs lies a 7.5 kilometer cave system, home to 17 species of bats, and a haven for cave explorers.
Notable people.
Natives of the village were:

</doc>
<doc id="9912691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912691" title="Light Infantry Brigade">
Light Infantry Brigade

The Light Infantry Brigade was an administrative formation of the British Army from 1948 to 1968. The Brigade administered the regular English light infantry regiments.
After the Second World War the British Army had fourteen infantry depots, each bearing a letter. Infantry Depot J at Farnborough, Hants was the headquarters for the six English light infantry regiments. In 1948, the depots adopted names and this depot became the Light Infantry Brigade, with all regiments being reduced to a single battalion at the same time.
The Light Infantry Brigade was formed on 14 July 1948, combining the depots of the following regiments:
Under the Defence Review announced in July, 1957, the infantry of the line was reorganised, and by 1959 the Brigade was reduced to four battalions:
From 1958 all regiments adopted a common brigade cap badge, a silver bugle-horn. From 1960 the Light Infantry Brigade was based at Copthorne Barracks in Shropshire. 
On July 1, 1968 the Light Infantry Brigade was united with the Green Jackets Brigade, to form the Light Division. Nine days later, the four light infantry regiments were amalgamated into a single "large regiment" named The Light Infantry.

</doc>
<doc id="9912694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912694" title="Usury Act 1660">
Usury Act 1660

The Usury Act 1660 is an Act of the Parliament of England (12 Car. II. c. 13) with the long title "An Act for restraining the taking of Excessive Usury". The purpose of the Act was to reduce the interest rate from 8% to 6%. The legislation had been enacted in 1651 under the Commonwealth, but this Act was passed to confer legality on the measure following the Restoration of Charles II after the English Civil War. 
It was amended by the Usury Act 1840 (3&4 Vict, c.83), the Usury Act 1841 (4&5 Vict, c.54), the Usury Act 1843 (6&7 Vict, c.45), the Usury Act 1845 (8&8 Vict, c.102), the Usury Act 1850 (13&14 Vict, c.56) . It was repealed by section 1 of the Usury Laws Repeal Act 1854 (17&18 Vict, c.90); the last Act is also known as An Act to repeal the Laws relating to Usury and to the Enrolment of Annuities 1854. 

</doc>
<doc id="9912713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912713" title="Blacka'nized">
Blacka'nized

Blacka'nized were a hip hop group from the mid-1990s, composed of Joseph Malik and A.J Nutall, from Edinburgh.
History.
Joseph Malik was born in Glasgow but moved through to Edinburgh in the early 1990s after visiting Edinburgh for the 1993 International Arts Festival and deciding not to go back to Glasgow. While in Edinburgh Joseph Malik met producer A.J Nutall, an old friend from the early 1980s hip hop scene.
MF Outa'National was the first incarnation of the collaboration between the two, and under this name their track 'Miles Out of Time' was released on the infamous 'Mo' Wax Headz Vol. 1' album.
In 1994, Malik and A.J came to the home of the Stereo MCs, and fellow DJs Sace and Easi's label Response. It was here that Malik and A.J took the name Blacka'nized and a number of EPs and album projects were released to great acclaim. In 1996, Blacka'nized left Response to set up their own label in Edinburgh called 'Yush2K'. At the Yusk2K label they continued to produced acclaimed work and also helped produce other up-and-coming artists such as Scotland Yard Emcees and a young KT Tunstall.

</doc>
<doc id="9912729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912729" title="Olympia (song)">
Olympia (song)

Olympia is a 1984 single from Sérgio Mendes featuring lead vocals by Joe Pizzulo as a theme for the Los Angeles 1984 Summer Olympics. It was released the same year on the album "Confetti". The song is also used as the theme song for Olympia Sports Camp in Ontario, Canada, and for the World's Strongest Tag Determination League in All Japan Pro Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="9912742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912742" title="Raipur, Pakistan">
Raipur, Pakistan

Raipur () is a village in the Kabirwala Tehsil of Khanewal District in Western Punjab (Pakistan). Until 2000, it was located in the Multan Division. It is famous as Nobel Laureate Har Gobind Khorana (1922) was born here.
Geography.
The village is situated at , in the Khanewal District in the Pakistani Punjab, having the average elevation of 161 metres (528 ft).

</doc>
<doc id="9912744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912744" title="Walter Carvalho">
Walter Carvalho

Walter Carvalho (born 1947 in João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil) is a critically and internationally acclaimed Brazilian cinematographer.
Carvalho has worked on over 60 films in his career since entering the Cinema of Brazil in 1973.
He has won some 30 different professional film awards to date and has worked on acclaimed Brazilian films such as "Carandiru" in 2003.
He is the father of also cinematographer Lula Carvalho.

</doc>
<doc id="9912758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912758" title="Faces of Jim">
Faces of Jim

Faces of Jim was a black-and-white British comedy television series starring Jimmy Edwards, June Whitfield and Ronnie Barker, with each episode being an individual half-hour sitcom. The first series aired as The Seven Faces of Jim, the second as Six More Faces of Jim and the third series as More Faces of Jim. All the episodes were written by Frank Muir and Denis Norden.
Archive status.
The first series of Faces of Jim survives in its entirety and so does the 1962 Christmas Short, but all of the other episodes (from series 2 and 3) were discarded by the BBC during the early 1970s, and remain missing. Some of the existing footage was used in a "Comedy Classics of the 60's" compilation VHS by Watershed Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="9912760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912760" title="Pennales">
Pennales

Order Pennales is a traditional subdivision of the heterokont algae known as diatoms. The order is named for the shape of the cell walls (or valves or frustules) of pennate diatoms, which are elongated in valve view. The valves may be linear or oval in shape, and usually bear bilaterally symmetrical ornamental patterns. These patterns are composed of a series of transverse lines (known as striae) that can appear as rows of dots when viewed with an optical microscope. Some pennate diatoms also exhibit a fissure along their longitudinal axis. This is known as a raphe, and is involved in gliding movements made by diatom cells; motile diatoms always possess a raphe.
In terms of cell cycle, vegetative cells are diploid and undergo mitosis during normal cell division. Periodically, meiosis produces morphologically identical haploid gametes (isogametes), which fuse to produce a (sometimes binucleate) zygote that develops into an auxospore (from which full-size vegetative cells are produced). 
In some taxonomic schemes, the pennate diatoms are divided into two groups: pennate diatoms without a raphe, known as araphids (Order Fragilariophyceae), and pennate diatoms with a raphe, known as raphids (Order Bacillariophyceae).

</doc>
<doc id="9912767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912767" title="China League Two">
China League Two

China League Two (Simplified Chinese: 中国足球协会乙级联赛) is the third tier league of the People's Republic of China. The league is under the auspices of the Chinese Football Association. Above the League Two is the premier league - the Chinese Super League and the League One.
There are two groups in League Two, northern and southern. The top four teams from each group enter the promotion play-off after each regular season. Harbin Yiteng and Chongqing F.C. reached promotion play-off final in 2011 and the two clubs were promoted to League One. In 2011, China League Two 3rd-placed team faced 2011 China League One last-placed team for a play-off match. Fujian Smart Hero Leephick which was the 3rd-placed team of 2011 China League Two has won this match against the 2011 China League One last-placed team Guizhou Zhicheng Toro and earned a spot in the 2012 China League One.

</doc>
<doc id="9912775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912775" title="Mihăileni, Harghita">
Mihăileni, Harghita

Mihăileni ( or colloquially "Szentmihály", Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "St. Michael of Csík") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. The commune lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of four villages:
Location.
The centre village is situated in Upper Ciuc along the no. 124 county road. Its inner area is crossed by the Racu (Rákos) Stream. The village was formed at the meeting point of this stream and the Csorgó Stream springing from the Kőd Mountain. The Kőd Peak (845 m) rises to the northeast, the Kőcsonka Peak (886 m) to the north; the Frumoasa Stream crosses the border in the south. In the west it is bordered by the Pagan Mountain (1,195 m), Kőnyak and the Livezi Peak.Several mineral water springs can be found here.
History.
Its name was first recorded in 1333 when a ’sacerdos de Sancto Michaele’ was mentioned in a papal tithe register. In 1539, it was mentioned as "Zent Mijhal", in 1684 as "Csik Szent Mihály". Its Hungarian name received its current form in 1913. Until, 1919, its Romanian names was "Sânmihaiu", then it was changed to "Cic-Sânmihaiu", and finally the current official name.
The village suffered a lot in 1694 on occasion of the Tartar invasion, it was then that the neighboring village called Cibrefalva was completely devastated.
The component villages were historically part of the Székely Land area of Transylvania and belonged to Csíkszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and they were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the town became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 2,632 of which 79.9% or 2,103 are Hungarian, while 517 (19.64%) are Romanians. The village of Livezi has an ethnic Romanian majority.
Sports.
It has a football club called Străduința Mihăileni (in Hungarian: "Csíkszentmihályi Törekvés"). Established in 1998, it has been playing in the Harghita district league since that time.
Twinnings.
The village is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="9912787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912787" title="Qingdao Sunrise">
Qingdao Sunrise

Qingdao Sunrise (Simplified Chinese: 青岛黎明) is a semi-professional football club based in Jimo after move to Qingdao. The club was founded in 1998, play in the Chinese Yi League, but absent in season 2008.
Club constructed their grass training field on the east side of Jimo, Shandong gongquan reservoir in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9912840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912840" title="Qingdao Haisha">
Qingdao Haisha

Qingdao Haisha or Qingdao Sharks(Simplified Chinese: 青岛海鲨) is a semi-professional football club, located in Qingdao, China. 
The club was founded in 2005 by Atletico Paranaense Qingdao football school, Hebei Xuechi group, Qingdao Huayi Rubber Products Co., Ltd and run by Qingdao Sharks football club Co., Ltd.
The club's name was changed to Qingdao Sharks FC Hebei Xuechi team in the late 2006, and moved to the city of Baoding, Hebei during the 2006 season.
recent season.
Club manager Li qiang is former football player of China national team. During 2006 season, Sharks finished fourth place out of nine clubs in North division and secured team a play-off spot. but Sharks lose to Anhui Jiufang in quarter-final.

</doc>
<doc id="9912849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912849" title="Sen kväll med Luuk">
Sen kväll med Luuk

Sen kväll med Luuk (Late night with Luuk) was one of Sweden's and TV4's most popular talk shows ever and started airing in 1996. Kristian Luuk's show had ratings around 1.5 million viewers every week. Kristian had many celebrity guests like Cher, Whitney Houston, Madonna, Kylie Minogue, Janet Jackson and Mariah Carey. In 2004, after 8 years of broadcasting the show, Kristian Luuk decided to quit the talk show and started his new project God Afton Sverige, which turned out to be a failure.
There are no plans of reviving the show from TV4 at this moment.

</doc>
<doc id="9912874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912874" title="Lantern Pike">
Lantern Pike

Lantern Pike is a hill located just outside Hayfield, in Derbyshire, England. The land lies within the Peak District National Park and is owned and maintained by the National Trust. It is permanently open to the public. According to Ordnance Survey, it is in height (measured by air survey). 
According to the booklet "10 Walks Around Hayfield", published by the Peak District National Park Authority, the name 'Lantern Pike' probably comes from the fact the hill was used as a beacon. 
The hill is a popular hiking destination, and is often considered a continuation of nearby Kinder Scout. 
Lantern Pike gives its name to the Lantern Pike Inn, located in nearby Little Hayfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9912892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912892" title="End Child Poverty coalition">
End Child Poverty coalition

End Child Poverty coalition was set up in 2001 by a group of UK children's charities, social justice groups, faith-groups, trade unions and others concerned about what they considered the unacceptably high levels of child poverty in the UK.
It was established as a charity in 2003 with a single goal - to eradicate child poverty in the United Kingdom. In 2010 it was removed from the Charity Commission's register, and it is now hosted by the Child Poverty Action Group.
Activities.
The coalition involves children, young people and parents with experience of poverty and others in a wide range of activities, such as a children's poetry anthology, a children Queen's speech and in lobbying the Chancellor and Government Ministers. The coalition has also organised cross-sector events such as the National Poverty Hearing, held on Wednesday 6 December 2006 working with Church Action on Poverty, Age Concern, Help the Aged, Joseph Rowntree Foundation, Oxfam, Poverty Alliance, Refugee Council, Shelter and the UK Coalition Against Poverty. The event engaged senior politicians, policy makers and opinion formers in the media and public life and grassroots anti-poverty/civil society groups from across the United Kingdom.
From the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty on October 17 until Universal Children’s Day on November 20 End Child Poverty led a Month of Action to call attention to the millions of children in poverty and demand action; calling on the Government to place child poverty firmly at the centre of their agenda and asking the chancellor to ‘play ball!’ to deliver, in the Comprehensive Spending Review, the resources needed to end child poverty, once and for all.
Funding members.
Major funding members include: Barnardo's, The Children's Society, Action for Children, NSPCC, and Save the Children. Other members include The Church of England, Caritas, the Citizens Advice Bureau, Coram, the Family Holiday Association, Liberal Judaism, Mencap, the National Union of Students, the National Youth Agency, the National Council for Voluntary Youth Services, Oxfam UK, Rathbone, Scope and Shelter.
News coverage.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/3478443.stm
http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk_news/story/0,1924378,00.html
http://news.independent.co.uk/uk/politics/article1886643.ece
http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk./Newsroom_and_Speeches/Press/2001/press_50_01.cfm

</doc>
<doc id="9912895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912895" title="John Krushenick">
John Krushenick

John Krushenick (March 18, 1927-June 19, 1998) painter and co-founder of the Brata Gallery in New York City. He studied with Hans Hofmann, exhibited at the Leo Castelli Gallery in New York City, and MoMA Tokyo. He and brother Nicholas Krushenick opened an artists' cooperative called the Brata Gallery in the late 1950s. During the late 1950s many cooperative galleries along Ninth and Tenth Street in New York City's East Village showcased the work of young artists. The painters and sculptors showcased there were among the avant-garde of the day. According to some sources, one of the earliest of the postwar New York "shaped canvas" paintings, by Edward Clark, was shown at the Brata in 1957.
See also.
Grandfather of Jackson Krushenick (snowboarder)

</doc>
<doc id="9912907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912907" title="Boxing at the 1959 Pan American Games">
Boxing at the 1959 Pan American Games

The Men's Boxing Tournament at the 1959 Pan American Games was held in Chicago, United States, from August 27 to September 7.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9912911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912911" title="Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key">
Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key

Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key () is a 1972 "giallo" film directed by Sergio Martino. The picture stars Edwige Fenech, Luigi Pistilli, and Anita Strindberg. The film uses many elements from Edgar Allan Poe's short story "The Black Cat", and acknowledges this influence in the film's opening credits.
"Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key" was Martino's fourth giallo film. The title of the film is a reference to his first one, "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh" ("Lo strano vizio della Signora Wardh", 1971), in which the killer leaves the phrase as a note to his victim. The victim in that film was played by Fenech. The film has been released under several alternate titles, including "Gently Before She Dies", "Eye of the Black Cat" and "Excite Me!".
Plot.
Oliviero Rouvigny (Pistilli), a failed writer and an alcoholic, lives in a crumbling mansion with his wife Irina (Strindberg), who is scared of Oliviero's cat, Satan, that used to belong to his late mother. To fight boredom, Oliviero organizes decadent parties for local hippies and humiliates and abuses Irina in front of the guests. After his mistress, a young student, is found murdered, Oliviero becomes the primary suspect. When he finds their maid dead on the premises, he decides to conceal it to avoid further suspicions.
With no-one knowing the identity of the murderer, Oliviero's paranoia builds and leads to more abuse of Irina. Then Oliviero's niece Floriana (Fenech) suddenly arrives for a visit. Irina finds comfort in Floriana's arms and bed, and the two decide to find a way to deal with Oliviero.
After Irina kills Oliviero with scissors, Floriana reveals that she has been after the jewelry that Oliviero had stashed in the mansion. Irina humbly gives her the jewelry and the two part ways. However, Irina also had a plan of her own and she turns to Walter (Ivan Rassimov), the original murderer. Walter kills Floriana and her boyfriend making it look like an accident. Later, Irina pushes Walter off a cliff to have the jewelry all for herself. When Irina returns to the mansion, she finds the police there. An old woman had filed a complaint for animal cruelty, as she had seen Irina stabbing Satan. Inside the mansion, the police officers notice that the cat seems to be mewing in agony inside a wall. As they tear down the wall, they discover the cat and the dead body of Oliviero inside.

</doc>
<doc id="9912921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912921" title="Zintl phase">
Zintl phase

In chemistry a Zintl phase is the product of a reaction between
Zintl phases were named for the German chemist Eduard Zintl who investigated them in the 1930s. The term "Zintl Phases" was first used by Laves in 1941. 
Zintl phases are a subgroup of brittle, high melting point intermetallic compounds which are diamagnetic or exhibit temperature-independent paramagnetism, are poor conductors or semiconductors. Zintl noted that there was an atomic volume contraction when these compounds were formed and realised this could indicate cation formation. He suggested that the structures of Zintl phases were ionic, where there was complete electron transfer from the more electropositive metal. The structure of the anion (nowadays called the Zintl ion) should then be considered on the basis of the resulting electronic state. These ideas were further developed to become the Zintl rule or Zintl Klemm concept, where the polyanion structure should be similar to an isoelectronic element. 
Examples of Zintl phases:
Clathrates are another instance of Zintl phases with potential for thermoelectric power generation due to their rattling structure, which leads to low thermal conductivity. 
Zintl line.
The Zintl line is a hypothetical boundary drawn between group 13 and group 14, to highlight the tendency for group 13 metals to form phases with a variety of stoichiometries, which contrasts to group 14 and above that tend to form salts with polymeric anions. It is now recognised that some Zintl phases contain Zintl clusters and that this accounts for the variable stoichiometries. The bonding in many of these clusters cannot be accounted for by classical octet rule involving covalent, 2-centre, 2-electron bonds, as implied by the Zintl rule. The reaction of Ge, Sn or Pb and Na in liquid NH3 in the presence of ethylene diamine (en) gives the Zintl cluster Na4en7Sn9.
Exceptions.
There are examples of a new class of compounds that, on the basis of their chemical formulae, would appear to be Zintl phases, e.g., K8In11, which is metallic and paramagnetic. Molecular orbital calculations have shown that the anion is (In11)7− and that the extra electron is distributed over the cations and, possibly, the anion antibonding orbitals.

</doc>
<doc id="9912930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912930" title="Jewish Babylonian Aramaic">
Jewish Babylonian Aramaic

Babylonian Aramaic was the form of Middle Aramaic employed by writers in Babylonia between the 4th century and the 11th century CE. It is most commonly identified with the language of the Babylonian Talmud (which was completed in the seventh century) and of post-Talmudic (Geonic) literature, which are the most important cultural products of Babylonian Jewry. The most important epigraphic sources for the dialect are the hundreds of Aramaic magic bowls written.
Classification and type.
The language was closely related to other Eastern Aramaic dialects such as Mandaic and the Eastern Syriac of the Assyrian Church. Its original pronunciation is uncertain, and has to be reconstructed with the help of these kindred dialects and of the reading tradition of the Yemenite Jews, Iraqi, Syrian or Egyptian Jews, and the value of the Yemenite reading tradition has been challenged by some scholars. (The vocalized Aramaic texts with which Jews are familiar, from the Bible and the prayer book, are of limited usefulness for this purpose, as they are in a different dialect.)
Talmudic Aramaic bears all the marks of being a specialist language of study and legal argumentation, like Law French, rather than a vernacular mother tongue, and continued in use for these purposes long after Arabic had become the language of daily life. It has developed a battery of technical logical terms, such as "tiyuvta" (conclusive refutation) and "tiqu" (undecidable moot point), which are still used in Jewish legal writings, including those in other languages, and have influenced modern Hebrew.
Today.
The language has received considerable scholarly attention, as shown in the Bibliography below. However, the majority of those who are familiar with it, namely Orthodox Jewish students of Talmud, are given no systematic instruction in the language, and are expected to "sink or swim" in the course of Talmudic studies, with the help of some informal pointers showing similarities and differences with Hebrew.

</doc>
<doc id="9912931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912931" title="Tianjin Dongli">
Tianjin Dongli

Tianjin Dongli (Simplified Chinese: 天津东丽) is a football club based in Tianjin, China.

</doc>
<doc id="9912935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912935" title="President's Leadership Class">
President's Leadership Class

President's Leadership Class may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9912937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912937" title="Poli Grappa Museum">
Poli Grappa Museum

The Poli Grappa Museum is set up in Bassano del Grappa, the capital of Grappa, inside a palace of the fifteenth century, in front of the historic wooden Bridge "Ponte Vecchio".
The history of distillation and of Grappa is explained by means of a brief but detailed educational tour. The Museum consists of three little rooms: in the first hall, the reconstructed stills and collection of interesting documents will reveal the mysteries of the origin and the evolution of the art of distillation over the years.
In the second hall, by means of pictures, stills and apparatus for making Grappa, it will be possible to appreciate and understand the reason why this Italian distillate is unique in the world. The objects' descriptions and the images' captions are in Italian and in English.
In the third hall there is a show-room where it is possible to taste the products of the Jacopo Poli Distillery. 

</doc>
<doc id="9912947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912947" title="Mugeni">
Mugeni

Mugeni ( ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Component villages.
The commune is composed of eight villages:
In 2004, the villages of Porumbenii Mari and Porumbenii Mici formed the commune of Porumbeni ("Nagygalambfalva"). The village of Beteşti ("Betfalva") was transferred to the town of Cristuru Secuiesc that year.
History.
The villages forming the present-day commune were part of the Székely Land region of the historical Transylvania province. They belonged to Csíkszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Csík County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Ciuc County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureş-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Hungarian (Székely) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 5,869 of which 98.82% or 5,800 are Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9912984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9912984" title="Krisztián Vadócz">
Krisztián Vadócz

Krisztián Vadócz (; born 30 May 1985) is an Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Odense Boldklub in Denmark, as a central midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Budapest, Vadócz made his professional debuts aged 17, with hometown's Budapest Honvéd FC, and caught the eye of Ligue 1 outfit AJ Auxerre in the 2005 summer. However, he managed no first-team appearances in a three-year spell, finishing his last on loan to Motherwell in Scotland.
In June 2007 Vadócz was finally released by the French, joining NEC Nijmegen. During his only season in the Eredivisie, he was an essential midfield element for a side that finished a comfortable eighth. 
Subsequently, Vadócz penned a four-year contract with La Liga outfit CA Osasuna. Never an undisputed starter in his first season he did score some important goals for the Navarrese, against UD Almería (3–1, after only playing one minute) and at Atlético de Madrid (4–2).
In the 2009–10 season Vadócz appeared in exactly the same number of matches for Osasuna, again mainly from the bench. On 11 April 2010, he scored from 35 yards to help his side to a 2–0 home win against Real Zaragoza.
Vadócz was released by Osasuna in the last day of the 2011 summer transfer window, immediately signing with former team NEC. On 6 September 2012 he changed clubs and countries again, joining Odense Boldklub in the Danish Superliga.
International career.
Vadócz made his debut for both Hungary's under-21 and the full side in 2004. He netted his first goal for the latter a year later, in a 3–2 friendly win over Antigua and Barbuda in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
