<doc id="9874019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874019" title="Society of Scottish Lawyers in London">
Society of Scottish Lawyers in London

The Society of Scottish Lawyers in London was founded in October 1987, in response to the growing numbers of Scots lawyers moving south to jobs in London, predominantly in the major City law firms. Its purpose is to enable Scots lawyers in London to make and maintain contact with one another through social and other events.
History.
The Society’s inaugural meeting was held in the Cholmondeley Room at the House of Lords and was attended by over 100 Scots lawyers who lived and/or worked in London. The meeting was hosted by Lord Cameron of Lochbroom QC, then Lord Advocate. Also present and/or other well-known leading members of the Society include/have included:
Membership.
Under the club's first constitution, membership was limited to lawyers (advocates or solicitors) admitted to practise in Scotland and who have a residence or place of business in London. In 1989, the membership criteria were relaxed to admit Scots who are English lawyers or lawyers admitted to other jurisdictions, but who are not admitted to the Faculty of Advocates (the bar in Scotland) or members of the Law Society of Scotland (the solicitors' branch of the Scottish legal profession).
Current Committee.
There are currently 10 members of the Committee of the Society:
Burns Supper.
Currently, the main event organised by the Society is an annual Burns Supper which is held at The Brewery in Chiswell Street, London – a magnificent venue in the heart of the City. The Society’s Burns Supper is the largest held within the City of London with around 400 people attending – usually with connections to the Scottish legal profession. It has consistently been the largest Burns Supper held in The City of London and has a reputation for being THE Burns Supper to attend. Traditionally, the Burns Supper is held on the Thursday before Burns Night itself. The 2013 Burns Supper is on 17 January 2013.
The Society's most notable Burns Supper was its second - in January 1989 - when three of its most senior politician members spoke on the night: Malcolm Rifkind QC MP, who proposed the toast to the immortal memory of Robert Burns; John Smith QC MP, who proposed to the toast to the Society; and Donald Dewar MP, who proposed the toast to The Lassies.
Other speakers at past Burns Supper have included: Michael Portillo, David Sole, Jane Franchi, Sally Magnusson, and George Reid.
The Society’s Burns Suppers have always been hugely popular, with many London Scots using them to entertain and educate English and other friends.

</doc>
<doc id="9874027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874027" title="World War Veterans">
World War Veterans

The World War Veterans was established in 1919 as a progressive organization of American veterans of the First World War. It officially claimed to have been organized just 9 days after the armistice, on November 20, 1918 in Bois, France. The group filed formal certificate of incorporation in New York state on February 13, 1919. The purposes of the corporation stated at that time included (1) To band together veterans of World War I who have served in any branch of the United States service; (2) To preserve the ideals for which these veterans served; and (3) To aid such veterans to secure adequate employment and to facilitate their return to civilian life.
The group sought sought "live wire, red blooded returned servicemen" in its ranks.
History.
The WWV established a "Northwestern Division" prior to January 1919 at a meeting held in Minneapolis. Anyone having an honorable discharge from the US or Allied powers was eligible for membership.
Further articles of incorporation were filed in New York on December 12, 1919 by merging the original World War Veterans with the Rank and File Association and the Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines Protective Association of New York into one organization.
The WWV does not seem to have had a constitution in its earliest phase, but was based around an organizational "preamble":
The World War Veterans are strictly non-partisan.
The slogan of the World War Veterans was: "The enforcement of the Constitution of the United States of America as it is written, and in the spirit of its founders."
The primary unit of the WWV was known as a "Post," consisting of 10 or more ex-service men. Charters were obtained from state headquarters for $5, and the Post was responsible for sending per capita dues of 10 cents each month to state headquarters. Individual ex-servicemen could join as "members at large" by sending in $1 to national headquarters, including a 25 cent initiation fee and 3 months dues at 25 cents per month.
From about January 1920, the group also had an Auxiliary which was open to the general public, open to anyone wishing to become a member who believed in "Enforcement of the Constitution of the United States as it is written."
The auxiliaries of the World War Veterans had three basic organizational rules: (1) No religious subjects must be discussed at meetings. (2) No political party will receive the endorsement of the group. (3) All speakers must confine their utterances within the limits as guaranteed by the constitution of the United States as it is written. All members of the regular WWV organization were to automatically be enrolled as members of the WWV Auxiliary, and the Auxiliaries were to meet on different nights than the regular WWV Post. Dues in the WWV Auxiliary were $1 per year.
Organizational Convention, Minneapolis, MN, March 31-April 1, 1921.
The March–April 1921 convention was attended by delegates representing 22 states.
In the first half of 1921, the national office of the World War Veterans was maintained at 505 Temple Court, Minneapolis, MN. Officers of the World War Veterans organization included:
The World War Veterans also had an "Eastern Division Organizer," John M. Levitt of the Bridgeport Central Labor Union, Bridgeport, CT.
First National Convention, Chicago, IL, July 1–4, 1921.
The July 1921 convention of the World War Veterans was attended by 48 delegates. The gathering was addressed by Raefel Mallen.
The convention elected the following officers of the organization:
The platform of the organization was reaffirmed by the convention.
The convention drew up plans for an active campaign of organization around all parts of the US and for working with labor unions to doing away with future wars.
A number of resolutions were passed by the gathering. The "Open Shop" campaign was denounced, judges issuing anti-labor injunctions were condemned, the Ku Klux Klan and racial violence was condemned. The civil war against West Virginia miners was denounced and the Non-Partisan League's industrial program for North Dakota was endorsed. Resolutions were passed calling for freedom for Ireland and for the reopening of trade relations with Soviet Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="9874039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874039" title="Strong secrecy">
Strong secrecy

Strong secrecy is a term used in formal proof-based cryptography for making propositions about the security of cryptographic protocols. It is a stronger notion of security than syntactic (or weak) secrecy. Strong secrecy is related with the concept of semantic security or indistinguishability used in the computational proof-based approach. Bruno Blanchet provides the following definition for strong secrecy:
For example if a process encrypts a message "m" an attacker can differentiate between different messages, since their ciphertexts will be different. Thus "m" is not a strong secret. If however, probabilistic encryption were used, "m" would be a strong secret. The randomness incorporated into the encryption algorithm will yield different ciphertexts for the same value of "m".

</doc>
<doc id="9874058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874058" title="Woodland Hills High School">
Woodland Hills High School

Woodland Hills High School is a large, urban public high school providing grades 9-12 for the Woodland Hills School District located in Churchill, Pennsylvania. It services the communities of Braddock, Braddock Hills, Chalfant, Churchill, East Pittsburgh, Edgewood, Forest Hills, North Braddock, Rankin, Swissvale, Turtle Creek, and Wilkins Township. In April 2014, Principal Dan Stephens was removed by the Board. An interim principal was appointed. In 2013, Woodland Hills High School enrollment was reported as 1,244 pupils in 9th through 12th grades, with 69% of pupils were eligible for the federal free or reduce priced lunch due to family poverty. Additionally,16.6% of pupils receiving special education services, while 9.8% of pupils were identified as gifted. The school employed teachers. Per the PA Department of Education 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act. The school is a Title I school.
According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 1,278 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 851 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level. In 2011, the Woodland Hill HIgh School employed 102 teachers yielding a student-teacher ratio of 12:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of the teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. 
Woodland Hills High School students may attend Forbes Road CTC for training in the trades The Allegheny Intermediate Unit IU3 [http://www.aiu3.net provides the School with a wide variety of services like specialized education for disabled students and hearing, speech and visual disability services and professional development for staff and faculty. 
Woodland Hills High School was the result of a 1981 court-ordered desegregation merger. Before the merger, the building was the location of the Churchill Area High School.
Graduation Rate.
In 2013, Woodland Hills School District's graduation rate was 81.5%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Woodland Hills High School's rate was 81.3% for 2010.
Western Pennsylvania local academic ranking.
Woodland Hills High School was ranked 97th out of 124 western Pennsylvania school districts, in 2013, by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on the last three years of student academic performance on the PSSAs on: math, reading, writing and science. (includes 105 districts in: Allegheny County, Armstrong County, Beaver County, Butler County, Fayette County, Washington County and Westmoreland County, but excludes Duquesne City School District & Midland Borough School District due to their not operating a high school). In 2012, Woodland Hills High School ranked 102nd in the western Pennsylvania region for academic achievement.
Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program.
In July 2012, the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE) released a report identifying Woodland Hills School District having six schools among the lowest achieving schools for reading and mathematics in 2012. Woodland Hills High School was among the 15% lowest achieving schools in the Commonwealth. Parents and students may be eligible for scholarships to transfer to another public or nonpublic school through the state's Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program passed in June 2012. The scholarships are limited to those students whose family's income is less than $60,000 annually, with another $12,000 allowed per dependent. Maximum scholarship award is $8,500, with special education students receiving up to $15,000 for a year's tuition. Parents pay any difference between the scholarship amount and the receiving school's tuition rate. Students may seek admission to neighboring public school districts. Each year the PDE publishes the tuition rate for each individual public school district. Fifty-three public schools in Allegheny County are among the lowest-achieving schools in 2011. According to the report, parents in 414 public schools (74 school districts) were offered access to these scholarships. For the 2012-13 school year, eight public school districts in Pennsylvania had all of their schools placed on the list including: Sto-Rox School District, Chester Upland School District, Clairton City School District, Duquesne City School District, Farrell Area School District, Wilkinsburg Borough School District, William Penn School District and Steelton-Highspire School District. Funding for the scholarships comes from donations by businesses which receive a state tax credit for donating.
AYP History.
In 2012, Woodland Hills High School was in Making Progress: in Corrective Action II fifth year Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status. In 2011, Woodland Hills High School was in Corrective Action II 5th Year AYP status. 
Under the federal No Child Left Behind Act, the Woodland Hills High School administration was required to notify parents of the school's poor achievement outcomes and to offer the parent the opportunity to transfer to a successful school within the District. Additionally the school administration was required by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, to develop a School Improvement Plan to address the school's low student achievement. Under the Pennsylvania Accountability System, the school district must pay for additional tutoring for struggling students. The High School is eligible for special, supplemental funding under School Improvement Grants which the school must apply for each year.
Academic achievement.
Woodland Hills High School achieved 69 out of 100. Reflects on grade level reading, mathematics and science achievement. In reading/literature - 70% were on grade level. In Algebra 1, only 57% showed on grade level skills. In Biology, just 31% showed on grade level science understanding. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2,181 public schools (less than 73 percent of Pennsylvania public schools), achieved an academic score of 70 or higher. Pennsylvania 11th grade students no longer take the PSSAs. Instead, they now take the Keystone Exams at the end of the associated course.
Pennsylvania System of School Assessments, commonly called PSSAs are No Child Left Behind Act related examinations which were administered from 2003 through 2012. The exams were administered in the Spring of each school year. In 2013, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania changed its high school assessments to the Keystone Exams in Algebra 1, Reading/literature and Biology1. The exams are given at the end of the course, rather than all in the spring of the student's 11th grade year.
11th Grade Reading:
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
Science in Motion Woodland Hills High School did not take advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Westminster College provided the science enrichment experiences to schools in the region.
For the 2011-12 school year, Pennsylvania System of School Assessment (PSSA) ranked Woodland Hills High School 449th out of the 676 public high schools in Pennsylvania. The ranking was based solely on the combined math and reading PSSA test scores from that high school. 
College Remediation Rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 50% of the Woodland Hills High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
Woodland Hills High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. Under state rules, other students that reside in the Woodland HIlls School District, who attend a private school, a charter school or are homeschooled are also eligible to participate in this program. In 2010, Governor Edward Rendell eliminated the grants to students, from the Commonwealth, due to a state budget crisis.
For the 2009-10 funding year, Woodland Hills High School received a state grant of $71,204 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
The Woodland Hills School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 26 credits to graduate, including: Mathematics 4 credits, English 4 credits, Social Studies 4 credits, science 4 credits, Physical Education 2 credits, Computer 1 credit, Health 0.5 credit and electives. Students must earn a minimum of 5 credits to be promoted from 9th grade to 10 grade and 12 credits to enter 11th grade.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania State Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
Students have several opportunities to pass the exam. Schools are mandated to provide targeted assistance to help the student be successful. Those who do not pass after several attempts can perform a project in order to graduate.Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their Individual Education Plan (IEP). Woodland Hills High School offers several avenues of remdiation to pass the exams including courses during the school year and summer school sessions.
In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. 
Challenge Program.
The Challenge Program offers $250.00 cash incentives to Senior High School students who excel in the categories of: Academic Improvement, Attendance, Community Service and Academic Excellence. The program partners with businesses to motivate students both in and out of the classroom by encouraging good habits in students that will last throughout their education and into their future careers. For the 2010-2011 school year, the top 10% of students in each of the categories will be eligible to win $250.00. 
SAT scores.
In 2013, Woodland Hills High School students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 446. The Math average score was 447. The Writing average score was 424. The College Board reported that statewide scores were: 494 in reading, 504 in math and 482 in writing. The nation-wide SAT results were the same as in 2012. 
In 2012, 183 Woodland Hills High School students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 442. The Math average score was 442. The Writing average score was 426. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 215 Woodland Hills High School students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 446. The Math average score was 443. The Writing average score was 414. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education compared the SAT data of students in rural areas of Pennsylvania to students in urban areas. From 2003 to 2005, the average total SAT score for students in rural Pennsylvania was 992, while urban students averaged 1,006. During the same period, 28 percent of 11th and 12th graders in rural school districts took the exam, compared to 32 percent of urban students in the same grades. The average math and verbal scores were 495 and 497, respectively, for rural students, while urban test-takers averaged 499 and 507, respectively. Pennsylvania’s SAT composite score ranked low on the national scale in 2004. The composite SAT score of 1,003 left Pennsylvania ranking 44 out of the 50 states and Washington, DC.
AP Courses.
In 2013, Woodland Hills High School offered 12 Advanced Placement (AP) courses at a higher cost than regular courses. Students have the option of taking College Board approved courses and then taking the College Board's examination in the Spring. Students, who achieve a 3 or better on the exam, may be awarded college credits at US universities and colleges. Each higher education institution sets its own standards about what level of credits are awarded to a student based on their AP exam score. Most higher education give credits for scores of 4 or 5. Some schools also give credits for scores of 3. High schools give credits towards graduation to students who take the school's AP class. At Woodland Hills School District the AP courses are weighted, but students must earn a grade of B or better to receive the weighted value. At Woodland Hills High School just 21% of students, who took an AP course, earned a 3 or better on the AP exam. At Woodland Hills students who fail to achieve a 70% or better during the first marking period of an AP course may be reassigned to another course at the appropriate grade level.
AP Biology <br>
AP Calculus AB/BC <br>
AP Chemistry <br>
AP Economics <br>
AP English/Language and Composition <br>
AP European History<br>
AP U.S. History <br>
AP Statistics <br>
AP Physics<br>
AP Computer Science<br> 
AP Environmental Science<br> 
AP Comparative Government and Politics<br> 
Gifted Department.
The Gifted and Talented Education department currently has three teachers: Ms. Lesley Krasman (Social Studies), Mr. Jeffery Snyder (Technology), and Mrs. Jodi Blasi (Science).
The Gifted Department is particularly strong in the Science Olympiad competitions as well as its selection of particular students to Hometown High-Q. The WHHS Gifted Department also produces a yearly award-winning magazine - Graphiti - which features student literature and artwork. The Gifted Department also offers classes in American Sign Language, Creative Writing, Robotics and a Theater Workshop.
One particularly strong part of the Gifted department is its Mock Trial team. The team has been Allegheny County champions three of the past six years, and the team made it to the semi-finals at the state level in 2009. The Mock Trial team is coached by Mr. Kevin McGuire.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006 to 2009. The Woodland Hills School District did not apply to participate in 2006-07 or in 2007-08. The Woodland Hills High School received $188,223 in 2008-09. Among the public school districts in Allegheny County the highest award was given to Highlands School District which received $835,286. The highest funding statewide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. The grant program was discontinued by Governor Edward Rendell as part of the 2009-10 state budget.
Extracurriculars.
The District offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive, costly sports program. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy and in compliance with standards set by the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA). According to Pennsylvania’s Safety in Youth Sports Act, all sports coaches, paid and volunteer, are required to annually complete the Concussion Management Certification Training and present the certification before coaching. The school is part of the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League (WPIAL). Sports participation physicals are given free of charge at the Woodland Hills Athletic Training Room. The District is noncompliant with state law, due to failing to post its Interscholastic Athletic Opportunities Disclosure Form on its website. George Novak is the District's Athletic Director in 2013-14.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Woodland Hills School District offers a recreational swim program to the community during non school hours.
Performing arts.
Woodland Hills is particularly known for its strong Performing Arts and Music programs. Every year, the spring musical receives nominations from the Gene Kelly Awards. 
Other events include the winter show done by the Performing Arts Class, of which recent productions have included: An Evening of One Act Plays, Solos, The Dining Room, Disney's High School Musical, and Chicago.
Woodland Hills is proud of its Marching Band and Visual Ensemble. It's under the direction of Mr. Thomas Crone. The group practices throughout the summer months, concluding with two weeks of camp in August before school begins to perfect the field drill and music. The season generally kicks off with a community parade through Edgewood, and a Parent's Preview, where all the band parents can come to see their sons/daughters perform the complete Marching Band field show for the first time at the Wolvarena. The WHHS Band performs at all football games. They also compete in local PIMBA band competitions and travel out of state to compete at various national competitions, including The Fiesta Bowl and The Gator Bowl. The WHHS Band staff is made up of both professional and non-professional instructors in both paid and unpaid positions.
Sports.
The District funds:
The District provides club sports - Bowling, Rugby and Ultimate Frisbee.
According to PIAA directory July 2013 
The Woodland Hills football program is known for turning out many quality football players. In its 25-year history it has produced nearly 100 Division I football recruits. In 2011, the school had nine graduates in the NFL, the most of any school in the United States: Jason Taylor, Steve Breaston, Lousaka Polite, Ryan Mundy, Shawntae Spencer, Rob Gronkowski, Terrence Johnson, Wes Lyons and Darrin Walls. WPIAL Champion: 1996, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2009. PIAA State Runner-Up: 1996, 2001, 2002
Class of 2011.
The online school newspaper "Woodland Hills Update" was named 2nd best online school newspaper in PA
1st place team out of 17 in the Equations Competition with individual students placing 3rd and 4th overall out of 81 students
3rd place team out of 21 team competitors in the Propaganda Tournament with individual students placing 3rd and 4th respectively out of 120 competing students
3rd place out of a field of 17 schools in the Fair Child Challenge at Phipps Conservatory. This project was a joint venture with Gifted students and A. P. Environmental students
Out of 33 schools participating in Science Olympiad, WHHS students were distinguished in this field by securing six individual medals
The Mock Trial team advanced to the semi-finals and enjoyed recognition along the way with awards given to individual participants for excellence in their performance. Next year, the team will have a courtroom to practice in through the generosity of the district attorneys office. This gift was a recognition of a long history of success in mock trial competition in Allegheny County. 
The Phantom of the Opera was nominated for 12 Gene Kelly awards and won for best crew, best scenic design, best costume design, best lighting design, best director and best musical.
The Class of 2011 earned more than $3.7 million in academic scholarships

</doc>
<doc id="9874060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874060" title="Pablo José Meza">
Pablo José Meza

Pablo José Meza is an Argentine film producer, director, and screenplay writer. Sometimes he is credited as Pablo Meza. His debut film, "Buenos Aires 100 Kilómetros", was well regarded by film critics and won many awards.
Filmography.
Directing, producing, and writing
Second Unit Director
Awards.
Wins for: "Buenos Aires 100 Kilómetros"
Nominations for: "Buenos Aires 100 Kilómetros"
Wins for: "La Vieja de Atrás"
"Nominations"' for: "La Vieja de Atrás"

</doc>
<doc id="9874064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874064" title="Hellenic Naval Academy">
Hellenic Naval Academy

The Hellenic Naval Academy (, lit. "School of Naval Cadets") is a military academy with university status and has the responsibility to educate and suitably train competent Naval Officers for the Hellenic Navy. Its full name is "Hellenic Naval Cadets Academy" and was founded in 1845. The academy is one of the oldest educational institutions in Greece.
The academy educates Deck and Engineering Naval cadets. It may also educate Supply Officer cadets as well as Coast Guard Officer cadets. Foreign nationals are also accepted to study as naval cadets in the academy.
History.
The academy has a long history in naval education. Its presence is closely associated with the foundation and evolution of the Hellenic Navy, covering a period of 150 years of educational work. The Academy was founded in 1845 as a naval training school on board the HN corvette . For 50 years, it operated unofficially on board various combat ships, stabilizing its position and improving its work.
In 1884, the academy was officially reorganized by the Greek State and new facilities were built to house its operations. At the time, the academy's quarters were on board the HN corvette "Hellas".
In 1905 it was transferred to Piraeus, where it has remained ever since. The academy's base was transferred to a new and permanent installation beside the harbour of Piraeus, by the entrance of the main port. The operating conditions were greatly improved by the new quarters and this better facilitated its operation. New cadets were accepted and new Navy ships were appointed to help in the educational process.
Since then, during its 150 years of operation, the Hellenic Naval Cadets Academy has evolved into one of the most prestigious institutions in Greece. More than 5,000 Naval Officers have graduated and led the Hellenic Navy, while many others have distinguished themselves in science, technology and politics. The organization and structure of the academy has made great reforms, always according to the needs of the Hellenic Navy.
Structure.
The Academy's organization is divided into two main branches. The first branch deals with education and training and includes four Directorates: The Naval Cadet Administration, the Nautical and Military training, the Athletics and the Academic Studies direcrorate. The second branch is responsible of base support and everything that needs to be done for the academy's proper function.
The academy is commanded by an officer of the higher naval ranks. Issues involving academic studies are examined by the Superior Educational Council, a body formed of academy professors and naval officers under the chairmanship of the Academy Superintendent.
Admissions.
The screening procedure for the selection of new cadets is based on the established system of national examinations, undertaken by all university candidates in Greece. The Hellenic Naval Academy runs additional health, intelligence and athletic tests on its candidates. About 400 cadets study in the Academy each year. All lessons are taught in Greek and basic training lasts for 4 years.
Greek nationals are admitted to the Hellenic Naval Academy following both: successful participation to the preliminary examination that includes gymnastics, physical and psychological tests and, successful participation to the annual national examinations, operated by the Ministry of Education. The number of admissions is decided by the Ministry of Defence, which issues an annual call for applications and always according to the Navy needs.
Foreign nationals are selected primarily by their governments, following bilateral agreements with the Greek state. Candidates must provide confirmation, issued by their government, that they have been selected for the particular military academy and must hold a birth certificate, a health certificate and a certificate of education equivalent to the "Greek Secondary Education Certificate", required for admission to any "Highest Educational Institution" (University) in Greece.
Upon arrival, the foreign students attend one-year preparatory courses. The beginners level teaching is conducted in Arabic, English and French. During that year, students take Greek language courses, mathematics, physics and chemistry fundamental courses and undergo military training. After the preparatory year, the foreign cadets join the full academic and military 4-year course, following the same program and obligations as their Greek colleagues. The costs of education are covered by scholarships and include accommodation, tuition, training and clothing expenses, but not travel costs, to and from Greece.
Education.
The Hellenic Naval Cadets Academy offers a 4-year course. Aim of the education offered is to provide graduates (both deck officers and engineers) with adequate skills and knowledge to perform their duties as Navy Officers and keep up with evolving developments in naval science, strategy and technology of naval warfare.
The day at the academy begins at 6.00 am. For five days every week the cadets attend an intense training program (academic, athletic and marine) while the afternoon is available for the rest of the academy activities as well as various cultural, athletic and social events. The academic year is divided in two semesters.
During the winter term, cadets attend academic courses, professional military courses and naval training courses (off board). In addition, they receive practical courses by participating in short training voyages on various naval ships. During the Summer term, cadets of the first three classes embark for a two months training cruise, until recently on board the training ship HN "Aris" and for the past few years usually on board a Frigate and a General Support Ship. The trip includes approaching at ports of various countries. Conditions for cadets to familiarize themselves with the profession and duties of an officer, are provided through instractions on professional matters, on board training and application of the theory taught, together with drills carried out during the cruise.
Graduation.
Cadets graduate from the academy provided they have concluded successfully all years and courses (academic and practical). Upon their graduation, all naval officers are commissioned to combat units of the Hellenic Navy fleet. During the graduation ceremony the flag of the Hellenic Naval Academy, following tradition, is handed over by new Navy Officers to the 3rd year cadets.
In the beginning of their career, officers serve in battle-ships and attend certain specialized schools. These schools have as goal to enhance their expertise and make them familiar with the battle-ship operations and function during peace and war. 
More specifically, officers are trained along the following lines:
Immediately after they graduate, officers attend a four to six month school where they receive additional theoretical and practical training and learn about system and equipment of their appointed battle-ships, as well as their duties as officers on those ships. During the first stages of their career, officers may also choose to serve in submarines, helicopters, marine patrol aircraft and underwater demolition (Special Forces), after being trained in their respective training schools.
Furthermore, when promoted to "Lieutenant Junior Grade", they go through a training stage lasting nine to eleven months. There they follow training held by various specialization departments of the Navy. According to the department they choose (or are appointed according to Navy needs), they take a degree of specialization to one of the following subjects: gunnery, navigation, communications and electronic engineering.
Lieutenant officers attend the "Navy Staff Officers School" and the "Naval War School" for 3 to 4 months on each school, where they obtain a "Staff Officer" degree. An officer may then serve as staff officer in various departments of the Hellenic Navy.
Finally, officers ranked "Lieutenant Junior Grade" and "Lieutenant", may be educated abroad (in Europe or in the USA) in schools such as NPS, MIT, the University of Michigan etc., thus becoming further specialized in fields such as electronics, weapon systems, computers, operation research, marine architecture etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9874072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874072" title="Hesketh Bank railway station">
Hesketh Bank railway station

Hesketh Bank railway station was on the West Lancashire Railway in England. It served the village of Hesketh Bank.
The station was adjacent to a swing bridge over the River Douglas. A short goods line branched from here along the west bank of the river to Tarleton Lock, at the end of the Rufford Branch of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="9874076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874076" title="Christchurch station">
Christchurch station

Christchurch railway station or Christchurch station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874083" title="Jagir Kaur">
Jagir Kaur

Bibi Jagir Kaur is the first woman to be elected for the second time as the president of the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC), an organisation that manages historic Sikh shrines and some educational institutions in the Indian states of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and the Union Territory of Chandigarh.
Ms. Kaur's name was put forward by the senior Akali leader, Sukhdev Singh Bhaur, and seconded by another SGPC member, Harswinder Singh. There were no other contenders. She had held the same post from March 1999 to November 2000, when she resigned. The post became vacant since the death of the Akali stalwart, Gurcharan Singh Tohra, who served for 26 terms. He died in March, 2004 after a brief illness.
Politics.
Jagir Kaur is an active member of the Shiromani Akali Dal, a Sikh political party with a strong following in Punjab. She joined the party in 1995 and was shortly thereafter appointed member of the party's working committee. In 1997, she was elected from the Bholath constituency in Kapurthala district. She was appointed Tourism and Cultural Affairs Minister in addition to holding the portfolios of social welfare, development of women and children welfare in the Parkash Singh Badal Cabinet. She resigned the post of minister when she was appointed as the President of the SGPC. Her rise was meteoric, rising from the position of a teacher in Mathematics to the post of President of the SGPC.
Harpreet Kaur Murder Case.
She was convicted on 30 March 2012 by a special CBI court for the "illegal confinement, forceful murder of her daughter". She was handed a sentence of 5 years. On 1/11/2012, she was let off on bail on condition that she would not leave the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9874093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874093" title="Sivabalan">
Sivabalan

Sivabalan is a volleyball player from Tamil Nadu, India. He has played for both junior and senior national volleyball teams. He is currently the captain of Chennai Customs volleyball team, Chennai. He earlier played for Indian Overseas Bank, Chennai. He hails from Sivaganga district, Tamil Nadu. He is the product of SDAT. He was a student of Loyola College, Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="9874133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874133" title="Ola Tidman">
Ola Tidman

Ola Tidman (born 11 May 1979 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for IF Limhamn Bunkeflo.
Club career.
Tidman's past clubs have included BK Kick, Malmö FF, KAA Gent, RAA La Louvière, Stockport County, Sheffield Wednesday and FC Midtjylland. In early 2007 he spent a period on trial with Derry City, before impressing Pat Fenlon and being offered a two-year contract. In an inauspicious debut for City, Tidman conceded four goals as Derry City fell to a 4-1 home league defeat to Cork City on 9 April 2007. 
In October 2008 he moved back to Denmark to play for Akademisk Boldklub of the Danish Viasat Sport Divisionen and signed on 15 April 2009 with IF Limhamn Bunkeflo.
International career.
Tidman has represented Sweden at under-18 and under-21 levels.

</doc>
<doc id="9874141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874141" title="Thomas Boddington">
Thomas Boddington

Thomas Boddington (3 June 1736 - 28 June 1821) was a political activist in London in the late 18th century. He lived in Clapton (then in Middlesex). Boddington was involved in the slave trade and active as part of the West India lobby, but also participated in other committees: The Committee for the Relief of the Black Poor, and the Committees for Repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts. He was a director of the Bank of England (1776-1810) and was on the Board of the London Dock Company. He worked at the Board of Ordnance based at the Tower of London from 1770, where he was the direct superior of Granville Sharp. Along with James Ware, Samuel Bosanquet and William Houlston, Boddington was involved in setting up the School for the Indigent Blind, St George's Fields, Southwark in 1799 housed in what used to be the notorious Dog and Duck tavern.
Both he and his brother, Benjamin Boddington were West Indian merchants, based in 17 Mark Lane, London. He retired in 1794, whereon his son, Benjamin Boddington, took his place
His daughter, Elizabeth, married Isaac Hawkins Browne, MP.

</doc>
<doc id="9874155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874155" title="Pomodoro">
Pomodoro

Pomodoro (Italian for "tomato") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874157" title="Alagappa Government Arts College">
Alagappa Government Arts College

Alagappa Government Arts College, Karaikudi in the Sivaganga District of Tamil Nadu, India, is a co-educational college started in 1947 by Dr. Alagappa with the motive of providing education to the underdeveloped areas in and around Karaikudi. It offers various graduate courses. It is affiliated with Alagappa University. It was earlier affiliated with Madurai Kamaraj University until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9874165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874165" title="English Tiddlywinks Association">
English Tiddlywinks Association

The English Tiddlywinks Association (ETwA) was founded at a meeting at Christ's College, University of Cambridge on 12 June 1958. Its objectives are to promote the game of tiddlywinks and coordinate winking activities in the United Kingdom. Daniel Wyatt from Carshalton is the current national champion.
ETwA concerns itself with the maintenance of the official rules of tiddlywinks,
arranging of tiddlywinks tournaments, and publishing of the journal Winking World which has been published roughly twice a year since 1961. An editor of Winking World was interviewed by Chris Evans on his BBC Radio Two show on 5 August 2008.
Under the auspices of the English Tiddlywinks Association several tournaments are held throughout the year including The National Singles, The National Pairs - the winners of which can enter the International Federation of Tiddlywinks Associations' World Pairs title - The ETwA National Teams of Four, The ETwA National Handicapped Individual Pairs, The Cambridge Open and The London Open. International players can participate in the ETwA tournaments. No ETwA tournament has a financial prize, although there are trophies. Results in all of these tournaments contribute to a player's World Rating.
The current ETwA team sponsor is Rapanui Clothing, who designed the new logo and supplied the official kit for the 2010 world championships in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="9874188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874188" title="Binayak">
Binayak

Binayak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874222" title="Scor (company)">
Scor (company)

Scor SE (officially typeset SCOR) is a French-based group of financial services companies, primarily focused on reinsurance. The main companies of the group include Scor Global P&C, which provides property and casualty reinsurance, Scor Global Life, which provides life reinsurance, and Scor Global Investments, an asset management company.
The firm became the world's fifth-largest reinsurer with the CHF 3.4 billion acquisition of Swiss peer Converium in 2007.
The firm's shares are listed on Euronext Paris and form part of the CAC Next 20 index. In 2007, Scor de-listed itself from the New York Stock Exchange.
On June 4, 2013, SCOR to acquire Generali U.S. and become U.S. Life reinsurance market leader.

</doc>
<doc id="9874229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874229" title="Football League Awards">
Football League Awards

The Football League Awards is an annual awards ceremony commemorating football-related people involved in the three divisions of the Football League. The event was established in 2006.
2006 Awards.
Date: 5 March 2006
Venue: Grosvenor House Hotel, London
2007 Awards.
Date: 4 March 2007
Venue: Grosvenor House Hotel, London'"
2008 Awards.
Date: 2 March 2008
Venue: Grosvenor House Hotel, London"'
2009 Awards.
Date: 29 March 2009
Venue: Grosvenor House Hotel, London'"
2010 Awards.
Date: 14 March 2010
Venue: Grosvenor House Hotel, London"'
2011 Awards.
Date: 20 March 2011
Venue: The Brewery, London'"
2012 Awards.
Date: 11 March 2012
Venue: The Brewery, London"'
2013 Awards.
Date: 24 March 2013
Venue: The Brewery, London'"
2014 Awards.
Date: 16 March 2014
Venue: The Brewery, London"'
Awards by Team.
"List updated for 2012."

</doc>
<doc id="9874231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874231" title="Peter Hill">
Peter Hill

Peter Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874244" title="Ganbaron">
Ganbaron

Synopsis.
Teru Tendou is a young reporter for the "Shonen Times". In times of trouble, he could transform into Ganbaron and save the day. The plot revolved mostly around Teru keeping his identity a secret from his friends.
The opening narration was "Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's Ganbaron! Faster than a Shinkansen! Stronger than Kaiju!" 
Similar to Tetsujin 28-go and Giant Robo, Ganbaron could call a giant robot named Daibaron ("big baron"). Unlike those two however, Daibaron was a combining robot similar to Getter Robo or Golion/Voltron.
The show was sponsored by Bullmark which advertised toys based on the show, such as the "Zincron Deluxe Daibaron".

</doc>
<doc id="9874252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874252" title="CKFU-FM">
CKFU-FM

CKFU-FM, branded as 100.1 Moose FM, is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting in Fort St. John, British Columbia. The station is one of the few commercial low power FM (LPFM) stations operating in Canada.
The station originally played a classic hits format, from the launch of the station in 2003 until March 12, 2009, when the station flipped to country. 100.1 Moose FM is the exclusive broadcaster for the Fort St. John Huskies hockey team and the Fort St. John Senior Flyers hockey club.
Russ Wagg, on behalf of a corporation to be incorporated (669375 B. C. Ltd.) received approval by the CRTC on February 12, 2003 and was launched on September 1 that same year.
The station also broadcasts online, and is listened to around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9874256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874256" title="Sungai Buloh Highway">
Sungai Buloh Highway

Sungai Buloh Highway or Jalan Sungai Buloh, Federal Route is a major highway in Klang Valley region, Selangor state, Malaysia. The highway has now been upgraded into six-lane carriageway. 

</doc>
<doc id="9874260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874260" title="Ellsworth Kalas">
Ellsworth Kalas

J. Ellsworth Kalas is the former president and a current professor of Asbury Theological Seminary in Wilmore, Kentucky. He also served as pastor for 38 years in the Wisconsin and Ohio Conferences of the United Methodist Church and was associated for 5 years with the World Methodist Council.
Education and career.
Kalas obtained his Bachelor of Science at University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1951; his Bachelor of Divinity at Garrett Theological Seminary in 1954; and did additional graduate studies at University of Wisconsin–Madison (1954-1955), and Harvard University (1955-1956). Dr. Kalas also holds honorary degrees from Lawrence University, Asbury Theological Seminary, and Kentucky Wesleyan College.
Kalas' tenure with Asbury began in 1993 and he has taught Preaching there since 2000. He is the author of multiple Bible Studies published by the United Methodist Publishing House as well as a groundbreaking study called "Christian Believer" which attempts to teach Methodist laity systematic theology.
His addition to the field of homiletics is the concept of the "Biographical Sermon", teaching a doctrine or biblical concept through the story of a real person's life. Biographical preaching can model methods for dealing with suffering and pain by telling the story of an exemplar's struggle with suffering and pain.
Books.
Kalas has authored over 35 different books and many additional published articles. As well as 13 adult study quarterlies for the United Methodist Publishing House. His most well-known works are:

</doc>
<doc id="9874279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874279" title="Diane Ellis">
Diane Ellis

Diane Ellis (December 20, 1909 – December 15, 1930) was an American actress.
Ellis worked as a secretary for the "Film Research Bureau" before being cast in several films. She made her film debut in 1927 in "Is Zat So?" in a featured role, which was followed by a co-starring role opposite Louise Fazenda in "The Cradle Snatchers". She played the romantic lead opposite Buck Jones in "Chain Lightning" (1927). "Happiness Ahead" (1928) was a high profile release, starring the popular actresses Colleen Moore and Lilyan Tashman.
"High Voltage" (1929) was a box-office success and Ellis' first full talking picture. It is also notable as the first "talkie" made by Carole Lombard. Ellis's final film, "Laughter" (1930), featured her in a romantic triangle along with Fredric March and Nancy Carroll. It was the biggest role of her career, and the film won critical acclaim; later in life March cited it as one of the favorites of his films.
On October 14, 1930, Ellis married Stephen Caldwell Millett Jr. in France, and it was during their honeymoon in India that she fell ill with an infection, and died in Madras.

</doc>
<doc id="9874282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874282" title="Queen Munjeong">
Queen Munjeong

Queen Munjeong (Hangul: 문정왕후, Hanja: 文定王后) (1 February 1502 – 29 December 1565) was the wife of King Jungjong of Joseon.
She was of the Papyeong Yun clan. She was regent for her son King Myeongjong when he was still too young to rule by himself until 1565. Known as a good administrator, she continued to rule even after he reached the age of majority. She gave out the land to common people that had been formerly owned by the nobility. It was only after her death that her son took over power.
She was given the posthumous title "Seongryeol Inmyeong Munjong Wanghu" (성렬인명문정왕후, 聖烈仁明文定王后).
Rise to Power.
According to unofficial chronicles, there is a tale of Munjeong finally showing love for her "adoptive" son King Injong, after decades of polite indifference (in reality behind-the-scenes hatred).
"As Injong went to pay his morning respects, Munjeong’s face started radiating with a smile only a mother could give to her child. Injong took it as a sign that the Queen Mother was finally acknowledging him as the king, and in particular as her own son. He ate the ddeok that his step-mother gave him, not knowing that it would be the beginning of the end. He fell ill slowly, not enough to create any suspicion, but quickly enough that historians would later pick up on the event. Three days passed before Injong mysteriously died (after only 9 months of rule)."
Queen Munjong’s son became King Myeongjong, while Munjeong became Queen Regent. The chronicles also tell that Munjeong was frequently visited by spirits at night after Injong’s death. So disturbed was she that she moved her residence from Gyeongbok Palace to Changdeok Palace.
Resurgence of Buddhism.
Munjeong was the most influential supporter of Buddhism during the early dynasty; indeed, she lifted the official ban on Buddhist worship and instigated an impressive resurgence of Buddhim.
Two proofs of her strong support of Buddhism still exist.
Buddhist Paintings.
During the time her son (the Royal Prince) fell ill, and at the same time her failure to produce another son, her concerns motivated her to order 400 Buddhist artworks (50 of which are in supplication for the recovery of the Royal Prince and the birth of another son). Also, the aim of the commission was to commemorate the opening of Hoeam Temple. The project was started in 1563 and was completed 2 years later. Unfortunately, the Royal Prince died before the commission's completion.
The massive commission involved 100 scrolls on each of 4 triads:
In each set of 100, 50 were executed in colors and gold, the other 50 in gold only.
As of 2009, only 6 of the commissioned 400 are still extant.
Buddhist temples.
Buddhist temples served as another proof of Munjeong's zealous aim of the revival of Buddhism. The cornerstone of the revival of Buddhism is the Bongeun-sa Temple (a major center of Zen Buddhism).
Bongeun-sa was established in 794 by Ven. Yeon-hoe, and was originally called Gyeonseong-sa. It was rebuilt in 1498 (by Munjeong's patronage) and renamed Bongeun-sa; in 1562 it was moved about 1 km to its current location and rebuilt. Its fate will be destruction by fire (1592 and 1637) and repetitive rebuilding and renovations (1637, 1692, 1912, 1941, and 1981). A three-story stone stupa enshrines the Sari of Sakyamuni Buddha, brought from Sri Lanka in 1975.
The temple fell into decline during the late Goryeo era, but was reconstructed in 1498. Before the reconstruction, Buddhism fell under severe state-imposed oppression as the government maintained Neo-Confucianism as the sole state ideal. With Munjeong's strong support for the re-awakening of Buddhism, she reconstructed Bongeun-sa and it was to become a cornerstone for early-Joseon Buddhist revival.
Ven. Bo-woo played a key role at this critical period, having been assigned as the Chief Monk of Bongeun-sa in 1548. He revived an official system of training and selecting monks in both the Seon (meditation) and Gyo (doctrinal, scholastic) sects of Korean Buddhism. In 1551, Bongeun-sa became the main temple of the Jogye Seon Order, then soon became the main base for the overall restoration of Korean Buddhism. This revived training system produced such illustrious monks as Ven. Seo-san, Ven. Sa-myeong, and Ven. Byeok-am. However, after Munjeong died, Ven. Bo-woo was killed by anti-Buddhist officials.

</doc>
<doc id="9874313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874313" title="Ian Wooldridge">
Ian Wooldridge

Ian Wooldridge, OBE (14 January 1932 – 4 March 2007) was a British sports journalist. He was with the "Daily Mail" for nearly 50 years. He died from cancer. His memorial service was at the Guards Chapel, Wellington Barracks, London on Wednesday 27 June 2007.
Biography.
Born in New Milton, Hampshire, Wooldridge left Brockenhurst Grammar School with two school certificates, for English and art.
After National Service and an apprenticeship on newspapers in New Milton and Bournemouth, he became a reporter on the News Chronicle in 1956. After a spell with the Sunday Dispatch, he moved to the Daily Mail, which absorbed the "News Chronicle" in 1960
Early Fleet Street career.
Initially a cricket correspondent at the "Mail", from 1972 Wooldridge wrote a weekly column which spread to other sports. He covered 10 Olympic Games, including the Sarajevo Winter Olympics in 1984. Writing before these games, he predicted a tragedy, but changed his mind after being there, saying they were amongst the best he had ever seen. In 1972 he covered the Munich Olympics and caused resentment among British runners with a brutish and insensitive attack on David Bedford - it emerged that Wooldridge had had to take some ribbing from foreign journalists over Bedford's failure in the 10,000 metres. His last Games were in Sydney in 2000, as well as Wimbledon tennis championships, heavyweight world title bouts, football World Cups, Open and US Masters golf championships and America's Cups for the paper. His America's Cup reporting opened the sport to a wide audience other than sailing enthusiasts. He was assisted by PR and friend David Redfern, of whom Wooldridge said " with his help, the eyes of Coronation Street as well as the Squadron are on the Cup" but in reality it was Ian's writing and interest that was the key.
He branched into other areas, writing on a revolution in Portugal, flying with the RAF's Red Arrows, riding the Cresta Run, sparring with Ugandan dictator Idi Amin and running the bulls at Pamplona. He was newspaper columnist of the year twice, sportswriter of the year five times and sports feature writer of the year four times. 
Wooldridge's first job was on the "New Milton Advertiser", covering the funeral of a coal merchant; he intercepted every mourner to write down his or her name - holding up the interment by more than half an hour.
According to his obituary in the "Daily Telegraph", Wooldridge was sent to Alaska to cover the 1,100-mile dog sled race from Anchorage to Nome, travelling with a photographer in a one-engine aircraft steered by an old bush pilot. "You slept where you could," Wooldridge later recalled. "In trappers' huts with bare wire bedsteads to sleep on, cooking up horsemeat over a fire... We stayed with Eskimo families, Indian families - there were no hotels."
Wooldridge ghosted a syndicated column for the golfer, Max Faulkner. Once, needing a good anecdote about Faulkner's Open success, he invented a story about the golfer just before he had teed off in the final round: Faulkner, Wooldridge wrote, had scrawled "Open Champion 1949" on a ball which he handed to a young autograph hunter. Years later Wooldridge met the American writer George Plimpton, who had come across the story. "Great tale," said Plimpton admiringly. "Total nonsense," Ian replied.
Television career.
Ian made over 120 documentaries for various broadcasters including the BBC. Titles include:
Wooldridge on Whiskey; In the Highest Tradition; The Great Fishing Race; Behind the Lines; Trooping the Colour; The British Challenge for the America's Cup 1983
His heyday was during the late 70's and early 80's. He also did a lot of voice overs, most memorably for the British Gas advert that involved a baby swimming under water.
Opposition to apartheid.
Wooldridge was an anti-apartheid advocate, supporting sportswriter John Arlott at the Cambridge Union in 1969 in speaking against sport with South Africa.
His opposition dated to his first cricket tour to South Africa. During the Port Elizabeth Test match, black South Africans were not only refused entry but beaten up by police. Because of problems with telephones, Wooldridge had to contact his London office from the committee room. Frank Keating, in "The Guardian", recalled: "He had written his piece; now he had to read it at the top of his voice in the presence of about 30 hard-faced members of the republic's ruling "broederband"... as all 30 pairs of ears listened in the chilly, unwelcoming atmosphere, he took a deep breath and dictated: 'The wretchedly awful face of apartheid was displayed here today when...'"
Awards.
In the British Press Awards he was Columnist of the Year in 1975 and 1976; and Sportswriter of the Year in 1972, 1974, 1981 and 1989. The Sports Journalists' Association made him Sportswriter of the Year for 1986, 1987 and 1995; and it chose him as Sports Feature Writer of the Year in 1990 and 1996. As Alan Sugar remarked during a libel action against the Daily Mail, journalists' award were decided by fellow journalists and "were like a lot of thieves deciding who pulled off the best bank job of the year."
In May 2006, he won the London Press Club's Edgar Wallace award for outstanding reporting. The Press Club's chairman, Donald Trelford, described Wooldridge as "more than just a sports writer, he is a journalist of the highest calibre and a master of the written word".
Hugh McIlvanney, in the "Sunday Times", wrote that:
It is an honour to have worked in the same era as Ian Wooldridge, a precious privilege to have known him as a friend for more than 40 years. Though he would have snorted at the suggestion, he repeatedly pulled off the minor miracle of making our way of getting a living seem like a proper job for a grown-up person.
His youngest son, Max Wooldridge, is a UK-based travel writer.

</doc>
<doc id="9874319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874319" title="Criticism of Google">
Criticism of Google

Criticism of Google includes alleged misuse and manipulation of search results, its use of others' intellectual property, concerns that its compilation of data may violate people's privacy, censorship of search results and content, and the energy consumption of its servers as well as concerns over traditional business issues such as antitrust, monopoly, and restraint of trade.
Google Inc. is an American multinational public corporation invested in Internet search, cloud computing, and advertising technologies. Google hosts and develops a number of Internet-based services and products, and generates profit primarily from advertising through its AdWords program.
Google's stated mission is ""to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful""; this mission, and the means used to accomplish it, have raised concerns among the company's critics. Much of the criticism pertains to issues that have not yet been addressed by cyber law.
Page rank.
Possible misuse of search results.
In 2007, a group of Austrian researchers observed a tendency to misuse the Google engine as a "reality interface". Ordinary users as well as journalists tend to rely on the first pages of Google search, assuming that everything not listed there is either not important or merely does not exist. The researchers say that "Google has become the main interface for our whole reality. To be precise: with the Google interface the user gets the impression that the search results imply a kind of totality. In fact, one only sees a small part of what one could see if one also integrates other research tools".
Eric Schmidt, Google's chief executive, said in a 2007 interview with the "Financial Times": "The goal is to enable Google users to be able to ask the question such as 'What shall I do tomorrow?' and 'What job shall I take?'". Schmidt reaffirmed this during a 2010 interview with the Wall Street Journal: "I actually think most people don't want Google to answer their questions, they want Google to tell them what they should be doing next."
Danger of page rank manipulation.
The page ranking algorithm of Google can and has been manipulated for political and humorous reasons. To illustrate the view that Google's search engine could be subjected to manipulation, Google Watch implemented a Google bomb by linking the phrase "out-of-touch executives" to Google's own page on its corporate management. The attempt was mistakenly attributed to disgruntled Google employees by "The New York Times", which later printed a correction.
Daniel Brandt started the Google Watch website and has criticized Google's PageRank algorithms, saying that they discriminate against new websites and favor established sites.
Chris Beasley started Google Watch Watch and disagrees, saying that Mr. Brandt overstates the amount of discrimination that new websites face and that new websites will naturally rank lower when the ranking is based on a site's "reputation". In Google's world a site's reputation is in part determined by how many and which other sites link to it (links from sites with a "better" reputation of their own carry more weight). Since new sites will seldom be as heavily linked as older more established sites, they aren't as well known, won't have as much of a reputation, and will receive a lower page ranking.
In testimony before a U.S. Senate antitrust panel in September 2011, Jeffrey Katz, the chief executive of NexTag, said that Google's business interests conflict with its engineering commitment to an open-for-all Internet and that: "Google doesn't play fair. Google rigs its results, biasing in favor of Google Shopping and against competitors like us." Jeremy Stoppelman, the chief of Yelp, said sites like his have to cooperate with Google because it is the gateway to so many users and "Google then gives its own product preferential treatment." In earlier testimony at the same hearing Eric Schmidt, Google's chairman, said that Google does not "cook the books" to favor its own products and services.
Page ranking related lawsuits.
In 2006, the parental advice Internet site Kinderstart.com sued Google for setting its Page rank to zero, claiming that the reset caused the site to lose 70 percent of its audience. In this lawsuit, it was stated, that "Google does not generally inform Web sites that they have been penalized nor does it explain in detail why the Web site was penalized". Kinderstart claimed that they were penalized for being a Google competitor (setting up the search engine). Kinderstart has formally lost the process (while their rank seems to be no longer zero). Google Incorporated claims that allowing one to win such process would set a dangerous precedent, encouraging other penalized sites to protest as well.
Numerous companies and individuals, for example, MyTriggers.com and transport tycoon Sir Brian Souter have voiced concerns regarding the fairness of Google's PageRank and search results after their web sites disappeared from Google's first-page results. In the case of MyTriggers.com, the Ohio-based shopping comparison search site accused Google of favoring its own services in search results (although the judge eventually ruled that the site failed to show harm to other similar businesses).
Abandonment of unbiased rankings for Google Shopping.
In late May 2012, Google announced that they will no longer be maintaining a strict separation between search results and advertising. Google Shopping will be replaced with a nearly identical interface, according to the announcement, but only paid advertisers will be listed instead of the neutral aggregate listings shown previously. Furthermore, rankings will be determined primarily by which advertisers place the highest "bid," though the announcement does not elaborate on this process. The transition will be complete in the fall of 2012.
As a result of this change to Google Shopping, Microsoft, who operates the competing search engine Bing, launched a public information campaign titled Scroogled. The ad campaign was developed by leading political campaign strategist Mark Penn.
It is unclear how consumers will react to this move. Critics charge that Google has effectively abandoned its "Don't be evil" motto and that small businesses will be unable to compete against their larger counterparts. There is also concern that consumers who didn't see this announcement will be unaware that they're now looking at paid advertisements and that the top results are no longer determined solely based on relevance but instead will be manipulated according to which company paid the most.
Copyright issues.
Google Print, Books, and Library.
Google's ambitious plans to scan millions of books and make them readable through its search engine have been criticized for copyright infringment. The Association for Learned and Professional Society Publishers and the Association of American University Presses both issued statements strongly opposing Google Print, stating that "Google, an enormously successful company, claims a sweeping right to appropriate the property of others for its own commercial use unless it is told, case by case and instance by instance, not to."
Authors Guild and Association of American Publishers lawsuit.
On September 20, 2005, the Authors Guild, a group that represents 8,000 U.S. authors, filed a class action suit in federal court in Manhattan against Google over its unauthorized scanning and copying of books through its Google Library program. Google responded that its use was a fair use because they were only showing "snippets" for books where they did not have permission from a rightsholder and was in compliance with all existing and historical applications of copyright laws regarding books. Google temporarily suspended scanning copyrighted works to allow for changes to its program and allow copyright owners to submit lists of books they wished to be excluded. In the Spring of 2006 the parties began negotiations in hopes of settling the lawsuit.
On October 28, 2008, Google announced a proposed agreement with the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers in which Google would pay $125 million to settle the lawsuit. The agreement also included licensing provisions, allowing Google to sell personal and institutional subscriptions to its database of books. On November 9, 2009, the parties filed an amended settlement agreement after the U.S. Department of Justice filed a brief suggesting that the initial agreement may violate US anti-trust laws. Following a Fairness Hearing in February, on March 22, 2011 supervising judge Denny Chin issued a ruling rejecting the settlement. Chin urged that the settlement be revised from "opt-out" to "opt-in" and set a date for a "status conference" at which to discuss next steps.
On November 14, 2013, Judge Chin issued a ruling dismissing the lawsuit, saying that Google's use of the works was a "fair use" under copyright law. The executive director of the Authors Guild, said in an interview that the result was "obviously disappointing" and that the authors would appeal. Google said it was "delighted" with the outcome.
Chinese writers.
In a separate dispute in November 2009, the China Written Works Copyright Society (CWWCS), which protects Chinese writers' copyrights, accused Google of scanning 18,000 books by 570 Chinese writers without authorization, for its Google Books library. Toward the end of 2009 representatives of the CWWCS said talks with Google about copyright issues are progressing well, that first they "want Google to admit their mistake and apologize", then talk about compensation, while at the same time they "don't want Google to give up China in its digital library project". On 20 November 2009, Google agreed to provide a list of Chinese books it had scanned, but did not admit having "infringed" copyright laws. In a 9 January 2010 statement the head of Google Books in the Asia-Pacific said "communications with Chinese writers have not been good enough" and apologized to the writers.
Mian Mian lawsuit.
And, in December 2009, Chinese writer Mian Mian filed a lawsuit against the company, for scanning her entire novel without notifying her or paying her for copyright permission. Google removed Mian's work from its online library shortly after learning of the suit. In January 2013 a Chinese court ordered Google to pay Mian compensation of 5,000 yuan (US$800) for scanning her works without permission.
Links and cached data.
Kazaa and the Church of Scientology have used the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to demand that Google remove references to allegedly copyrighted material on their sites.
Search engines such as Google's that link to sites in "good faith" fall under the safe harbor provisions of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act which is part of DMCA. If they remove links to infringing content after receiving a take down notice, they are not liable. And Google does remove links to infringing content when requested, providing supporting evidence is supplied. However, it is sometimes difficult to judge whether or not certain sites are infringing and Google (and other search engines) will sometimes refuse to remove web pages from its index. To complicate matters there have been conflicting rulings from U.S. courts on whether simply linking to infringing content constitutes "contributory infringement" or not.
"The New York Times" has complained that the caching of their content during a web crawl, a feature utilized by search engines including Google Web Search, violates copyright. Google observes Internet standard mechanisms for requesting that caching be disabled via the robots.txt file, which is another mechanism that allows operators of a website to request that part or all of their site not be included in search engine results, or via META tags, which allow a content editor to specify whether a document can be crawled or archived, or whether the links on the document can be followed. The U.S. District Court of Nevada ruled that Google's caches do not constitute copyright infringement under American law in "Field v. Google" and "Parker v. Google".
Google Map Maker.
Google Map Maker allows user contributed data to be put into the Google Maps service, similar to OpenStreetMap it includes concepts such as organising mapping parties and mapping for humanitarian efforts. It has been criticised for taking work done for free by the general public and claiming commercial ownership of it without returning any contributions back to the commons as their restrictive license makes it incompatible with most open projects by preventing commercial use or use by competitive services.
Privacy.
Google's March 1, 2012 privacy change enables the company to share data across a wide variety of services. This includes embedded services in millions of third-party websites using Adsense and Analytics. The policy was widely criticized as creating an environment that discourages Internet innovation by making Internet users more fearful online.
On December 2009, after privacy concerns were raised, Google's CEO, Eric Schmidt, declared: "If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place. If you really need that kind of privacy, the reality is that search engines—including Google—do retain this information for some time and it's important, for example, that we are all subject in the United States to the Patriot Act and it is possible that all that information could be made available to the authorities."
Privacy International has raised concerns regarding the dangers and privacy implications of having a centrally located, widely popular data warehouse of millions of Internet users' searches, and how under controversial existing U.S. law, Google can be forced to hand over all such information to the U.S. government. In its 2007 Consultation Report, Privacy International ranked Google as "Hostile to Privacy", its lowest rating on their report, making Google the only company in the list to receive that ranking.
At the Techonomy conference in 2010, Eric Schmidt predicted that "true transparency and no anonymity" is the way forward for the internet: "In a world of asynchronous threats it is too dangerous for there not to be some way to identify you. We need a name service for people. Governments will demand it." He also said that "If I look at enough of your messaging and your location, and use artificial intelligence, we can predict where you are going to go. Show us 14 photos of yourself and we can identify who you are. You think you don't have 14 photos of yourself on the internet? You've got Facebook photos!"
Potential for data disclosure.
Data leaks.
On March 10, 2009, Google reported, for example, that a bug in Google Docs had allowed unintended access to some private documents. It was believed that 0.05% of all documents stored via the service were affected by the bug. Google claims the bug has now been fixed.
Cookies.
Google, like most search engines, places a cookie, which can be used to track a person's search history, on each registered user's computer. Google uses the cookies to maintain user preferences between sessions and offer other search features. Originally the cookie did not expire until 2038, although it could be manually deleted by the user or refused by setting a browser preference. As of 2007, Google's cookie expired in two years, but renewed itself whenever a Google service is used. And more recently Google anonymizes its IP data after nine months and its cookies after 18 months.
The non-profit group Public Information Research launched Google Watch, a website advertised as "a look at Google's monopoly, algorithms, and privacy issues." The site raised questions relating to Google's storage of cookies, which in 2007 had a life span of more than 32 years and incorporated a unique ID that enabled creation of a user data log. Google has also faced criticism with its release of Google Buzz, Google's version of social networking, where Gmail users had their contact lists automatically made public unless they opted out.
Google shares this information with law enforcement and other government agencies upon receiving a properly authorized request.
Tracking.
Google is suspected of collecting and aggregating data about Internet users through the various tools it provides to developers, such as Google Analytics, Google Fonts, and Google APIs. This could enable Google to determine a user's route through the Internet by tracking the IP address being used through successive sites (cross-domain web tracking). Linked to other information made available through Google APIs, which are widely used, Google might be able to provide a quite complete web user profile linked to an IP address or user. This kind of data is invaluable for marketing agencies, and for Google itself to increase the efficiency of its own marketing and advertising activities.
Google is encouraging developers to use their tools and to communicate end-user IP addresses to Google: "Developers are also encouraged to make use of the userip parameter to supply the IP address of the end-user on whose behalf you are making the API request. Doing so will help distinguish this legitimate server-side traffic from traffic which doesn't come from an end-user."
Gmail.
Steve Ballmer, Liz Figueroa, Mark Rasch, and the editors of Google Watch believe the processing of email message content by Google's Gmail service goes beyond proper use.
Google Inc. claims that mail sent to or from Gmail is never read by a human being other than the account holder, and content that is read by computers is only used to improve the relevance of advertisements and block spam emails. The privacy policies of other popular email services, like Outlook.com and Yahoo, allow users' personal information to be collected and utilized for advertising purposes.
In 2004, thirty-one privacy and civil liberties organizations wrote a letter calling upon Google to suspend its Gmail service until the privacy issues were adequately addressed. The letter also called upon Google to clarify its written information policies regarding data retention and data sharing among its business units. The organizations voiced their concerns about Google's plan to scan the text of all incoming messages for the purposes of ad placement, noting that the scanning of confidential email for inserting third party ad content violates the implicit trust of an email service provider.
In 2013, Microsoft launched an advertising campaign to attack Google for scanning email messages, arguing that most consumers are not aware that Google monitors their personal messages to deliver targeted ads. Microsoft claims that its email service Outlook does not scan the contents of messages and a Microsoft spokesperson called the issue of privacy "Google's kryptonite." Other concerns include the unlimited period for data retention that Google's policies allow, and the potential for unintended secondary uses of the information Gmail collects and stores.
A court filing uncovered by advocacy group Consumer Watchdog in August 2013 revealed that Google stated in a court filing that no "reasonable expectation" exists among Gmail users in regard to the assured confidentiality of their emails. According to the British Newspaper, The Guardian, "Google's court filing was referring to users of other email providers who email Gmail users – and not to the Gmail users themselves". In response to a lawsuit filed in May 2013, Google explained:
"... all users of email must necessarily expect that their emails will be subject to automated processing ... Just as a sender of a letter to a business colleague cannot be surprised that the recipient's assistant opens the letter, people who use web-based email today cannot be surprised if their communications are processed by the recipient's ECS communications service provider in the course of delivery.
A Google spokesperson stated to the media on August 15, 2013 that the corporation takes the privacy and security concerns of Gmail users "very seriously."
Ties to the CIA and NSA.
In February 2010, Google was reported to be working on an agreement with the National Security Agency (NSA) to investigate recent attacks against its network. And, while the deal did not give NSA access to Google's data on users' searches or e-mail communications and accounts and Google was not sharing proprietary data with the agency, privacy and civil rights advocates were concerned.
In October 2004, Google acquired Keyhole, a 3D mapping company. In February 2004, before its acquisition by Google, Keyhole received an investment from In-Q-Tel, the CIA's investment arm. And in July 2010 it was reported that the investment arms of both the CIA (In-Q-Tel) and Google (Google Ventures) were investing in Recorded Future, a company specializing in predictive analytics—monitoring the web in real time and using that information to predict the future. And, while private corporations have been using similar systems since the 1990s, the involvement of Google and the CIA with their large data stores raised privacy concerns.
In 2011, a federal district court judge in the United States turned down a Freedom of Information Act request, submitted by the Electronic Privacy Information Center. In May 2012, a Court of Appeals upheld the ruling. The request attempted to disclose NSA records regarding the 2010 cyber-attack on Google users in China. The NSA stated that revealing such information would make the US Government information systems vulnerable to attack. The NSA refused to confirm or deny the existence of the records, or the existence of any relationship between the NSA and Google.
Leaked NSA documents obtained by "The Guardian"
and "The Washington Post" in June 2013 included Google in the list of companies that cooperate with the NSA's PRISM surveillance program, which authorizes the government to secretly access data of non-US citizens hosted by American companies without a warrant. Following the leak, government officials acknowledged the existence of the program. According to the leaked documents, the NSA has direct access to servers of those companies, and the amount of data collected through the program had been growing fast in years prior to the leak. Google has denied the existence of any "government backdoor".
Government requests.
Google has been criticized both for disclosing too much information to governments too quickly and for not disclosing information that governments need to enforce their laws. In April 2010, Google, for the first time, released details about how often countries around the world ask it to hand over user data or to censor information. Online tools make the updated data available to everyone.
Between July and December 2009, Brazil topped the list for user data requests with 3,663, while the US made 3,580, the UK 1,166, and India 1,061. Brazil also made the largest number of requests to remove content with 291, followed by Germany with 188, India with 142, and the US with 123. Google, who stopped offering search services in China a month before the data was released, said it could not release information on requests from the Chinese government because such information is regarded as a state secret.
Google's chief legal officer said, "The vast majority of these requests are valid and the information needed is for legitimate criminal investigations or for the removal of child pornography".
Google Chrome.
In 2008 Consumer Watchdog produced a video showing how Google Chrome
records what a user types into the web address field and sends that
information to Google servers to populate search suggestions. The video includes discussion regarding the potential privacy implications of this feature.
Google Chrome's incognito browsing mode.
Google Chrome includes a private browsing feature called "incognito browsing mode" that prevents the browser from permanently storing any browsing or download history information or cookies. Using incognito mode prevents tracking by the browser. However, the individual websites visited can still track and store information about visits. In particular any searches performed while signed into a Google account will be saved as part of the account's web history. In addition, other programs such as those used to stream media files, which are invoked from within Chrome, may still record history information, even when incognito mode is being used. Furthermore, a limitation of Apple's iOS 7 platform allows some information from incognito browser windows to leak to regular Chrome browser windows. There are concerns that these limitations may lead Chrome users to believe that incognito mode provides more privacy protection than it actually does.
Street View.
Google's online map service, "Street View", has been accused of taking pictures and viewing too far into people's private homes and/or too close to people on the street when they do not know they are being photographed.
Information collection from WiFi networks.
During 2006–2010, Google Streetview camera cars collected about 600 gigabytes of data from users of unencrypted public and private Wi-Fi networks in more than 30 countries. No disclosures nor privacy policy was given to those affected, nor to the owners of the Wi-Fi stations.
Google apologised and said that they were "acutely aware that we failed badly here" in terms of privacy protection, that they were not aware of the problem until an inquiry from German regulators was received, that the private data was collected inadvertently, and that none of the private data was used in Google's search engine or other services. A representative of Consumer Watchdog replied, "Once again, Google has demonstrated a lack of concern for privacy. Its computer engineers run amok, push the envelope and gather whatever data they can until their fingers are caught in the cookie jar." In a sign that legal penalties may result, Google said it will not destroy the data until permitted by regulators.
The Streetview data collection prompted several lawsuits in the United States. The suits were consolidated into one case before a California federal court. Google's motion to have the case dismissed, saying the Wi-Fi communications it captured were "readily accessible to the general public" and therefore not a violation of federal wiretapping laws, was rejected in June 2011 by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California and upon appeal in September 2013 by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The ruling is viewed as a major legal setback for Google and allows the case to move back to the lower court for trial.
Currently Google no longer collects wi-fi data via streetview, they now use the Android devices Wi-Fi positioning system, however they have suggested the creation of a unified approach for opting-out from taking part in Wi-Fi-based positioning systems. Suggesting the usage of the word "_nomap" append to a wireless access point's SSID to exclude it from Google's WPS database.
Google Buzz.
On February 9, 2010, Google launched Google Buzz, Google's microblogging service. Anyone with a Gmail account was automatically added as a contact to pre-existing Gmail contacts, and had to opt out if they did not wish to participate.
The launch of Google Buzz as an "opt-out" social network immediately drew criticism for violating user privacy because it automatically allowed Gmail users' contacts to view their other contacts.
Real names, Google+, and Nymwars.
Google Plus (G+) was launched in late June 2011. The new service gained 20 million members in just a few weeks. At the time of launch, the site's user content and conduct policy stated, "To help fight spam and prevent fake profiles, use the name your friends, family or co-workers usually call you." Starting in July 2011, Google began enforcing this policy by suspending the accounts of those who used pseudonyms. Starting in August 2011, Google provided a four-day grace period before enforcing the real name policy and suspending accounts. The four days allowed members time to change their pen name to their real name. The policy extends to new accounts for all of Google services, including Gmail and YouTube, although accounts existing before the new policy are not required to be updated. In late January 2012 Google began allowing members to use nicknames, maiden names, and other "established" names in addition to their common or real names.
According to Google, the real name policy makes Google more like the real world. People can find each other more easily, like a phone book. The real name policy protects children and young adults from cyber-bullying, as those bullies hide behind pen names.
A number of high-profile commentators have publicly criticized Google's policies, including technologists Jamie Zawinski, Kevin Marks, and Robert Scoble and organisations such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Criticisms have been wide-ranging, for example:
YouTube and Viacom.
On July 14, 2008, Viacom compromised to protect YouTube users' personal data in their $1 billion copyright lawsuit. Google agreed it will anonymize user information and internet protocol addresses from its YouTube subsidiary before handing the data over to Viacom. The privacy deal also applied to other litigants including the FA Premier League, the Rodgers & Hammerstein organization and the Scottish Premier League. The deal however did not extend the anonymity to employees, because Viacom wishes to prove that Google staff are aware of the uploading of illegal material to the site. The parties therefore will further meet on the matter lest the data be made available to the court.
Do Not Track.
In April 2011, Google was criticized for not signing onto the Do Not Track feature for Chrome that is being incorporated in most other modern web browsers, including Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera. Critics pointed out that a new patent Google was granted in April 2011, for greatly enhanced user tracking through web advertising, will provide much more detailed information on user behavior and that "do not track" would hurt Google's ability to exploit this. Software reviewer Kurt Bakke of "Conceivably Tech" wrote:
Google said that it intends to charge advertisers based on click-through rates, certain user activities and a pay-for-performance model. The entire patent seems to fit Google's recent claims that Chrome is critical for Google to maintain search dominance through its Chrome web browser and Chrome OS and was described as a tool to lock users to Google's search engine and – ultimately – its advertising services. So, how likely is it that Google will follow the do-not-track trend? Not very likely.
Mozilla developer Asa Dotzler noted: "It seems pretty obvious to me that the Chrome team is bowing to pressure from Google's advertising business and that's a real shame. I had hoped they'd demonstrate a bit more independence than that."
At the time of the criticisms, Google argued that the technology is useless, as advertisers are not required to obey the user's tracking preferences and it remains unclear as to what constitutes tracking (as opposed to storing statistical data or user preferences). As an alternative, Google continues to offer an extension called "Keep My Opt-Outs" that permanently prevents advertising companies from installing cookies on the user's computer.
The reaction to this extension was mixed. Paul Thurrott of "Windows IT Pro" called the extension "much, much closer to what I've been asking for—i.e. something that just works and doesn't require the user to figure anything out—than the IE or Firefox solutions" while lamenting the fact that the extension is not included as part of the browser itself.
In February 2012, Google announced that Chrome will incorporate a "Do Not Track" feature by the end of 2012, and it was implemented in early November 2012.
Scroogle.
Scroogle was a web service that allowed users to perform Google searches anonymously. It focused heavily on searcher privacy by blocking Google cookies and not saving log files. The service was launched in 2003 by Google critic Daniel Brandt, who was concerned about Google collecting personal information on its users.
Scroogle offered a web interface and browser plugins for Firefox, Google Chrome, and Internet Explorer that allowed users to run Google searches anonymously. The service scraped Google search results, removing ads and sponsored links. Only the raw search results were returned, meaning features such as page preview were not available. For added security, Scroogle gave users the option of having all communication between their computer and the search page be SSL encrypted.
Although Scroogle's activities technically violated Google's terms of service, Google generally tolerated its existence, whitelisting the site on multiple occasions. After 2005, the service encountered rapid growth before running into a series of problems starting in 2010. In February 2012, the service was permanently shut down by its creator due to a combination of throttling of search requests by Google and a denial-of-service attack by an unknown person or group.
Before its demise, Scroogle handled around 350,000 queries daily, ranked among the top 4,000 sites worldwide and in the top 2500 for the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and other countries in web traffic.
Google Nest.
After Google acquisition of home automation company Nest Labs, in 7 May 2014 German activist group Peng! Collective released a parody website named "Google Nest", satirizing Google’s privacy policies and practices with fake products imitating Google art style, supposedly created as a result "of an intensive period of studying user behavior" in response to the "public debate around privacy and government surveillance". The site described four purported new services lampooning Google’s data gathering tendencies made possible with Nest's technology: "Google Trust, Google Hug, Google Bee" and "Google Bye", respectively a "data insurance" paid with personal data, a location service encouraging in-person emotional interactions, a "personal drone", and a memorial website created from automatically collected information.
The next day, Google trademark lawyers issued a cease-and-desist letter to Peng, asking them to change the site and to transfer the domain name to Google. The site replaced its content with a note explaining the situation, and the Electronic Frontier Foundation responded on behalf of Peng with a public letter saying that noncommercial political commentary is not prohibited under trademark law, and that the site wouldn't likely be confused after the ample press coverage received.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) compliance.
Google has been criticized by some for the way it implements support for the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) because of its "biased" terms of service on YouTube and its "heavy-handed" ways of enforcing the law. According to Google's Privacy Policy, children under 13 aren't allowed to use any Google services, including Gmail.
Privacy and data protection cases and issues by state.
European Union.
European Union (EU) data protection officials (the Article 29 working party who advise the EU on privacy policy) have written to Google asking the company to justify its policy of keeping information on individuals' internet searches for up to two years. The letter questioned whether Google has "fulfilled all the necessary requirements" on the EU laws concerning data protection. the probe by the EU into the data protection issue is continuing. On 31 May 2007, Google agreed that its privacy policy is vague, and that they are constantly working at making it clearer to users.
After Google merged its different privacy policies into a single one in March 2012, the working group of all European Union Data Protection Authorities assessed that it failed to comply with the EU legal framework. Several countries then opened cases to investigate possible breach of their privacy rules.
Google has also been implicated in "Google Spain v AEPD and Mario Costeja González", a Spanish Audiencia Nacional and European Court of Justice case that decided Google must comply with the European privacy laws (i.e., the Data Protection Directive) and allow allow users to be forgotten when operating in the European Union.
Czech Republic.
Starting in 2010, after more than five months of unsuccessful negotiations with Google, the Czech Office for Personal Data Protection has prevented Street View from taking pictures of new locations. The Office described Google's program as taking pictures "beyond the extent of the ordinary sight from a street", and claimed that it "disproportionately invaded citizens' privacy."
France.
In January 2014, the French authority, CNIL, sanctionned Google to pay its highest fee and to display on its search engine web site a banner referring to the decision. Google complied, yet will appeal to the supreme court of administrative justice, the Conseil d'Etat.
Germany.
In May 2010, Google was unable to meet a deadline set by Hamburg's data protection supervisor to hand over data illegally collected from unsecured home wireless networks. Google added, "We hope, given more time, to be able to resolve this difficult issue." The data was turned over to German, French, and Spanish authorities in early June 2010.
In November 2010, vandals in Germany targeted houses that had opted out of Google's Street View.
In April 2011, Google announced that it will not expand its Street View program in Germany, but what has already been shot–around 20 cities' worth of pictures–will remain available. This decision came in spite of an earlier Berlin State Supreme Court ruling that Google's Street View program was legal.
Italy.
Google vs. Vividown: In February 2010, in a complaint brought by an Italian advocacy group for people with Down's Syndrome, Vividown, and the boy's father, three Google executives were handed six-month suspended sentences for breach of the Italian Personal Data Protection Code in relation to a video, uploaded to Google Video in 2006, of a disabled boy being bullied by several classmates. In December 2012, these convictions and sentences were overturned on appeal.
Norway.
The Data Inspectorate of Norway (Norway is not a member of the EU) has investigated Google (and others) and has stated that the 18- to 24-month period for retaining data proposed by Google was too long.
United States.
In early 2005, the United States Department of Justice filed a motion in federal court to force Google to comply with a subpoena for "the text of each search string entered onto Google's search engine over a two-month period (absent any information identifying the person who entered such query)." Google fought the subpoena, due to concerns about users' privacy. In March 2006, the court ruled partially in Google's favor, recognizing the privacy implications of turning over search terms and refusing to grant access.
In April 2008 a Pittsburgh couple, Aaron and Christine Boring, sued Google for "invasion of privacy". They claimed that Street View made a photo of their home available online, and it diminished the value of their house, which was purchased for its privacy. They lost their case in a Pennsylvania court. "While it is easy to imagine that many whose property appears on Google's virtual maps resent the privacy implications, it is hard to believe that any – other than the most exquisitely sensitive – would suffer shame or humiliation," Judge Hay ruled; the Boring family was paid one dollar by Google for the incident.
In May 2010, a U.S. District Court in Portland, Oregon ordered Google to hand over two copies of wireless data that the company's Street View program collected as it photographed neighborhoods.
In 2012 and 2013 Google reached two settlements over tracking consumers online without their knowledge after bypassing privacy settings in Apple’s Safari browser. The first was an August 2012 settlement for $22.5 million with the Federal Trade Commission (the largest civil penalty in F.T.C. history). The second was a November 2013 settlement for $17 million with 37 states and the District of Columbia. In addition to the fines, Google agreed to avoid using software that overrides a browser's cookie-blocking settings, to avoid omitting or misrepresenting information to consumers about how they use Google products or control the ads they see, to maintain for five years a web page explaining what cookies are and how to control them, and to ensure that the cookies tied to Safari browsers expire. In both settlements Google denied any wrongdoing, but said it discontinued circumventing the settings early in 2012, after the practice was publicly reported, and stopped tracking Safari users and showing them personalized ads.
Censorship.
Google has been criticized for various instances of censoring its search results, many times in compliance with the laws of various countries, most notably while it operated in China from January 2006 to March 2010.
Web search.
In the United States, Google commonly filters search results to comply with Digital Millennium Copyright Act-related legal complaints, such as in 2002 when Google filtered out websites that provided information critical of Scientology.
In the United Kingdom, it was reported that Google had 'delisted' Inquisition 21st century, a website which claims to challenge moral authoritarian and sexually absolutist ideas in the United Kingdom. Google later released a press statement suggesting Inquisition 21 had attempted to manipulate search results. In Germany and France, a study reported that approximately 113 White Nationalist, Nazi, anti-semitic, radical Islamic and other websites had been removed from the German and French versions of Google. Google has complied with these laws by not including sites containing such material in its search results. However, Google does list the number of excluded results at the bottom of the search result page and links to Chilling Effects for explanation.
As of January 26, 2011, Google's Auto Complete feature will not complete certain words such as "bittorrent", "torrent", "utorrent", "megaupload", and "rapidshare", and Google actively censors search terms or phrases that its algorithm considers as likely constituting spam or intending to manipulate search results. In addition, swear-words and pornographic words are not completed. However, they are not censored from actual search results.
As of June 2012, Google's Shopping policies were modified to prohibit the inclusion of "firearms" and firearm-related products, such as ammunition and accessory kits.
As of December 12, 2012, Google's SafeSearch feature applies to image searches in the United States. Prior to the change three SafeSearch settings—"on", "moderate", and "off"—were available to users. Following the change, two "Filter explicit results" settings—"on" and "off"—were newly established. The former and new "on" settings are similar, and exclude explicit images from search results. The new "off" setting still permits explicit images to appear in search results, but users need to enter more specific search requests, and no direct equivalent of the old "off" setting exists following the change. The change brings image search results into line with Google's existing settings for web and video search.
Some users have stated that the lack of a completely unfiltered option amounts to "censorship" by Google. A Google spokesperson disagreed, saying that Google is "not censoring any adult content," but "want to show users exactly what they are looking for—but we aim not to show sexually-explicit results unless a user is specifically searching for them."
In September 2012 multiple sources reported that Google had removed bisexual from the list of blacklisted terms for Instant Search. However, as of late 2013 the word bisexual still does not autocomplete and LGBT activists renewed efforts to have it whitelisted.
China.
Google has been involved in censorship of certain sites in specific countries and regions. Until March 2010, Google adhered to the Internet censorship policies of China, enforced by filters colloquially known as "The Great Firewall of China". Google.cn search results were filtered to remove some results concerning the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, sites supporting the independence movements of Tibet and Taiwan, the Falun Gong movement, and other information perceived to be harmful to the People's Republic of China (PRC). Google claimed that some censorship is necessary in order to keep the Chinese government from blocking Google entirely, as occurred in 2002. The company claims it did not plan to give the government information about users who search for blocked content, and will inform users that content has been restricted if they attempt to search for it. As of 2009, Google was the only major China-based search engine to explicitly "inform" the user when search results are blocked or hidden. As of December 2012, Google no longer informs the user of possible censorship for certain queries during search.
Some Chinese Internet users were critical of Google for assisting the Chinese government in repressing its own citizens, particularly those dissenting against the government and advocating for human rights. Furthermore, Google had been denounced and called hypocritical by Free Media Movement for agreeing to China's demands while simultaneously fighting the United States government's requests for similar information. Google China had also been condemned by Reporters Without Borders, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International.
In 2009, China Central Television, Xinhua News Agency, and People's Daily all reported on Google's "dissemination of obscene information", and People's Daily claimed that "Google's 'don't be evil' motto becomes a fig leaf". The Chinese government imposed administrative penalties to Google China, and demanded a reinforcement of censorship.
In 2010, according to a leaked diplomatic cable from the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, there were reports that the Chinese Politburo directed the intrusion of Google's computer systems in a worldwide coordinated campaign of computer sabotage and the attempt to access information about Chinese dissidents, carried out by "government operatives, public security experts and Internet outlaws recruited by the Chinese government." The report suggested that it was part of an ongoing campaign in which attackers have "broken into American government computers and those of Western allies, the Dalai Lama and American businesses since 2002."
In response to the attack, Google announced that they were "no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn, and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law, if at all." On March 22, 2010, after talks with Chinese authorities failed to reach an agreement, the company redirected its censor-complying Google China service to its Google Hong Kong service, which is outside the jurisdiction of Chinese censorship laws. From the business perspective, many recognize that the move was likely to affect Google's profits: "Google is going to pay a heavy price for its move, which is why it deserves praise for refusing to censor its service in China." However, at least as of March 23, 2010, "The Great Firewall" continues to censor search results from the Hong Kong portal, www.google.com.hk (as it does with the US portal, www.google.com) for controversial terms such as "Falun gong" and "the June 4 incident" (Tiananmen Square incident).
AdSense/AdWords.
In February 2003, Google stopped showing the advertisements of Oceana, a non-profit organization protesting a major cruise ship operation's sewage treatment practices. Google cited its editorial policy at the time, stating "Google does not accept advertising if the ad or site advocates against other individuals, groups, or organizations." The policy was later changed.
In April 2008, Google refused to run ads for a UK Christian group opposed to abortion, explaining that "At this time, Google policy does not permit the advertisement of websites that contain 'abortion and religion-related content.'" The UK Christian group sued Google for discrimination, and as a result in September 2008 Google changed its policy and anti-abortion ads were allowed.
In August 2008, Google closed the AdSense account of a site that carried a negative view of Scientology, the second closing of such a site within 3 months. It is not certain if the account revocations actually were on the grounds of anti-religious content, however the cases have raised questions about Google's terms in regards to AdSense/AdWords. The AdSense policy states that "Sites displaying Google ads may not include [...] advocacy against any individual, group, or organization", which allows Google to revoke the above mentioned AdSense accounts.
In May 2011, Google cancelled the AdWord advertisement purchased by a Dublin sex worker rights group named "Turn Off the Blue Light" (TOBL), claiming that it represented an "egregious violation" of company ad policy by "selling adult sexual services". However, TOBL is a nonprofit campaign for sex worker rights and is not advertising or selling adult sexual services. In July, after TOBL members held a protest outside Google's European headquarters in Dublin and wrote to complain, Google relented, reviewed the group's website, found its content to be advocating a political position, and restored the AdWord advertisement.
In June 2012, Google rejected the Australian Sex Party's ads for AdWords and sponsored search results for the July 12 by-election for the state seat of Melbourne, saying the Party breached its rules which prevent solicitation of donations by a website that did not display tax exempt status. Although the Sex Party amended its website to display tax deductibility information, Google continued to ban the ads. The ads were reinstated on election eve after it was reported in the media that the Sex Party was considering suing Google. On September 13, 2012 the Party lodged formal complaints against Google with the US Department of Justice and the Australian competition watchdog, accusing Google of "unlawful interference in the conduct of a state election in Victoria with corrupt intent" in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
YouTube.
YouTube is a video sharing website acquired by Google in 2006. YouTube's Terms of Service prohibits the posting of videos which violate copyrights or depict pornography, illegal acts, gratuitous violence, or hate speech. User-posted videos that violate such terms may be removed and replaced with a message stating: "This video is no longer available because its content violated YouTube's Terms of Service".
YouTube has been criticized by national governments for failing to police content. For example, videos have been critically accused for being "left up", among other videos featuring unwarranted violence or strong ill-intention against people who probably didn't want this to be published. In 2006, Thailand blocked access to YouTube for users with Thai IP addresses. Thai authorities identified 20 offensive videos and demanded that YouTube remove them before it would unblock any YouTube content. In 2007 a Turkish judge ordered access to YouTube blocked because of content that insulted Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, which is a crime under Turkish law. On February 22, 2008, Pakistan Telecommunications Authority (PTA) attempted to block regional access to YouTube following a government order. The attempt inadvertently caused a worldwide YouTube blackout that took 2 hours to correct. Four days later, PTA lifted the ban after YouTube removed controversial religious comments made by a Dutch Member of Parliament concerning Islam.
YouTube has also been criticized by its users for attempting to censor content. In November 2007, the account of Wael Abbas, a well known Egyptian activist who posted videos of police brutality, voting irregularities and anti-government demonstrations, was blocked for three days.
In February 2008, a video produced by the American Life League that accused a Planned Parenthood television commercial of promoting recreational sex was removed, then reinstated two days later. In October, a video by political speaker Pat Condell criticizing the British government for officially sanctioning sharia law courts in Britain was removed, then reinstated two days later. In response, his fans uploaded copies of the video themselves, and the National Secular Society wrote to YouTube in protest.
YouTube also pulled a video of columnist Michelle Malkin showing violence by Muslim extremists. Siva Vaidhyanathan, a professor of Media Studies at the University of Virginia, commented that while, in his opinion, Michelle Malkin disseminates bigotry in her blog, "that does not mean that this particular video is bigoted; it's not. But because it's by Malkin, it's a target."
YouTube censors videos by country on its site. For example, videos from certain countries are blocked from being viewed in the United States and other countries on copyright grounds. But some users allege that that is blatant censorship by YouTube because it forbids users from viewing the videos that they want to see. YouTube has received numerous criticisms for blocking videos containing content from certain entertainment companies. YouTube has been criticized for heavy-handed censorship. Some allege that this censorship is xenophobic because it blocks people from enjoying foreign works because they lived in a foreign country where the content has been blocked.
Ungoogleable.
In 2013, Google successfully prevented the Swedish Language Council from including the Swedish version of the word ""ungoogleable"" (""ogooglebar"") in its list of new words. Google objected to its definition (which referred to web searches in general without mentioning Google specifically) and the Council was forced to remove it to avoid legal confrontation with Google. There have been accusations that Google is trying to control the Swedish language.
Monopoly, restraint of trade, and antitrust.
According to Joe Wilcox of Microsoft-Watch, Google has increased its dominance of search, becoming an information gatekeeper, despite the conflict of interest between information gathering and the advertising surrounding that information. His colleagues do not share the same view.
In the case of the now-defunct Google-Yahoo! deal of 2008 – a pact for Google to sell advertising on Yahoo! search pages – the U.S. Department of Justice found that the deal would be "materially reducing important competitive rivalry between the two companies" and would violate the Sherman Antitrust Act.
European Union.
The European Commission, the European Union's executive arm, opened a formal inquiry into Google in 2010 over concerns that the company was abusing its dominant position in search. The commission laid out its main points in May 2012, and early in 2013 Google came back with an offer to change its practices in certain search categories, hoping to settle the case and avoid a protracted antitrust inquiry. At a news conference on 17 July 2013 Joaquín Almunia, the European Union competition commissioner, said that he "concluded that the proposals that Google sent to us months ago are not enough to overcome our concerns" and he had written to Eric Schmidt, Google's executive chairman, "asking Google to present better proposals or improved proposals."
The Aliyun OS affair.
Google forced its partner Acer to cancel a planned announcement of an Aliyun OS powered smartphone in September 2012, because the Google senior VP Andy Rubin said that Acer is not allowed to work on a non-compatible "fork" of Android if they want to stay in the Open Handset Alliance. The VP of the Chinese company Alibaba, which have developed Aliyun OS, responded by arguing that Aliyun is not a fork, and criticised Android for not actually being open, since Google is in control of the app market through Google Play.
Alternatives to Google and monopoly power.
In testimony before a U.S. Senate antitrust panel in September 2011, Eric Schmidt, Google's chairman, said that "the Internet is the ultimate level playing field" where users were "one click away" from competitors. Beyond the existence of alternatives, Google's large market share was another aspect of the debate, as this exchange between Senator Herb Kohl and Mr. Schmidt at the September Senate hearing illustrates:
Being a monopoly or having monopoly power isn't illegal in the United States. It depends on whether that power is used in ways that violate the special rules that apply to monopolies.
U.S. Federal Trade Commission antitrust case.
In October 2012 it was reported that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission staff were preparing a recommendation that the government sue Google on antitrust grounds. The areas of concern include accusations of manipulating the search results to favor Google services such as Google Shopping for buying goods and Google Places for advertising local restaurants and businesses; whether Google's automated advertising marketplace, AdWords, discriminates against advertisers from competing online commerce services like comparison shopping sites and consumer review Web sites; whether Google's contracts with smartphone makers and carriers prevent them from removing or modifying Google products, such as its Android operating system or Google search; and Google's use of its smartphone patents. A likely outcome of the antitrust investigations is a negotiated settlement where Google would agree not to discriminate in favor of its products over smaller competitors.
Other.
Energy consumption.
Google has been criticized for the high amount of energy used to maintain its servers, but was praised by Greenpeace for the use of renewable source of energy to run them. Google has pledged to spend millions of dollars to investigate cheap, clean, renewable energy, and has installed solar panels on the roofs at its Mountain View facilities. In 2010, Google also invested $39 million in wind power.
Doodles.
Google was criticized by U.S. conservatives in 2007 for not featuring Google Doodles for American patriotic holidays such as Memorial Day and Veterans Day. That year, however, Google featured a logo commemorating Veterans Day. On the 68th anniversary of D-Day, a doodle commemorating the 79th anniversary of the first Drive-in theater was used.
Google bus protests.
In late 2013, activists in the San Francisco Bay Area began protesting the use of shuttle buses by Google and other tech companies, viewing them as symbols of gentrification.
Google Video.
On August 15, 2007 Google discontinued its Download-to-own/Download-to-rent (DTO/DTR) program. Some videos previously purchased for ownership under that program were no longer viewable when the embedded Digital Rights Management (DRM) licenses were revoked. Google gave refunds for the full amount spent on videos using "gift certificates" (or "bonuses") to their customers' "Google Checkout Account". After a public uproar, Google issued full refunds to the credit cards of the Google Video users without revoking the gift certificates.
Search within search.
For some search results, Google provides a secondary search box that can be used to search within a website identified from the first search. Although this is an innovative search tool for users, it sparked controversy among some online publishers and retailers. When performing a second search within a specific website, advertisements from competing and rival companies often showed up together with the results from the website being searched. This has the potential to draw users away from the website they were originally searching. "While the service could help increase traffic, some users could be siphoned away as Google uses the prominence of the brands to sell ads, typically to competing companies." In order to combat this controversy, Google has offered to turn off this feature for companies who request to have it removed.
According to software engineer Ben Lee and Product Manager Jack Menzel, the idea for search within search originated from the way users were searching. It appeared that users were often not finding exactly what they needed while trying to explore within a company site. "Teleporting" on the web, where users need only type part of the name of a website into Google (no need to remember the entire URL) in order to find the correct site, is what helps Google users complete their search. Google took this concept a step further and instead of just "teleporting", users could type in keywords to search within the website of their choice.
Naming of Go programming language.
Google is criticized for naming their programming language "Go" while there is already an existing programming language called "Go!"
Potential security threats.
Google has been criticised for providing information that could potentially be useful to terrorists. In the UK during March 2010, Liberal Democrats MP Paul Keetch and unnamed military officers criticised Google for including pictures of the outside of the headquarters of the SAS at RAF Base Hereford, stating that terrorists might use this information to plan attacks, rather than having to drive past it themselves. Google responded that there was no appreciable security risk and that it had no intention of removing the pictures.
On Google Maps, street view and 360 degree images of military bases were removed at the Pentagon's request.
Tax avoidance.
Google has been criticized by journalists and others for using legal, but aggressive tax avoidance strategies to minimize its corporate tax bill. Google cut its taxes by $3.1 billion in the period of 2007 to 2009 using a technique that moves most of its foreign profits through Ireland and The Netherlands to Bermuda. Google's income shifting – involving strategies known to lawyers as the "Double Irish" and the "Dutch Sandwich" – helped reduce its overseas tax rate to 2.4 percent, the lowest of the top five U.S. technology companies by market capitalization, according to regulatory filings in six countries.
Following criticism of the amount of corporate taxes that Google paid in the United Kingdom, Chairman Eric Schmidt said, "It's called capitalism. We are proudly capitalistic." During the same December 2012 interview Schmidt "confirmed that the company had no intention of paying more to the UK exchequer." In 2013 Schmidt again responded to questions about taxes paid in the UK, by pointing to the advertising fees Google charged UK companies as a source of economic growth.
Politics.
Despite being one of the world's largest and most influential companies, unlike many other technology companies, Google does not disclose its political spending. In August 2010, New York City Public Advocate Bill de Blasio launched a national campaign urging the corporation to disclose all of its political spending.
Google sponsors several non-profit lobbying groups, such as the Coalition for a Digital Economy (Coadec) in the UK. Google has sponsored meetings of the conservative Competitive Enterprise Institute who have had speakers including libertarian Republican and Tea Party member, and Senator for Kentucky, Rand Paul.
In 2013, Google joined the American Legislative Exchange Council.
YouTube user comments.
Most YouTube videos allow users to leave comments, and these have attracted attention for the negative aspects of both their form and content. In 2006, "Time" praised Web 2.0 for enabling "community and collaboration on a scale never seen before", and added that YouTube "harnesses the stupidity of crowds as well as its wisdom. Some of the comments on YouTube make you weep for the future of humanity just for the spelling alone, never mind the obscenity and the naked hatred". "The Guardian" in 2009 described users' comments on YouTube as:
In September 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" commented that YouTube was "notorious" for "some of the most confrontational and ill-formed comment exchanges on the internet", and reported on YouTube Comment Snob, "a new piece of software that blocks rude and illiterate posts". "The Huffington Post" noted in April 2012 that finding comments on YouTube that appear "offensive, stupid and crass" to the "vast majority" of the people is hardly difficult.
On November 6, 2013, Google implemented a new comment system that requires all YouTube users to use a Google+ account to comment on videos, thereby making the comment system Google+-orientated. The corporation stated that the change is necessary to personalize comment sections for viewers, in response to an overwhelmingly negative public response—even YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim expressed disdain by writing on his channel: "why the fuck do I need a Google+ account to comment on a video?". The official YouTube announcement received over 59,000 "thumbs down" votes and only just over 3,300 "thumbs up" votes, while an online petition demanding Google+'s removal gained more than 230,000 signatures in just over two months. Writing in the "Newsday" blog Silicon Island, Chase Melvin noted: "Google+ is nowhere near as popular a social media network as Facebook, but it's essentially being forced upon millions of YouTube users who don't want to lose their ability to comment on videos." In the same article Melvin adds:
Perhaps user complaints are justified, but the idea of revamping the old system isn't so bad. Think of the crude, misogynistic and racially-charged mudslinging that has transpired over the last eight years on YouTube without any discernible moderation. Isn't any attempt to curb unidentified libelers worth a shot? The system is far from perfect, but Google should be lauded for trying to alleviate some of the damage caused by irate YouTubers hiding behind animosity and anonymity.

</doc>
<doc id="9874322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874322" title="Trikala F.C.">
Trikala F.C.

Trikala F.C., or Athlitikos Omilos Trikalon (A.O.T.) (), are a professional football club based in the city of Trikala, in central Greece.
History.
The club was formed in 1963 from the merger of two rival Trikala football clubs, Achilleas of Trikala and Α.Ε.Τ. The history of these original clubs can be traced back to the early 1920s when the football in the town was starting to rising.
The merger provided an optimistic spirit for the fans of the team since the town's best teams had been merged. Concequently, it proved to be successful as, within a year, A.O.T. had won promotion to the Greek first division.
Progress.
After coming top in the Greek 2nd division (Beta Ethniki) in 1964, AOT continued its early success by competing in the Greek 1st division (Alpha Ethniki) from 1964 to 1969 (except for the 67-68 season when they were relegated to the 2nd division only to come top of that division and be promoted straight away). AOT then spent a further two years in the 2nd division before winning that league again in 1971 and being promoted. They spent a further two years in the 1st division before being relegated to the second division in 1973.
The team spent a further 10 years in the second division and eventually got relegated to the third division (Gamma Ethniki) in 1983. The period between 1983 and 1995 was one of the team's worse, spending 7 of the next 12 years in the 3rd division.
In 1995 AOT re-established themselves in the 2nd division and that success was followed four years later when they won the league and were promoted to the 1st division in 1999 after a 27 year absence.
Unfortunately, the success was short lived as AOT came last in the 1999 - 2000 season which was followed by a disastrous run culminating in their relegation to the 4th division in 2003.
Since 2003 the team have been playing in the Greek 3rd and 4th division with their most recent success being their promotion to the Greek second division in 2010 (Beta Ethniki) after a 9 year absence.
Grounds.
The Trikala Stadium was built in 1950 and it has a horseshoe-like shape, with no stand behind the west goal. It has a main south stand, which is covered by a roof. The stadium upgraded in 2003, as in that year it hosted the Tsiklitria international athletics Grand Prix.
The Record of Attendance is 20,000 in a 1999 match against PAS Giannina.
It is the home stadium of Trikala F.C. and hosts other events such as concerts and athletics.
2009-2010 season.
The most recent season was a particularly memorable one and the most successful season for AOT in a decade. Having won promotion from the Greek 4th Division, AO Trikala were to compete in the Greek National 3d Division North Group. They signed many good and experienced players and set their sights on promotion. The club started the season with a great performance in the Greek Cup as they eliminated Kastoria and went on to play fierce local rivals Anagennisi Karditsas at home. A crowd of over 7500 Trikala fans saw the home team beat their rivals 1-0, with the goalscorer being Dimosthenis Manousakis. In the 4th round Trikala had another memorable game when they beat top-flight club Iraklis Salonica in front of over 7000 home fans. They eventually lost on penalties in the next round having progressed to the last 16 of the competition.
Despite the good run in the Greek Cup, the team's league performance at the start of the season suffered as their inability to score away from home meant that Trikala dropped a lot of points. But a 9 game streak of consecutive victories in the end of the season meant that Trikala achieved a second-place finish place, which qualified them for a playoff match against the runners-up of the division.
The playoff match was played on May 29, at the Nea Smirni Stadium in Athens. More than 4000 Trikala fans travelled 7 hours to watch their team produce a memorable display and beat Vyzas Megaron by 2-0, with Costa Rican striker Enoc Perez netting both goals. It was a happy end to the season as AO Trikala had finally started to form a team worthy of its bright history.
The 2009-2010 season also saw AO Trikala breaking some impressive records. The team conceded just 11 goals in 35 league games (including the playoff match), which was a European record for the season. Trikala also finished with an impressive home record of 12 wins, 2 draws and 0 losses, while having conceded only 2 goals (a penalty and an own goal). Trikala also were the most attended team in the division, with attendances regularly rising over 4000.
2010-2013 season.
The team enjoyed on pitch success in the 2010-2011 season at the second tier football league finishing the league in fourth place and becoming eligible for the promotion playoffs to the top tier Superleague. The team never had the opportunity to participate in the playoffs as it was disqualified after it emerged that the team had produced counterfeit bank guarantees to prove the team's financial viability. The bank guarantees were a prerequisite for a license to be granted from EPO. The repercussions from the false guarantees did not end there, as the team was relegated to the lowest tier of the Greek football D ethniki. 
After further investigations which uncovered extensive irregularities and undeclared debts, the team was expelled from D-Ethniki into non league football. This prompted an angry response from fans towards controversial owner Vangelis Plexidas who the fans held responsible for the predicament of the team.
In 2012 the official supporters of the club named "SAKAFLIADES" take charges the reborn of the team.The team is gonna play in the next to last category of Greek football championships in 2013-2014.
Crest.
The original design of the Trikala F.C. logo represents the merger of the two local rival football teams," Achilleas Trikalon" and "A.E.T". It was the merger of which Trikala F.C. was established. Since then the crest has changed several times but the original 'Merger Bond' is still featured. In 2009 the chairman Vaggelis Plexidas asked for a new crest that the design resembles the crest of Barcelona F.C., since the team's main colours are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="9874323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874323" title="M73 machine gun">
M73 machine gun

The M73 and M219 were 7.62 mm NATO caliber machine guns designed for tank use. It was used on the M48 Patton and M60 Patton MBT series (including the M728 Combat Engineer Vehicle), and on the M551 Sheridan Armored Reconnaissance / Airborne Assault Vehicle (AR/AAV).
Design and development.
Designed primarily as a coaxial machine gun by the Rock Island Arsenal and produced by General Electric, the M73 was developed as a replacement for the M1919A4E1, M1919A5, and M37 machine guns that continued to serve in the immediate post-World War II environment.
The "Machine Gun, 7.62-MM, M73" was officially adopted in 1959. It is an air-cooled, recoil operated machine gun, but also using cartridge gasses to boost recoil. Though designed as a simplified alternative to the M1919 series, was of almost identical weight. The weapon was fitted with a quick-change barrel, pull-chain charging assembly, and could be made to feed from the left or the right hand side (though the left-hand feed was more common).
An attempt to make the M73 useful as a flexible infantry gun saw the weapon fitted with sights and a pistol grip trigger as the "Machine Gun, 7.62-MM, M73C". Equally unpopular, very few of these weapons were produced. Sources claim that it saw limited use in Vietnam.
The M73 suffered from numerous malfunctions and was prone to jamming. An improved M73E1 was eventually developed in 1970 with a simplified ejection system, being type classified as the "Machine Gun, 7.62-MM, M73A1". In 1972, it was decided that this weapon was sufficiently different from its predecessor and was redesignated "Machine Gun, 7.62-MM, M219". These weapons were eventually replaced by the M60E2 and M240 machine gun, and vehicles still in service using the M73 series were refitted with these weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="9874333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874333" title="St. Helens RUFC">
St. Helens RUFC

St. Helens RUFC are a rugby union club, not to be confused with St Helens RLFC, who were based in St Helens, Merseyside. St Helens RUFC were founded in 1919 as St. Helens Old Boys with former students of Cowley High former the majority of the team. 
Liverpool FC (a rugby union club, not to be confused with the association football team of the same name) and St. Helens RUFC merged in 1986 and play at Moss Lane the former St Helens club’s ground. 
A number of the team achieved international honours; Alan 'Ned' Ashcroft, John Horton, Nigel Heslop and the current club President Ray French who gained International honours in both League and Union. Ray French is currently the President of the merged club, Liverpool St Helens F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="9874346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874346" title="Thomas G. Long">
Thomas G. Long

Dr. Thomas Grier Long is the Bandy Professor of Preaching at Candler School of Theology at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. He received his BA degree from Erskine College in 1968, the Master of Divinity from Erskine Theological Seminary in 1971, and the Ph.D. from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1980. He began his career as a preacher at McElroy Memorial Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church near Atlanta, Georgia and since that time has taught at a number of seminaries, including Erskine, Columbia, Princeton, and Candler. 
In 1996, Dr. Long was named one of the twelve most effective preachers in the English speaking world by Baylor University, along with the likes of Fred Craddock, Billy Graham, James Forbes, Barbara Brown Taylor and William Willimon. He was ordained in the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church and currently a minister in the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.). 
Dr. Long's field is in Homiletics and is a strong proponent of the two pillars of preaching: strong exegetical work held alongside with strong presentation skills. "Preaching" magazine named his "Witness of Preaching" one of the 25 most influential books on preaching in the past 25 years. A standard textbook in seminary and undergraduate preaching courses, the book advocates exegetical method seeking to discern a claim from the text to provide clarity of focus and function in sermons.

</doc>
<doc id="9874347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874347" title="Pencader Tunnel">
Pencader Tunnel

Pencader Tunnel is an abandoned railway tunnel on the old trackbed of the Carmarthen to Aberystwyth main line in south-west Wales. It was originally bored for the Llanpumsaint-Pencader section of the Carmarthen & Cardigan (C&C) Railway.
It is approximately long (just over half-a-mile), making it the longest tunnel in West Wales and is bored through Ordovician shales. It is single-track and built to the C&C's adopted broad gauge dimensions, as opposed to the smaller standard gauge used on Britain's railways today. It is also known as alternatively Alltwalis Tunnel and Dolgran Tunnel to local villagers.
History.
From the first proposals of the Carmarthen and Cardigan railway it was known that an expensive and long tunnel would be needed to take the line between the valleys of Skanda Vale and Dolgran, under the Brechfa Forest watershed. Several separate Engineers surveyed the line, including Isambard Kingdom Brunel, with varying schemes. Brunel proposed a dead-straight tunnel to connect the valleys, though after reworking, the final design was longer in order to ease the gradients. 
As built, the tunnel was approximately long, curving slightly from the southern portal in Skanda Vale, running straight for most of its length and then curving for the final third into Dolgran. The digging would require two construction shafts which could then be used for ventilation. Construction started in the spring of 1857 to bore the tunnel at the same time as work began on the first stage of the railway line in the town of Carmarthen.
During construction in 1859, the C&C railway attempted to switch from broad gauge to standard gauge, which would have meant all railway infrastructure (including the tunnel), could be built to smaller (and thus cheaper) dimensions. Such a change would require the approval of the British Parliament and pressurisation on the company by the South Wales Railway, a broad gauge line in the area which did not want the rival standard gauge making an incursion on its territory, meant the application to Parliament never occurred.
Digging initially proceeded from four sites - at either end and from the bottom of the first ventilation shaft sunk. Once the second shaft was finished, digging also commenced from there, though this had been abandoned by May 1860 according to a report which stated that had been dug by this time, approximately two-thirds of the full length. Work was expected to be finished by December 1860/January 1861. 
As it stood, the tunnel was only 'finished' in March 1861 although, at the time, it was exposed rock without a brick lining and required further work to complete it. The long approach cuttings were also unfinished at this time. During construction of the tunnel, many of the horses used to haul away excavated rock died from disease and were buried in the field surrounding the northern of the two shafts. The same field also has grassed-over rubble remaining from cottages built by the construction navvies. Much of the spoil excavated was used to build embankments north and south of the tunnel but large spoil heaps can be seen on the hillsides around both ventilation shafts.
Further delays were caused by the original contractor for the railway, Jays of London, abandoning the construction of the line in autumn 1861. By November, however, another contractor, Holdens, had taken over the task. Work was focused on finishing several miles of railway either side of the tunnel and, although easy to the north, to the south, heavy engineering of cuttings and embankments slowed the work.
Track is known to have been laid through the tunnel at some point prior to December 1863, as a company report mentions an accident in that month on a ballast train en route to Pencader, beyond the tunnel. Official government inspection was carried out in January 1864 and the tunnel opened with the rest of the Llanpumsaint-Pencader section of the line on 1 April 1864. At the time, the tunnel was still unlined and a watchman was employed to inspect the tunnel for any rockfalls, until it was eventually lined with brick some years later.
By the time the tunnel was finished, having taken four years to build and a further three to complete the railway approaches to it, the project had crippled the finances of the Carmarthen to Cardigan Railway, which soon went into receivership. After the railway was closed to freight traffic on 28 September 1973, the track was removed. The tunnel was not demolished and remains in place.
Present state.
The present state of the tunnel is accessible. Despite being bricked up at one point, both portals are now gated and the northern portal () and approach are privately owned and difficult to access due to a stream now occupying part of the trackbed. The south portal () is more accessible and has a small shed approximately 500 yards away, a former Permanent Way hut. Slightly further south are the foundations of the signal box for Pencader Tunnel Loop. The tunnel has two air shafts, located on the hillside above it. Both shafts are unlined and varying amounts of ground water drain through them into the tunnel. The north vent shaft was previously used for abseiling until maintenance work fixed a secure grating over it at the same time as the shaft's brickwork was re-pointed.
Walking through the tunnel can be difficult/dangerous due to deep mud at both ends - the majority of the tunnel is dry, however, as it lies on the summit of the line between Llanpumsaint and Pencader and thus any water seeping in drains away naturally. Both portals are muddy, the southern one more so due to a burst timber aqueduct over the portal and a small dam of earth that causes water and wet earth to back up behind it into the tunnel.
Further inside, the tunnel is in generally good condition due to being abandoned more recently than many disused tunnels and the brickwork remains in good condition except for a portion near the north portal where some has been dislodged.
There is a persistent local rumour that there is an escape-shaft from the tunnel in the form of a staircase cut into a side-shaft leading to the surface. Though such a shaft does not appear on surveys of the tunnel held by the British Railways Board, whose remnant, Rail Property Ltd is the current owner of the tunnel and responsible for its upkeep, recent explorations have confirmed its existence. It is unknown how far the passage continues and whether it exits into the ground above.
However, there's hope that one day "once the tunnel is stream free and officially accessible", the Gwili Railway could someday extend into Pencader, once a further a mile or two is required. 

</doc>
<doc id="9874349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874349" title="Chikara Young Lions Cup">
Chikara Young Lions Cup

The Young Lions Cup is a professional wrestling championship contested for in the American professional wrestling promotion Chikara.
History.
A tournament is held every year to determine the champion. Originally, experience level was the primary basis for eligibility in the tournament, as the first tournament was only open to those who have wrestled under 50 professional matches. The primary basis for eligibility was later changed to age, making the tournament open only to wrestlers who are 25 years old or younger. The winner of the Young Lions Cup can defend the cup as an actual title until the following tournament, and Young Lions Cup tournament winners are not allowed to compete in the tournament again once they win it.
The original rules also once stated that previous holders of the cup are not allowed to compete for the title once they are no longer champion, but this rule was 'changed' in 2008. Fire Ant was granted a rematch after losing the cup to Vin Gerard, and Director of Fun Leonard F. Chikarason claimed that the rules were now amended, stating that previous holders of the cup could challenge for the cup again any time they wanted until the next Young Lions Cup tournament. However, on February 1, 2010, new Director of Fun Dieter VonSteigerwalt reverted the rule change and announced that former champions could no longer challenge for the cup or enter the annual tournaments.
Current holder.
The cup is currently held by Mark Angelosetti. He defeated ACH on August 18, 2012, in the finals of Young Lions Cup X tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9874365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874365" title="Michael Garciaparra">
Michael Garciaparra

Michael Garciaparra (born April 2, 1983 in Whittier, California) is a former minor league baseball second baseman . He is the brother of Nomar Garciaparra.
Career.
Garciaparra was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the supplemental 1st round (36th overall) of the June draft with the pick awarded to the Mariners after the free agent departure of Alex Rodriguez. He spent six years in Seattle's minor league system, topping out with their Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers in . 
In , after being claimed off of waivers by the Philadelphia Phillies, Garciaparra was assigned to the their Double-A Reading Phillies. By the end of the year, he had been promoted to Triple-A Ottawa. He began 2008 as a member of the Baltimore Orioles organization, playing for their Double-A Bowie Baysox. He was later released and signed by the Milwaukee Brewers and was assigned to their Double-A Huntsville Stars. In 2009, he began the season with the Triple-A Nashville Sounds, but was sent back to Huntsville on June 27.
Personal.
Garciaparra resides in Redondo Beach, California, and graduated from Don Bosco Technical Institute in June 2001. While there, he was named First Team All-Camino Real League in baseball for three years, handled kicking duties for the school's football team, and played varsity soccer. He missed most of the 2001 high school baseball season while recovering from surgery to repair a torn ACL sustained in a football game.

</doc>
<doc id="9874373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874373" title="Maria Anna of Savoy">
Maria Anna of Savoy

Maria Anna of Savoy (Maria Anna Ricciarda Carolina Margherita Pia; 19 September 1803 – 4 May 1884) was the wife of Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria. She was Empress of Austria; Queen of Hungary, Bohemia, Lombardy and Venetia.
Biography.
Maria Anna was born in Palazzo Colonna in Rome, the daughter of King Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia and of his wife, Archduchess Maria Teresa of Austria-Este. She had a twin sister Maria Teresa. The two princesses were baptised by Pope Pius VII. Their godparents were their maternal grandparents, Archduke Ferdinand of Austria-Este and his wife Maria Beatrice Ricciarda d'Este. In the Museo di Roma can be seen a painting of the baptism.
On 12 February 1831 Maria Anna was married by procuration in Turin to King Ferdinand V of Hungary (later Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria). On 27 February the couple were married in person in Vienna in the Hofburg chapel by the Cardinal Archbishop of Olmütz.
Maria Anna and Ferdinand were devoted to each other. They had no children.
Ferdinand succeeded as Emperor of Austria on 2 March 1835; Maria Anna became "Empress of Austria". On 12 September 1836 she was crowned as "Queen of Bohemia" at Prague.
On 2 December 1848 Ferdinand abdicated as Emperor of Austria, but retaining his imperial rank; Maria Anna was henceforward titled "Empress Maria Anna". They lived in retirement together, spending the winters at Prague Castle and the summers at Reichstadt (now Zákupy) or at Ploschkowitz (now Ploskovice).
Maria Anna died in Prague. She is buried next to her husband in tomb number 63 in the Imperial Crypt in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="9874421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874421" title="Fortuna Air Force Station">
Fortuna Air Force Station

Fortuna Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located west of Fortuna, North Dakota. It was closed in 1979 as a radar station, remaining as a Long-Range Radar (LRR) facility until 1984.
Fortuna Air Force Station was part of the last batch of twenty-three radar stations constructed as part of the Air Defense Command permanent network. It was activated in April, and declared completely operational in late 1952.
History.
The 780th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron (AC&W Sq) began operations using AN/FPS-3 search and AN/FPS-4 height-finder radars, and initially the station functioned as a Ground-control intercept (GCI) and warning station. As a GCI station, the squadron's role was to guide interceptor aircraft toward unidentified intruders picked up on the unit's radar scopes. During 1957 an AN/GPS-3 search radar made a brief appearance. Reportedly, an AN/TPS-10D was also briefly used. In 1958 the 780th began operating an AN/FPS-20A search radar that replaced the AN/GPS-3. By 1960 a pair of AN/FPS-6, -6A handled height-finder chores.
During 1961 Fortuna AFS joined the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system, initially feeding data to DC-20 at Malmstrom AFB, Montana. After joining, the squadron was redesignated as the 780th Radar Squadron (SAGE) on 1 August 1961. The radar squadron provided information 24/7 the SAGE Direction Center where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile. Fortuna was incorporated into BUIC I, a manual back-up interceptor control system implemented in 1962. BUIC I provided limited command and control capability in the event the SAGE system was disabled.
In 1963, the AN/FPS-20A was removed, and the makeup of the radars at Fortuna consisted of an AN/FPS-35 search radar along with AN/FPS-6 and AN/FPS-90 height-finder radars. On 31 July 1963, the site was redesignated as NORAD ID Z-27.
In 1964 an AN/FPS-26A height-finder radar was installed, and the AN/FPS-6 was retired. In the winter of 1964, a fierce wind storm blew over the AN/FPS-35 sail; the sail was not replaced until the following year (by the one formerly installed at Manassas AFS, VA, reportedly). For the interim, in 1965 an AN/FPS-64 search radar was installed in the former AN/FPS-20A tower; it was removed in 1967 after the AN/FPS-35 was again fully operational. The AN/FPS-90 height-finder radar was removed in 1969. Work proceeded on the installation of BUIC II in 1966, after the installation of a Burroughs CSA-51 computer system, In 1969 it became a BUIC III site.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. The 780th Radar Sq was inactivated and replaced by the 780th Air Defense Group in March 1970. The upgrade to group status was done because of Fortuna AFS' status as a Backup Interceptor Control (BUIC) site. BUIC sites were alternate control sites in the event that SAGE Direction Centers became disabled and unable to control interceptor aircraft. The group was inactivated and replaced by the 780th Radar Squadron. as defenses against manned bombers were reduced. The group was disbanded in 1984. Normal operations continued until 1979 when Aerospace Defense Command was inactivated in September and the radar station was inactivated. The GATR site (R-27) was retained until the Joint Surveillance System (JSS) switchover, c. 1984. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) opened an unmanned ARSR-4 radar facility about half-way between Sidney, Montana, and Watford City, North Dakota, (just off of Highway 68) before the Fortuna radars were finally decommissioned in 1984.
Current use.
The station was bought by private investors that pillaged the site and stripped the site of anything of value and sold it off. After this "salvage", the site was forfeited to Divide County over a valuation dispute, and now sits half-demolished, useless as a facility, and abandoned. An environmental impact study is currently planned as a precursor to a possible land reclamation effort.
Buildings and facilities.
Buildings on the station include:
The Ground to Air Transmitter-Receiver (GATR) facility was located off-station at , roughly one mile south of the main station.
References.
Bibliography.
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="9874425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874425" title="Sky Destroyer">
Sky Destroyer

Gameplay.
The player's plane is equipped with machine guns and torpedoes and ammunition is unlimited.
The colour of the sky changes according to the time of the day (afternoon, evening, night). F6F Hellcats are common enemy fighter planes the player will encounter. Occasionally, the player would run into a B-24 bomber and has to shoot each of its four propellers before the B-24 flies away. Sometimes when player has shot down a number of B-24s, he or she would encounter a falling satellite across the screen. A high amount of points would be rewarded if the satellite gets destroyed. There are bonus stages in this game. 
Enemy resistance comes not only from the air, but from land and sea as well. Sometimes, an American naval destroyer or submarine would try to down the player's plane with AA fire. Aircraft carriers can sometimes be seen in the distant horizon (but can still be sunk with torpedoes). At the end of a stage, the player faces a mobile shore battery on an island. This battery must be destroyed in order to complete the mission. If the player is hit even just once by enemy fire, his plane crashes and he loses one life point. The game is over when all life points are used up.
"Sky Invader".
A hacked version of this game made by an unknown manufacturer is known as "Sky Invader". The differences between the original and the hacked version are:

</doc>
<doc id="9874427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874427" title="Battle of Ruvo">
Battle of Ruvo

The Battle of Ruvo was fought on 23 February 1503 between a Spanish army under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba and Diego de Mendoza and a French army commanded by Jacques de la Palice. The battle was part of the Second Italian War and was fought at the town of Ruvo in the Province of Bari, modern-day Italy. The result was a Spanish victory.
Background.
Following the Treaty of Granada signed on 11 November 1500, Spanish monarch Ferdinand "the Catholic" and Louis XII of France agreed that each power takes a partition of the Kingdom of Naples. The deal soon fell through, however, and Spain and France resumed their war over the kingdom. This resulted in the Second Italian War.
Battle.
During the end of 1502 and the early part of 1503 the Spanish stood at bay in the entrenched camp at Barletta near the Ofanto river on the shores of the Adriatic sea. Once hearing about the retreat and departure of Louis d'Armagnac, Duke of Nemours, Gonzalo decided to launch an offensive in a Moorish guerrilla style on the town of Ruvo which was defended by Jacques de la Palice.
Gonzalo de Córdoba stormed the town at early morning launching a cannonade offensive. Soon after, he faced a resolute resistance by the French. However, within four hours he could open a breach from where the Spanish soldiers could enter and launch the assault. Fighting with swords lasted for seven hours and reached houses and streets until Jacques de la Palice was wounded and held prisoner.
The Spanish army soon decided to get back to Barletta while Louis d'Armagnac tried to return to Ruvo to help the French army. Once there he found the Spanish flag already waving in the walls of the city and understood that he arrived behind schedule and stopped to follow ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="9874440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874440" title="Aurora B kinase">
Aurora B kinase

Aurora B kinase is a protein that functions in the attachment of the mitotic spindle to the centromere.
Function.
Chromosomal segregation during mitosis as well as meiosis is regulated by kinases and phosphatases. The Aurora kinases associate with microtubules during chromosome movement and segregation. Aurora kinase B localizes to microtubules near kinetochores, specifically to the specialized microtubules called K-fibers, and Aurora kinase A (MIM 603072) localizes to centrosomes (Lampson et al., 2004).by OMIM
In cancerous cells, over-expression of these enzymes causes unequal distribution of genetic information, creating aneuploid cells, a hallmark of cancer.
Discovery.
In 1998, Aurora kinase B was identified in humans by a polymerase chain reaction screen for kinases that are overexpressed in cancers. In the same year, rat Aurora kinase B was identified in a screen designed to find kinases that altered S. cerevisiae proliferation when overexpressed.
Expression and subcellular localization.
The expression and activity of Aurora B are regulated according to the cell cycle. Expression of Aurora B reaches a maximum at the G2-M transition, whereas Aurora B protein is most active during mitosis.
Aurora B is a chromosomal passenger protein. Specifically, Aurora B localizes to the chromosomes in prophase, the centromere in prometaphase and metaphase, and the central mitotic spindle in anaphase. This localization has been determined by indirect immunofluorescence in mammalian, C. elegans, and Drosophila cells. A more detailed analysis of Aurora B localization has been carried out in mammalian cells by tagging Aurora B with green fluorescent protein. This analysis showed that the association of Aurora B with centromeres is dynamic (Aurora B at the centromere is constantly exchanging with a pool of cytoplasmic Aurora B). The analysis of tagged Aurora B also suggested that it associates with spindle microtubules during anaphase of mitosis and this association significantly limits its mobility. Finally, a portion of the tagged Aurora B localized to the equatorial cell cortex, having been transported to this location by astral microtubules.
Regulation of Aurora B.
Aurora B complexes with three other proteins, Survivin, Borealin and INCENP. Each of the four components of the complex is required for the proper localization and function of the other three. INCENP stimulates Aurora B kinase activity. Survivin might do the same.
Localization of Aurora B to the centromere during prometaphase and metaphase requires phosphorylation of the mammalian kinetochore-specific histone-H3 variant centromere protein A (CENP-A). CENP-A associates with the centromere and is necessary for assembly of the kinetochore. Phosphorylation of CENP-A at serine 7 by Aurora A kinase recruits Aurora B to the centromere. Aurora B, itself, can also phosphorylate CENP-A at the same residue once it is recruited (see below).
Additionally, topoisomerase II has been implicated in the regulation of Aurora B localization and enzymatic activity. This regulatory role may be directly associated with the role of topoisomerase II in disjoining sister chromatids prior to anaphase. In topoisomerase II-depleted cells, Aurora B and INCENP do not transfer to the central spindle in late mitosis. Instead, they remain tightly associated with the centromeres of non-disjoined sister chromatids. Also, cells deficient in topoisomerase II show significantly reduced Aurora B kinase activity. Inhibition of Aurora B due to loss of topoisomerase II seems to depend on BubR1 activity (see below).
Aurora B has been shown to bind to end-binding protein 1 (EB1), a protein that regulates microtubule dynamics. Indirect immunofluorescence showed that Aurora B and EB1 colocalize during anaphase on the central spindle and in the midbody during cytokinesis. Intriguingly, EB1 overexpression enhances Aurora B kinase activity, at least in part because EB1 blocks the dephosphorylation/inactivation of Aurora B by protein phosphatase 2A.
Role in chromosome biorientation.
Studies in several organisms indicate that Aurora B oversees chromosome biorientation by ensuring that appropriate connections are made between spindle microtubules and kinetochores.
Inhibition of Aurora B function by RNA interference or microinjection of blocking antibodies impairs the alignment of chromosomes at the equator of the mitotic spindle. This process of alignment is referred to as chromosome congression. The reason for this defect is a subject of ongoing study. Aurora B inhibition may lead to an increase in the number of syntelic attachments (sister chromatid pairs in which both sister kinetochores are attached to microtubules radiating from the same spindle pole). Intriguingly, expression of a dominant-negative and catalytically inactive form of Aurora B disrupted microtuble attachment to the kinetochore and prevented the association of dynein and centromere protein E (CENP-E) with kinetochores.
Numerous kinetochore targets of Aurora kinases have been determined in organisms ranging from yeast to man. Most notably, CENP-A is a target of Aurora B. The phosphorylation of CENP-A by Aurora B reaches a maximum in prometaphase. In fact, Aurora A targets the same CENP-A phosphorylation site as Aurora B, and CENP-A phosphorylation by Aurora A is thought to precede that by Aurora B. Thus, a model has been proposed in which CENP-A phosphorylation by Aurora A recruits Aurora B to the centromere, the latter maintaining the phosphorylation state of CENP-A in a positive feedback loop. Oddly, mutation of this phosphorylation site in CENP-A leads to defects in cytokinesis.
Aurora B also interacts with mitotic centromere-associated kinesin (MCAK). Both Aurora B and MCAK localize to the inner centromere during prometaphase. Aurora B has been shown to recruit MCAK to the centromere and directly phosphorylate MCAK on various residues. Phosphorylation of MCAK by Aurora B limits the ability of MCAK to depolymerize microtubules. Importantly, inhibition of MCAK by a number of approaches leads to improper attachment of kinetochores to spindle microtubules.
It has been hypothesized that tension generated by amphitelic attachment (biorientation; the attachment of sister kinetochores to opposite spindle poles) pulls sister kinetochores apart, thus disrupting the interaction of Aurora B at the innermost portion of the centromere with microtubule binding sites on the fibrous corona of the outermost centromere. Specifically, the tension generated by biorientation pulls MCAK outside of the area of Aurora B localization. Thus, mitosis proceeds upon biorientation and dissociation of Aurora B from its substrates.
Role in chromosome condensation and chromosome cohesion.
Aurora B is responsible for phosphorylation of histone-H3 on serine 10 during mitosis. This modification is conserved from yeast (where the kinase is known as Ipl1) to man. Notably, histone-H3 phosphorylation by Aurora B seems not to be responsible for chromatin condensation. Though Aurora B is enriched at centromeres, it localizes diffusely to all chromatin.
In Drosophila cells, Aurora B depletion disrupts chromosome structure and compaction. In these cells, the condensin complex does not localize appropriately to the chromosomes. Similarly, in C. elegans, condensin activity is dependent on Aurora B in metaphase. However, in Xenopus cell extracts, condensin binding and chromosome condensation are independent of Aurora B. Likewise, after treating cells with an Aurora B enzyme inhibitor (Aurora B localization is not affected), the condensin complex localizes normally.
Aurora B localizes to the paired arms of homologous chromosomes in metaphase I of C. elegans meiosis.and perturbs microtubule dynamics in mitosis. Release of this cohesion, which is dependent on Aurora B, is required for progression to anaphase I and segregation of homologous chromosomes. In mitotic vertebrate B lymphocytes, the proper centromeric localization of a number of Aurora B binding partners requires cohesin.
Role in cytokinesis.
The Aurora B complex is necessary for cytokinesis in vertebrates, C. elegans, Drosophila, and fission yeast.
In various cell types, overexpression of a catalytically inactive Aurora B prevents cytokinesis. Disruption of cytokinesis can also arise from Aurora B mislocalization due to mutation of Aurora B binding partners.
Aurora B targets a number of proteins that localize to the cleavage furrow, including the type-III intermediate filament proteins vimentin, desmin, and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP). In general, phosphorylation destabilizes intermediate filaments. Therefore, it has been proposed that phosphorylation of intermediate filaments at the cleavage furrow destabilizes the filaments in preparation for cytokinesis. In agreement with this hypothesis, mutation of Aurora B target sites in intermediate filament proteins leads to defects in filament deformation and prevents the final stage of cytokinesis.
Aurora B also phosphorylates myosin II regulatory light chain at the cleavage furrow. Inhibition of Aurora B activity prevents proper myosin II localization to the cleavage furrow and disrupts spindle midzone organization.
Role in the spindle assembly checkpoint.
The spindle assembly checkpoint inhibits progression of mitosis from metaphase to anaphase until all sister chromatid pairs are bioriented. Cells lacking Aurora B fail to arrest in metaphase even when chromosomes lack microtubule attachment. Consequently, Aurora B deficiency leads to progression through anaphase despite the presence of misaligned chromosomes.
Aurora B may be involved in the localization of MAD2 and BubR1, proteins that recognize correct chromosome attachment to spindle microtubules. Loss of Aurora B lowers the concentration of Mad2 and BubR1 at the kinetochores. In particular, Aurora B seems to be responsible for maintaining the localization of Mad2 and BubR1 to the kinetochore following their initial recruitment, which occurs independent of Aurora B. Aurora B may be directly or indirectly involved in the hyper-phosphorylation of BubR1 seen in mitosis in wild-type cells.
Interactions.
Aurora B kinase has been shown to interact with:
Role in cancer.
Abnormally elevated levels of Aurora B kinase cause unequal chromosomal separation during cell division, resulting in the formation of cells with abnormal numbers of chromosomes, which are both a cause and driver of cancer.
Inhibition of Aurora B kinase by BI811283 in cancer cells leads to the formation of cells with severely abnormal numbers of chromosomes (polyploid). Counterintuitively, inhibition of Aurora B kinase actually causes the polyploid cells formed to continue dividing however, because these cells have severe chromosomal abnormalities, they eventually stop dividing or undergo cell death.

</doc>
<doc id="9874446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874446" title="Communist Unification">
Communist Unification

Communist Unification (, KS) was a communist organisation in Denmark. It was founded in November 2005, following a split from the Communist Party in Denmark. It claimed 42 members at the time of its foundation.
In November 2006, KS merged with Communist Party of Denmark (Marxist-Leninist) and formed the Communist Party. At the time of the dissolution of KS, the organisation claimed to have 85 members.

</doc>
<doc id="9874447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874447" title="Jonathan Dixon (actor)">
Jonathan Dixon (actor)

Jonathan Dixon (born 10 August 1988 in Pudsey) is a British television actor, best known for playing playground bully Matthew "Mooey" Humphries in long-running CBBC show "Grange Hill".
He appeared in Manchester-based soap opera "Coronation Street" as Darryl Morton. He joined the soap in March 2007.
He was a friend of Jack P. Shepherd who plays his on-screen friend David Platt before getting his role on "Coronation Street". It was reported on 15 May 2009 that Dixon and co-star Wanda Opalinska would be written out of the soap and would be departing later in the year with it being said that this was due to "natural storyline progression." He last appeared in the episode broadcast on 16 October 2009.
In April 2011 Jonathan achieved a long held ambition of his when he went to Birmingham to film a much anticipated episode of Doctors set to be broadcast on BBC1 in July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9874472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874472" title="University for Development Studies">
University for Development Studies

The University for Development Studies, Tamale was established in 1992 as a multi-campus institution. It is the fifth public university to be established in Ghana. This deviates from the usual practice of having universities with central campuses and administrations. It was created with the three northern regions of North Ghana in mind. These are the Northern Region, Upper East Region and the Upper West Region.
Third Trimester Field Practical Programme.
One of the unique features of the University is the fact that it has successfully blended it's academic programmes with intensive community –based field practical training, dubbed the Third Trimester Practical Programme (TTFPP). A whole of the third Trimester is devoted solely to practical field work in the local communities. Students of a given year group identify a specific region, and in smaller groups live and interact with the people in the local communities during each third trimester for a period of three years. Since its inception in 1993, the programme quality has improved over the years to the extent that in the 2002/2003 academic year, the University embarked on an integrated approach to the field practical training.
This significant modification entails the combination of students from all the faculties: Agriculture, Integrated Development Studies; Applied Science and the School of Medicine and Health Sciences. This integrated approach is informed by the growing awareness of the holistic approach to the solution of development problems of the deprived communities, which the School has positioned itself to serve. This Integrated approach would therefore enable students to appreciate community problems and opportunities in a holistic manner through the perception and appreciation of such problems from various angles, secondly, the integration will help broaden the knowledge and experience of students, as they would have the opportunity to interact and learn from each other. It will also foster in them the spirit of team work, which is very essential for work in a world that is becoming increasingly complex and requiring collective efforts to overcome challenges.
In consonance with the vision of the university, the integrated TTFPP will continue to be a community-centered and entails a three year active and constructive interaction between the University and the communities to work towards the solution of their development problems.
General Objectives.
This community-technical interface is aimed at:

</doc>
<doc id="9874476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874476" title="Ambulance Care Assistant">
Ambulance Care Assistant

Ambulance Care Assistants (ACA), transport non-emergency patients to and from hospital for pre-arranged appointments. They also work to discharge, transfer and admit patients. Working for the Patient Transport Service, they help patients in and out of the ambulance and take them to their appointment. Afterwards the patient is driven back to their home, and the care assistant will ensure they are settled in before leaving. Many of the people care assistants deal with are frail, elderly, physically disabled or have mental health problems. They are likely to be worried and nervous and need to be treated with kindness and patience. 
Throughout the working day staff are in regular contact with the control room, who update the crews of any change in appointments etc. to make sure that the crews are running to time. Their work involves a lot of heavy lifting, carrying and bending. Ambulance Care Assistants are responsible for the routine maintenance of their vehicle and its equipment. 
Some ambulance services in Britain have an ACA grade known as "Urgent-Tier". These staff will drive A & E ambulances and will partner with a Paramedic or Technician. Their role will involve the transport to hospital of "Urgent" (as opposed to Emergency) cases and they will usually provide inter-hospital transfers where the patients condition requires a higher degree of clinical care than a regular ACA can provide. This position requires successful completion of an emergency driving course, equal to that which Emergency crews must pass. The Urgent-Tier crew also can be called to attend emergency calls as first responding crew when no other crews are available.
Skills and interests.
In order to become an ambulance care assistant, you will need: 
a warm, outgoing, caring personality 
the ability to work with all types of people 
to enjoy helping people 
good driving skills and a full clean driving licence 
a strong sense of responsibility and a serious attitude to work 
good organisational skills 
to enjoy being part of a team 
physical and emotional stamina.
Entry.
The Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom are organised on a local basis and run by district health authorities or NHS trusts. Entry criteria and training may vary between regions. 
In general, to work as an ambulance care assistant you need:
to be over 18 years of age (21 in some services) 
to hold a full, usually clean, driving licence for at least one year, sometimes two - if you passed your test after 1996, you may need an extra driving qualification 
to satisfy the selection criteria set by the local ambulance service you are applying to - this may include testing your driving skills and knowledge of the Highway Code 
to have a medical assessment to make sure you are physically fit and have good eyesight. 
You also need a good general standard of education, and some ambulance services ask for a minimum of four GCSEs (A-C)/S grades (1-3) in English, maths and a science-based subject. Equivalent qualifications may be accepted; check with your local ambulance service.
Training.
Once accepted into a service, you take a two to four week training course which involves:
improving your driving skills 
developing moving and handling techniques 
first aid 
basic emergency accident management 
(in some services) administering oxygen therapy. 
You are tested by continuous assessment and also take written and practical examinations. 
If you reach the required standards you are attached to an ambulance station and work under the guidance of a trained supervisor for a probationary period before working unsupervised.
Working as an Ambulance Care Assistant is the established route to a career as an Ambulance Technician, and ultimately to Paramedic...this used to be the case, but progression in certain ambulance trusts is no longer available.

</doc>
<doc id="9874488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874488" title="Iver Johnson">
Iver Johnson

Iver Johnson was a U.S. firearms, bicycle, and motorcycle manufacturer from 1871 to 1993. The company shared the same name as its founder, Norwegian-born Iver Johnson (1841-1895). After closing, the name was resold and in 2006 Iver Johnson Arms opened in Rockledge, Florida selling shotguns and M1911 pistols. However, the new Iver Johnson company does not have any parts, guns or information relating to the pre-1993 company.
Iver Johnson.
Iver Johnson was born in Nordfjord in the year 1841, in Nordfjord, Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway and later emigrated from Norway to the United States. He was educated as a gunsmith in Bergen in 1857 and had a gun store in Oslo. He married Mary Elizabeth Speirs (born January 1847 ) on April 9, 1868, in Worcester, with whom he had 3 sons (Frederick Iver, John Lovell, and Walter Olof) and 2 daughters (Mary Louise and Nellie).
Iver Johnson immigrated to Worcester, Massachusetts from Norway in 1863 at the height of the American Civil War. Johnson was a gunsmith by trade at the time, but also worked as an inventor in his spare time, which would come in handy later on as he sought new and creative uses for his partially idle manufacturing equipment, a thought process which would eventually lead him and his heirs to diversify the corporation's businesses. His early work involved not only gunsmithing locally in Worcester, MA, but it also included providing designs and work to other firearms companies, notably Allen & Wheelock for whom he made so-called "pepperbox" pistols.
Johnson Bye & Company.
In 1871, Johnson joined Martin Bye to form the Johnson Bye & Company, merging his own and Martin Bye's gunsmithing operations. During this period, Johnson and Bye filed for and received several new firearms features and firearms feature improvement patents. Their primary revenues came from the sale of their self designed and manufactured inexpensive models of revolvers. Not much is known about Martin Bye, as there is very little documented information about his life. 
Bye and Johnson filed jointly for and were awarded multiple patents together, mostly related to firearms designs, beginning in 1876. The company’s name changed to Iver Johnson & Company in 1883 upon Johnson's purchase of Bye's interest in the firm. Bye continued to work in the firearm industry for the remainder of his life.
Iver Johnson's Arms & Cycle Works.
The company's name changed again to Iver Johnson's Arms & Cycle Works in 1891, when the company relocated to Fitchburg, Massachusetts, (sometimes incorrectly referred to as "Fitzburg") in order to have better and larger manufacturing facilities. The Iver Johnson Complex, as it is known today, resembles other abandoned Industrial Revolution-era properties in New England. As has been the trend, the complex is often a target for real estate developers who intend to exploit its buildings' industrial brick aesthetics and open floor plans to create retail, residential, or other types of usable space.
Iver Johnson died of tuberculosis in 1895, and his sons took over the business. Frederick Iver, (born 10/2/1871), John Lovell (born 6/26/1876), and Walter Olof (born August 1878), each had vastly different levels of involvement in the company ranging from executive leadership to barely any involvement at all. They shepherded the company through a phase of expansion, as bicycle operations grew, then converted to motorcycle manufacturing and sales. They also saw the growth of the firearms business and the eventual restructuring of the company to focus on firearms and related business as they divested non-firearms concerns, such as the motorcycle business, in the face of growing firearms demand, World War I's armaments industry expansion, and other factors. As family ownership waned and outside investment via publicly traded stock and mergers/acquisitions/partnerships took hold, the company changed ownership and moved several times during its operation. 
The company eventually dropped "Cycle Works" from its moniker when that part of the business was shut down. The business successfully weathered the Great Depression (in part thanks to higher rates of armed robbery, which helped maintain demand for personal firearms) and was buoyed by the dramatic increase in the market for arms leading up to and during World War II. As a result of changes in ownership, the company had the first of two major relocations in 1971 when it moved to New Jersey. It moved again to Jacksonville, Arkansas, and was jointly owned by Lynn Lloyd and Lou Imperato, who also owned the Henry brand name, before it finally ceased trading under its own name in 1993, at which time it was owned by American Military Arms Corporation (AMAC).
Iver Johnson firearm models.
Iver Johnson nomenclature refers to its top-break revolvers as Safety Automatics. These are revolvers, not semi-automatic pistols. The term “Safety Automatic” refers to Iver Johnson’s transfer bar safety system (“safety”) and the automatic ejection of cartridges upon breaking open the revolvers (“automatic”).
Safety automatic.
Standard models with external hammer:
William McKinley assassination.
Presidential assassin Leon Czolgosz shot and wounded U.S. President William McKinley in Buffalo, New York on September 6, 1901 with an Iver Johnson .32 caliber Safety Automatic revolver (serial number 463344). (McKinley succumbed to these wounds nearly 8 days later, at 2:15 am on the 14th of September). The revolver is currently on display at the Buffalo History Museum in Buffalo.
Robert Kennedy assassination.
Sirhan Sirhan shot and killed Presidential candidate United States Senator Robert F. Kennedy in Los Angeles, California on 5 June 1968 with an eight-shot Iver Johnson .22 caliber Cadet 55-A revolver (serial number H-53725, Trial-People's Exhibit #6, misidentified in trial testimony as S/N H-18602).
Bicycles.
Iver Johnson bicycles are classic examples of early American bicycles, and during the bicycle boom of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the company had a very productive bicycle manufacturing and sales line of business. Today, Iver Johnsons are considered to be "classics" by vintage bicycle collectors, and are considered to be especially pleasing from an aesthetic point of view. O.F. Mossberg worked in the bicycle plant and then started his own firearms factory.
Even when they were new, I-J's were marketed and had a reputation for being very graceful looking, well built, and engineered for performance. Iver Johnson sponsored the career of bicycle racing champion Marshall Taylor beginning in 1900. The most noted I-J model was the truss-bridge frame which featured a curved tube under the top tube to strengthen the frame for use on the rough roads of the early twentieth century. Bicycle production ceased in 1940 with the buildup of arms production prior to World War II.
Today, Iver Johnson bicycles are highly collectible and are no more rare than most other major manufacturer's products from that time. The name Iver Johnson is well known amongst vintage firearm collectors, but aside from that, bicycles would be the brand's next most popularly associated product. There is even an Iver Johnson bicycle on display at the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History in the "America on the Move" exhibit.
Motorcycles.
Launched in Fitchburg, MA in 1907, The Iver Johnson Company motorcycle division was born from the conversion of a line of business that had been manufacturing bicycles for some 23 years prior to that point. Ultimately, the arms division of the business was growing so rapidly to meet demand that management decided to focus on that market and as a result motorcycle operations closed in 1916 (varying sources claim the last year as being 1915, with 1916 seeing only the sales of remaining 1915 produced inventory), bringing to an end 33 years of total cycle operations (23 for bicycles, and another 10 for motorcycle and run-off bicycle business).
In The Illustrated Directory of World Motorcycles, author "Mirco de Cet" reports:
Iver Johnson's Arms and Cycle Works had been building bicycles for 23 years when it entered the motorcycle business, and had started manufacturing firearms many years earlier. The Iver Johnson design was unconventional in many respects. The top and middle frame tubes were bent to arch over the engine, and the front fork was an interesting leading link, leaf spring design. Customers could choose either rigid or swingarm rear suspension. This was known as a keystone frame, one that employs the engine as a stressed member.
The side-valve singles and twins had two different valve mechanisms. The belt-drive single featured a longitudinal camshaft driven by worm gears, the shaft extending forward through the case to drive the magneto. On the V-twin and chain-drive single, the cams were incorporated in a large ring gear driven by a pinion gear on the crankshaft. The magneto on these engines was chain-driven. The V-twin was designed with offset crankpins, which provided evenly spaced combustion strokes, so exhaust note sounded like a vertical twin. The engine featured both mechanical and hand oild pumps. Final version of the twin were equipped with a planetary clutch, with either an Eclipse two-speed hub or a single speed. The twin was rated at eight horsepower, and the single at 4.5 hp.
In 1916 the market for weapons began to seriously outstrip the prospects for motorcycle sales, so the company turned its attention to firearms and tools.
As "de Cet" notes, there were options and variations of models of I-J motorcycles available, such as belt drive vs. chain drive, or solid-rear vs. suspended swingarm, but mostly they were categorized by engine type, either V-Twin or Single Cylinder configurations, with other characteristics being considered as "Options," and not necessarily defining traits of a particular model. The specifications for the basic model classifications are:
Engine: Side-valve V-twin (Transversely Mounted, with one cylinder pointing forward, and the other backwards, with an acute angle between them
Fuel: Gasoline (leaded)
Displacement: 1020 cc (62.22 in³)
Power: 7 to 8 hp (5 to 6 kW)
Wheelbase: 58in (147 cm)
Weight: 265 lb (120 kg)
Top speed: 65 mph (105 km/h)
Starting: Pedal
Drive: Belt or chain
Engine: Single cylinder (Vertically Mounted)
Fuel: Gasoline (leaded)
Displacement: 500 cc (30.512 in³)
Power: Unknown
Wheelbase: Unknown
Weight: Unknown
Top speed: Unknown
Starting: Pedal
Drive: Belt
According to Jeffry L'H. Tank's "History of the Motorcycle", Iver Johnson advertised their machines as "Mechanical Perfection," a boast that was not entirely unbelievable given the number of advanced design features in especially their later models, such as dual crankshafts, nickel-alloy machined parts, chain drive, and a hand-operated three-speed gearbox. In fact, amongst collectors and researchers such as Tank who have the benefit of hindsight, Iver-Johnsons of the day, such as the 1915 Model 15-7 are the finest period examples of motorcycle engineering of the day, along with a very select few others, such as Scotts.
In modern times, Iver Johnson motorcycles are as rare and collectible as any of the products of the myriad other early short-lived American motorcycle manufacturers that existed during the early days of the technology, such as Holley or Henderson, or even from British/European manufacturers like The Scott Motorcycle Company or Brough Motorcycles or Daimler-Maybach or Hildebrand & Wolfmüller. Considering that production ran for only 10 years, with 2 of those being used for the startup and shutdown of operations, examples of Iver Johnson motorcycles at all are rare, let alone those in collectible condition, and collectors should expect to face considerable difficulty in finding them and great expense when they are ultimately found (especially if found in restored, authentic condition).
End of Iver Johnson and revival of name.
Though all vestiges of Iver Johnson as a going concern are now gone as of 1993, there is still a great deal of interest in the company and the collection of their products, although that interest is focused on their firearms business and not their motorcycle business. Where their motorcycles are collected, they are collected as examples of early motorcycles (as is the case with the products of many of the companies from the early days of the industry) and in an effort to catalog all of the early manufacturers, not so much out of inherent interest in Iver-Johnson motorcycles themselves.
In 2006 the name was reused as Iver Johnson Arms Incorporated in Florida as manufacturer and importer of firearms (from Philippines, Turkey, Belgium), but not related to the old Iver Johnson lines. The new firm was renamed from Squires Bingham International, founded in 1973.
References.
https://familysearch.org/pal:/MM9.1.1/M68R-JYK
https://familysearch.org/pal:/MM9.1.1/N4ZG-BF4

</doc>
<doc id="9874504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874504" title="ETSI Satellite Digital Radio">
ETSI Satellite Digital Radio

ETSI Satellite Digital Radio (SDR or ETSI SDR) describes a standard of satellite digital radio. It is an activity of the European standardisation organisation ETSI.
It addresses systems where a satellite broadcast directly to mobile and handheld receivers in L band or S band and is complemented by terrestrial transmitters. The broadcast content consists of multicast audio (digital radio), video (mobile TV) and data (program guide, text and graphical information, as well as off-line content). The satellite component allows geographical coverage at low cost, whereas the terrestrial component improves reception quality in built up areas. The specifications considers conditional access and Digital Rights Management.
1worldspace will use ETSI SDR in its new network covering Europe from 2009. Also Ondas Media has announced to use ETSI SDR.
The ETSI SDR is also similar to the Sirius XM Radio, the S-DMB used in South Korea for multimedia broadcasting since May 2005, the China Multimedia Mobile Broadcasting (CMMB) and the defunct MobaHo! service (2004-2009). The DVB-SH specifications, which the DVB Project has created, target similar broadcast systems as ETSI SDR.
ETSI SDR Standard.
The ETSI SDR standard allows implementation of parts of such networks in an interoperable way. So far, ETSI has standardized the physical layer of the air interface (radio interface). This allows implementation of demodulators in integrated circuits. The physical layer is described by the following parts of ETSI EN 302 550:
These three parts replace the previous ETSI SDR standards ETSI TS 102 550, ETSI TS 102 551-1 and ETSI TS 102 551-2. 
The following technical report contains guidelines for the use of these standards:
The following technical report describes the facts and assumptions on which the SDR standards are based:
Note that in this document the word "may" replaces the word "shall" due to a decision of the ETSI Board in June 2006.
All ETSI specifications are open standards available at ETSI Publications Download Area (this will open ETSI document search engine; free registration is required to download PDF files).

</doc>
<doc id="9874515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874515" title="Mark Evans (TV presenter)">
Mark Evans (TV presenter)

Mark Evans is an English veterinary surgeon turned television presenter, who is also a skilled amateur automotive engineer.
Early and personal life.
Educated at Warwick School, he failed his A Levels the first time due to completing restoration work on a Triumph Herald 1360 convertible. He graduated from the Royal Veterinary College at the University of London, where he won the silver medal for his surgical skills, and also met his wife Sarah. The couple have two sons, and live in Guildford, Surrey.
Veterinarian.
Evans developed his career in private veterinary practise, mainly with dogs, cats and horses at a practise in the Surrey Hills. He has written 12 books on animal care and welfare. He was the RSPCA's chief veterinary advisor between 2007 and 2010, causing some controversy in August 2008 after branding show dogs and dog shows as a "parade of mutants", resulting in the RSPCA withdrawing its support that year to the annual Crufts dog show.
Television.
His TV career started in 1990 when he complained about an item on TV-am that made fun of fat pets, and was invited as a guest on the show giving advice to the owner of an obese cat.
In 1994 he was offered a partnership in a large veterinary practise, or to help develop a new animal-rescue based television series with Endemol. Concluding that he could save more animals in 3minutes on television than in a life of service as a vet, he developed the format for "Pet Rescue" on Channel 4, becoming both presenter and an Associate producer.
Evans has since presented over 1,000 shows, including shows based around pets, gardens, children's television and vehicles. In 2000 he founded Jungle TV, which has since co-produced all of his subsequent productions.
Animals.
Evans has worked as a presenter and producer on several animal television shows.
Engineering.
In 1999, he co-devised the workshop-based "Is Born" format for Discovery Networks Europe. Since then, he has co-produced and presented ten series for Discovery Home & Leisure (now Discovery Real Time) and are often repeated on Discovery's Quest channel. The shows have transmitted in over 70 countries around the world.
He also co-devised and presented Dream Machines - a vehicle restoration series on Channel 5.

</doc>
<doc id="9874519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874519" title="Sea Life Centres">
Sea Life Centres

Sea Life Centres are a chain of commercial sealife-themed attractions. there were about 50 centres located around the world, with others under construction. The chain is owned by the British company, Merlin Entertainments.
Attractions.
Sea Life Centres aim to combine modern display technology, biological expertise, and entertainment to provide themed journeys through European and tropical waters. This often provides close encounters with sealife, from shrimps and starfish to seahorses, sharks and stingrays.
Sea Life Centres also claim to champion the cause of marine conservation through education, awareness and, wherever possible, direct action.
Sanctuaries.
Sea Life Sanctuaries and Seal Sanctuaries operate from three centres in the United Kingdom as well as one location in Australia. The United Kingdom locations include the Cornish Seal Sanctuary in Gweek, Cornwall; the Hunstanton Sea Life Sanctuary in Norfolk; and the Scottish Sea Life Sanctuary at Oban. Manly Sea Life Sanctuary (formerly Oceanworld Manly) operates in Australia. The Hunstanton facility operates otter and penguin sanctuaries as well as a seal hospital.
Since 2001 all Sea Life Centre conservation, rescue, and campaigning work has come under the SOS scheme, an acronym for "Save Our Seas." SOS supports the work of wildlife charities and campaign groups including Greenpeace, the Worldwide Fund for Nature, the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society, and the British Divers Marine Life Rescue. Each centre also has a headline campaign which changes periodically. Past campaigns have advocated increased protection for loggerhead sea turtles, and restrictions on the practice of shark finning.
Locations.
United Kingdom.
Other centres are located at Blackpool, Brighton, Great Yarmouth, Trafford Centre Manchester, Weymouth and Balloch, Loch Lomond (Glasgow), Scotland. Related 'theme-park' resorts are at Chessington World of Adventures Resort, Alton Towers Theme Park, and Legoland Windsor
Europe.
Centres are located in Germany at Berlin, Cuxhaven, Königswinter, Konstanz, Munich, Nuremberg and Oberhausen - home of Paul, the psychic octopus who predicted the German national football team's results, until his death in October 2010; Speyer, Timmendorfer Strand, and Hanover
Other centres are at Blankenberge, Belgium; Bray, Ireland; Helsinki, Finland; Val d'Europe, Paris, France; The Hague, Netherlands; Benalmádena, Spain; Porto, Portugal; and Jesolo, Italy. Related 'theme-park' resorts are at Billund, Denmark; 
Legoland Atlantis by Sea Life, German; and Gardaland Sea Life, Italy
United States.
Centres are located at Tempe, Arizona; Bloomington, Minnesota; Grapevine, Texas; Kansas City; Charlotte, North Carolina; and another is planned at Orlando, Florida. There is a related 'theme park' at Carlsbad, California, at Legoland California Resort.
Oceania.
Centres are located in Australia at Manly Sea Life Sanctuary, Sea Life Melbourne, Sea Life Mooloolaba and Sea Life Sydney Aquarium
New Zealand has Kelly Tarlton's Sea Life Aquarium, Auckland.
Asia.
Centres are located at Sea Life Bangkok, Sea Life Busan and Sea Life Shanghai

</doc>
<doc id="9874528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874528" title="Hare and Loathing in Las Vegas">
Hare and Loathing in Las Vegas

Hare and Loathing in Las Vegas is a 2003 Bugs Bunny cartoon short, which co-starred Yosemite Sam. It was directed by Peter Shin and Bill Kopp and produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
The cartoon was never released theatrically (due to ""s poor box-office performance); it was initially released on the Australian DVD release of "Back In Action" (from which Sam reprises his role as a casino owner) and was later included in "The Essential Bugs Bunny" DVD set.
The title is a parody of Hunter S. Thompson's book "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" and its film of the same name.
Plot.
Bugs is living in his rabbit hole just outside of Las Vegas, when Yosemite Sam builds a casino over it. Being given the option to gamble or get out, Bugs tries his luck. At every game he plays (blackjack, roulette, slots) he seemingly cannot lose, much to Sam's consternation. By the time he leaves with a sum total of $8,042,123,297.55, Sam is down to his last quarter. After reprimanding a group of cheaters, he notices that lucky medals, four leaf clovers, horse shoes, or rabbit's feet are not allowed, and realizes he's been duped.
Bugs has meanwhile used his newfound riches to buy a luxury hotel suite. Sam follows him shooting and Bugs is forced to win a prize car to outrace him; Sam meanwhile drives a giant boat, complete with cannons. The two race out of Las Vegas all the way to the Hoover Dam. There is a conveniently placed slot machine, which Sam uses his last quarter to play. He "wins" and the screen reads H2O, causing the dam to burst.
Sam phones Bugs, who is atop the now empty dam, to tell him, "I hate you, rabbit." Porky ends the film with his usual "That's all folks!"

</doc>
<doc id="9874531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874531" title="Luke Timothy Johnson">
Luke Timothy Johnson

Luke Timothy Johnson (born November 20, 1943) is an American New Testament scholar and historian of early Christianity. He is the Robert W. Woodruff Professor of New Testament and Christian Origins at Candler School of Theology and a Senior Fellow at the Center for the Study of Law and Religion at Emory University. Johnson's research interests encompass the Jewish and Greco-Roman contexts of early Christianity (particularly moral discourse), Luke-Acts, the Pastoral Epistles, and the Epistle of James.
Early life.
A native of Park Falls, Wisconsin, Johnson was educated in public and parochial schools. A Benedictine monk and priest at St. Joseph Abbey, St. Benedict, Louisiana from 1963 to 1972, he received a B.A. in Philosophy from Notre Dame Seminary in 1966, a M.Div. in Theology from Saint Meinrad School of Theology in 1970, an M.A. in Religious Studies from Indiana University, and a Ph.D. in New Testament from Yale University in 1976. He has taught at St. Meinrad, Saint Joseph Seminary College, Yale Divinity School, and Indiana University.
Academic career.
Johnson is a critic of the Jesus Seminar, having taken stances against Burton Mack, Robert Funk and John Dominic Crossan in discussions of the "historical Jesus". Johnson objects to the Seminar's historical methodology.
In some areas, he disagrees with Roman Catholic teaching. He has publicly declared his support for women's ordination and he has expressed concern for what he perceives to be the Roman Catholic Church's overemphasis and singling out of homosexual partnerships amidst the myriad of other sexual sins condemned in the Bible.
Johnson has produced lectures on early Christianity and ancient Greek philosophy for The Teaching Company.
Recognition.
He is the recipient of the 2011 University of Louisville Grawemeyer Award in Religion. 
Personal life.
Johnson married Joy Randazzo in 1974 and is stepfather to six children and father of one.
Publications.
Johnson is also the author of a large number of scholarly articles, encyclopedia, anthology and popular articles, book reviews, and other academic papers and lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="9874555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874555" title="Time of troubles">
Time of troubles

Time of troubles can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874573" title="Una virus">
Una virus

Una virus is a subtype of the Mayaro virus (MAYV)4, one of the Semliki Forest Virus (SFV) complex of the "Togaviridae" family. According to the Baltimore classification of viruses, it is a class IV virus. It has a linear single-stranded RNA genome. The Una virus is an Arbovirus or arthropod-borne virus, transmitted primarily by an arthropod species.
Location and distribution.
The Una virus is a widely distributed in South America, where infections have been detected in mosquitoes and vertebrate hosts such as humans, birds and horses. It was first isolated in the "Psorophora ferox" mosquitoes in the state of Pará, Brazil. The virus is widely distributed in tropical and subtropical regions of Central and South America, such as Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Panama, Surinam, Trinidad and Venezuela. It is the only member of the SFV complex which has activity reported in Argentina, where two strains of the virus, (Cba An 979 and Cba An 995) have been isolated from febrile or dead equines at Rio Segundo and Colonia Videla, two villages located in the province of Córdoba. The reporting of the Una virus in Argentina demonstrates an enlargement of the southern limit of the distribution of this virus group.

</doc>
<doc id="9874583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874583" title="Yi Dong-hwi">
Yi Dong-hwi

Yi Donghwi (; August 2, 1873 ~ January 31, 1935) was a prominent socialist of Korea, and the second Prime Minister of the Provisional Government of Republic of Korea.
In 1911 Yi was exiled in Manchuria and moved to Primorsky Krai From 1919 to 1921 he was defense minister of the government in exile in Shanghai.
Yi died in 1935 in Shinhanchon in Vladivostok, USSR and re-interred in South Korea in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9874594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874594" title="Alfred Kahn">
Alfred Kahn

Alfred or Al Kahn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874600" title="Joyce Coad">
Joyce Coad

Joyce Coad (April 14, 1917 "-" May 3, 1987) was a child actress in motion pictures from Wyoming.
Child prodigy.
Coad was the survivor of triplets whose parents died shortly after she was born. She was adopted by a childless couple and taken to Los Angeles, California. By the age of five she became a reader of children's stories on radio KHJ-AM in Los Angeles with the Beacon Light Company. It was commented that Coad's genius was first observed when she began to commit to memory songs, speeches, and music she heard over the radio.
Film actress.
Coad's good fortune was moving to Los Angeles at the same time that Metro Goldwyn Mayer was searching for a "million dollar baby". She won a contest conducted by a local newspaper and was brought to Hollywood to play the leading role in "Hearts In Dixie". She was selected from among one thousand youngsters to play a part in "The Devil's Circus" (1926). Directed by J. Leo Meehan, Coad played the role of "Little Anita".
She performed the role of "Pearl" in "The Scarlet Letter" (1926), a film which featured Lillian Gish. Louis B. Mayer chose Victor Seastrom to direct the movie. He proved a fine choice because of his attentiveness to characterization. "Drums of Love" (1928), directed by D.W. Griffith, is set in the middle of the nineteenth century in South America. Coad appeared in the role of the little sister in a screen production which starred Lionel Barrymore, Don Alvarado, and Tully Marshall.
The number of her film appearances declined after 1931. She played the role of "Elsa The German Milkmaid" in "Captured!" (1933). In June 1937 Coad was cast in "The Deerslayer", which was being filmed by Standard Pictures. She was twenty years old.
Joyce Coad died in California in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9874602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874602" title="Moto Kikaku">
Moto Kikaku

However, "Strider" was not the only Moto Kikaku property to be adapted. Capcom based four games on Motomiya's "Tenchi wo Kurau" series: "Destiny of an Emperor" and "Destiny of an Emperor II" for the NES, and "Dynasty Wars" and "Warriors of Fate" for the CPS-1. 
Moto Kikaku is credited whenever Strider Hiryu appears in a game. On the staff roll for the PC-Engine port of "Warriors of Fate", they share a "Special Thanks" credit on the same line with Hiroshi Motomiya.

</doc>
<doc id="9874605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874605" title="Turkish Air Force Academy">
Turkish Air Force Academy

The Turkish Air Force Academy (TuAFA) () is a four-year co-educational military academy located in the city of Istanbul, Turkey. It is the main human resource for the Turkish Air Force Command.
It was founded in 1951, replacing the Army Flight School, with the mandate to train the officers of the Turkish Air Force. The academy provides an engineering education to Air Force cadets from Turkey as well as a number of other countries, and prepares them for careers in their respective Air Forces. TuAFA is recognized by the Turkish Council of Higher Education, as a university accredited to grant engineering degrees. It should not be confused with the Air War College ("Hava Harp Akademisi"). 
Since 1992, the Academy has accepted female cadets and allied countries' cadets for enrolment. Accepting cadets not only from Turkey, but also all over the world makes this college very unusual.
The aim of the academy is to produce officers who have;
With its core values, the college seeks to develop officer candidates' integrity, bravery and honour.
History.
The Air Force Academy was first founded (as the “Air School”) in order to develop Turkish Military Aviation. It began operations on July 3, 1912 in Yeşilköy, then moved to Eskişehir in 1926 and France-trained Captain Muzaffer GÖKSENIN became its first Director . As a result of developments in aviation and, in particular with the introduction of jet fighters into the Force, Chief of Staff of the Air Force Lieutenant General Muzaffer GÖKSENIN transformed the Air School in Eskişehir was into the Air Force Academy on October 1, 1951 under the command of Staff Colonel Gavsi UÇAGÖK. The 56 Air Force 3rd Lieutenants who graduated on August 30, 1953 were the first officers who were trained by the Air Force Academy exclusively. On the same day the Air Force Academy received its standard from the Air Force Commander Lieutenant General Fevzi UÇANER on behalf of the President of the Turkish Republic. 
On September 17, 1954, the Air Force Academy was moved to İzmir due to the inadequacies in Eskişehir. 
In 1955 flight training was moved back to the period after the initial two-year academic education and the number of trainees was increased from 68 to 136.
1955 was the most populous year of the Academy with 429 cadets enrolled in that year. In the same year, a first female cadet was recruited. 
After 1960 the Air Military High School became the main source of Cadets for the Air Force Academy. Civilian high schools became secondary sources of students. 
Rapid improvements in aviation and space technologies demanded fundamental changes in the education and training provided by the Academy. On July 4, 1967 the Academy was moved to İstanbul in order to be able to access the resources and instructors of the universities and War Academies. The facilities which were constructed in Yeşilyurt İstanbul for the Air Military High School were converted for the Air Force Academy. 
On August 30, 1968 the Air Force Academy had its first graduates in İstanbul. The duration of the training was expanded from two years to three years in the 1969-1970 education period, and to four years in 1974.
Until 1960 female cadets had been admitted to the Academy. In 1992 after 32 years once again they began to be admitted, and a total number of 134 female officers have graduated from the Academy from 1996 to the present (2011).
Since 1992, 120 cadets of friendly and allied countries have also been trained in the Turkish Air Force Academy.
On May 17, 2000 the Air Force Academy Dean of the Faculty was established. The foundation of the Air Force Academy Dean of the Faculty was a milestone in support of the academic activities to be implemented in a modern and efficient way.
The Aeronautics and Space Technologies Institute was founded in 2001 for graduate studies. The institute serves as a higher education institute for both Air Force and other service branches. 
The Air Force Academy covers an area of 4.5 million square metres. Indoor and outdoor facilities are at Yeşilyurt, Istanbul and flight and encampment facilities are at Yalova.
Program.
The Academy's aim is to have pilot candidates who are trained in modern science and technology, and capable of dealing with the problems and issues of military daily life, and also with the attributes and abilities to strengthen the Turkish Armed Forces. The Academy uses different ways to achieve those aims via military, academic, affective domain, and physical education and training.
TuAFA is a four-year institution of higher learning, providing an academic education, military training and physical training.
Academic Program.
Undergraduate Programs.
The Academy educates cadets within the following departments in contemporary academic knowledge and skills with theoretical and practical lessons: 
Aeronautical Engineering, Electronic Engineering, Computer Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Applied Sciences, Military And Social Sciences, Foreign Languages, and Administrative Science.
Graduate Programs.
The Aeronautics and Space Technologies Institute (ASTIN) initially offered graduate programs in Aeronautics, Electronics, Computer, and Industrial Engineering subjects. An Aerospace program was initiated in the 2003-2004 academic year. The graduate program which offered 4 Master of Science (M.S.) programs at the start now continues with 5 programs. In addition, a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) program in 4 disciplines is now being offered, and as well as the Master of Science programs, there is a newly opened program in Administrative Science, which aims to increase the management abilities of the cadets.
Physical training.
In the Academy, cadets trained to become jet pilots are prepared both physically and psychologically for demanding situations that they will face. 
The aims of the Physical Training Department are to get cadets enjoy doing sports, to contribute to the physical development of the cadets, to ensure the cadets consider sports as a way of life and do sports life-time and to teach cadets the sports techniques needed to do sports by themselves.
CISM (Conseil International du Sport Militaire) and EUAFA (European Air Force Academies) sports events are held each year and the relevant teams attend the events. 
The sports branches in the Academy are:
Shooting, Track Field, Basketball, Fencing, Soccer, Aeronautical Pentathlon, Handball, Cross Country, Orienteering, Table Tennis, Taekwondo, Volleyball, Swimming, Tennis, Chess.
In all sports branches the aim is to develop body and brain together. All cadets must take part in a sport branch.
Military training.
Military training is provided under the programs Mechanic Marksmanship and Rifle Practice, Military Culture, Protocol and Rules of Good Manners.
The purpose of Military Training is to inculcate discipline and the spirit of a soldier, to gain leadership in order to behave as a team commander when needed, to gain moral qualities which every soldier must possess, to gain physical efficiency, endurance, initiative and the spirit of a warrior.
During the Air Force Academy education period, cadets also receive Applied Flight Training. With the help of this training, cadets improve their knowledge and skills about aviation. 
Cadets also receive Leadership Training and Character Training.
Social Clubs.
The purpose of the activities of pedagogical clubs is improving cadets’ abilities which they already have, providing them with a study of science and fine arts and providing opportunity for them to gain new abilities, increasing their good manners and general knowledge.
Cadets taking part in these clubs display their works at the Eagles’ week every year or on other occasions. Following are the social clubs in the Air Force Academy; Band Club, Music Club, Drawing/Marbling Club, Folk Dance Club, Model Aircraft, Electronics Club, Media Club, Drama Club. 
In addition, Project, Computer, Second Language Learning and English Conversation clubs are other extra curricular activities.
Supporting services.
The Academy also contains supporting services such as Security Company Command, Light Weapon Maintenance Unit, Photograph Studio, Service Company Command, Engineering – Maintenance Battalion Command, Communications Electronics and Information Systems Company Command, Band Command and Transportation Battalion Command.

</doc>
<doc id="9874621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874621" title="Vague Us">
Vague Us

Vague Us is a 2001 album by the Welsh indie rock band Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi. The album received generally positive reviews, "The Independent" stating that "this trio's energy and diversity make for something that's really rather exciting". Fraser Middleton writes in the "Glasgow Evening Times" that "there is a glorious abandon to Mo*Ho*Bish*Op*I which is really refreshing. "Vague Us" sounds like the album the band desperately wanted to make, rather than one the record company or producer manipulated out of them".

</doc>
<doc id="9874633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874633" title="King Edward VI College, Nuneaton">
King Edward VI College, Nuneaton

King Edward VI College is a sixth form college located in Nuneaton, England, in Warwickshire. Currently, it teaches subjects in preparation for AS and A-level Examinations, for students generally aged sixteen to eighteen. The college presently accommodates approximately 1100 students from Warwickshire, West Midlands and neighbouring counties.
History.
Independent school.
King Edward VI School came into being on 11 May 1552 as an independent school, following the grant of a royal charter by King Edward VI. The school was originally a fee paying school, although the county council provided some scholarships, and became non-fee paying as a result of the education act of 1944. The voluntary aided school had around 400 boys in the 1960s. Although often referred to locally as "The Grammar School", at no time in its existence was King Edwards ever an actual grammar school, something which its teachers were at pains to point out to its pupils. 
Sixth form college.
In 1974 the direct aid school closed and was re-established as King Edward VI College.
Site.
The oldest surviving school building located in the grounds of the St. Nicholas Church dates from 1595, was rebuilt in 1696 and was used as a school until 1880. In 1880, the school was relocated to the current site on King Edward Road, the other side of the church yard. The new building was built in a Tudor style by the architect C.C. Rolfe. The college was frequently extended during the 20th century to accommodate growing numbers of students. The Arnold Building, a new building opposite the main college site, was completed in 1994. In 2006, another small building was constructed next to the Arnold Building to hold the history department.
The New College.
In recent years, the college has expanded its site with a new Study Centre, a specifically designed modern Art Block, Law Classrooms, Physics Labs, a re-developed library and Student Refectory.
Extracurricular activities.
The Student Voice.
A codified constitution was created in 2007 which made provisions for student representation in college affairs. It identified two institutions responsible for representing the students of the college; the 'College Council' which consists of representatives from each tutor group in the college and the 'Student Executive Committee', which consists of six elected positions:
Collectively the College Council and Student Executive Committee are responsible for: organising charity fund-raising events, College Parties and the end of year Valedictory Ball. They are also involved in planning the annual 'Celebrating Student Achievement Evening', they meet with the Board of Governors and may make proposals regarding various student/college related issues to the Principal of the College.
Sports teams.
The Nuneaton Old Edwardians Rugby Football Club (RFC) was initially founded in 1910 to provide rugby football for former pupils of the Grammar School, the club went open in 1955 allowing players from all backgrounds to join. The club is still active and is participating in the Midlands 1 East League.
Enrichment activities.
The college offers an enrichment programme which is designed to offer a wide range of sporting and recreational opportunities to students. These timetabled activities take place once a week and are compulsory for first year students. Although enrichment is not compulsory for students after their first year, they are free to continue with it if they choose. Activities include various sporting activities, participation in college media (e.g. the college newspaper, radio station and film-making club) and a variety of clubs/societies.
Alumni Association.
The King Edward VI College Alumni Association was launched in May 2011 by former students Vicky Fowler and Mohsin Shah. The association is open to all former college students and staff members. It aims to organise social and network events for former students of the college, provide careers advice support for current students and promote the work of King Edward VI College within the local community.
Academic performance.
King Edward VI College is at the heart of its community and has an excellent reputation associated with the very high standards of teaching and learning, excellent student outcomes and a tremendous breadth of programmes available. The college offers 45 AS and A level courses, and an additional a range of GCSE and BTEC courses. Around 40% of students gain grades A or B at A level and the pass rate is at the average for the sixth form sector, the highest performing sector in education at 98%. Virtually all BTEC students earn Merit grades or better. Student retention is high at 95%. Every year around 6 students go to Oxford or Cambridge Universities. Almost all 99.2% of students - achieve positive destinations: the majority, 75%, go onto University, 5% go onto FE/Apprenticeships and around 20% gain employment. The College has frequently won awards for having the top performing student in the summer examination series across a range of subjects. Mathematics, Biology, Chemistry and Physics student win Olympiad Gold, Silver and Bronze Medals every year. 
Secondary Schools.
The college offers higher level students from local secondary schools the opportunity to undertake additional AS/A level courses.

</doc>
<doc id="9874638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874638" title="Felixstowe Academy">
Felixstowe Academy

Felixstowe Academy is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Felixstowe, Suffolk, England. 
The school was formed in September 2011 from the merger of Orwell High School and Deben High School. Formerly, the school operated from both of these school sites, before all pupils were later accommodated by the recently constructed new buildings at the former Orwell High School site, with the old Deben High School premise being closed. Felixstowe Academy's new buildings costed approximately £19 million, and were officially opened for teaching on Monday 28th April, 2014. 
The school offers further education (FE) courses, primarily at A Level, but also several specialised vocational courses.
History.
Orwell High School was a medium size secondary community school with Specialist Technology College status. 
In 2006 the school was issued with a notice to improve. There was a subsequent inspection in 2007 in which the school was seen to be making "satisfactory progress" and therefore the notice to improve was revoked. In 2010 51% of Orwell candidates gained five GCSEs grade A* to C in English and Maths. In October 2009 OFSTED stated that the school was satisfactory, but Leadership and Management and the Capacity to Improve were both good. 
In September 2009 the school became a foundation school supported by the charitable Felixstowe Learning Trust. 
The Executive Headteacher, Robert Cawley, started at the school in 2010, following a period of instability and leadership change. The previous Headteacher, Peter Tomkins resigned from his post in May 2010 having been suspended for sexual misconduct since February 2010. A statement from John Barker, the Chair of Governors, thanked Peter for his hard work and dedication.
In September 2011 the school was formally merged with Deben High School, to form Felixstowe Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="9874652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874652" title="Kander">
Kander

Kander is the name of two European rivers:
Kander may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9874659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874659" title="Nessie (disambiguation)">
Nessie (disambiguation)

Nessie is the colloquial name for the Loch Ness Monster.
Nessie may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9874663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874663" title="Methylphosphonyl difluoride">
Methylphosphonyl difluoride

Methylphosphonyl difluoride (DF), also called methyl difluorophosphite, methylphosphonic difluoride, and difluoromethylphosphine oxide, is a chemical weapon precursor. Its chemical formula is CH3POF2. It is a Schedule 1 substance in the sense of the Chemical Weapons Convention. It is used for production of sarin and soman as a component of binary chemical weapons; an example is the M687 artillery shell, where it is used together with a mixture of isopropyl alcohol and isopropyl amine, producing sarin.
Preparation.
Methylphosphonyl difluoride can be prepared by reacting methylphosphonyl dichloride with hydrogen fluoride (HF) or sodium fluoride (NaF).
Safety.
Methylphosphonyl difluoride is both reactive and corrosive. It is absorbed through skin and cause burns and mild nerve agent symptoms. It reacts with water producing HF fumes and methylphosphonic acid as a result. It is also capable of corroding glass. It has a boiling point of only 55.4 °C at normal atmospheric pressure, and thus a fairly high vapor pressure at room temperature. 

</doc>
<doc id="9874735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874735" title="GIAN (disambiguation)">
GIAN (disambiguation)

GIAN can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9874745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874745" title="Alash Orda">
Alash Orda

Alash Orda () was the name of the provisional Kazakh government between 13 December 1917 and 26 August 1920.
The Alash Party proclaimed the autonomy of the Kazakh people in December 1917. The provisional government consisted of 25 members (10 positions reserved for non-Kazakhs) and 15 member candidates. They formed a special educational commission and established militia regiments as their armed forces. They issued a number of legislative resolutions. The first one of June 11–24, 1918 is the following: "Agreed to invalidate all decrees issued by the Soviet authorities on the territory of the autonomous Alash. Chairman of Alash-Orda: Bokeikhanov, Members: Tynyshpaev, Gabbasov."
On 26 August 1920, the Soviet government established the Kyrgyz Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which in 1925 changed its name to the Kazakh Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic and then to the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="9874753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874753" title="KXOK (defunct)">
KXOK (defunct)

KXOK (630 AM) was a radio station in St. Louis, Missouri, which helped pioneer the Top 40 radio format in the early-1950's. But long before that, it was the subject of a prolonged legal battle in the mid-1930s, which nearly prevented it from going on the air at all. 
In its heyday as a top-40 station, KXOK broadcast on the 630 kHz frequency with 5,000 watts of power and reached a substantial portion of eastern Missouri and southern Illinois during daytime hours. At night, the power was 5,000 watts as well, but with a more directional signal, sending a strong signal into the immediate St. Louis metro area, from KXOK's three tower site just outside Granite City, Illinois.
Early History.
In 1935, Elzey Roberts, publisher of the "St. Louis Star-Times", applied for a license to put a new radio station on the air. He already owned station KFRU in Columbia, MO, and wanted a station in the larger St. Louis market. But his license request was challenged by two other stations in the market, WSD and WIL; the legal battle dragged on until late 1937, when the court granted Roberts' request and the FCC assigned the KXOK call letters. WIL decided to appeal, but in late March 1938, they lost. KXOK was given permission to begin building the new station. New General Manager Ray V. Hamilton announced the station would be dedicated in mid-August 1938, but there were further delays in building it. KXOK finally made its debut on September 19, 1938. Allen Franklin was the first Program Director; he came from station WLW in Cincinnati. Among the air staff was Paul Aurandt, who came there from KOMA in Oklahoma City-- he would later become famous as Paul Harvey. KXOK began its life at 1250 kc and was affiliated with the Mutual Network. But on October 26, 1940, it moved to the 630 location on the AM dial, and became affiliated with NBC Blue (later called the Blue Network). Elzey Robert continued to own the station until 1954, when his son Elzey Roberts Jr. and an associate, Chester L. Thomas, took it over. 
Change of Ownership.
In early November 1960, the station changed hands, when Roberts and Thomas sold the station to Robert and Todd Storz, for the sum of $1.5 million. The station changed format not long after. Nicknamed "The Sound and the Spirit of St. Louis" and "The Fun Spot," KXOK was one of several stations owned by Todd Storz as part of the Storz family of stations (other stations in the group included WHB in nearby Kansas City, WQAM in Miami, WTIX in New Orleans, KOMA in Oklahoma City, and WDGY in Minneapolis-St. Paul). During the mid-60's KXOK was one of the two dominant radio stations in the St. Louis market, along with KMOX. KXOK was so successful during this period, that its Top 40 competitor, WIL (AM 1430) dropped pop music in 1967, and switched to country music. [http://630kxok.stlmedia.net/]
Top 40 DJs.
A number of legendary air personalities graced the KXOK airwaves during the station's glory years 1including Ed Bonner, Ray Otis, Bill Addison, Mort Crowley, Danny Dark, Johnny Rabbitt aka Ron Elz//, Shad O'Shea, William A. Hopkins, Johnny Rabbitt a Don Pietromonaco, Don Shafer, Delcia Devon, Louise Harrison Caldwell (The Beatles' George Harrison's sister), Lou Cooley, Davey O'Donnell, Peter Martin, Keith Morris, Richard Ward Fatherley and Bob Shannon.
Other outstanding personalities of the 1970s included Jerry Butler, Jack Mindy, Craig Roberts and Scott Sherwood, The news staff included veteran reporters Bob Shea, Robert R. Lynn and Steven B. Stevens. It was under the leadership of Station Operations Manager Bud Connell and program directors Ray Otis and Mort Crowley that KXOK became one of the highest-rated stations in the country.
Many of the station's DJ's over the years went on to successful careers as national talk show hosts, television news anchors, actors and nationally known freelance talent. Danny Dark became the Voice of NBC-TV, a post he held for an entire generation.
End of an era.
With the departure of key air talents and the advent of Top 40 music on FM, most notably from KSLQ (now known as KYKY), KXOK went through several format changes starting in circa 1975, including talk and oldies. KXOK went to an all-news format in 1989, calling itself "All News 630". As of March 2008, KZQZ in St. Louis is referring to itself as the new KXOK, playing an oldies format.
Other uses.
The call letters are also used for a low-power television station, KXOK-LD in Enid, Oklahoma. The 630 kHz frequency in St. Louis has been used by KYFI, a Christian talk radio station since the sale of the station in 1994.
"Jumpin' Joe" Madigan, an oldies DJ from Cleveland produces a special one hour edition "Retro Radio" tribute to KXOK and other Top 40 stations from the 1960s on The Oldies Super Highway,an online station. Madigan also hosts a live version of his program on Saturday afternoons on the online stream of the website of WJCU a campus FM station in the Cleveland area.
The frequency today.
The 630 AM frequency in St. Louis today is used by KYFI, a Christian talk station.

</doc>
<doc id="9874765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874765" title="Chery A5">
Chery A5

The Chery A5 is a compact car produced by the Chinese manufacturer Chery Automobile since 2006.
Specifications.
The car is available with three engine options: a 1.6-litre engine, a 1.8-litre engine or a 2.0-litre engine. A hybrid version, named Chery A5ISG or A5BSG, is also produced. It is considered to be the first Chinese-designed mass-production hybrid vehicle. It is equipped with safety features such as ABS, EBD and ESP.
Powertrain.
All engines are ACTECO engines, designed in cooperation with the AVL engineering company, of Austria:

</doc>
<doc id="9874772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874772" title="2007–08 Frölunda HC season">
2007–08 Frölunda HC season

The 2007–08 Frölunda HC season began with the retirement of goaltender Tommy Salo.
Playoffs.
Frölunda ended the 2007–08 regular season as the sixth seed team.
Quarterfinals: vs. (4) Färjestads BK.
Frölunda lost series 3–4
Drafted players.
Frölunda HC players picked at the 2008 NHL Entry Draft in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9874792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874792" title="Vern Seward">
Vern Seward

Vern Seward is an American technology writer whose articles tend to focus on products and issues related to Apple Inc. He currently authors several columns for The Mac Observer including the columns Just a Thought and Just a Peek.

</doc>
<doc id="9874796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874796" title="Midwest Independent Publishers Association">
Midwest Independent Publishers Association

The Midwest Independent Publishers Association, or MIPA, is a publishing community based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The association works to promote a supportive community for first-time publishers and provide networking opportunities. It sponsors the Annual Midwest Book Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9874802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874802" title="Occupancy cost">
Occupancy cost

Occupancy costs are the whole life costs of buildings and their associated land from occupancy until disposal. These costs may be incurred on a regular or irregular basis.
Occupancy costs are those costs related to occupying a space including; rent, real estate taxes, personal property taxes, insurance on building and contents, depreciation, and amortization expenses.
These are generally higher in new entrants to a market due to the escalating real estate prices.
This type of cost cover the whole society since land is inextricably linked to human life. Watch out for occupancy cost when you calculate the cost of an employee.

</doc>
<doc id="9874808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874808" title="Yorkshire Stingo">
Yorkshire Stingo

The Yorkshire Stingo was a public house in Marylebone, London which was a significant landmark outside central London in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Located on the south side of the Marylebone Road, it was a rural location when first built. An admittance charge was made, redeemable with the waiters, as a method of preventing those with no money from enjoying the facilities. Its name comes from a fashionable slang word of the 18th century for strong or old ale. The name possible comes from the sharp, or "stinging" flavour of a well-matured beer.
In 1786, the Committee for the Relief of the Black Poor used it as one of the centres for distributing alms. A bowling green and tea gardens were added in the 18th century.
During 1790 the Yorkshire Stingo was the temporary home of the second cast iron bridge ever built. This was designed by Tom Paine who had endeavoured to interest the authorities in Philadelphia and Paris in his design. He had gained a patent for this in 1788 and Walkers, who had an ironworks in Sheffield, Yorkshire agreed to construct it. The original design of - to span the Schuylkill River, Philadelphia, had been scaled down to . Paine discussed the bridge in correspondence with Thomas Jefferson, Sir Joseph Banks, George Washington and Sir George Staunton and entertained hopes that it might be the model for an iron bridge across the Thames as well as the Seine. Paine had supervised the work at the Walker factory, and supervised the erection in the grounds of the Yorkshire Stingo. It weighed 3 tons and could bear a weight of 6. Peter Whiteside, a Philadelphian merchant was backing the project, but found himself in financial difficulties and asked Paine to return the money he had lent, and in the end the project had to be abandoned. Parts of the bridge were then used in an iron bridge over the River Wear in Sunderland. William Yates, who acted as Paine's foreman also worked on this bridge and the subsequent Southwark Bridge built by John Rennie. Paine later quipped that "the French revolution, and Mr Burke's attacks upon it, drew me off any pontifical works".
In 1829, it became one of the first termini for London buses. In 1836, a hall for vaudeville and burlesque, called the Apollo Saloon, was added but by 1848 the gardens were closed. The public house was finally closed in 1964.The site has since been used for the County Court and a public Baths.

</doc>
<doc id="9874816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874816" title="Pandharpuri buffalo">
Pandharpuri buffalo

The Pandharpuri is a breed of water buffalo native to the dry regions of Solapur, Kolhapur, Satara and Sangli in India. The name is derived from the town Pandharpur in Solapur.
The Pandharpuri buffalo has 45-50 centimetre-long horns which are sometimes twisted.
Lactation length is 350 days, calving interval is 465 days. Milk yield is 1400 kg/305 days.

</doc>
<doc id="9874821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874821" title="Naval Academy (Turkey)">
Naval Academy (Turkey)

The Turkish Naval Academy () is a four year co-educational military academy located in the district of Tuzla in Istanbul. Its mission is to develop cadets mentally and physically for service as commissioned officers in the Turkish Navy. It must not be confused with Naval War College ("Deniz Harp Akademisi")
For the education and training at the Turkish Naval Academy, graduates from the Turkish Naval High School (Deniz Lisesi) are admitted without an examination, whereas civilian high school graduates majored in mathematics and science may also be admitted if needed.
History.
Foundation.
The roots of the Naval Academy goes back to 1773, when a naval school under the name of "Naval Engineering at Golden Horn Naval Shipyard" was founded during the reign of Sultan Mustafa III on the command of Grand Vizier and Admiral Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha. François Baron de Tott, a French officer and advisor to the Ottoman military, was appointed for the establishment of a course to provide education on plane geometry and navigation. The course, attended also by civilian captains of the merchant marine, was given on board of a galleon anchored at Kasimpaşa in Istanbul and lasted three months.
The temporary course turned into a continuous education on land with the establishment of "Naval Mathematical College" in February 1776. With growing number of cadets, the college building at the naval shipyard was extended. On October 22, 1784, the college, renamed the "Imperial Naval Engineering School" (), started its education for three years in the new building. From 1795 on, the training was divided into navigation and cartography for officers of the deck, and naval architecture and shipbuilding for naval engineers.
Ottoman period.
The school was moved 1822 into a reconstructed sawmill building in Parmakkapı after a fire in Kasımpaşa neighborhood in 1821 destroyed also the naval school. Since this building was insufficient for the matters of education, Sultan Mahmud II ordered the construction of a new school building. It was decided that until the completion of the new facility, the navigation division of the school be transferred temporarily to Heybeliada, an island in the Sea of Marmara. In 1838, the naval school moved into its new building in Kasımpaşa. With the beginning of the reformation efforts, the school was renamed to "Naval School" () and continued to serve in Kasımpaşa for 12 years. Then, it was relocated 1850 to Heybeliada for the last time.
The facilities of the naval school on Heybeliada consisted of 34 rooms for 150 cadets, a 30-bed hospital with a pharmacy, a printing house with a bookbinder's shop, and a rich library. The training followed English education system, and some lessons were even taught by English instructors. In that period, in addition to the name "Naval School", it was also called "Naval School of The Great" (), "Naval Technical School" (Mekteb-i Fünun-i Bahriye) or "Naval Technical School of The Great" (Mekteb-i Fünun-i Bahriye-i Şahane).
During the reign of Sultan Abdülâziz, the number of the cadets increased, and the education program was improved. The training program was extended parallel to technological development of the century, and a division for marine engineering was added to operate and maintain steam engines. Cadets were educated four years in the Naval High School, and they were trained four more years in the Naval Academy, whereas the last two years were spent on board the school ship.
During the Second Constitutional Era, an upgraded education system was adapted in 1909 from the Royal Naval Academy. In the years of the Balkan Wars, the educational system was modified. Hence, the graduates of the four-year Naval High School received sea training for one year on board the school ship as a midshipman followed by three years training in the navy in the rank of ensign. Upon graduation, they assumed their duties by being promoted to Lieutenant-Commander grade. The school, nicknamed the "Island School", had the property of being most significant school of Turkey with respect to both educational system and social life.
Republican era.
The admission to the Naval School resumed in 1924 after the proclamation of the Republic, and the cadets could study in one of the three fields such as navigation, engineering and secretary work. The training term for deck officers and engineers was four years with the first year in the prep school. Graduates underwent a course for another year and entered the Navy after being promoted to engineer (ensign).
"Heybeliada Naval School" (Heybeliada Bahriye Mektebi) was given the name of "Naval High School" (Deniz Lisesi) by the command of General Chief of Staff on May 27, 1928, and the curriculum of military schools was adopted in the following education term. This new education and training system was applied for two academic years. Naval High School and Naval Core School were re-united at the facilities of Heybeliada under the name of "Naval Academy and High School" (Deniz Harp Okulu ve Lisesi).
During the World War II.
When the World War II broke out, and Germans began to occupy the Balkans in 1941, the relocation of the Naval School to Anatolia became necessary. On May 23, 1941, Naval Academy and High School were transferred to the Infantry Barracks in Mersin. The institution remained at this place unsuitable for its educational purposes until September 9, 1946, when it finally returned to Heybeliada.
Education.
Until 1953, education term at the Naval Academy was two years, the first year theoretical at the school and the last year practice in the Navy. In 1953, four-year line system education was adopted. In the first two years, the students were cadets and in the following two years officers. With the academic term 1969-1970, the education structure was reorganized such as the cadets studied three years and the officers one year. One year later, the organization was modified so that the officers were educated in the "Officer Basic Expert School".
In 1974, the education term was increased to four years and the curriculum was extended in regard of the modern technologies and sciences with electrical, electronic and mechanical engineering, operations research, management science, systems engineering, communications, computer science, shipbuilding, oceanography and international relations. First officers having studied in this program graduated in 1978. With the beginning of the academic term 1986-1987, these modern fields of study are fully implemented in the curriculum as majors.
Tuzla campus.
The transfer of the academy to a more convenient location arose as a necessity, due to increasing demands of the Turkish Navy over personnel and place as well as transportation problems of the island of Heybeliada. A new campus was projected over land at Tuzburnu peninsula on the northern shore of Marmara Sea in Tuzla district of Istanbul. On July 28, 1977, Fahri Korutürk, President of Turkey and an alumnus of the Naval School, laid the foundation.
The Naval Academy facilities in Tuzla were opened by the Turkish President Kenan Evren on July 31, 1985. The academy left Heybeliada to the Naval High School.
First officers from the new campus graduated in 1989. At the beginning of 1990, the status of military academies in regard of the Bachelor of Science concept at universities was discussed. With the beginning of the academic term 1991-1992, the education programs at military academies were upgraded in a manner equivalent to the engineering programs at Boğaziçi University, Istanbul Technical University and Middle East Technical University. The graduates receive a BSc degree upon graduation from the Naval Academy without requiring further studies in post-graduate programs of the technical universities in Turkey. The first officers with a BSc degree in addition to a Naval Academy diploma left the institution in 1997.
Control and electronic engineering branch, a sub-division of electric/electronics division, was separated as control systems and computer engineering in 1993, starting from the second class. To become harmonized with STCW-95 agreements (international midshipman educational program), a new educational program starting from the first class was applied in 1995. Moreover, the number of vocational and foreign language courses was increased, graduation project was extended from one-semeter to four-semester course, meteorology and intelligence courses were added.
For the training of officers for the marines and engineering corps branches, graduates of civilian high schools were admitted in 1995 to the first class. However, this type of sourcing process was abondened the next year. The first officers of marines and engineering corps were commissioned in 1998.
In 2000, the academy's organization was restructured by reconstructing the branches granting engineering degrees and increasing the number of major science branches from four to nine. The same year, the "Naval Sciences and Engineering Institute" was founded for postgraduate studies in order to meet the needs of the Turkish Armed Forces, starting from 2001-2002 academic term.
Women and foreign cadets.
Admission of female cadets, graduated from civilian high schools, were granted in the academic term 1992-1993.
According to military training cooperation agreements signed with friendly and allied countries, guest students, especially from Turkic Republics as well as from Albania and Pakistan were admitted in the 1993-1994 academic year.
Postgraduate studies.
In the first semester at the "Naval Sciences and Engineering Institute", following courses are provided for postgraduate students, who graduate with a master's degree in two semesters.
Industrial engineering.
Business administration (MBA) Master Program
Mechanical engineering.
Mechanical engineering Master Program

</doc>
<doc id="9874823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874823" title="Aloe barberae">
Aloe barberae

Aloe barberae (syn. "Aloe bainesii"), also known as Tree aloe, is a species of aloe native to South Africa. In its native climes this slow-growing tree can reach up to 18 m (54 ft) high and 0.9 m (3 ft) in stem diameter. "Aloe barberae" is Africa's largest aloe. The tree aloe is often used as an ornamental plant. Its tubular flowers are rose pink (green-tipped); it flowers in winter and in its natural environment is pollinated by sunbirds.
Naming.
"Aloe barberae" was first discovered by Mary Elizabeth Barber, who was a plant collector in the former Transkei. She sent specimens of the plant and its flowers to the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew, where in 1874 it was named by William Turner Thiselton-Dyer (1843–1928) in her honor. Subsequently, it was also found in KwaZulu-Natal by the well known traveller, explorer and painter Thomas Baines in 1873. He also sent a specimen to Kew, where it was named "Aloe bainesii". Although known as "A. baineii" for many years, "Aloe barberae" was the name first given to this plant, and takes precedence according to the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature.
Distribution.
The tree aloe's habitat is subtropical coastal forests, kloofs (ravines) and dry valleys in the eastern regions of southern Africa. "Aloe barberae" is widely distributed from the Eastern Cape through the former Transkei, KwaZulu-Natal, Swaziland and Mpumalanga; and northwards to Mozambique and East Africa.
Growing "Aloe barberae".
"Aloe barberae" forms a striking focal point in the garden, being an enormous sculptural tree with a neat crown.
It is easily propagated, especially by cuttings (truncheons) which should be left to dry for a week or two before planting. It prefers well-drained soil, especially on a slope, and can tolerate some shade when small.
It should not be planted directly next to any buildings as its trunk and roots become enormous.
A popular and hardy hybrid with another tree aloe, "Aloe dichotoma", is often propagated for landscaping under the name ""Aloe x hercules"".

</doc>
<doc id="9874824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874824" title="Isopropylamine">
Isopropylamine

Isopropylamine, also called 2-aminopropane, 2-propanamine, monoisopropylamine, and MIPA, is an organic compound, an amine. It is a base, as typical for amines. It is a hygroscopic colorless liquid with ammonia-like odor. Its melting point is −95.2 °C and its boiling point is 32.4 °C. It is miscible with water. It is extremely flammable, with flash point at −37 °C.
pKa of protonated form is 10.63
Isopropylamine can be obtained by aminating isopropyl alcohol with ammonia in presence of a nickel/copper or similar catalyst:
The main uses of isopropylamine are in glyphosate herbicide formulations , a key component of atrazine (another herbicide), a regulating agent for plastics, intermediate in organic synthesis of coating materials, plastics, pesticides, rubber chemicals, pharmaceuticals and others, and as an additive in the petroleum industry.
Together with isopropyl alcohol it is used in some binary chemical weapons (e.g. M687), as a mixture called OPA which in turn mixed with methylphosphonyl difluoride (known to the military as DF) produces sarin gas.

</doc>
<doc id="9874858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874858" title="Andrés Tambornino">
Andrés Tambornino

Andrés Tambornino is an Argentine film editor, film director, and screenplay writer.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
Filmography.
Director and writer
Editor
Production designer

</doc>
<doc id="9874864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874864" title="Normanville, South Australia">
Normanville, South Australia

Normanville (postcode 5204) is a coastal town on the Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia.
Location and geography.
Normanville is 77km south of Adelaide, South Australia. It is the largest regional centre on the western side of the Fleurieu Peninsula. It is situated next to the mouth of the Bungala River.
History.
The town was established by South Australia's first dentist, Robert Norman, in 1849. General houses for people were built first, followed by the general store, and the hotel. This was quickly followed by the local Government House, which housed the Police Officer, court house, and jail cells. The . Norman opened the Normanville Hotel in 1851 and a church soon after. The Normanville Hotel became the host of the first district council meeting for the area. The town eventually grew to become a successful wheat exporting area, using the nearby jetty at the current Normanville Beach as a port for ships coming and going. However with the development of Adelaide as the capital city, it lost its prior importance.
Economy.
Normanville's economy is primarily based on and driven by tourism, although primary production is still active in the area. The Normanville Beach, jetty, historic buildings and the Normanville Hotel are the main focal points for visitors. Normanville is situated near the Fleurieu Wine Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9874870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874870" title="Pony, Montana">
Pony, Montana

Pony is an unincorporated community in northeastern Madison County, Montana, United States on the eastern edge of the Tobacco Root Mountains.
In the late nineteenth century, Pony was a prosperous gold-mining community with at least 5,000 residents. A number of historic buildings from Pony's boom era remain in the old town today.
Former Montana Lieutenant Gov. Karl Ohs owned a ranch in Pony.
Birthplace of legendary attorney Frieda Zimmerman.

</doc>
<doc id="9874878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874878" title="Battle of Stäket">
Battle of Stäket

The Battle of Stäket was a minor battle during the Great Northern War. A probing Russian force, circumventing Vaxholm Castle, attempted to pass through Baggensstäket, a very narrow passage in the Stockholm archipelago. After a desperate counterattack by Södermanlands regemente the Russian force departed.
Prelude.
After the death of Charles XII of Sweden at Fredriksten in 1718, the Swedish armies had pulled back from all fronts. Surrounded by hostiles, it was clear that a peace treaty would not be forthcoming without large territorial losses. An attempt was made to play the adversaries against each other, but Russia forced the issue by building and equipping a large Baltic fleet with orders to pillage and harass the eastern Swedish seaboard. On 11 July 1719 the fleet was spotted off the Swedish coast. The Swedish navy was shattered after the long war, but still offered some resistance. The Russian fleet on its side did not commit to a battle, but proceeded burning cities (like Norrköping) and farmsteads.
Admiral Fyodor Matveyevich Apraksin had already investigated Baggensstäket, "the backdoor to Stockholm" as a way to reach the capital city without passing the fortress at Vaxholm. The Russian's interest was noticed. Under the supervision of the colonel of fortifications Baltzar von Dahlheim boulder-filled boats were towed into the very narrow strait, where they were sunk in the shallowest and narrowest parts to render it impassable. A small redoubt with three cannon and 400 men guarded the channel, while four galleys were anchored in the Lännersta sound beyond.
Probably in order to apply more pressure on Sweden in the peace negotiations, Apraxin decided to attempt an attack on Stockholm. On 10 August, Russian units were spotted around Gålö, Muskö, and Ornö, about 20 kilometers from Baggenstäket. If they could pass through Baggenstäket it would be possible to reach the capital while completely out of reach of the cannon of Vaxholm.
The battle.
On the morning of 13 August, generaladjutant Filip von Tessin returned from a scouting mission to Baggenstäket to report that Russian galleys had been spotted at the entrance to the passage. The closest large Swedish army unit, the 800-man Södermanlands regemente, was alerted and under its commander Rutger Fuchs force marched 19 kilometers to meet the enemy. Lieutenant-colonel Johan von Essen was sent ahead with a force to protect the arrival of the rest of the regiment. After a rapid march through rocky and densely forested terrain under a hot summer sun, von Essen reached Baggenstäket before 7pm without encountering any fire. However the Russians by then had disembarked their forces, on both sides of the channel's eastern entrance. Continuing their rapid march, von Essen's unit suddenly came under fire from the fields around Skogsö gård. Its position was very exposed and the unit took losses; von Essen himself was wounded.
At 8 pm, Fuchs' battalion arrived and received news of von Essen's situation. To his right von Essen had a marsh, which forced Fuchs to pass von Essen on his left, a difficult move through snarled and hilly terrain as darkness was falling. The Russians heard Fuchs' approach and opened fire. Fuch's battalion responded and caused losses to the tightly grouped Russians, but was soon also in danger of being outflanked, on its left. Fuchs' started to withdraw into the woods and the Russians did not pursue. After two hours of confused fighting the battle was over, and the Russian soldiers retreated into their landing craft.
Aftermath.
Apraksin's probe had been repulsed and the immediate threat to Stockholm had been averted. Due to unfavorable winds, Apraksin's fleet was forced to remain in Baggensfjärden the next day, but eventually left before the arrival of an English fleet commanded by Admiral John Norris and the Karlskrona squadron.
Rutger Fuchs was acclaimed as a hero and "saviour of Stockholm" after the action and was promoted to Major General and made friherre. However, the Russian fleet was untouched and would continue to harass the eastern coast of Sweden the next year until it suffered heave losses in the battle of Ledsund.

</doc>
<doc id="9874889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874889" title="De-essing">
De-essing

De-essing is any technique intended to reduce or eliminate excessive prominence of sibilant consonants, such as "s", "z" and "sh", in recordings of the human voice. Excess sibilance can be caused by compression, microphone choice and technique, and even simply a singer's mouth. Sibilance lies in frequencies anywhere between 2–10 kHz, depending on the individual. 
-essing is a dynamic process, only working when the level of the signal in the sibilant range exceeds a set threshold. It differs from equalization, which is a static change in level, but can also be used to reduce the level of sibilant frequencies. 
De-essing can be achieved in the following ways; all perform the same function, temporarily reducing the level of high frequency content in the signal when a sibilant sound is present:

</doc>
<doc id="9874922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874922" title="MV Mary Murray">
MV Mary Murray

The MV "Mary Murray" is a former Staten Island Ferry vessel.
It was made surplus and sold to George Searle in the 1970s. Shortly after purchasing the "Mary Murray", Mr. Searle had the vessel towed to his marina along the Raritan River, where it hasn't moved since. It has become something of a local landmark for motorists on the New Jersey Turnpike.
The vessel's derelict status is fueling a controversy as to whether or not it should be removed as it is currently located adjacent to the Basilone Bridge at Exit 9 on the NJ Turnpike in East Brunswick Township, New Jersey.
In March 2008 it was announced that the ferry will be dismantled and used for scrap metal.
George Searle died on March 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9874927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874927" title="Johannes Friedrich (bishop)">
Johannes Friedrich (bishop)

Johannes Friedrich (born June 20, 1948 in Bielefeld-Gadderbaum) is German Lutheran theologian and a German Lutheran bishop.
Education and career.
Johannes Friedrich studied theology at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and at the University of Tübingen, was reverend in Nuremberg, campus minister at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and German Lutheran Provost at Redeemer Church in Jerusalem. He is a member of the EKD Council of the Protestant Church in Germany, since 1999 "Landesbischof" (bishop) of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria and since 2005 leading bishop of the United Evangelical Lutheran Church of Germany. Friedrich has worked on a Lutheran/Catholic Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JD) and supports the Christian-Islamic dialogue in order to cause the Christian-Islamic understanding.
He will be succeeded as bishop of the ELCB by Heinrich Bedford-Strohm.

</doc>
<doc id="9874935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874935" title="Logistics support analysis">
Logistics support analysis

Logistics Support Analysis (LSA) is a structured approach to increase efficiency of maintenance and reduces the cost of providing support by preplanning all aspects of Integrated Logistics Support. A successful LSA will define those support requirements that are ideal for the system design.
History.
Logistics Support Analysis was codified into a military standard in 1973 with the publication of Military Standard 1388-1. Logistic Support Analysis (LSA)guidelines and requirements were established by Department of Defense (DOD) Instruction 5000.2, Major System Acquisition Procedures, and DOD Directive 5000.39, Acquisition and Management of Integrated Logistic Support for Systems and Equipment, to create a single, uniform approach by the Military Services to improve supportability of military weapon systems through a disciplined approach to defining the required operational support other Integrated Logistic Support (ILS) objectives during the acquisition development phase. 1388-1A was updated in 1983 and 1991 before being downgraded from a standard to a best practice on 26 November 1996. 1388-2A was updated in 1991 and 1993, and was also cancelled as a standard in 1996. The definitions for the database records of LSA were established by the Logistics Support Analysis Record, MIL-STD-1388-2A, on 20 JULY 84.
In 1986, the US Army began to transform the paper-intensive LSAR into a desktop application known as “Computer Aided Logistics Support” (CALS). The Navy began a similar effort in 1987. In 1991, the programs were combined and expanded to all services under the name Joint CALS (JCALS). JCALS was approved for use in August 1998.
Structure.
As originally envisioned, the data was structured as a LSA Record (LSAR), as defined by MIL-STD-1388-1A (records) and MIL-STD-1388-2A (outputs)
tasks:
LSAR output was structured as:

</doc>
<doc id="9874936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874936" title="Philippine Senate elections, 1934">
Philippine Senate elections, 1934

Legislative elections were held on June 5, 1934 in the Philippines. Manuel L. Quezon and Sergio Osmeña were re-elected in the Philippine Senate and still arch-rivals since the Nacionalista Party broke up in 1922.
This will be the last Senate election until 1946 since the Constitutional Commission abolished the Senate by creating the unicameral National Assembly. The Senate would be restored with amendments to the constitution that would've been first applied in 1941, but World War II intervened and the elected Senators would've not served until 1946.
Results.
House of Representatives.
Philippine House election, 1934

</doc>
<doc id="9874940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874940" title="Thies Christophersen">
Thies Christophersen

Thies Christophersen (27 January 1918 in Kiel – 13 February 1997 in Molfsee), a farmer by upbringing, was a prominent German Holocaust denier.
Christophersen and the "Auschwitz Lie".
The widely known phrase "Auschwitz lie" (German "Auschwitzlüge") can be traced to Christophersen, whose 1974 brochure of that name disputed the existence of gas chambers at the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Along with Christophersen's own writings, that brochure also contains further contributions and forewords from other Holocaust deniers, including the former lawyer and convicted violent criminal Manfred Roeder (classified as a terrorist in Germany) and the former judge Wilhelm Stäglich. Since 1993 the brochure has been included on a list of materials that may not be distributed to young people, as ruled by Germany's Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons, due to its Holocaust-denying content. The foreword by Manfred Roeder was characterised by that department as inflammatory anti-Semitic propaganda, which constitutes an infringement of Germany's "Volksverhetzung" law (incitement to hatred).
Career.
Christophersen, a private in the Wehrmacht, was deployed as a "special leader" by the Waffen-SS during World War II, and was stationed during this time at the pest control facility Rajsko, located three kilometres from Auschwitz. Christophersen claimed that, being at such a location, he would have been sure to know about any killings but was never witness to, or made aware of, any such events.
Christophersen, who was briefly a member of Germany's far-right NPD party and also the CDU party, forged close contacts, both domestically and internationally, with other proponents of the "Auschwitz lie" such as Stäglich, Roeder, Udo Walendy, Robert Faurisson and Florentine Rost van Tonningen, and with "Stille Hilfe" ("Silent Help"), an organisation assisting neo-Nazi activists. Christophersen appeared as a witness in the trial of Ernst Zündel in Canada.
Christophersen eventually fled the country, first to Belgium, and later to Kollund in Denmark where he spent 10 years. There he established the "Kollund-Verlag" (Kollund Publishing House), which distributed denialist material throughout the world. He appeared in two videos, in which he claimed that it was a privilege for prisoners to be detained in Auschwitz. According to Christophersen they were treated excellently, and were given the opportunity to be deployed to work groups (in reality forced labour) appropriate to their professions.
In the film "Die Auschwitz-Lüge und ihre Folgen" ("The Auschwitz Lie and Its Consequences") he was interviewed by Ernst Zündel. 
His brochure "Die Bauernschaft" ("Farming Community"), in which Christophersen disseminated further Holocaust-denying material, was seized by the authorities several times, the last being in 1994. In 1995 the distribution rights for this set of publications passed to Ernst Zündel in Canada, but he relinquished this just a year later. In the same year Christophersen settled in Switzerland, but was deported in 1996.
Christophersen died on 13 February 1997 in Molfsee near Kiel.

</doc>
<doc id="9874951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874951" title="Wilmington Ten">
Wilmington Ten

The Wilmington Ten were nine young men and a woman, who were convicted in 1971 in Wilmington, North Carolina of arson and conspiracy, and served nearly a decade in jail. The case became an international "cause célèbre", in which many critics of the city's actions characterized the activists as political prisoners. 
Amnesty International took up the case in 1976 and provided legal counsel to appeal the convictions. In 1980 in "Chavis v. State of North Carolina", 637 F.2d 213 (4th Cir., 1980), the convictions were overturned by the federal appeals court, on the grounds that the prosecutor and the trial judge had both violated the defendants' constitutional rights.
Background.
In the 1960s and 1970s, black residents of Wilmington, North Carolina were unhappy with the lack of progress in implementing integration and other civil rights reforms legally achieved by the American Civil Rights Movement. Many struggled with poverty and lack of opportunity. The 1968 assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. increased racial tensions, with a rise in violence, including the arson of several white-owned businesses. 
Racial tension increased after the 1969 integration of Wilmington high schools, as the city closed the black Williston High School, a source of community pride. It laid off black teachers, principals, and coaches, transferring students to other schools. There was little preparation of whites or blacks for the changes. The school administration resisted meeting with the students to hear their grievances, including separation from friends and the lack of opportunity to play sports in new schools. Several clashes between white and black students had resulted in a number of arrests and expulsions.
In response to tensions, members of a Ku Klux Klan chapter and other white supremacist groups began patrolling the streets. They hung an effigy of the white superintendent of the schools and cut his phone lines. Street violence broke out between them and black men.
Students decided to boycott the high schools in January 1971. In February, the United Church of Christ sent Reverend Benjamin Chavis, Jr., from their Commission for Racial Justice, to Wilmington to try to calm the situation and work with the students. He preached non-violence to them and met with students regularly at Gregory Congregational Church to discuss black history, as well as to organize the boycott.
Arson at Mike's Grocery and trial.
On February 6, 1971, Mike's Grocery, a white-owned business, was firebombed. Firefighters responding to the fire said they were shot at by snipers from the roof of the nearby Gregory Congregational Church. Chavis and several students had been meeting at the church, which also held other people. The neighborhood erupted in rioting that lasted through the next day, in which two people died. 
The governor of the state called up the National Guard, whose forces entered the church on February 8 and removed the suspects. They claimed to have found ammunition in the building. The violence resulted in two deaths, six injuries, and over $500,000 in property damage. 
Chavis and nine others, eight young black men who were high school students, and an older white woman, an anti-poverty worker, were arrested on charges of arson related to the grocery. Based on testimony of two black men, they were tried and convicted of arson and conspiracy in connection with the firebombing of Mike's Grocery. They were sentenced to a total of 282 years in prison.
The "Ten" and their sentences: 
Trial and sentencing.
At the time, the state's case against the Wilmington Ten was seen as controversial both in the state of North Carolina and in the United States. One witness testified that he was given a minibike in exchange for his testimony against the group. Another witness, Allen Hall, had a history of mental illness and had to be removed from the courthouse after recanting on the stand under cross examination. 
The group were convicted of the charges. The men's sentences ranged from 29 years to 34 years for arson, severe proscription for a fire in which no one died. Ann Shepard of Auburn, New York, age 35, received 15 years as an accessory before the fact and conspiracy to assault emergency personnel. The youngest of the group, Earl Vereen, was 18 years old at the time of his sentencing. Reverend Chavis was the oldest of the men at age 24. The sentences totaled 282 years.
International response.
Several national magazines, including "Time," "Newsweek," "Sepia" and "The New York Times Magazine," published articles in the late 1970s on the trial and its aftermath. When then President Jimmy Carter admonished the Soviet Union in 1978 for holding political prisoners, the Soviets cited the Wilmington Ten as an example of American political imprisonment.
Appeals.
Amnesty International (AI) took on the Wilmington Ten case in 1976. They classified the eight men still in prison as among 11 black men incarcerated in the U.S. who were considered to be political prisoners, under the definition in the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In 1976 and 1977, three key prosecution witnesses recanted their testimony. In 1977 "60 Minutes" aired a special about the case, suggesting that the evidence against the Wilmington Ten was fabricated. In 1978, the "New York Times" reporter Wayne King published an investigatory article; based on testimony of a witness whose anonymity he protected, he said that perhaps the prosecution had framed a guilty man, as his source said that he had committed the crimes at the behest of Chavis.
In 1980, the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, a federal court, overturned the convictions, as it determined that (1) the prosecutor failed to disclose exculpatory evidence, in violation of the defendants' due process rights Brady rule; and (2) the trial judge erred by limiting the cross-examination of key prosecution witnesses about special treatment the witnesses received in connection with their testimony, in violation of the defendants' 6th Amendment right to confront the witnesses against them. "Chavis v. State of North Carolina," 637 F.2d 213 (4th Cir. 1980). 
A group called the Wilmington Ten Foundation for Social Justice was established to work to improve conditions in the city.
Pardon.
In May 2012, Benjamin Chavis and six surviving members of the group petitioned North Carolina governor Beverly Perdue for a pardon. The NAACP was supporting the pardon, as well as compensation to be paid to the men and their survivors for their years in jail. On December 22, 2012 "The New York Times" published an editorial titled, "Pardons for the Wilmington Ten" that urged Governor Perdue to "finally pardon" the group of civil rights activists. 
Perdue granted a pardon of innocence on December 31, 2012 which qualified each of the ten to state compensation of $50,000 per year of incarceration.
The claims were approved by the NC Industrial Commission and signed off on by the Attorney General, Roy Cooper's office in May 2013.
Total compensation was $1,113,605: Ben Chavis received $244,470.00,Marvin Patrick received $187,984.00 with most of the remaining rewards being $175,000.00 each. Four of the Wilmington Ten are now deceased and their families received no compensation. A case is currently pending before the NC Industrial Commission seeking that compensation be awarded to the families of the four deceased; Jerry Jacobs, Ann Shepard, Connie Tindall, and Joe Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="9874987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874987" title="Château d'Oricourt">
Château d'Oricourt

The Château d'Oricourt is a castle in the "commune" of Oricourt in the "département" of Haute-Saône, in the Franche-Comté region of France.
The original castle on the site was a feudal motte built in wood. The present castle was built during the 12th century on the edge of a plateau, facing the Lure plain, the Château d'Oricourt is a double-walled castle. The outer wall enclosed the farm and the inner wall the residential courtyard. In the latter are a collection of buildings from the 12th and 15th centuries, including the well, a cistern, bakery, cellars and a grand dining room. Two square towers, 25m (~81 ft) high, dominate the curtain walls and deep ditches. Outside, on the village side, an imposing pigeon loft has been built.
The original owners, the Gaucher family, added "d'Oricourt" to their name. Gaucher d’Oricourt was constable to the count of Burgundy was the lord of Oricourt around 1170. Around 1250, the Vaire family occupied the castle. In 1435, during the Renaissance period, the castle came into the ownership of Nicolas Rolin, chancellor of Burgundy, who was immortalised by Van Eyck in the painting "The Virgin with Chancellor Rolin" (Paris, Louvre). His son, Guillaume Rolin, took possession in 1462; it was probably Guillaume who had the tasteful residence built against the north curtain. One of the windows is decorated with a mask of Nicolas Rolin.
On Guillaume's death, the castle passed to his nephew, Antoine d’Oiselay. The barons of Oiselay kept Oricourt until the middle of the 17th century, but did not live there. 
After the Ten Years' War, Franche-Comté was devastated. The manor of Oricourt was put up for sale and taken by Claude François de Cordemoy in 1650. He lived here for 50 years. The last lord of Oricourt was the husband of Jeanne Claude de Cordemoy, François Gabriel, marquis of Chapuis
After the Revolution, the town of Oricourt unsuccessfully asked the authorities to demolish the fortifications and fill in the ditches, symbols of feudalism.
In the 19th century the castle and its land were taken over by the Grivel family, turning it into a simple farm. The grandparents of the present owner, Jean Pierre Cornevaux, acquired the property in 1932. 
Parts of the castle were protected as a "monument historique" on the list of the French Ministry of Culture since 1913, and in its entirety since 1984. The castle is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="9874993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9874993" title="Barnoldswick railway station">
Barnoldswick railway station

Barnoldswick railway station was the only railway station on the Midland Railway's 1 mile 64 chains long Barnoldswick Branch in the West Riding of Yorkshire in England. The line left the Leeds and Bradford Extension Railway at Barnoldswick Junction 55 chains from Earby railway station. The line through the junction was on a 20 chain radius after which it converged to a single track and ran in a straight but undulating line to Barnoldswick. The passenger train that ran back and forth between Barnoldswick and Earby was known locally as the 'Barlick Spud' or 'Spudroaster'. The real reason for the name is lost in time, but the two versions that were commonly recited are that the original branch locomotive was so small it looked like a portable potato roaster used by a local vendor or that the journey time was the same as that taken to roast a potato in the locomotive's firebox.
Barnoldswick has been in the Pendle District of Lancashire since 1974.
Opening.
The line was built by the Barnoldswick Railway and worked by the Midland Railway from its opening on 8 February 1871. The Midland absorbed the Barnoldswick Railway in 1899.
Layout.
Station area.
The station was at the end of a single line branch with a single platform on which was sited the stone and wood station building. The stone part being the original Barnoldswick Company’s building, the wooden parts being added in two stages by the Midland Railway. Also on the platform was a swan-necked water crane, originally fed from a large water tank in the coal yard but later connected to the town supply. At the opposite end of the platform to Barnoldswick Junction was a level crossing that gave access to the coal yard. Steps at the platform end gave access to the level crossing, there being no ramp at this end. The level crossing had to be used to run-round any train, the gates being opened & closed by hand. It was unusual in that when closed against the railway both gates swung to cover the platform side, the goods yard being left unprotected.
Goods yard.
The goods yard was opposite to the platform. Against the level crossing was an end loading accessed from the run-round loop. Further from the level crossing was a large wooden goods shed that had been extended at some time and near to the station throat a platelayers' hut. Near this hut the lines led off to the goods shed, a siding that stopped short of the goods shed and a further siding that extended right past the goods shed to reach Wellhouse Road. Passing under Bridge No 10 (Rainhall Road) the line entered a cutting with a crossover to the main line and the start of a long headshunt. The crossover was controlled by a 2-lever ground frame open to the elements and unlocked by the key on the end of the Branch Staff. The headshunt was also used for storing the branch passenger stock. Bridge No 9 (Rook Street) crossed both the running line and the headshunt. The goods shed was demolished in the early 1950s. The line to the loading dock was retained as was the long siding but the other two were lifted. In the early 1960s the long siding was used for the storage of surplus suburban coaching stock.
Coal yard.
At one time a large iron water tank on wooden legs stood in the coal yard adjacent to Station Road and next to the level crossing. A small collection of coal merchants' offices stood just inside the double entrance gates on an area that was part covered in setts. Only one siding could be accessed from the platform line so as to allow locomotives to run-round. All the others could only be accessed from the run-round loop. The 1892 Ordnance Survey map shows the goods yard to have been very short with a total of four sidings, none of them over 100 ft in length, the total capacity being twenty wagons. The 1909 map shows that three of the sidings have been doubled in length. They were extended again in 1913 as near as they could be to Skipton Road. This extension was built on an embankment so advantage of this was taken to build coal drops with road access from Skipton Road. A ground frame in a standard Midland Railway hut was situated just inside the goods yard near the level crossing but on the opposite side of the tracks to the coal offices. There was also a small engine shed built by 1880 that was a sub-shed to Skipton shed but this had closed by July 1912 to make way for extra coal sidings. The coal yard was one of the few places where the Midland Railway officially allowed its locomotives to tow wagons on an adjacent line by rope.
Signalling.
Despite the station's size there was never a signal box. At the end of the platform was the only signal, a single crossbar stop signal topped by a lamp. This was hand operated from the base of the post and was not interlocked to any points or the level crossing gates. This signal however, for quite a period, was seldom used.
Traffic.
The 1881 timetable shows that all trains were ‘mixed’ i.e. composed of both passenger and goods stock. 8 trains were run each way with no Sunday service. The first train left Barnoldswick at 7.35am and arrived at Earby at 7.43am. The last train left Earby at 6.50pm and arrived at Barnoldswick at 7.00pm. The locomotive for these trains was shedded at Barnoldswick. Advertised excursions at this time show trains running from Barnoldswick to Leeds (en route to Scarborough) and back. Also the L&YR ran excursions from Barnoldswick to Colne (en route to Blackpool) and back. These later trains saw L&YR engines and stock at Barnoldswick. 
The 1903 timetable showed the number of trains as 11 during the week with 2 extra late trains on a Saturday from Barnoldswick and 10 during the week with 2 extra late trains on a Saturday from Earby. Whether these trains were still mixed trains isn’t known. 
The 1911 timetable shows a more frequent but complicated service with most trains running as passenger only, the actual number of trains varying depending on the day of the week. There were 2 trains that ran each way as mixed and 2 goods trains to, and 3 from, Barnoldswick. Sundays saw 5 passenger and 2 mixed trains to Barnoldswick with 6 passenger trains from but no mixed trains.
The 1921 service was as frequent as the 1911 but simplified. 1929 saw 16 week-day departures plus a 'Tue and Fri only' train. Passenger numbers had fallen from 116,366 in 1928 to 104,638 in 1929 but in 1930 there was a huge fall to 63,608. This was caused by the opening of what is still known locally as 'the new road'in December 1929. This enabled Ezra Laycock to start a bus service from Barnoldswick via Salterforth to Earby. By 1934 the number of departures had risen to 24 departures. Sunday evenings saw 9 trains running but none during the day. Sunday services had ceased by 1939. The number of passenger trains was reduced until by 1956 it was down to 12 or so a day.
From September 1956, however, it was reduced to just 1 in and 2 out per day. This later changed to just 1 in and out, plus a single mid-day goods train, that was the pattern maintained until the passenger service was withdrawn. The passenger trains were mainly for pupils at Ermysted's Grammar School and the Skipton Girls' High School, both in Skipton. The termination of these trains saw the last of any significant passenger numbers using the station. Excursion trains to the seaside and special trains for Skipton Gala were still run but had little or no advertising.
Locomotives and stock.
The first locomotive allocated to the branch and the small engine shed was a 0-4-2WT. This was followed by an 0-6-0T and then an 0-4-4T. Goods and passenger trains were also handled by double-framed 0-6-0 and later single framed 0-6-0. These were all MR engines. Passenger stock was a mixture of 4 & 6 wheeled and bogie carriages. Steam train heating for the two locomotives and nine carriages allocated to the Barnoldswick branch was only authorised on 16 November 1922 – 20 years after the Midland Railway had introduced it to their mainline carriages.
The LMS, who had taken over the Midland Railway at the Railway Grouping in 1922, continued to use the MR 0-6-0T and 0-6-0 locomotives but also used LYR 2-4-2T for passenger trains. It introduced push-pull trains from 2 February 1931 in an attempt to reverse the downward trend in passenger numbers with the opening of the 'New Road' to Kelbrook. In later years the Ivatt 2-6-0 and 2-6-2T locomotives appeared as well as the ageing MR 0-4-4Ts. The Riddles variant of the Ivatt 2-6-2T also appeared at Barnoldswick. Excursion or special trains sometimes brought Fairburn 2-6-4T locomotives to the station. On one occasion Skipton shed used a Stanier 4-6-0 Jubilee class locomotive No. "45658 Keyes" to work the morning train. Diesel Multiple Units (DMUs) were used for the evening school train from September 1959 but the morning train remained steam to the end. The mid-day goods train was sometimes worked by LMS Fowler Class 4F locomotives.
Last trains.
The last passenger train ran on 25 September 1965.
The last coal train ran on 30 July 1966.
Post-closure.
The station was subsequently demolished, a supermarket and car park being built on the site. The coal yard is now landscaped and a new road built across it. The goods yard wall is still standing and is the car park boundary. The platform retaining wall can be seen down the side of the supermarket. Above this wall the former Station Master's house built by the LMS is still occupied. The town War Memorial was moved down from Letcliffe Park and onto the area of the platform gates.
Failed extension.
In May 1904, taking advantage of the 1896 Light Railways Act, the Barnoldswick and Gisburn Light Railway Company was formed. This company attempted to obtain powers to build a 3¾ mile single track line from Barnoldswick to connect with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railways Chatburn to Hellifield line just north of Gisburn. Due to the L&YR refusing to allow a junction near Gisburn the scheme was abandoned. A similar scheme put forward in 1913, but without a connection to the L&YR, failed due to World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="9875004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875004" title="Jupiter Airlines">
Jupiter Airlines

Jupiter Airlines is an airline based in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. The carrier initially served domestic routes within the United Arab Emirates, but has added various key cities in the Middle East to its list of destinations. In December 2004, the airline launched a service between Dubai and Baghdad (Iraq). On February 25, 2009, Jupiter Airlines launched a service between Dubai and Mosul, Iraq. There is also a service between Dubai and Basra.

</doc>
<doc id="9875007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875007" title="Tommy Garrett">
Tommy Garrett

Thomas "Tommy" Garrett (28 February 1926 – 16 April 2006) was an English professional footballer. He represented his country on three occasions.
Garrett was a miner playing for Horden Colliery when Blackpool signed him as a 16-year-old in 1942, initially as a forward. It was as a full-back, however, that he established himself – and as a "footballing" defender, who preferred to pass his way out of trouble rather than kicking it downfield. He also spent hours practicing heading the ball.
Garrett made his debut for the Seasiders on 29 March 1948, in a single-goal defeat at Derby County. He didn't become a regular in the side until Ron Suart left for Blackburn Rovers in 1949.
The 1950s are the most successful decade in Blackpool's history to date. Garrett would be at the club playing top division football throughout, as would goalkeeper George Farm, fellow defender Hugh Kelly, right winger Stanley Matthews, forward Jackie Mudie and outside left Bill Perry.
He could perform equally well on either flank, and played in both the 1951 and 1953 FA Cup Finals, appearing in the latter with a broken nose sustained a week beforehand. It was during this period of his career that he gained his England caps, partnering Alf Ramsey. He made his international debut against Scotland on 5 April 1952.
After 14 years with Blackpool, Garrett joined Millwall on a free transfer in May 1961, making a dozen appearances for the Lions before retiring from the professional game and joining Fleetwood Town. He then played for a short time in Australia, with Mayfield United, and eventually settled there. He died on 16 April 2006 in Wallsend, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9875021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875021" title="Johannes Friedrich">
Johannes Friedrich

Johannes Friedrich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9875028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875028" title="Registration tax">
Registration tax

Registration tax may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9875037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875037" title="Kander (Germany)">
Kander (Germany)

The Kander is a small river flowing from the southern Black Forest westward into the Rhine River
Geography.
The Kander rises at the head of the Kandertal on the Blauen in the Black Forest. Within the first 10 km of its course to Kandern, the Kander loses 650m of elevation. The stream has a total length of 22 km and a drop of 750m to its mouth on the Rhine near the town of Märkt
History.
The name Kander comes from the Celtic word "kandera", meaning "clear flowing".
Transportation uses.
Due to the stream's small size it has no transportation function.

</doc>
<doc id="9875045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875045" title="Philippine special election, 1940">
Philippine special election, 1940

Special National Assembly elections and local elections were held in the Philippines on December 10, 1940 for the four vacant seats in the National Assembly and for local positions in the provinces, municipalities and cities.

</doc>
<doc id="9875048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875048" title="Acer truncatum">
Acer truncatum

Acer truncatum (Shantung Maple, Shandong Maple, or Purpleblow Maple) is a maple native to northern China, in the provinces of Gansu, Hebei, Henan, Jiangsu, Jilin, Liaoning, Nei Mongol, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, and also Korea.
It is a medium-sized deciduous tree growing to tall with a broad, rounded crown. The bark is smooth on young trees, becoming shallowly ridged with age. The leaves are opposite, palmately lobed with five lobes, to long and to broad, with a to petiole; the lobes are usually entire, but occasionally with a pair of teeth on the largest central lobe, and the margin is often wavy. The petiole bleeds a milky latex when broken. The flowers are in corymbs, yellow-green with five petals to long; flowering occurs in early spring. The fruit is a double samara with two winged seeds, the seeds are disc-shaped, slightly flattened, to across. The wings are long, widely spread, approaching a 180° angle. The bark is greenish-grey, smooth in young trees, becoming shallowly grooved in mature.
It is closely related to, and often difficult to distinguish from, "Acer amplum", "Acer cappadocicum", and "Acer pictum subsp. mono", which replace it further south and west in China, and in Japan. From "Acer cappadocicum" it is best distinguished by the shoots which turn brown by their first winter, not remaining green for several years. From "Acer mono" (syn. "A. pictum" auct. non Thunb.) it is best distinguished by the larger, thicker (less flattened) seeds. "Acer truncatum" is very unusual among maples in showing hypogeal germination.
Cultivation and uses.
Shantung Maple is grown as an ornamental plant in Europe and North America. 
A number of cultivars have been selected, including 'Akikaze Nishiki' with variegated leaves, 'Fire Dragon' with very bright autumn colour. The cultivar 'Keithsform' (Norwegian Sunset) is a hybrid between "Acer truncatum" and "Acer platanoides" (Norway Maple).

</doc>
<doc id="9875078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875078" title="You Are My Little Bird">
You Are My Little Bird

You Are My Little Bird is an album by Elizabeth Mitchell, released in 2006 by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings. The album is a collection of children's music played in a folk music style. In addition to versions of folk tunes, it features covers of a variety of songs by other artists, among them "What Goes On" by The Velvet Underground, Neil Young's "Little Wing", and "Three Little Birds" by Bob Marley. On most of the songs, Mitchell is accompanied by family members. The liner notes include personal stories from the artist, but no lyrics.
Critical reception.
Warren Truit with "School Library Journal" called the album "a superb and eclectic group of songs performed uniquely, yet flawlessly."

</doc>
<doc id="9875084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875084" title="The Amazing Race Asia 2">
The Amazing Race Asia 2

The Amazing Race Asia is a reality television game show based on the American series, "The Amazing Race". The second season of the show features ten teams of two with a pre-existing relationship, in a race around the world to win US$100,000.
This season premiered on 22 November 2007 at 9PM (UTC+8) and ended on 14 February 2008 at 9PM (UTC+8).
Singaporean gym buddies Adrian Yap & Collin Low were the winners of this race.
Production.
Development and filming.
The second season of "The Amazing Race Asia" covered in 24 days. This season had teams racing across 4 continents. The show adopted newer rules in the US version, such as the non-elimination penalty where the team who checked in last must make it to first place in the next leg or else incur the 30 minute penalty. Production made the Race more competitive by imposing more self-driving and reducing the chance of teams being bunched up on the same airplane flight.
This season had two different penalties for coming in last on a non-elimination leg. While Edwin & Monica were marked for elimination for coming in last on the first leg, Henry & Terri were stripped of all their money and will begin the next leg with no money after coming in last on the sixth leg. Racers were not told that the original non-elimination penalty was still applicable. This twist led to an argument between Henry and host Allan Wu at the Seoul finish mat, when the former was unwilling to give up his team's money. In the following leg, the penalty reverted to the 'marked for elimination' penalty after Terri & Henry finished last consecutively.
Cast.
This season featured 10 teams chosen from 2500 applicants, including racers from the original US series. Final applications were accepted 13 April 2007 (two weeks after the original deadline). This season was also open to the Japanese, who were ineligible for Season 1. Final interviews were held sometime in April or May 2007. Filming took place sometime in June or July 2007.
This season's cast included reunited siblings, childhood friends, and dating couples. Notably, Adrian is the first hearing-impaired contestant in "The Amazing Race"' franchise. It also featured a large number of local media personalities or their relatives. Monica represented Toronto, Canada and won the 1997 Miss Chinese International Pageant, while Paula is a ] VJ. Vanessa and Pamela are the sisters of famous Malaysian singer Vince Chong. Kinaryosih is a famous Indonesian movie actress and model, who has also won a Citra Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2006. Sophie is a filmmaker for the Discovery Channel, as well as a correspondent for the Asian Film Festival. Marc is a model and host of the Philippine sports show "Sports Unlimited", while Rovilson is a host for another similar show, "Gameplan" and an editor for "Maxim Philippines".
This season features only three non-Asians. One is Henry, a former US Navy Petty Officer, who races with his Filipina wife Trinidad (better known as Terri). The other is Aurelia, a Frenchwoman residing in Hong Kong who races with her Singaporean ex-housemate Sophie. Brett is half-Indonesian and half-Australian.
Henry Reed died on May 21, 2013 after a long sleep, at the age of 53.
Marketing.
The second season of the show had six official sponsors: Aviva, Caltex, Nokia Nseries, Sony Electronics Asia Pacific, Bintan Lagoon Resort and Standard Chartered Bank. The sponsors played a major role in the series by providing prizes and integrating their products into various tasks. Two special episodes acted as bookends for this season; the first subtitled "Racers Revealed" was shown three weeks before the season premiere while the second, "Memories" aired one week after the season finale. The former contained racer introductions and production insight into the casting process. The latter featured the racers sharing their favorite memories and highlights of the Race, similar to that of Season 1.
Results.
The following teams participated in the Race, with their relationships at the time of filming. Placements are listed in finishing order:
Prizes.
Individual prizes were awarded to the first team to complete a leg.
Race summary.
Leg 1 (Singapore → Philippines).
Airdate: 22 November 2007
The Detour of this leg is "Dare or Stair." In Dare, teams had to take an elevator to the top (45-storey) of the Suntec Tower 3 and then use a rope-and-pulley system to traverse across to the adjacent Tower 4 while suspended 181 m (594 ft) above the ground. In Stair, teams had to climb up 45 floors to the rooftop of Tower 3 and then descend and head to Tower 4 and again climb up 45 floors before receiving their next clue.
Leg 2 (Philippines).
Airdate: 29 November 2007
In the first Roadblock of the race, one team member had to choose a carabao and then lead it around a muddy field to plough it in a figure 8 direction. Their path is clearly marked by posts and race flags and teams have to lead their carabao back to where they started in the correct direction to receive their next clue. Teams are taught beforehand on some of the common vocal commands they may give to help control their carabao. If teams need help, they may ask for it, but will have to return to the starting line again. In this Detour, teams had to choose between Heel or Wheel. In Heel, teams have to match 250 pairs of shoes from a messy pile. All the shoes were mixed up. In Wheel, teams choose one of the work stations and fully assemble a bicycle with just the equipment and parts provided.
Leg 3 (Philippines → Hong Kong, China → New Zealand).
Airdate: 6 December 2007
In this Roadblock, one team member had to perform a bungee jump of from the Auckland Harbour Bridge. In this Detour, teams had to choose between two sports; Wall or Waka. In Wall, teams had to head to the Birkenhead War Memorial Leisure Centre where each team member had to climb the rock wall once to retrieve one flag each. Then, either of the team member must climb the wall again to grab their next clue. In Waka, teams had to go to Lake Pupuke and paddle a traditional waka boat around the lake to collect three flags and then return to receive their next clue.
Leg 4 (New Zealand).
Airdate: 13 December 2007
In this Roadblock, one team member had to enter the Hell's Gate mud bath, which contains sulphur pools at temperatures of 40 °C (104 °F). Once inside, teams had to search for a stick to trade for their next clue. In this Detour, teams had to choose between Flax or Sticks. In Flax, teams had to weave traditional Māori headbands called a "tipare" out of flax plants and seek approval from the demonstrators of their handicraft before receiving their next clue. In Sticks, teams had to master a traditional Māori stick game called the "titi torea" in which teams had to pass specially carved sticks to each other with a particular rhythm. If teams dropped the sticks, they had to redo the task.
Leg 5 (New Zealand → Japan → South Korea).
Airdate: 20 December 2007
Airdate: 27 December 2007
In this leg's first Detour, teams had to choose between You Catch It or You Cart It. In You Catch It, teams had to participate in the traditional game of goldfish scooping, using paddles made of rice paper (which disintegrates very easily when immersed in water) to scoop up 40 goldfish with paddles. In You Cart It, teams had to locate a dry cleaner's store and collect a yukata which they had to deliver to a certain address. In the first Roadblock one team member had to decipher an ice block puzzle. The answer would be the name of one of the biggest cities in Japan. Once the team member has figured out the answer, the personnel will hand them their next clue.
In the leg's second Detour, teams had to choose between Slither or Deliver. In Slither, teams had to proceed to the Jagalchi Fish Market where they will have to find a marked fish tank filled with octopus. Each team member must retrieve one 100-year old Korean coin (token) from the bottom of the tank before receiving their next clue. In Deliver, teams had to deliver six meals to three different addresses, some of the deliveries in which might have an ambiguous location. In the second Roadblock, teams proceeded to Yongdusan Park and look for a gatekeeper. The team member must then use the key given to search and open one of the locks before the gatekeeper will hand them their next clue. Teams will have to start over if they break their key.
Leg 6 (South Korea).
Airdate: 3 January 2008
In this Roadblock, one team member had to search under the lids of 1,500 soybean jars until they find one which contains their next clue. One of the jars will contain the clue "plus" a 50 bonus from Standard Chartered, which Adrian and Collin won. In this Detour, teams had to choose between Too Ho and Too Heavy. In Too Ho, teams had to play a traditional Korean game where they have to throw three bamboo stickets into a cylinder away. In Too Heavy, teams had to deliver 30 logs in a traditional carrying device and deliver it to a woman somewhere inside the village before receiving their next clue.
Leg 7 (South Korea → Germany → Czech Republic).
Airdate: 10 January 2008
In this Roadblock, one team member had to don a full suit of knight armour and then walk around to look for a "damsel in distress", who is standing on a balcony facing the Prince's Hotel. Once teams find her, they have to tie the key to a rope which the "damsel" would exchange for their next clue. In this Detour teams had to choose between Bow or Blow. In Bow, each team member had to hit a coloured red-and-yellow target using a traditional crossbow. In Blow, teams had to travel to Rückl Crystal and use mechanical tools to cut a star-design on a number of glass bottoms.
Leg 8 (Czech Republic).
Airdate: 17 January 2008
In this Detour, intersected teams had to choose between Snap or Roll. In Snap, teams had to take photos of three historic monuments ("Statue of St. Wenceslas in Wenceslas Square", "Lenin Statue in Museum of Communism", and "Estates Theatre") in Prague and submit the photographs as evidence before the personnel positioned in front of the Statue of Josef Mánes would hand them their next clue. In Roll, teams had to locate Hostinec U Váhy and collect two 50-litre (13 gallons) beer kegs and roll it to the Admiral Botel. After the Detour, they are no longer intersected. In this Roadblock, one team member had to climb up to a ten-metre high diving board and jump off it into the pool below to receive their next clue.
Leg 9 (Czech Republic → Hungary).
Airdate: 24 January 2008
In this Detour, teams had to choose between Pitch or Pull. In Pitch, teams had to load a large pile of hay into a donkey cart and then go for a ride as a local drives the cart to a nearby farm. In Pull, teams had to milk a goat and obtain 200ml (7 oz) of milk. Then, they had to place the goat in a pen and secure it before receiving their next clue. In this Roadblock, one team member had to experience several legs of flying fox obstacles while adding up several numbers found around the course which would add up to 1,000. Team members that do not get the correct number will have to restart the task and if there are other teams present, will be sent to the back of the line and have to wait their turn till the other teams in front of them are done or have to restart as well.
Leg 10 (Hungary).
Airdate: 31 January 2008
In this Fast Forward, teams had to count the number of fence posts on Erzsébet Bridge and then with the number obtained, use it to open a safe with the 4-digit figure of fence posts (the correct digit was 2-3-7-7). The first team to open the safe won the Fast Forward award. In this Roadblock, one team member had to take a lantern and search through the dark and confusing labyrinth of tunnels in Buda Castle to search for several chests. However, only one of these contained the team's next clue. In this Detour, teams had to choose between Say It or Play It. In Say It, teams had to correctly pronounce (in full local accent) the names of 14 prominent Hungarian rulers, a potential tongue twister. In Play It, teams had to solve a Rubik's Cube (a Hungarian invention) but were given the option to solve one side by one side (to get the same colour on each side) for all six sides, alternating between team members.
Leg 11 (Hungary → South Africa).
Airdate: 7 February 2008
In this Roadblock, one team member must race eight laps around the Killarney racing circuit on a open-wheel race car. After four laps, they must enter the pit area for a mandatory tune-up. If the team members entered it within seven minutes he/she could immediately exit and complete the task; otherwise, a five-minute time penalty would be incurred. In this Detour, teams had to choose between In One End or Out The Other. For In One End, teams must prepare 100 kg (220 lbs) of food and feed them to the elephants. Only after the elephants finish the entire meal could teams collect their next clue. In Out The Other, teams must clear the elephant stalls of dung onto a marked area, using only the tools provided.
Leg 12 (South Africa → Singapore).
Airdate: 14 February 2008
In the final Detour teams had to choose between Search or Assemble (This option was presented as "Sound" in the teams' clue). In Search, teams had to go The Scratch Patch and search amongst thousands of semi-precious gemstones for the three race stones which were yellow in colour and marked with a red dot. They will trade these three stones for their next clue. In Assemble, teams had to go to Waterfront Craft Market and watch a demonstration on how to assemble a wire-frame radio. Once teams had successfully put together a working radio using the tools provided, they would receive their next clue. In this Roadblock, one team member had to grab flags from the ten different countries they visited on the Race and arrange them in the order that they visited them. Once teams got the correct order of correct flags, they may retrieve the final clue.

</doc>
<doc id="9875090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875090" title="Joseph Berkson">
Joseph Berkson

Joseph Berkson (1899 – 1982) was trained as a physicist (M.A., 1922, Columbia), physician (M.D., 1927, Johns Hopkins), and statistician (Dr.Sc., 1928, Johns Hopkins). In 1950, as Head (1934–1964) of the Division of Biometry and Medical Statistics of the Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota, Berkson wrote a key paper entitled "Are there two regressions?". In this paper Berkson proposed an error model for regression analysis that contradicted the classical error model until that point assumed to generally apply and this has since been termed the "Berkson error model". Whereas the classical error model is statistically independent of the true variable, Berkson's model is statistically independent of the observed variable. Carroll et al. (1995) refer to the two types of error models as follows:
Berkson is also widely recognised as the key proponent in the use of the logistic in preference to the normal distribution in probabilistic techniques.
Berkson is also credited with the introduction of the logit model in 1944, and with coining this term. The term was borrowed by analogy from the very similar probit model developed by Chester Ittner Bliss in 1934.
Berkson was a prominent opponent of the idea that cigarette smoking causes cancer. In the 1957 Liggett & Myers annual report, he was quoted as saying "the evidence, taken as a whole, does not establish, on any reasonable scientific basis, that cigarette smoking causes lung cancer." Following the issuance of the famous report , he was quoted in Life Magazine as saying it was "very doubtful that smoking causes cancer of the lung."

</doc>
<doc id="9875094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875094" title="Nicholas Angelich">
Nicholas Angelich

Nicholas Angelich (born 1970) is an American pianist.
Born in the United States, he began to study the piano with his mother at the age of five. He gave his first concert at the age of seven, with a chamber orchestra in the United States, when he performed Mozart's piano concerto in C major, K.467. At the age of thirteen he entered the Conservatoire National Superieur de Musique in Paris, where his teachers included Aldo Ciccolini, Yvonne Loriod, Michel Beroff, and Marie-Françoise Bucquet. In 1989 he won second prize in the Casadesus International Piano Competition in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1994 he won the first prize of the Gina Bachauer International Piano Competition. In 2002 he received the Young Talent Award and the International Klavierfestival Ruhr. He has performed with major French orchestras under the conductors Myung-Whun Chung and David Robertson. He made his debut with the New York Philharmonic under Kurt Masur in May 2003. In 2004 he toured Japan with Kurt Masur and the Orchestre National de France. His recording of Brahms trios with Renaud Capuçon and Gautier Capuçon for Virgin Classics received a Schallplatten Prize.
During his 2009-10 tour, he gave recitals in Queen Elizabeth Hall (London), Teatro della Pergola (Florence), Milan Conservatory, The Hague, and Theatre du Chatelet (Paris). He was featured on the cover of the October 2009 issue of "International Piano", whose feature article is about his recording of Brahms's Op.116 to Op.119 on the Virgin Classics label.
He performed Ravel's Concerto for the Left Hand at the opening of the Royal Scottish National Orchestra's 2010–2011 Season in Dundee's Caird Hall, Edinburgh's Usher Hall and Glasgow Royal Concert Hall from September 23 to 25 under conductor Stephane Deneve.

</doc>
<doc id="9875149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875149" title="Dan David">
Dan David

Dan David (; ‎23 May 1929 – 6 September 2011) was a Romanian-born Israeli businessman and philanthropist.
Biography.
Dan David was born to a Jewish family in Bucharest, Romania. He joined a Zionist youth movement at the age of 16. After studying economics at university, he worked for Romanian television and became a press photographer. In 1958, his newspaper asked him to travel to West Germany on an assignment. When he requested an exit permit, he was accused of being a Zionist activist and was fired from his job. 
He left Romania for Paris in August 1960, later settling in Israel. The following year, he traveled to Europe. With a $200,000 loan from a cousin, he won the franchise for Photo-Me International automated photography booths in certain countries. He opened branches in Israel, Spain, Romania and Italy, eventually taking over the company. When David was chairman of Photo-Me in 1999, his and board-member Serge Crasnianski's shares were valued at 210 and 200 million pounds, respectively.
David died in London on 6 September 2011.
Dan David Prize.
In 2000, David founded the Dan David Foundation with a $100 million endowment. The First Director of the Dan David Prize was Professor Gad Barzilai. The Foundation, together with Tel Aviv University, awards the Dan David Prize (first awarded in 2002), which consists of annual awards of three prizes of $1 million each awarded to individuals who have made an outstanding contribution in the fields of science, technology, culture or social welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="9875202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875202" title="1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill">
1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill

Men's Downhill World Cup 1991/1992
Final point standings.
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1991/92 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9875217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875217" title="Troides magellanus">
Troides magellanus

The Magellan Birdwing ("Troides magellanus") is a large and striking Birdwing butterfly found in the Philippines and on Taiwan's Orchid Island.
This butterfly is named for the explorer Ferdinand Magellan who was killed in the Philippines in 1521.
Description.
Male: The fore wings are ground colour black. The veins are bordered by white colour.The underside of the forewings is very similar to the upperside, but some veins are bordered by yellow.The hind wings are golden yellow. The veins and the marginal edge of the hindwing are black. The golden area has an opal, green colour or blue colour at a certain angle. 
The underside of the hindwing is very similar to the upperside and also has the optical effect.
The body (abdomen) is yellowish, but the underside is yellow. Head and thorax are black. 
Female: "Troides magellanus" is sexually dimorphic.The female is larger than the male. The ground colour of the female is dark-brown to black. The veins are bordered by white colour-shading. There is a golden area with dark veins on the hind wings. At the edge there is a postdiscal chain of golden spots.The underside is very similar to the upperside.
Iridescence.
"T. magellanus" shows a blue-green sheen if viewed from an oblique angle. "Troides magellanus" and the much rarer "T. prattorum", are noted for their use of limited-view iridescence: the yellow of the dorsal hindwings is modified by bright blue-green iridescence which is only seen when the butterfly is viewed at a narrow, oblique angle. This "grazing iridescence" is brought about through diffraction of light (after back-reflection) by the wings' extremely steeply-set, multilayered rib-like scales (rather than the ridge-lamellae of most other iridescent butterflies, such as "Morpho" species). Such limited-view iridescence was previously only known from one other species, the lycaenid "Ancyluris meliboeus". In "A. meliboeus", however, the iridescence is produced by ridge-lamellar scales and features a wider range of colours.
Distribution.
Philippines Batan Island, Babuyan Island, Luzon, Polillo, Marinduque, Cuyo Island,
Samar, Cebu, Leyte, Bohol and Mindanao
Taiwan Hung-t'ou Hsii Is (Orchid Island) only
Biology.
Larvae feed on species of "Aristolochia" - "Aristolochia acuminata", "Aristolochia debilis", "Aristolochia kankauensis", "Aristolochia tagala" and "Aristolochia zollingeriana"
Subspecies.
Forma
Related species.
"Troides magellanus" is a member of the "Troides aecus" species group. The members of this clade are:

</doc>
<doc id="9875237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875237" title="John Walker (film producer)">
John Walker (film producer)

John Walker (born April 21, 1956) is a film producer for Pixar. He produced "The Incredibles," which has 2 references to him. The plaques on the wall that are seen when Dash is sent to the principal's office say J. Walker. Also, the principal is named after him.
John Walker is also the Vice President of Ghost Ranch Productions, a non-profit corporation committed to producing a wide variety of exceptional plays, musicals and films. Their most recent film is "Trifles".

</doc>
<doc id="9875250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875250" title="Geison">
Geison

Geison (Greek: γεῖσον - often interchangeable with somewhat broader term cornice) is an architectural term of relevance particularly to ancient Greek and Roman buildings, as well as archaeological publications of the same. The "geison" is the part of the entablature that projects outward from the top of the frieze in the Doric order and from the top of the frieze course (or sometimes architrave) of the Ionic and Corinthian orders; it forms the outer edge of the roof on the sides of a structure with a sloped roof. The upper edge of the exterior often had a drip edge formed as a hawksbeak molding to shed water; there were also typically elaborate moldings or other decorative elements, sometimes painted. Above the "geison" ran the sima. The underside of the geison may be referred to as a soffit. The form of a "geison" (particularly the Hawksbeak molding of the outer edge) is often used as one element of the argument for the chronology of its building.
Horizontal "geison".
The horizontal "geison" runs around the full perimeter of a Greek temple, projecting from the top of the entablature to protect it from the elements and as a decorative feature. Horizontal "geisa" may be found in other ancient structures that are built according to one of the architectural orders. The horizontal sima (with its antefixes and water-spouts) ran above the horizontal geison along the sides of a building, acting as a rain gutter and final decoration.
Doric order.
In the Doric order, the sloped underside of the horizontal "geison" is decorated with a series of protruding, rectangular mutules aligned with the triglyphs and metopes of the Doric frieze below. Each mutule typically had three rows of six "guttae" (decorative conical projections) protruding from its underside. The gaps between the mutules are termed "viae" (roads). The effect of this decoration was to thematically link the entire Doric entablature (architrave, frieze, and "geisa") with a repeating pattern of vertically and horizontally aligned architectural elements. Use of the hawksbill molding at the top of the projecting segment is common, as is the undercutting of the lower edge to aid in dispersing rainwater. In order to separate the "geison" from the frieze visually, there is typically a bed molding aligned with the face of the triglyphs.
Ionic and Corinthian orders.
Horizontal "geisa" of these orders relied on moldings rather than the mutules of the Doric order for their decoration.
Raking "geison".
A raking "geison" ran along the top edge of a pediment, on a temple or other structure such as the "aedicula" of a "scaenae frons" (theater stage building). This element was typically less decorative than the horizontal "geison", and often of a differing profile from the horizontal "geison" of the same structure. The difference is particularly marked in the Doric order, where the raking "geison" lacks the distinctive mutules. The raking sima ran over the raking "geison" as a decorative finish and, essentially, a rain gutter.

</doc>
<doc id="9875252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875252" title="Jeremy Callaghan">
Jeremy Callaghan

Jeremy Callaghan (born 22 July 1967 in Papua New Guinea) is an Australian actor whose portrayal of the cute and shy Constable Brian Morley on the popular TV drama "Police Rescue" ensured international attention. Callaghan is also well known for his guest appearances on "" (portraying Palaemon and Pompey) and "Young Hercules" (portraying Pollux).
Biography.
The blonde and blue-eyed Jeremy Callaghan grew up in Perth, Western Australia with his parents, brother and sister. He graduated from Murdoch University with a B.A. in theatre media and communications in 1987. In 1991, he graduated from the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts (WAAPA), and then moved to Sydney to find work.
Career.
Jeremy Callaghan's big break came in 1992 with the role as Constable Brian Morley on "Police Rescue" (also starring Gary Sweet, Sonia Todd, Steve Bisley and Tammy MacIntosh). The character was introduced in the second series episode "Stakeout", and Callaghan stayed on the show till the end of the fourth series. In 1993, his work earned him an AFI Award nomination for "Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Television Drama" for the episode "Whirlwind", but the award went to Peter Phelps for the "G.P." episode "Exposed". Callaghan also starred in the 1994 feature film "".
In 1996, Jeremy Callaghan played Detective Senior Constable Kevin Holloway in the first season of "Water Rats" (with Colin Friels and Catherine McClements). In 2002, he played Dave Gorman in the last season of "Something in the Air".
Over the years, Callaghan has guest-starred on a host of other TV series, including "Blue Heelers", "Murder Call", "G.P." in 1993 and 1996, "SeaChange", "The Lost World", "BeastMaster", "Holby City", "MDA", "Young Hercules", and "Xena: Warrior Princess". On many of the shows, he appeared in more than one episode, sometimes portraying a recurring character, sometimes not.
Moreover, Jeremy Callaghan has starred in movies like "Southern Cross" (2001) and the critically acclaimed "The Great Raid" (2005) (alongside Benjamin Bratt and James Franco) as well as a few TV movies like "Secret Men's Business", "", and "The Munsters' Scary Little Christmas". He has also performed extensively in theatre, commercials, and in short films like "Elvis Killed My Brother" (1990) [http://www.elvisinfonet.com/filmreview_elviskilledmybrother.html], "Bits & Pieces" (1996) and "Larger Than Life" (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="9875268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875268" title="Elham Deanery">
Elham Deanery

The Elham Deanery is in the Diocese of Canterbury in Kent, England.
Churches within the Deanery:

</doc>
<doc id="9875276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875276" title="Bart Palaszewski">
Bart Palaszewski

Bart K. Palaszewski (; born May 30, 1983) is a retired Polish-American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC's Featherweight division. He fought for the Quad City Silverbacks of the defunct International Fight League, and was a face of the organization in which he held a record of 8-4. He has also fought for the WEC and King of the Cage.
Background.
Palaszewski was born in Warsaw, Poland and lived there until he was 13 years old when he and his family immigrated to Wonder Lake, Illinois. In Poland, he was a "punching bag" for his older cousin who was involved in kickboxing, and Palaszewski also began judo when he was in the third grade. However, his coach became an Olympian and after Palaszewski was not happy with his old coach's replacement, he trained for six months in Brazilian jiu-jitsu and Muay Thai before being introduced to mixed martial arts. He trained whilst working as a photographer and graphic designer and holding other computer-related jobs. Then, after seeing his first MMA event at a show in McHenry, Illinois, Palaszewski was hooked. Although his official record indicates that he lost his first four professional fights, he claims that he had other wins professionally but only the four losses were documented when his coach sent in the results. Nevertheless, he then bounced back with eight consecutive victories.
Mixed martial arts career.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
Palaszewski made his WEC debut against Alex Karalexis at WEC 37. He won the fight via second round TKO, earning "Knockout of the Night" honors.
Palaszewski suffered back to back losses against Ricardo Lamas via unanimous decision at WEC 39, and Anthony Njokuani via second round at WEC 40. The loss to Njokuani is to this date the only TKO/KO loss of his career.
Palaszewski fought touted prospect Anthony Pettis on December 19, 2009 at WEC 45. He gave Pettis his first professional loss via split decision.
Palaszewski defeated Karen Darabedyan via first round submission at WEC 47.
Palaszewski faced Zach Micklewright on August 18, 2010 at WEC 50. He won the fight via TKO in the second round.
Palaszewski was expected to face Kamal Shalorus on November 11, 2010 at WEC 52., but the bout was moved to WEC 53 after Shalorus suffered a hand injury. Palaszewski lost to Shalorus via a split decision.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In October 2010, World Extreme Cagefighting merged with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As part of the merger, most WEC fighters were transferred to the UFC.
Palaszewski was expected to face Cody McKenzie on May 28, 2011 at UFC 130. However, McKenzie was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Gleison Tibau. Palaszewski himself was forced from the Tibau bout with an injury and replaced by Rafaello Oliveira.
Palaszewski returned to face Tyson Griffin in a featherweight bout on October 29, 2011 at UFC 137. Palaszewski won via first round KO after dropping Griffin with a left hook and finishing the fight with a flurry of punches against the cage, earning "Knockout of the Night" honors.
Palaszewski faced Hatsu Hioki on February 26, 2012 at UFC 144. Hioki defeated Palaszewski via unanimous decision.
Palaszewski faced Diego Nunes on October 5, 2012 at UFC on FX 5., losing via unanimous decision (30-27, 29-28, 30-27). Despite the loss, he still earned the "Fight of the Night" bonus.
Palaszewski faced Cole Miller on April 13, 2013 at . Palaszewski lost the fight via submission in the first round and was subsequently released from the promotion.
On February in 2014, Palaszewski announced his retirement from mixed martial arts competition.
Personal life.
Bart and his girlfriend Jen were married on November 15, 2008.
The couple have a daughter who was born in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9875285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875285" title="Bjarni Ármannsson">
Bjarni Ármannsson

Bjarni Ármannsson (born 23 March 1968) is an Icelandic banker who resigned as CEO of Glitnir (formerly Íslandsbanki), a financial group based in Iceland, in May 2007.
He worked at the Kaupthing securities firm in 1991 to 1997, first in Asset Custody and then as CEO from the start of 1997. Later in 1997, Ármannsson was appointed the CEO of FBA (The Icelandic Investment Bank) when four government credit funds were merged. Following privatisation, FBA merged with Íslandsbanki hf. in 2000. From 1994 to 1997, Ármannsson was the Deputy CEO and later the CEO of Kaupthing Investment Bank.
Bjarni Ármannsson has been appointed to a number of non-executive positions for various bodies. He is currently the Chairman of the Board of The Bankers´ and Securities Dealers´ Association of Iceland and a Member of the Board of the Iceland Chamber of Commerce. He also chairs the Icelandic Children's Welfare Fund and serves as Chairman of the Board of Reykjavik University, and has been Chairman of the board of the Norwegian-Icelandic Chamber of Commerce since it was established in March 2006.
Bjarni Ármannsson holds a degree in Computer Science from the University of Iceland and an MBA degree from IMD in Switzerland. He is married with four children.

</doc>
<doc id="9875297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875297" title="Marion, Cyprus">
Marion, Cyprus

Marion () was one of the Ten city-kingdoms of Cyprus. It was situated in the north-west of the island in the Akamas region, close to the present town of Polis. Both Strabo and Pliny the Elder mention the city in their writings.
The city was founded in the 7th century BC and grew wealthy from the nearby copper and gold mines. It also served as an important trading port for both metal and timber. The current port of Latchi, is built on the foundations of this ancient harbour, where its remnants are visible to this day.
In 450 BC, the city was conquered by the Athenian general Kimon during his Cyprus campaign. He was pursuing the Persians following the Battle of Salamis (in Cyprus) in an attempt to re establish Athenian supremacy in the Eastern Mediterranean. It was eventually destroyed in 312 BC by Ptolemy I and was later replaced by the nearby city of Arsinoe.
Excavations.
Archaeological excavations of the area were first undertaken by the Swedish Cyprus Expedition between 1927 and 1931. This was followed by the Department of Antiquities of Cyprus, and since 1983 by the Princeton Cyprus Expedition.
E. Linder and A. Raban carried out the only investigation of the remains of the harbour in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9875302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875302" title="Private Investigator!">
Private Investigator!

Private Investigator! is an adventure story arc of the Philippine comic strip series "Pugad Baboy", created by Pol Medina Jr. and originally published in the Philippine Daily Inquirer. This particular story arc lasts 77 strips long and ran July to October, 2000, in the light of the then-recent bombings in some shopping malls. In 2001, the story arc was reprinted in "PB the 13th", the thirteenth book compilation of the comic strip series. The story arc's title comes from the fact that every time Dagul's alter ego Bardagul Kapote's name is mentioned by the unseen narrator, he always follows it with the phrase "Private Investigator," which is what Bardagul Kapote is.
"Kapote" is Filipino for raincoat and Bardagul's trench coat can serve the same purpose as a raincoat in the Philippine setting.
Synopsis.
Dagul, Debbie, and their housekeeper Brosia are watching a very gory movie in a shopping mall cinema when suddenly, an explosion is heard, sending the other moviegoers into panic. In the aftermath of the explosion, Brosia helps the janitor collect the debris from the explosion, which originated from the women's restroom, into a garbage bag. Brosia and her masters take home the garbage bag, even before police could obtain any evidence from it.
At home, Dagul tells Debbie that the garbage bag they took home might contain evidence related to the bombing. But examining it should be done by a very skilled detective. Dagul and Brosia then disappear and reappear as Bardagul Kapote, a trench coat-clad private investigator, and Brossy, his blonde secretary, both dressed in a 50s get-up.
Bardagul then examines the contents of the garbage bag. The absence of shrapnel tells him that the bomb used in the explosion is not a fragmentation bomb and neither it is an incendiary bomb because the garbage is still intact. Bardagul also finds some receipts, a classified ad from a newspaper, a leaf, and a SIM card. He gets his cellular phone and inserts the SIM card. The SIM card is locked, but an acquaintance, Noks Ramos (Igno), manages to unlock it in only four seconds.
Bardagul checks the SIM's log and calls the last number listed. The number leads to an Ilocano-speaking man. Since neither Bardagul nor Brossy can understand Ilocano and an interpreter is nowhere to be found, Bardagul hangs up. In the process, he finds out that the SIM is a prepaid one because its account has P460 left.
Bardagul then has a K-9 detective (Polgas) examine the physical make-up to the piece of debris from the explosion, which is revealed to be made up of cellulose, ethanolamine, nitrogen tri-iodide and activated carbon. He also finds out from his snitches that the fireworks business in Bulacan is on the rise again despite being in the off season as pyrotechnics sales from that province are transacted in several restaurants in Quezon City.
While about to go forward, and in an almost impossible instance, Brossy calls Bardagul through cellphone, even though he is yet to find out about its number. Back in the office, Brossy explains that the number of the SIM is the one posted on the classified ad. Furthermore, she tells him that fourteen of the contacts listed in the SIM are phone numbers to several fireworks factories in Bulacan. 
Based from the info, Bardagul deduces that the perpetrator of the bombing in the mall is a woman named Lita (the one mentioned by the Ilocano-speaking man earlier) and the explosive used in the bombing is a pyrotechnic device from Bulacan. He then asks for the receipts and the leaf that is among the evidence. The receipts have names of restaurants in Quezon City specializing in Ilocano cuisine and all of which list a dish called "inabraw nga saluyot." The leaf happens to be a saluyot leaf, which is predominant in Ilocano dishes.
Using the new information, Bardagul visits the Kaspagarigan Restaurant in Quezon City. He asks one of the crew about the receipt and the man remembers that in the Tuesday before, a female diner ordered "inabraw nga saluyot" and her male companion ordered "minatamis na langka" (sweetened jackfruit). The female diner then left, leaving the companion behind. One of the restaurant's guest relations officers later tells Bardagul that the male companion is from Bulacan who gave the female diner a box. The female diner also talked with the manager, telling him that she wanted to order a lot of goats for her farm in Laoag.
As Bardagul is about to leave, a man points a shotgun at his back. But Bardagul uses some aikido to disarm the gunman and tosses him to the fence of the restaurant. Another member of the crew helps the man up and tells Bardagul that the man he has just manhandled is a security guard who may have mistaken him for someone else. Bardagul then leaves the scene and hides in the tall grasses surrounding the restaurant.
While hiding, he peeks at the crew member who has just helped the gunman who threatened him. The crew member is dialing a phone, but Bardagul can't see the buttons because of his distance. Suddenly, Bardagul's cellphone rings, telling him that the man is calling him, thinking he is Lita, his main suspect. Bardagul disguises his voice (first by singing the Ilocano folk song "Pamulinawen") to a female one. Using this cover, Bardagul finds out that Lita is in vacation in Fort Ilocandia, a hotel resort in Ilocos Norte. He then packs up and drives twelve hours to the said hotel.
Once at the hotel, he distracts the people at the concierge by telling them that Robin Padilla and Vina Morales are checking in just as he does. While the people at desk are running outside to look for the two actors, Bardagul checks the guest list and finds no one named Lita. He then checks the room service list and finds out that someone in Room 400 has ordered "inabraw nga saluyot." So when the desk people return to their posts after their futile search, he asks the concierge to check him into Room 398 for "superstitious" reasons. Room 398 happens to be near Room 400, where Lita is supposed to be staying. He sets up a trap at the door to enable him to wake up at the moment Lita leaves the hotel. He then goes to sleep, tired because of the long drive.
At four in the morning the next day, the trap sets off waking Bardagul up. He opens the door finding several goons about to beat him up with clubs. He takes care of each of them, but finds that Room 400 has been vacated. Furthermore, guns are beginning to cock. He plans to use his .38 revolver, but the goons' guns seem to be more powerful. So he escapes, while firing back at the goons.
Bardagul's pistol is a special one because it carries eight bullets of different kinds: one blank bullet, two rubber-tipped ones, three brass-tipped ones, and two double-action ones. At this moment, he loads bullets that explode on impact and shoots the balcony where the goons are. He then drives off.
While driving away, he tries to call Brossy, but there is no answer. Then, Bardagul remembers the address of the Ilocano-speaking man who talked to him days before. He is about to proceed and his cellphone rings again. It is one of the goons he has fought with earlier and he has kidnapped Brossy. Pretending to be Lita he tells the goon that he has done a good job and asks where he should drop the "hostage." The goon tells him that he will drop the "hostage" in a warehouse in Balacad Road. The location is so detailed, Bardagul immediately realizes that the goons set him up. He then drives off.
He parks near a perimeter fence behind Lita's farm. He crawls under the fence when the Ilocano-speaking man, whom he identifies as Abraham, finds him and asks him about his business in Abraham's farm. Bardagul tells Abraham that he is no robber and he is just finding Lita. The mere mention of Lita earns Abraham's ire and starts to say curses while his daughter, a familiar face to readers of the strip, tries to separate the two so Abraham can calm down.
Abraham's daughter explains to Bardagul that her father pawned half of his land to Lita. When it was time to pay up, Lita did not return the land. In fact, when Lita was about to resell her land, Abraham borrowed some money to get the land back to him; Lita then stopped the sale. The daughter does not even know how Lita transferred the land deeds to her name.
Bardagul tells Abraham's daughter that he is about to infiltrate the warehouse on Lita's land and he tells her to call the other farmers for help in case he needs it.
Bardagul infiltrates the warehouse, breaks the lock and enters. Inside, he finds boxes of potassium nitrate, which can be used as ingredients for explosives. But for him, this is not enough evidence. So he searches for any box of "lolo thunder," a powerful kind of firecracker, and finds one hidden among the boxes of potassium nitrate. While he photographs the evidence, someone is calling him. It is Lita's eight goons, holding Brossy hostage and are looking for him. One of them dials the number of Lita's SIM card and Bardagul's phone rings. In an attempt to distract the goons, he fires three shots to the roof. While the goons are looking away, Brossy kicks the goon holding her. She even imitates Trinity's kick in "The Matrix" on another guard. She then escapes while Bardagul fires exploding bullets on the boxes. But the theatrics stop when Brossy is once again captured, this time by Lita, who is really Abraham's daughter, former Lt.-Col. Violeta Kainam (the main antagonist of the story arc "Col. Manyakis"). She is accompanied by her partner, former Gen. Cresendo Lagumbay (alias Sendong Langib, her counterpart in the story arc "Retraining").
While the two ex-military officials tie Brossy and Bardagul up and introduce themselves, Brossy identifies Lagumbay as the big boss of Lucdet Security Agency. He clarifies that he is the big boss of forty security agencies, all of which hire ex-soldiers.
Kainam explains to Bardagul that the boxes are laced with trinitrotoluene and she can even make bombs make from ordinary fireworks. She takes advantage of making and exploding them because mall security has again been relaxed. Lagumbay and Kainam decide to leave Bardagul and Brossy tied up and shoot each of them down using Bardagul's revolver. But before that plan is set into motion, several Ilocano farmers from Bacalad, led by Abraham, charge into the warehouse, having disabled the goons. In response, Lagumbay guns Brossy down, not realizing that he has fired a blank. While Lagumbay shoots relentlessly, Bardagul rolls on him, knocking him out. As the farmers, particularly Abraham, release Bardagul from the ropes, Bardagul sees a truck driving away. He throws a box of "lolo thunder" towards the truck and shoots using his revolver's double-action bullets (those that explode on impact). The truck is torched, but Lita is seen driving away the other way in a sports car. So he takes Brossy (who still thinks she is dead) and drives after her, even using nitro to get close to her faster.
By the time they approach Vigan, Bardagul and Brossy realize that Kainam cannot be found. Brossy suggests that Kainam may not go to Manila, but Bardagul tells her that Kainam "is" going to Manila, but not by land. So they turn back. Calling the Laoag International Airport as Victoriano Lecaros, a member of Bongbong Marcos's staff, Bardagul finds out that a military flight is leaving the airport, bound for Manila, and a white sports car (Kainam's 1957 Corvette roadster) is found parked in the runaway. They reach the airport as the military plane is taxiing in the runway.
Brossy places two packs of TNT in Bardagul's trench coat pocket. Bardagul gives his car's cigarette lighter and she places it alongside the two packs. Brossy hangs the trench coat on plane's left hind wing and it explodes, disabling the tail rudder. The pilot (the goon whose right hand is bandaged) and Kainam alight from the plane to see the damage as Bardagul and Brossy restrain them. A third person comes out of the plane. It is the gunman whom Bardagul disarmed back in the Kaspagarigan Restaurant. The bandaged goon identifies the man as Melecio, a champion skeet shooter. So Bardagul throws another pack of TNT towards Melecio. Melecio aims and shoots it perfectly, even taunting Bardagul by telling him that TNT does not ignite by shotgun blast. Luckily, Brossy has lit a flare and like a bride tossing a bouquet, Brossy hurls the flare to Melecio's direction.
The TNT spread upon the poor skeet shooter lights up, causing him to accidentally pull his rifle's trigger. The bullet from the rifle makes a hole on the plane's left engine. The plane's fuel, which is 100-octane gas, leaks from the wing and is about to explode. Worse, the plane is full of TNT. Sensing some danger, Bardagul and Brossy run off to their car, with Kainam and the bandaged goon joining them. They drive away from the plane as it blows up.
Bardagul then turns over Kainam, Lagumbay, and their goons (Melecio included) to local authorities, as well as the evidence against them, except for the SIM card, which Bardagul plans to use up its balance first before surrendering it.
Bardagul and Brossy then take time out in Pagudpud Beach in Ilocos Norte. There, Bardagul discusses the confirmed doubt that Lita's (Kainam) actions against her father, Abraham, are just an inside job because their farms are right next to each other and both have saluyot planted on them. So to make sure, he asked Abraham and the other farmers' help in staking Lita. He also explains that Kainam collaborated with Lagumbay in his security business to create terrorist threats on malls, forcing the mall owners to hire more guards, and lose money in the process. He also finds out that Brossy was kidnapped because she was flirting with a security guard, just as he suspected. They then return to Manila, having finished their mission.

</doc>
<doc id="9875313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875313" title="Shawn Syms">
Shawn Syms

Shawn Syms (born 1970) is a Toronto, Ontario-based writer and activist on LGBT issues and other aspects of progressive politics.
From 1988 until 1992, he was one of the editors and publishers of "Rites", a Canadian monthly magazine of queer history, politics and culture. Syms’s work for "Rites" included political and cultural analysis that was referenced in such books as "The Lesbian and Gay Studies Reader"
and "Global Sports Sponsorship", and reprinted in the respected left-of-centre LGBT weekly "Gay Community News". During that time, Syms was also active in the political organization AIDS Action NOW!, which fought for access to treatment for people living with HIV/AIDS.
In 1997 and 1998, he was publisher, for Pink Triangle Press, of "Canadian Male", a short-lived gay men's sexual magazine characterized by very diverse contents and high production values. Syms co-wrote the sexual-advice column "Carnal Queeries" in Toronto's "Xtra!" for several years. Syms was a copy editor at "Fuse Magazine" for over a decade and served on its board of directors for 13 years in the 1990s and early 2000s. He blogged on political affairs for "This Magazine" from 2007 to 2008. From 2007 to 2010, he wrote a regular column on sexuality, sex work, drug use and harm reduction for xtra.ca called "Free Agent."
As a journalist, Syms has specialized in covering medical conditions transmitted through drug use and sexual practices, including hepatitis, herpes, HPV and HIV/AIDS. His 2009 extensive examination of the legal and biocultural implications of criminalizing HIV transmission was described by criminalization expert Edwin J. Bernard as a "piece de resistance"
and was one of the few pieces by a non-lawyer included by the Canadian HIV/AIDS Legal Network’s resource kit for lawyers involved in cases related to HIV and the criminal law. In 2008, Syms was an invited speaker on the topic at the Health and Human Rights Conference at Queen's University.
Other advocacy journalism by Syms regarding gay transgender men has been lauded by writer and sex-worker advocate Sasha Von Bon Bon, and translated into French. His coverage of the forced sterilization of a Chilean HIV-positive woman has been cited in the "Harvard Human Rights Journal".
Syms’s fiction writing was nominated for the 2009 Journey Prize, and was twice short-listed for the short-fiction competition associated with the Saints and Sinners Literary Festival. His essays have twice been published in books by Arsenal Pulp Press. Also a widely published book critic, his writing has appeared in thirty periodicals and journals.
His debut short story collection, "Nothing Is Familiar", is slated for publication by Arsenal Pulp in September 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9875320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875320" title="Mengovirus">
Mengovirus

Mengovirus, also known as "Columbia SK virus", "mouse Elberfield virus" and "Encephalomyocarditisvirus" (EMCV), belongs to the genus Cardiovirus which is a member of the Picornaviridae. Its genome is a single stranded positive-sense RNA molecule, making the "Mengoviruses" a class IV virus under the Baltimore classification system. The genome is approximately 8400nt in length, and has 5’ VG protein (Virus genome protein) and a 3’ polyadenine tail.
Structure.
The "Mengovirus" is a non-enveloped virus which has a nucleocapsid made up of 12 subunits. The virion is 30 nm in diameter and displays icosohedral symmetry.
Gene Expression and Genome Replication.
Once inside a host cell, the "Mengovirus" genome acts as a piece of mRNA, and is directly translated by host ribosomes in the cytoplasm. There is a large un-translated region at the 5’ end of the RNA that has a ribosome binding site, removing the need of a cap. A single polypeptide is made, and is cleaved into individual proteins by viral proteases. The genome is divided into three parts: P1, P2 and P3. P1 encodes the virus capsid proteins, P2 and P3 encode genes required for genome replication to occur. For replication to occur an intermediate double stranded RNA molecule is made to be used as a template for the production of positive sense genomes.
Infection.
"Mengovirus" is infectious to vertebrate animals, and has been isolated from mice and other rodents. It can also cause acute fever in humans. There is no specific treatment for a "Mengovirus" infection; although Persantine has been shown to inhibit its replication. The illness is not severe enough to require vaccination. The "Mengovirus" is able to suppress the host’s immune response by reducing the expression of Nuclear Factor kappa B using the 5’ un-translated region.

</doc>
<doc id="9875325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875325" title="Black Roses (film)">
Black Roses (film)

Black Roses is a 1988 Metalsploitation film,and American horror film directed by John Fasano. The film has become an underground cult classic with heavy metal fans for the all star soundtrack which has become increasingly difficult to find.
Plot.
A new rock-n-roll band named Black Roses plays at a sleepy town called Mill Basin, causing the town's kids to turn into rockers. However, what the town doesn't know is that the band is also turning kids into demonic monsters. The soundtrack features many prominent bands at the time such as King Kobra, Tempest, Hallow's Eve, Lizzy Borden, among others. Most of the music for the band "Black Roses" was performed by the members of King Kobra, with Mark Free on vocals, and Carmine Appice on drums.
Black Roses.
Original music performed by
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was released on CD by Metal Blade Records.
Release.
The film was given a limited release theatrically in the United States by Shapiro Entertainment in 1988. It was released on VHS with a pop out case in November 1988.
The film was released on DVD in the United States by Synapse Films in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9875332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875332" title="Supply-chain operations reference">
Supply-chain operations reference

Supply-chain operations reference-model (SCOR) is a process reference model developed by the management consulting firm PRTM, now part of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) and endorsed by the Supply-Chain Council (SCC) as the cross-industry de facto standard diagnostic tool for supply chain management. SCOR enables users to address, improve, and communicate supply chain management practices within and between all interested parties in the extended enterprise.
SCOR is a management tool, spanning from the supplier's supplier to the customer's customer. The model has been developed by the members of the Council on a volunteer basis to describe the business activities associated with all phases of satisfying a customer's demand.
The model is based on 3 major "pillars":
The process modeling pillar.
By describing supply chains using process modeling building blocks, the model can be used to describe supply chains that are very simple or very complex using a common set of definitions. As a result, disparate industries can be linked to describe the depth and breadth of virtually any supply chain.
SCOR is based on five distinct management processes: Plan, Source, Make, Deliver, and Return.
With all reference models, there is a specific scope that the model addresses. SCOR is no different and the model focuses on the following:
SCOR does not attempt to describe every business process or activity. Relationships between these processes can be made to the SCOR and some have been noted within the model. Other key assumptions addressed by SCOR include: training, quality, information technology, and administration (not supply chain management). These areas are not explicitly addressed in the model but rather assumed to be a fundamental supporting process throughout the model.
SCOR provides three-levels of process detail. Each level of detail assists a company in defining scope (Level 1), configuration or type of supply chain (Level 2), process element details, including performance attributes (Level 3). Below level 3, companies decompose process elements and start implementing specific supply chain management practices. It is at this stage that companies define practices to achieve a competitive advantage, and adapt to changing business conditions.
SCOR is a process reference model designed for effective communication among supply chain partners. As an industry standard it also facilitates inter and intra supply chain collaboration, horizontal process integration, by explaining the relationships between processes (i.e., Plan-Source, Plan-Make, etc.). It also can be used as a data input to completing an analysis of configuration alternatives (e.g., Level 2) such as: Make-to-Stock or Make-To-Order. SCOR is used to describe, measure, and evaluate supply chains in support of strategic planning and continuous improvement.
In the example provided by the picture the Level 1 relates to the Make process.
This means that the focus of the analysis will be concentrated on those processes that relate to the added-value activities that the model categorizes as Make processes.
Level 2 includes 3 sub-processes that are “children” of the Make “parent”.
These children have a special tag – a letter (M) and a number (1, 2, or 3).
This is the syntax of the SCOR model. The letter represents the initial of the process. The numbers identify the “scenario”, or “configuration”.
M1 equals a “Make build to stock” scenario. Products or services are produced against a forecast.
M2 equals a “Make build to order” configuration. Products or services are produced against a real customer order in a just-in-time fashion.
M3 stands for “Make engineer to order” configuration. In this case a blueprint of the final product is needed before any make activity can be performed.
Level 3 processes, also referred to as the business activities within a configuration, represent the best practice detailed processes that belong to each of the Level 2 “parents”.
The example shows the breakdown of the Level 2 process “Make build to order” into its Level 3 components identified from M2.01 to M2.06.
Once again this is the SCOR syntax: letter-number-dot-serial number.
The model suggests that to perform a “Make build to order” process, there are 6 more detailed tasks that are usually performed.
The model is not prescriptive, in the sense that it is not mandatory that all 6 processes are to be executed. It only represents what usually happens in the majority of organizations that compose the membership base of the Supply Chain Council.
The Level 3 processes reach a level of detail that cannot exceed the boundaries determined by the industry- agnostic and industry-standard nature of the SCOR model.
Therefore all the set of activities and processes that build – for instance – the M2.03 “Produce & test” process will be company-specific, and therefore fall outside the model’s scope.
The Performance Measurements Pillar.
The SCOR model contains more than 150 key indicators that measure the performance of
supply chain operations.
These performance metrics derive from the experience and contribution of the Council members.
As with the process modeling system, SCOR metrics are organized in a hierarchical structure.
Level 1 metrics are at the most aggregated level, and are typically used by top decision makers to measure the performance of the company's overall supply chain.
Level 1 Metrics are primary, high level measures that may cross multiple SCOR processes. Level 1
Metrics do not necessarily relate to a SCOR Level 1 process (PLAN, SOURCE, MAKE, DELIVER, RETURN).
The metrics are used in conjunction with performance attributes.
The Performance Attributes are characteristics of the supply chain that permit it to be analyzed and evaluated against other supply chains with competing strategies. Just as you would describe a physical object like a piece of lumber using standard characteristics (e.g., height, width, depth), a supply chain requires standard characteristics to be described. Without these characteristics it is extremely
difficult to compare an organization that chooses to be the low-cost provider against an organization that chooses to compete on reliability and performance.
One of the key aspect that needs to be considered is that the performance measurement and thus bench-marking is done at supply chain level and not at the organizational level. Supply chains are identified with an organization based on customers and products. An organization which is offering multiple products will have multiple supply chains. In fact the supply chain to deliver the material and then returns of the material from customer will also be different.
Then the supply chain which needs to be improved is identified, this could be based on multiple parameters highest profitable, loss making. Once the supply chain is identified then only the performance measurement and bench-marking are done. Please note SCOR might not have the bench-marking data for all kind of supply chain so one needs to check with them i.e. SCOR currently doesn't have data for "catering supply chain" in Airline industry. The point here is that SCOR is for improving supply chains in an organization and the premise is that if a single supply chain is improved it has ripple effect on the complete organization.
Associated with the Performance Attributes are the Level 1 Metrics. These Level 1 Metrics are the calculations by which an implementing organization can measure how successful they are in achieving their desired positioning within the competitive market space.
The metrics in the Model are hierarchical, just as the process elements are hierarchical. Level 1 Metrics are created from lower level calculations.
(Level 1 Metrics are primary, high level measures that may cross multiple SCOR processes. Level 1 Metrics do not necessarily relate to a SCOR Level 1 process (PLAN, SOURCE, MAKE, DELIVER, RETURN).
Lower level calculations (Level 2 metrics) are generally associated with a narrower subset of processes. For example, Delivery Performance is calculated as the total number of products delivered on time and in full based on a commit date.
The best-practices pillar.
Once the performance of the supply chain operations has been measured and performance gaps identified, it becomes important to identify what activities should be performed to close those gaps. Over 430 executable practices derived from the experience of SCC members are available.
The SCOR model defines a best practice as a current, structured, proven and repeatable method for making a positive impact on desired operational results.
 Current – Must not be emerging (bleeding edge) and must not be antiquated
 Structured – Has clearly stated Goal, Scope, Process, and Procedure
 Proven – Success has been demonstrated in a working environment.
 Repeatable – The practice has been proven in multiple environments.
 Method- Used in a very broad sense to indicate: business process, practice, organizational strategy, enabling technology, business relationship, business model, as well as information or knowledge management.
 Positive impact on desired operational results
The practice shows operational improvement related to the stated goal and could be linked to Key Metric(s). The impact should show either as gain (increase in speed, revenues, quality) or reduction (resource utilizations, costs, loss, returns, etc.).
An example of how to use SCOR.
The example is of a simple supply chain.
The picture alone cannot adequately describe what production strategy the manufacturing company has decided to adopt. It is no easier to figure out how the material is supplied from the two suppliers. For example, is the material delivered against a forecast or is it pulled based on real consumption?
Even in its apparent simplicity this picture does not represent a standard. Without a more extensive description the picture does not help interpret what is actually happening in this supply chain. Descriptive text could be added to the images to help explain the whole process.
SCOR improves on this by offering a "standard" solution. The first step is to recover the Level 1 and Level 2 process descriptions.
In order to keep the example simple and direct, it focuses only on the central processes: Source, Make, and Deliver. This reflects the general practice of members who focus first of all on these three process scopes. Only in a second step do they apply Plan and Return to map all their supply chain processes.
The description of the manufacturing company reads “Manufacturing company That Produces against a 15-day forecast”.
The key word here is “forecast”.
What is the SCOR scenario that resembles a production based on forecast? The answer is, M1 (Make build to stock).
How does the company supply materials from the Far East? The box reads “Supplies raw materials in bulks from the Far East against a monthly forecast”.
“Forecast” is again the keyword.
How a process of supply based on a forecast be represented?
The process is “Source”. The picture from the SCOR manual shows that the process S1 “Source Stocked Product” exactly corresponds to the needs of this example.
With the French supplier, the company “Pulls components from France based on production volumes”. The key word here is “pulls”, as it describes a "just-in-time" strategy adopted with this supplier.
What is the syntax used by SCOR to represent a pull-mode supply?
The Source process descriptions in SCOR 8.0 offers a description that resonates well with the needs of the example: S2 “Source Make-to-Order Product”.
Lastly, the distribution strategy chosen by the manufacturing company is “Ship weekly finished goods to a Distribution Warehouse based in Central Europe”.
The description suggests that a weekly shipment is closer to a forecast-based rather than a just-in-time policy.
A shipment is a delivery process, so we must look under the “Deliver” tree.
By browsing the Level 2 processes in the model we must look for a process configuration that corresponds to the forecast-based policy. We find that in D1 “Deliver Stocked Product”.
The SCOR paradigm demands that whenever a unit of the chain supplies, there must be some other unit that delivers. Similarly, any delivery process requires a correspondent supply process at the other end of the link. So the mapping of the processes of the supply chain is completed, and can be depicted as in the following illustration.
We see now that we don’t need any more the descriptions in the boxes.
By just reading the SCOR syntax we immediately capture the salient processes that occur in this chain.
The syntax of the model allows “to speak the same language”. As a matter of fact, if we were to use the “orthodox” representation of a SCOR mapping, we would build a “thread diagram” like the one in the below picture. This is perfectly correspondent to the initial geographical picture, but it contains much more embedded information (we can call it a meta-model) in a more structured and elegant way. The arrows themselves represent the direction of the material flow.

</doc>
<doc id="9875359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875359" title="Prym">
Prym

The "William Prym GmbH & Co. KG" is the oldest family business in Germany. The holding company is located in Stolberg (Rhineland), the main shareholder is currently Michael-Dominic Prym.
History.
For twelve generations the Prym family has been operating from the city of Stolberg (Germany), making and marketing semi-finished copper and brass products as well as haberdashery. In the 17th and 18th century they contributed substantially to establishing the local brass industry and its development towards international reputation. Johann ( *approx. 1340 to approx. 1420), whose name is documented in a medieval register in Aachen, is referred to as the oldest ancestor. In the middle of the 15th century Wilhelm, a goldsmith, is mentioned as an administrator of an Aachen citizen. He is considered the founder of the family tradition in metal manufacturing and trade.
Due to the important zinc ore deposits of the region, the conditions for brass production were ideal at the time. Mainly Protestant families established through their skill and diligence the rapidly growing fame of brass and copper products from Aachen. At the
beginning of the 17th century, the loss of the guild rights in Catholic Aachen forced the now homeless Protestant brass manufacturers to move. Eight families came to nearby Stolberg, a small settlement in the dukedom of Jülich-Cleve-Berg, the brass manufacturer Christian (1614–83) and his family being among them. In 1642 he settled down at Dollartshammer, the head office of the family company which is at the same location to this day. As his sisters Maria (bef.1610- 53) and Sara (1615-1696), he also married into the Peltzer family, one of the richest brass manufacturers of the region. Another sister, Catharina (1610–81), married Jeremias Hoesch (1610–53) in 1637.
In the 19th century the Pryms produced the first finished products made not only of brass, but also of steel and iron in addition to the rolled material and wires made of the traditional copper alloys. Under the management of William (1811–83) the company entered a new era of success. His son Heinrich August (1843-1927) did his apprenticeship in Birmingham and used the knowledge acquired there to introduce mechanical manufacturing of metal haberdashery in Germany.
Hans Friedrich (1875-1965), son of August, expanded the Austrian production and sales branches he had been leading since 1908, to a dominating position in the Austrian monarchy and the crown lands. In this period, in 1903, he made the ingenious improvement to the press fastener, already invented in 1885.
”Prym” and ”Prym’s Zukunft” (Prym’s future) became the earliest brand names of the 20th century, the stag – featured in the family’s coat of arms – with a needle in his antlers one of the most famous trademarks. In the following years, Hans’ great commitment was to the export business. Thus, not long after World War One, he established a business in Schweidnitz (Silesia), a branch in Berlin for sales in the East, and a subsidiary in the USA. In 1932, he modernised the brass rolling mill in Stolberg established prior to the turn of the century, despite the general lack of orders. A decision that turned out to be economically extremely successful. During World War Two, the company produced turbine blades and war related materials in addition to its rolled materials, wires and haberdashery; however, Hans never became a member of the National Socialist Party.
Following World War Two, the considerable possessions of the family and the company in Berlin, Eastern Germany, Poland and Belgium were lost. Despite initial problems, in the years following the war, Hans managed to expand the zip fastener business with the newly developed plastic zip, ”Prymalon”, as an addition to the traditional products. In 1960, after prolonged negotiations, he was successful in buying back all Austrian properties and rights,
which was of essential importance, particularly regarding the ”Prym” brand name. His marriage to Russian-born Olga Gütschow (1884-1975) in 1903 produced six sons, four of whom worked in the company. From 1928-72, Hans-August (1904–82) was head of ”William Prym of America, Inc.”, while Axel (1907–89) and Dieter (* 1917) held leading positions in the Stolberg head office which was expanding towards the Far East and Central America. Following the withdrawal of the British group, ”Coats Viyella” (1976–93, with a 25% participation), the descendants of Heinrich Augusts once again became sole owners of the family company, probably the oldest in Germany.
After the strategically important sale of Prymetall (a leading manufacturer of semi-finished products of copper and copper alloys), the company as a holding is divided into three independent sectors with numerous subsidiaries both in Germany and abroad: Prym Consumer (sewing and needlework accessories), Prym Fashion (fastening systems and accessories), and Prymtec (contact and electronic components). Until today members of the Prym family are still involved in the management of the business. The family stands for continuity in the development of this group of companies.
Current.
In these days Prym produces ca. 15 million snap fasteners per day. The annual turnover in 2003 was about 346 million Euros.

</doc>
<doc id="9875376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875376" title="Emiliano Torres">
Emiliano Torres

Emiliano Torres (born December 5, 1971 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine assistant film director, screenplay writer, cinematographer, and production manager.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
Filmography.
Writer
Cinematographer
Assistant Director
Second Director

</doc>
<doc id="9875405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875405" title="Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria">
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria

The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria () is a Protestant church in the German state of Bavaria. The seat of the church is in Munich.
It is a full member of the Evangelical Church in Germany (EKD), and is a Lutheran Church. The "Landesbischof" (bishop) of the church is Dr Heinrich Bedford-Strohm (since 2011). There are several regional bishops (Regionalbischöfe).
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria is one of 22 Lutheran, united and reformed churches of the EKD. The church has 2,511,151 members (2013) in 1,540 parishes. It's the most important Protestant denomination in Bavaria.
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria is a member church of the United Evangelical Lutheran Church of Germany, the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe and of the Lutheran World Federation. The Church runs a conference venue at Tutzing called Evangelische Akademie Tutzing.
The most prominent churches of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria are St. Matthäus Church in Munich and St. Lorenz Church in Nuremberg where new state bishops get inaugurated. Munich is predominantly Catholic, whereas Nuremberg is a Lutheran stronghold.
The ordination of women has been allowed.
History.
During the Protestant Reformation, Bavaria (consisting at that point only of what is today called "Altbayern") remained predominantly Roman Catholic. In the early 19th century, the largely Protestant Palatinate and Franconia were annexed to the Kingdom of Bavaria, and all Protestant churches in the kingdom were administratively subordinated in 1817 to an upper consistory in Munich and an umbrella, the Protestant Church in the Kingdom of Bavaria (), was founded in 1821. At first, this church consisted of Lutheran and Calvinist congregations in today's Bavaria and congregations of united Protestant confession (as of 1817) in the then Bavarian Governorate of the Palatinate on the left bank of the river Rhine. Since 1848 the Palatine congregations formed a separate church body (United Protestant Evangelical Christian Church of the Palatinate (Palatine State Church)).
Thus the church body renamed into Protestant State Church in the Kingdom of Bavaria right of the Rhine (). In 1918 the Calvinist congregations seceded and formed their own church, the "Evangelical Reformed Church in Bavaria" (which merged with the Evangelical Reformed Church in Northwest Germany in 1989 to form the Evangelical Reformed Church – Synod of Reformed Churches in Bavaria and Northwestern Germany).
So in 1921 the Protestant state church renamed into Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria right of the Rhine when the new church constitution accounted for the Kingdom having become a republic and the Reformed congregations having formed their separate church body. On 1 April 1921 the "Evangelical Lutheran State Church of Saxe-Coburg" merged in the Bavarian church body. The number of parishioners amounted to 1,575,000 in 1925.
During the struggle of the churches under the Nazi dictatorship the Bavarian Lutheran church body remained an intact church (), since the Nazi-submissive German Christians fraction remained a minority in the synod after the unconstitutional election imposed by Hitler on 23 July 1933. Nazi opponents, forming the Confessing Church, could act within the official bodies of the church. The prior name extension "right of the Rhine" was skipped in 1948, after Bavaria left of the Rhine, i.e. the Palatinate, had been seceded from Bavaria by the Allies in 1945.
Synod.
The election of the synod is for six years.

</doc>
<doc id="9875411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875411" title="Gianfranco Dettori">
Gianfranco Dettori

Gianfranco Dettori (born 25 April 1941) is an Italian retired Thoroughbred horse racing jockey.
Dettori was born in Serramanna, in what is now the Medio Campidano, Sardinia. During his career, he won an Italian riding championship thirteen times. In addition to winning many major races in Italy, Dettori won in Great Britain as well, capturing such races as the Classic 2,000 Guineas in 1975 and 1976, plus the Benson & Hedges Gold Cup and Eclipse Stakes in 1976.
He is the father of jockey Frankie Dettori.

</doc>
<doc id="9875420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875420" title="Sun Journal (Lewiston)">
Sun Journal (Lewiston)

The Sun Journal is a daily newspaper published in Lewiston, Maine, USA, covering western Maine.
In addition to its main office in Lewiston, the paper maintains satellite news and sales bureaus in the Maine towns of Farmington, Norway and Rumford.
Prices.
The "Sun Journal" prices are: $1.00 daily, $2.25 Sunday.
Sister weeklies.
On October 1, 2007, the "Sun Journal" purchased Kirkland Newspapers of Farmington, the publisher of four weekly newspapers:
The "Sun Journal" also owns "The Forecaster", a free regional paper.

</doc>
<doc id="9875437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875437" title="Bärbel Dieckmann">
Bärbel Dieckmann

Bärbel Dieckmann (born March 26, 1949 in Leverkusen) was elected mayor of Bonn in 1994. She is the first woman and first Social Democrat to become mayor of Bonn. Dieckmann is married to Jochen Dieckmann, former Minister of Justice, Minister of Finance, and Chairman of the SPD in Northrhine-Westphalia
From 1967 until 1972, she studied philosophy, history and social sciences at the University of Bonn for a teaching degree. The same year she joined the SPD. In 2005, she became vice federal chairwoman of the party, but left office two years later.
In 2005 and 2006 she was a finalist for World Mayor.
Since December 2005 Ms. Dieckmann has been Chair of the World Mayors Council on Climate Change (WMCCC). The office was established after the Kyoto Protocol came into force. The WMCCC is committed to international cooperation and advocates for effective climate protection policies of its members.

</doc>
<doc id="9875442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875442" title="Jonathan Ordway">
Jonathan Ordway

Jonathan David Ordway (born October 19, 1978 in Seffner, Florida) is an Arena football defensive back for the Chicago Rush of the Arena Football League. He formerly played for the Tampa Bay Storm, Ottawa Renegades and Montreal Alouettes in the Canadian Football League[http://www.chicagorush.com/roster_View.asp?ID=131&Unit=Player]. Ordway attended Boston College.
Ordway was named All-County and All-Conference as a senior running back at Armwood High School in Seffner, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9875451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875451" title="Angel Dust (Indo G album)">
Angel Dust (Indo G album)

Angel Dust is an album by Indo G released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9875452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875452" title="Punjabi wedding traditions">
Punjabi wedding traditions

Punjabi wedding traditions and ceremonies are traditionally conducted in Punjabi and are a strong reflection of Punjabi culture.
The actual religious marriage ceremony differs – among Sikhs, the weddings are conducted in Punjabi; among Hindus, the ceremony is conducted in Sanskrit; and among Muslims, in Arabic. There are commonalities in ritual, song, dance, food, and dress. The Punjabi wedding has many rituals and ceremonies that have evolved since traditional times, including many famous Punjabi dances.
Important wedding songs.
Songs of the bridegroom's side
Songs of the bride's side
Sitthniyan (crude, teasing songs)
Others
Wedding rituals.
Pre-wedding rituals.
In this ceremony, the boy and the girl commit to enter a wedlock, and won't consider any more matrimonial proposals. Ardaas is done, followed by exchange of gifts.
Mangni/shagun
The engagement is usually very high profile. The girls side of the family goes to the boys' side with gifts, jewellery, and other goods, to confirm the engagement.
Rokka 
It is an unofficial engagement ceremony where the family and friends come give present,money and blessings to the couple to be. The girl's mama ji (mother's brother) gives her the nath (nose ring) which she will wear on her wedding. The origin of this ceremony lies in the arranged marriage norm where the parents would let out the world that they are looking for a suitable match for their son or daughter. And once they had found that match, their search had come to an end. Though rings are not exchanged, the couple stand unofficially engaged after this ceremony. Looking forward to starting the wedding ceremonies.
Sagai
The wedding celebrations begin with the tikka ceremony, held a week to ten days before the wedding (depending on the number of functions to follow) in which the family of the girl visits that of the boy's carrying beautifully wrapped gifts and the tikka material: a silver tray with a few grains of rice and saffron in a tiny silver bowl, 14 chuharey (dried dates) covered with silver foil and a coconut wrapped in a gold leaf. The father of the girl applies 'tikka' on his son-in-law's forehead and gives him his blessings and some money. In return, the girl's family receives baskets of seven dried fruits: almonds, cashewnuts, chuahara, coconut pieces, raisins, khurman (dried apricots) and phoolmakhana, at the kudmai (sagai or engagement). Nowadays the tikka ceremony is usually combined with the engagement. First, the girl is draped with a chunni (stole), which is usually very ornate. In some families this chunni is a family heirloom, passed down from generation to generation. She is also presented with jewellery, which her mother and sister-in-law help her wear. A tiny dot of mehendi is applied to her palm for good luck, and the function is sealed with the exchange of rings. Everyone present congratulates the couple by feeding them sweet. 
Dholki/sangeet
Can be one day or many days, usually high profile in a banquet hall, ladies sing traditional songs, and it is the eastern version of the western bridal shower. There is a sangeet function hosted by the girl's family, in which just a few close members of the boy's family are invited. The girl's family play the dholki (an elongated tabla) sing songs in which they tease the boy and his family. Nowadays people hire DJs and have a dance party followed by dinner. Ladies sangeet-is held for the bride and her bridesmaids. 
Mehndi
The last major function before the wedding is the mehendi. Mehendiwallis are called to the respective houses of the boy and girl and they apply mehendi to the palms of the female family members, and the hands and feet of the bride. A basket containing bindis and bangles is handed around so girls can choose those that match the outfit they plan to wear to the wedding. The Mehandi ceremony takes place in the atmosphere of a party. The bride and other ladies get mehndii (henna designs) done, on their hands and feet (most ladies get it done only on their hands but the bride gets it done on both hands and feet). For the bride the mehndi is sent by the future Mother in Law, which is beautiful decorated.
Rituals at the bride’s home.
Chuda
On the wedding day the rituals at the girl’s home begin with the Chuda ceremony. The oldest maternal uncle and aunt play an important role in the performance of the ceremony. Chuda is basically a set of red and cream ivory bangles that is touched by all present which is gifted by girl's Mamma (mother's Brother) the girl does not see the chuda until she is ready for the marriage. People touch the chuda and give their heartiest wishes to the girl for her future married life. Also, they sprinkle flower petals on the bride. After that, the girl’s uncle, aunt, friends and cousins tie kaliras (silver, gold or gold plated traditional ornaments) to a bangle worn by the girl.
Vatna/Haldi 
Four lamps or diyas are lit and the bride is made to sit facing them. Oil is constantly poured into the lamps, so that the glow from diyas is reflected on her face. Vatna involves applying the paste made from turmeric powder and mustard oil all over the girl’s body by her female friends and relatives. This is done to make the girl look more beautiful on the special day of our life. This ritual demands that the bride to stay at home in her old clothes for a couple of days before her wedding. Ubtan is supposed to bring glow on the bride's and groom's body especially their face. This tradition is also known as Shaint in some cultures. After this ritual, bride and groom are constrained from meeting each other until the wedding ceremony. 
Ghara gharoli
The decorated pitcher of water (ghadoli) is brought for the bride's bath by the groom's bhabi (brother's wife). In the Ghara Gharoli ritual, the bride’s sibling or sibling’s spouse visits the nearby temple and fills a pitcher with holy water. The girl is then bathed with this holy water. Thereafter, the bride wears their wedding attire.The ghara gharoli and the vatna ceremonies take place at the groom’s house too. But over there, the boy’s sister-in-law brings the pitcher of water. As per the tradition, their wedding dress is presented to them by their respective maternal uncles.
The Rut Jugga
In this ceremony, the family dances and sings in the beautifully decorated wedding home. Rut Jugga is celebrated in the last hours of the night. They decorate copper or brass vessel called "gagger" with diyas (clay lamps) and fill them with mustard oil and light them. The bride/bridegrooms maternal aunt (mammi) carries it on her head, and another lady will have a long stick with bells, and she will be shaking it. The ladies will then go into other friends and families homes and be welcomed by sweets and drinks, they will then dance there and move on. It is a loud ceremony, filled with joy, dancing, fireworks, and food.
Rituals at the grooms’s home.
Sarbala
A young nephew or cousin also dons similar attire as the groom. He is called the sarbala/shabbala (caretaker of the groom) and accompanies him.
Sehrabandi
Like the bride’s home, the Vatna and Ghara Gharoli are followed by the dressing up of groom in his wedding attire. After the groom has dressed up in his wedding clothes, a puja is performed. Thereafter, the groom’s sister ties the sehra on the groom’s head. After the completion of Sehrabandi ceremony, all those who witness the function give gifts and cash to the boy as a token of good luck.
Varna 
Varna is a ceremony that is supposed to ward off the evil eye. The groom's bhabi lines his eyes with surma (kohl). 
Ghodi Chadna
The Ghori Chadna is the final ceremony at the groom’s place. The groom’s sisters and cousins feed and adorn his mare. To ward off the evil eye, people use cash and perform the Varna ritual. The cash is then distributed among the poor. After this the boy climbs the horse and leaves his home for the wedding venue. 
Rituals at the marriage venue.
Milni
It literally means "Introductions". The Ardas is performed by the priest (Giani) followed by the formal introductions of the main male players in the families. For example both eldest Chachas (father's younger brother) will come together and exchange garlands of flowers and money. In the Milni ceremony, the girl's relatives give Shagun (a token of good luck) to the groom's close relatives. It is done in the descending order, beginning from the elder most. Cash and clothes are gifted.
Jaimala/Varmala 
After Milni, the bride and groom come in the middle of the circle where the family is standing, and place a heavily made garland made of flowers- varmala on each other to state, they accept each other and will love and live together with one and other. Friends and relatives of the bride and groom indulge in teasing and fun, to celebrate this happy occasion. An auspicious time or muhurat is chosen for the performance of wedding ceremony. 
Kanyadaan and Phere
The bride's father puts a ring on the boy's finger and then he gives his daughter to the boy. This ritual is known as the Kanyadaan. It is after the kanyadaan that the pheras begin. The pheras take place in front of the sacred fire-agni. After this the groom applies Sindoor (vermilion) to the girl’s hair partition and the Mangalsutra Rasam takes place where the groom ties a beaded necklace i.e. a mangalsutra to the girl’s neck. When all these rituals are over, the couple gets up to touch the feet of all the elder members in the family and seek their blessings for a happily married life. In a Hindu Punjabi Wedding, Agni (sacred fire) is usually encircled seven times.
In a Sikh wedding, the bride and groom will walk in tow around the Guru Granth Sahib four times, called "laanva".
Joota chupai
It literally means 'hiding the shoes'. The bride’s sisters indulge in stealing of shoes. It is a fun tradition, in which the girls charge a fee for agreeing to return the shoes. They demand Kalecharis of gold for the bride's sisters and of silver for her cousins.
Nikah
Nikah is Muslim marriage ceremony. Nikah is the contract between a bride and bridegroom and part of an Islamic marriage, a strong covenant (mithaqun Ghalithun) as expressed in Qur'an 4:21.
Post-wedding rituals.
Vidaai/Doli
Vidaai marks the departure of the bride from her parental house. As a custom, the bride throws phulian or puffed rice over her head. The ritual conveys her good wishes for her parents. A traditionally sad ritual, here the bride says goodbye to her parents, siblings and rest of her family. Her brothers/male cousins then lead her to her husband, who waits to take her to his family home. Her relatives throw coins in the wake of this procession. In keeping with tradition the mother in-law will often not come to the Doli and instead make preparations at home to greet the arrival of her son and new wife.
The mother-in-law has a glass of water in her hand, which she circles 3 times around her bahu and then offers it to her to drink, as a symbol of her acceptance and blessing as her newest daughter.
Rituals observed at the groom's house.
Reception at the boy's house
The newly weds are welcomed in a ceremony called the pani bharna. Then the bride must, with her right foot, kick the sarson ka tel (mustard oil) that is put on the sides of the entrance door before she enters the house. Then, along with her husband, she must offer puja in their room. Then they must touch the feet of the elders in a ceremony called 'matha tekna'. The rest of the evening is spent in playing enjoyable traditional games.
Phera Dalna
The newly weds visit the bride's parents on the day after the wedding. The bride’s brother usually fetches them.

</doc>
<doc id="9875464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875464" title="Petra Roth">
Petra Roth

Petra Roth (born 9 May 1944 in Bremen) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). She was the mayor of Frankfurt am Main from 1995 to 2012. In addition she twice served as president of the Deutscher Städtetag, resuming her previous post there in 2009. The group is the head organization and lobby group for all German cities vis-à-vis the Cabinet of Germany, the German Bundestag, the Bundesrat of Germany, the European Union (EU) and many organizations.
Life.
Petra Roth is descended from a Bremen-based family of merchants. After she left the Kippenberg-Gymnasium, which has a special concentration in music, with a General Certificate of Secondary Education, she completed an apprenticeship as a medical secretary. Later she passed her exam at an upper business school. Love led her from Bremen to Frankfurt am Main. She is described as interested in the arts. She has two sons and has been widowed since 1994.
Political career.
Petra Roth joined the Christian Democratic Union in 1972 after she had moved to Frankfurt. Later she was elected to the local city council and between 1987 and 1995, to the Parliament of Hesse. Between 1992 and 1995 she was chairman of the CDU Frankfurt.
On 25 June 1995, Petra Roth was elected mayor of Frankfurt, defeating the incumbent Andreas von Schoeler and becoming the city's first directly elected woman mayor.
In 2001, she won the second round in a tight race against Achim Vandreike (SPD). Meanwhile Roth is longest-serving Frankfurt mayor since World War II.
On 28 January 2007, she was re-elected in the first round with 60.5% of the votes but with voter participation of only 33.6%. Her rival candidate Franz Frey (SPD) got 27.5% of the votes.
Roth was briefly considered as a potential successor to Federal President Johannes Rau. In March 2008 she was considered a potential candidate for Minister-President of the State of Hesse.
Within the CDU, Roth is considered a proponent of religious tolerance and a moderate stance regarding topics such as building of mosques in Germany, migration and integration, as well as drug treatment policy.
Further functions.
From 1997 to 1999 and from 2003 to 2005 she was president of "Deutscher Städtetag", a position she has taken up again (since 2009). She is also member of the Committee of the Regions of European Union.
Roth is member of the board of Frankfurt International Airport Fraport, chairman of the supervisory boards of the Frankfurt trade fair Messe Frankfurt, of the municipal utility company Stadtwerke Frankfurt am Main, of the regional transport services company Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund, and the regional housing society ABG Frankfurt Holding.
Honors.
In 2001, for her activity in the service of the Franco-German cooperation, she received the Légion d'honneur order, "Officier" class.
In 2005 she received the "Doctor philosophiae honoris causa" of Tel Aviv University for her support of academic and cultural relations between the partner cities Tel Aviv and Frankfurt as well as her friendship to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="9875473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875473" title="Grosgrain">
Grosgrain

Grosgrain , also "gros-grain" and, rarely, "gros grain", is a type of fabric characterized by its ribbed appearance. In grosgrain, the weft is heavier than the warp, creating prominent transverse ribs. It is called a "corded" fabric since the weft resembles a fine cord. Grosgrain is a plain weave corded fabric, with heavier cords than in poplin but lighter than in faille. Grosgrain has a very dull appearance with little luster but is very strong. It is a firm, close-woven, fine-corded fabric. While grosgrain fabric is generally black, it can be many different colors, and grosgrain ribbon comes in a large variety of colors and patterns.
“Grosgrain” is commonly used to refer to a heavy, stiff ribbon of silk or nylon woven via taffeta weave using a heavy weft which results in distinct transverse ribs. Historically grosgrain was made from wool, silk or a combination of fibers such as silk and wool or silk and mohair. When a combination of fibers were used, the end result was sometimes given the name "grogram", "silk mohair", "gros de Tours" or "gros de Napels".
Etymology.
Grosgrain is both a direct French loan word and a corruption of and folk adaptation of the French word "Grogram". Grogram, originally "gros gram" (appeared in literature in 1562) defined as a coarse, loosely woven fabric of silk, silk and mohair, or silk and wool. The adjective "gros" means "relatively very large," hence coarsely big and fat, thence coarse, originally from the Old French "gros" itself derived from the Latin "grossus".
"Grain" is derived from Old French "graine", itself derived form the Latin "grana" (plural of "granum")- seed or in some contexts texture
Thus "gros gram", "grogram" and "grosgrain" are all one and the same: a large grain hence coarse texture, thence a coarse-textured fabric.
Moire.
Moire is a waved or watered effect produced especially on grosgrain silk and woolen moreen via engraved rollers and high pressure on carded material. The end result is a peculiar luster which works best when made from a corded fabric like grosgrain.
During the Middle Ages moire was held in high esteem and was, as currently, used for women’s dresses, capes, and for facings, trimmings, etc.
Use in clothing.
History.
Throughout the 17th century grosgrain fabric was used as the fabric body (corpus) for many garments, including waistcoats, jackets, petticoats, beeches, sleeves, jerkins and many other items of clothing, as a cheaper alternative for the lower socio-economic demographic than fine-woven silk or wool. Factories in America started to produce grosgrain silk in the late 19th century.
Throughout the 1920s the term seems to have remained true to original definition as a garment fabric. However, circa 1920s it fell out of favor as a garment fabric and was defined identical to contemporary terminology as a grosgrain ribbon. While grosgain fabric is almost always black, grosgrain ribbon comes in a large variety of colors and printed patterns.
The most common contemporary use of ribbed grosgrain is in hems where it may be elasticized or not, especially of polo shirts, t-shirts and underwear.
Grosgrain that does have some luster is a very popular fabric especially for ribbons, which are used to ornament and decorate clothing. As grosgrain has less luster than burnished silk or satin it is very popular with and common in evening wear because it is seen as less "flashy", though silk and satin can commonly be found on day wear. Despite the fact grosgrain may actually be made of silk or satin, it is often erroneously referred to as a separate fabric.
Structural uses.
Lustrous grosgrain is used extensively to join female semi-detached clothing articles such as bodices to skirts and similar, where this necessary joint may be visible. Ribbed grosgrain may be used similarly to twill tape for internal gussets and reinforcements. Grosgrain ribbon is often used for facings and for waistbands. Using a grosgrain ribbon facing for waistbands is faster and uses less fabric. It is also works especially well with bulky fabrics.
McCall's "Sewing Book" states: "grosgrain ribbon is used with any heavy fabric to reduce bulk" though it may be the word "bulk" is used in the sense of outward appearance, rather than actual mass. McCall elaborates: "grosgrain is used to finish the back of novelty braid or to face the back of any fabric belt."
Evening wear.
As a more subtle option to lustrous satin, grosgrain is very popular with evening wear, used on the facings of lapels of most dress coats and high-end dinner jackets and tuxedos. Grosgrain is traditionally used to hem and highlight the cut of lapel, collar and visible outermost edges of the formal frock coat and the later morning coat. Hemmed frock-coats as described, may be seen in the film "Gone with the Wind" noted for its historically accurate costume. Grosgrain is preferred over satin for practicality—it does not wear as easily as delicate silk or satin, as the threads do not snag as easily (on a ring or keys, for instance). Grosgrain is also used for matching accessories such as bow ties and cummerbunds, though these are often in barathea to complement the main suiting while still avoiding the glare of satin, increasingly gaining a 'flashy' image.
Millinery.
Grosgrain is also used in millinery. Grosgrain ribbons are popular creating ribbon decorations for hats (made into flowers, for example), however grosgrain is most notably used in top hats, opera hats, or as the trimming band on the Homburg.
Other uses.
Book-binding.
Grosgrain fabric and ribbon are common structural fabrics for the joining or reinforcement of spines or sheaves in fine commercial and hobby book-binding and book restoration.
Cargo and packing use.
A particular characteristic of grosgrain ribbon is that the thicker weft resists longitudinal curling and so it exerts an even pressure when tied around crushable materials. Nylon grosgrain is often used as heavy-duty webbing or binding around luggage, packs, messenger bags and other heavy use "soft" goods. It is also used for securing cargo. It can be dyed and is available in a variety of colours (though again usually black).
Early seat belts and military webbing of every sort during World War II was made of grosgrain hemp, jute and linen.
Craft.
Grosgrain out of cotton or low-cost synthetic such as polyester is very common for gift-wrap ribbons, or for decorating and ornamenting scrapbooks and greeting cards. It can be used for many different crafts as well, from bead making, to book-binding, to trimming or embellishing, as well as a multitude of other uses. Grosgrain ribbon is the primary ribbon material used in the hair bow industry.
Lanyards.
Grosgrain out of cotton or low-cost synthetic such as polyester is very popular for use as a lanyard, and is often printed on by large corporate companies to use as a marketing / branding tool to promote their company.
Percussion.
Polyester grosgrain in a 5/8 inch width can be used as the tensioning material attaching the snares of a snare drum to the throw-off mechanism, with the ribbing providing good insurance against slippage. Some like to use it in an attempt to lessen sympathetic snare buzz from external sources as it will hold the tab ends of the snares closer to the head than string and it will provide more dampening than mylar straps.
Watch Bands.
Grosgrain ribbons made from nylon are sometimes used to make watchbands. They are also generically referred to as ribbon straps or "NATO" straps. The straps are inexpensive, extremely durable, and can be easily and quickly switched out to fit one's outfit or mood. Grosgrain watch bands come in solid colors and stripes most often but sometimes they are also plaid. 
Whereas a grosgrain watch band is quite a simple design consisting of a nylon grosgrain ribbon with a center bar buckle or other simple buckle style and a matching grosgrain keeper at one end and punched holes on the other, a so called "NATO" strap has a very specific design which is most readily distinguished by the existence of a pair of metal keepers, something not found on a simple grosgrain watchband. Strictly speaking, a "NATO" strap would be one that has a NATO stock number which uniquely identifies it for requisitioning purposes much the way item or part numbers identify goods found in any shopping catalog. 
The more correct name for the “NATO” strap is “G10" or "G10 strap." In 1973, “Strap, Wrist Watch” made its debut in the British Ministry of Defence Standard (DefStan) 66-15. For soldiers to get their hands on one, they had to fill out a form known as the G1098, or G10 for short. Subsequently, they could retrieve the strap at their unit’s supply store of the same name. 
Though the British Ministry of Defence's name for the strap was nondescript, its specifications were precise. MoD-issued G10 straps were nylon, only made in “Admiralty Grey” with a width of 20mm, and had chrome-plated brass buckle and keepers. Another key trait was a second, shorter piece of nylon strap attached to the buckle. Since the strap was to be used by the military, it needed to be functional and fail-safe. The extra nylon had a keeper at its end through which the main part of the strap passed through after it had been looped behind the watch. This created a pocket, limiting the distance the watch could move. As long as the strap was passed through properly and snugly on the wrist, the watch would stay exactly where it was needed. The bonus feature of a strap that passes behind the watch is that in the event a spring bar breaks or pops out, the watch will still be secured by the other spring bar.
Since 1973, the G10 strap has seen slight modifications. The current version has been downsized to 18mm (this is due to the 18mm lugs found on the Cabot Watch Company’s military issue watch) and now has stainless steel hardware. In 1978, a company known as Phoenix took over production of MoD-spec G10 straps, and would be the “real deal” if one was looking for it today.
Not long after the simple “Admiralty Grey” G10 was issued, British military regiments began wearing straps honoring their respective regimental colors with stripes of all colors and combinations. One strap’s stripe pattern has become more famous than all the rest, but to call it a G10 or a "NATO" strap is actually a misnomer. When Sean Connery’s Bond famously wrist-checked his “Big Crown” Submariner (reference 6538) in Goldfinger, he revealed a striped nylon strap. Aside from the obviously too-narrow width, the strap was notable because of its navy blue color with red and green stripes. Many watch enthusiasts have labeled this strap as the “Bond NATO”. Despite the strap’s similarities to a G10, Goldfinger began filming in 1964, nine years before the first MoD G10 strap was issued. Timeline issues aside, it’s clear that the strap Connery wore had a very simple one-piece construction, not unlike that of a waist belt, and distinctly different than a true "NATO" or G10 strap.

</doc>
<doc id="9875487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875487" title="Phil Roof">
Phil Roof

Phillip Anthony Roof (born March 5, 1941) is an American former professional baseball player, coach and minor league manager. He played for 15 seasons as a catcher in Major League Baseball in and from to , most notably for the Kansas City/Oakland Athletics and the Minnesota Twins. Although Roof was a relatively weak hitter, he sustained a lengthy career in the major leagues due to his valuable defensive abilities. He holds the distinction of being the first player acquired by the expansion Toronto Blue Jays.
Early years.
Roof was born in Paducah, Kentucky, and is the cousin of Eddie Haas. The Milwaukee Braves acquired Haas in a trade with the Chicago Cubs before the 1958 season. A year later, Roof signed with the Braves as an amateur free agent upon graduation from St. Mary High School. His brother, Paul Roof, also signed with the Braves out of high school the following year.
After two minor league seasons in which he batted .236 with eleven home runs, Roof debuted with the Braves at just nineteen years of age as a September call-up in 1960, but did not appear in a game. The following season, he made his major league debut on April 29, catching the ninth inning of a 7-3 loss to Juan Marichal and the San Francisco Giants. He saw action immediately, as the Giants half of the ninth ended with Roof tagging out Jim Davenport on a play at the plate. However, he did not get the opportunity to bat, and was left standing in the on-deck circle when the game ended. After appearing in just the one game, he was optioned to the Yakima Braves of the Northwest League on the cutdown date. Roof again appeared in a single game for the Braves in 1964, this time starting the game behind the plate and making two plate appearances. Roof finished the season with the Denver Bears, and was traded to the Los Angeles Angels with Ron Piché for a player to be named later at the end of the season. Though he appeared in just two games with the Braves, he provided his original franchise with a memorable moment off the field when he and future Baseball Hall of Fame member Warren Spahn were arrested at a Houston night club a week into the season.
Roof appeared in nine games for the Angels in 1965 before he was shipped to the Cleveland Indians at the trade deadline for a player to be named later and cash. He finished the season with the Indians, batting .162 with three runs batted in between his two clubs. At the Winter meetings, he and Joe Rudi were traded to the Kansas City Athletics for Jim Landis and Jim Rittwage.
Kansas City/Oakland Athletics.
Roof got off to a fast start with his new franchise, and soon won the starting catching job over incumbent Billy Bryan. His first major league home run was an extra innings game winner against the Washington Senators on May 23, 1966. A week later, he broke up a Denny McLain no-hitter with a two-run double. For the season, he posted career-highs in games played (127), hits (77), doubles (14) and RBIs (44).
Roof remained the Athletics' starting catcher until a torn muscle in his left shoulder early in the 1968 season limited him to just 34 games the Athletics' first season in their new home, Oakland, California. He returned to starting duties in 1969, but was traded to the Seattle Pilots in January in a package for All-Star first baseman Don Mincher.
Milwaukee Brewers/Minnesota Twins.
The Pilots moved to Milwaukee during spring training, 1970, and were renamed the Milwaukee Brewers. The Brewers narrowly avoided 100 losses in 1970 despite the fact that Roof hit a career-high thirteen home runs. He suffered a concussion early in the 1971 season after getting hit on the helmet by a pitch thrown by Minnesota Twins pitcher Bert Blyleven. Ironically, Roof was dealt to the Twins for fellow catcher Paul Ratliff three months later, and caught Blyleven in his second game with the Twins.
Roof spent most of his five seasons in Minnesota as the back up to Glenn Borgmann. He had his only career multi-home run game on May 30, 1972 against the Kansas City Royals, and had arguably his best season in a back up role in 1975, when he batted .302 with seven home runs and 21 RBIs in 63 games.
Chicago White Sox/Toronto Blue Jays.
When top prospect catcher Butch Wynegar joined the Twins for the 1976 season, Roof became the odd man out, and was eventually placed on waivers and selected by the Chicago White Sox.
Roof actually became the very first player acquired by the Toronto Blue Jays when they acquired him for a player to be named later two weeks before the 1976 Major League Baseball expansion draft. (The player the Jays eventually named was pitcher Larry Anderson). Roof only played in 3 games for the Jays, playing in his final major league game on May 30, 1977 at the age of 36.
Career statistics.
In a fifteen-year major league career, Roof played in 857 games, accumulating 463 hits in 2,151 at bats for a .215 career batting average along with 43 home runs, 210 runs batted in and an on-base percentage of .283. He ended his career with a .986 fielding percentage. Roof was a good defensive player with a strong throwing arm, finishing second among American League catchers in caught stealing percentage in with a 48.8% success rate.
Coaching and managing career.
Roof also served as bullpen coach for the San Diego Padres (1978), Seattle Mariners (1983–88) and Chicago Cubs (1990–91). He managed for 16 years in the Twins organization and won his 1000th game as a manager in before his retirement in .
Roof served as bullpen coach for the Minnesota Twins during spring training and the first month of the 2011 season while Rick Stelmaszek was recovering from eye surgery.
Personal life.
Roof is widowed, and married his second wife, Linda, in 2007. They have seven children and seventeen grandchildren between them. His brother, Gene, played in the majors from through . His brothers Adrian, Paul and David all played minor league ball. Gene's sons Shawn and Eric are infielders in the Detroit Tigers organization, and Gene's son, Jonathan, is a Texas Rangers farmhand. Roof's cousin, Eddie Haas, is a former Major League player, coach, scout and manager; another cousin, Louis Haas, played minor league baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="9875500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875500" title="International Computer Music Association">
International Computer Music Association

The International Computer Music Association (ICMA) is an international affiliation of individuals and institutions involved in the technical, creative, and performance aspects of computer music. It serves composers, engineers, researchers and musicians who are interested in the integration of music and technology. Areas of interest include artificial intelligence, music informatics, synthesis, analysis, digital signal processing, intermedia, multimedia, composition, human-computer interaction, representation, acoustics, aesthetics, education, and history.
Each year the ICMA organises the International Computer Music Conference for computer music researchers and composers. The peer-reviewed conference includes concert performances, paper presentations, panel discussions, sound installations, poster presentations, and various other formats for presentation of research and creative activity. Each year or every other year their online journal ARRAY is published for its members, containing reviews, interviews and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="9875505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875505" title="Sally-Anne Stapleford">
Sally-Anne Stapleford

Sally-Anne Martine Stapleford OBE (born 7 July 1945 in Worthing, England, Great Britain) is a British former figure skater and a figure skating administrator, referee and judge. She is the 1965 European silver medalist. She represented Great Britain at the 1964 Winter Olympics and at the 1968 Winter Olympics, placed 11th both times.
Biography.
Personal life.
Her father was the ice hockey player Harvey Stapleford. Her mother was the daughter of the comedian Charlie Naughton.
Competitive career.
Sally-Anne Stapleford is a five-time British champion in figure skating in the ladies event and won the silver medal at the 1965 European Figure Skating Championships.
Post-Competitive Career.
After her figure skating career, in 1972 she was appointed a referee at International Skating Union (ISU) events for single and pair skating. Between 1988 and 2002 she was a member of the ISU figure skating technical committee, including serving as chair of this committee from 1992 to 2002. Since 1995, she has also been the president of the National Ice Skating Association of the United Kingdom (NISA), the British figure skating federation.
Stapleford was the whistleblower of the 2002 Olympic Winter Games figure skating scandal, the person to whom Marie-Reine Le Gougne ("the French judge") confessed following the event to having been involved in a political deal in the pairs competition. Stapleford lost her ISU technical committee position in the political fallout later that year. Subsequently, Stapleford became one of the founders of the World Skating Federation (WSF), and spoke at their press conference on 23 March 2003. The WSF ultimately failed to supplant the ISU, and as a result of her involvement with the attempt, Stapleford lost her ISU eligibility on 1 February 2005. Stapleford has continued to be a vocal critic of the ISU Judging System and the ISU's post-2002 policy of not identifying marks by judge, which she has alleged could simply hide further instances of judging corruption or incompetence.

</doc>
<doc id="9875513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875513" title="5-Sulfosalicylic acid">
5-Sulfosalicylic acid

Sulfosalicylic acid is used in urine tests to determine urine protein content. The chemical causes the precipitation of dissolved proteins, which is measured from the degree of turbidity.
It is also used for integral colour anodizing.
With water it is used as a shuttle solution for the CAS assay to test for siderophore.

</doc>
<doc id="9875521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875521" title="Khitrovo Gospels">
Khitrovo Gospels

The Khitrovo Gospels is a Russian illuminated Gospel Book from the late 14th or early 15th century. The book has numerous similarities to the Koshka Gospels, Kiev Psalter of 1397, and other East Slavic manuscripts of the 1390s.
It contains eight full page miniatures; four Evangelist portraits and four pictures of their symbols (the eagle, angel, lion, and bull), the latter the earliest known Russian full-page examples. The angel is attributed to Andrei Rublev, and is the only illumination usually attributed to him, although some art historians incline to attribute at least all the full-pages miniatures to him. All the initials are painted in colour and gold, and many pages are richly ornamented. The style is elegant with light colours and expressive faces.
The gospel takes its name from Bogdan Khitrovo, a powerful boyar who obtained the manuscript from Tsar Fyodor III. Khitrovo bequeathed the gospel to the Trinity Monastery near Moscow, where Andrey Rublev used to be a monk. After the nationalisation of the monastic library the Khitrovo Gospel was incorporated in the holdings of the Russian State Library in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="9875538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875538" title="Oblong Friends Meeting House">
Oblong Friends Meeting House

The Oblong Friends Meeting House is a late 18th-century Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends in the hamlet of Quaker Hill, in the town of Pawling, Dutchess County, New York, USA listed in the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.
Members of the Religious Society of Friends settled on Quaker Hill in the 1730s and sought permission to establish a meeting and build a meeting house in 1740. The first meeting house was constructed across from the present building in 1742, but as membership grew, this building became too small and in 1763, the Yearly Meeting decided to erect "a framed house of timber, the dimensions to be long, wide and stud to admit of galleries." This new house was built in 1764 and is the structure that has remained on the site since.
In 1767, the question was raised in the meeting house whether it was "consistent with the Christian spirit to hold a person in
slavery". After years of discussion, the question was answered in 1776 by the resolution that meetings were not to accept financial contributions or services from members owning slaves.
During the American Revolutionary War a portion of the Continental Army camped in the nearby hills, both during the fall
of 1778 and the winter of 1779. The meeting house was commandeered by General Washington's officers to be used as a military hospital.
In 1828, the New York Meeting of the Society of Friends split into the Orthodox and Hicksite Societies of Friends. From then on, the
Hicksites used the Meeting House, whereas the Orthodox Society, which had less members, built their own meeting house in 1831, just to the northwest. The latter building was later converted into a private residence.
Membership in the area's Society of Friends declined in the course of the 19th century and the meetings were "laid down" in 1885. The property was acquired by the Historical Society of Quaker Hill and Pawling in 1936 which has preserved the building since then.
Location.
The Meeting House is located on the north side of Meeting House Road, about 100 meters from where it branches off from Quaker Hill Road, in the Hamlet of Quaker Hill, Town of Pawling, NY 12564.

</doc>
<doc id="9875549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875549" title="Finley Air Force Station">
Finley Air Force Station

Finley Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station. It is located west-northwest of Finley, North Dakota. It was closed in 1979 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). 
Today the site is part of the Joint Surveillance System (JSS), designated by NORAD as Western Air Defense Sector (WADS) Ground Equipment Facility.
History.
Finley Air Force Station was part of the last batch of twenty-three radar stations constructed as part of the Air Defense Command permanent network. It was activated in April 1951, and declared completely operational in late 1952, and initially the station functioned as a Ground control intercept (GCI) and warning station. As a GCI station, the squadron's role was to guide interceptor aircraft toward unidentified intruders picked up on the unit's radar scopes.
The 785th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron began operations with an AN/FPS-3 search radar and AN/FPS-4 from the site in April 1952. In 1957 an AN/FPS-6 replaced the AN/FPS-4 height-finder radar, and an AN/FPS-8 search radar saw brief service. At the end of 1958 this site was operating an AN/FPS-20 radar. A second height-finder (AN/FPS-6B?) was added during 1959. 
At the end of 1959 Finley AFS joined the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system, initially feeding data to DC-20 at Malmstrom AFB, Montana. After joining, the squadron was redesignated as the 785th Radar Squadron (SAGE) on 15 January 1960. SAGE data was switched to DC-10 at Duluth AFS, Minnesota in 1963. The radar squadron provided information 24/7 the SAGE Direction Center where it was analyzed to determine range, direction altitude speed and whether or not aircraft were friendly or hostile.
In 1962 Finley operated an AN/FPS-35 search radar plus AN/FPS-6 and AN/FPS-90 height-finder radars. The AN/FPS-6 was removed in 1969. Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars.
In addition to the main facility, Finley operated four unmanned AN/FPS-14 (P-29A/B) and AN/FPS-18 (P-29C/D) Gap Filler sites:
The Ground to Air Transmitter-Receiver (GATR) facility was located off-station at , roughly one mile northwest of the main station.
Over the years, the equipment at the station was upgraded or modified to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the information gathered by the radars. The site was transferred to the Tactical Air Command in October 1979 with the inactivation of Aerospace Defense Command, being assigned to ADTAC. The 785th Radar Squadron (SAGE) was inactivated, and radar operations at Finley AFS (Z-29) ceased, on 30 December 1979 when a new Joint Surveillance System (JSS) was activated at the former GATR site about a mile to the northwest. 
The new Finley JSS site (Z-303/J-75) began operations with an FAA ARSR-3 search radar and an Air Force AN/FPS-116 height-finder radar (removed c. 1988). That site now operates an ARSR-4. The main station equipment, buildings, fixtures, furnishings, and land was auctioned off in public auction on 9 July 2000. It is now being demolished.
Air Force units and assignments.
Assignments.
Commanders

</doc>
<doc id="9875579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875579" title="Deedlit">
Deedlit

Deedlit is a fictional character in the "Record of Lodoss War" fantasy role-playing game setting, light novels and its derivative anime franchise. A female high elf and shaman (spirit magic-user class in "Sword World RPG" and "Record of Lodoss War Companion"), she is the romantic interest and inseparable companion of Parn. Deedlit is a major character in the "Record of Lodoss War" light novels, and is a considerable icon of an elf in anime.
Deedlit plays almost as much a major role in the "Record of Lodoss War" OVA, and plays a major role in the beginning episodes of "Chronicles of the Heroic Knight," but plays only a lesser role in the later episodes, as the story begins to center around a young knight named Spark. In the third series, "Legend of Crysania", she plays no role whatsoever.
Being a shaman, Deedlit relies almost exclusively on elementals and spirits around her to use her magic. For air effects, such as flight, and/or lighting an area she uses Sylph. For water effects, usually for attacking enemies and blocking some attacks, she uses Undine. She does not seem to use fire and earth elementals.
Origins.
Deedlit originated as a role-playing game character of the same name, played by the Japanese science fiction novelist Hiroshi Yamamoto in the Forcelia campaign. Her character was further developed for the anime, particularly her relationship with Parn - in the D&D game sessions. Deedlit was more interested in Parn's magic sword than in Parn himself, she used this opportunity to embezzle his sword when Parn died. This is a famous and amusing episode for Japanese RPG fans. Deedlit and Parn's relationship was romanticized in the light novels and anime series.
Anime-based character history.
Deedlit is a high elf who comes from the Forest of No Return, her peoples' homeland, where they reside in solitude. This solitude comes in part because typically a meeting between a high elf and another of the races results in conflict, due to the high elves having a tendency to treat the member of the other races as children. This stems from the fact that high elves are considered immortal whereas comparatively short life spans are enjoyed by other races, meaning even dark elves and mirror elves who are known to live only to be 1,000).
Deedlit is a special figure among her race because she is the last high elf to have been born within the last 1,000 years, being just about 160 years old. She is considered, as a result of her rare status, to be the last hope for the high elven people to prosper and flourish once more. She received the best education from her mentors in her homeland, including how to wield a blade, as well as how to cast shaman magic to harness the power of spirits.
Deedlit was restless in her homeland, and decided that staying there was simply a very slow path to extinction. Because of that, she left the forest, seeking out the "Tree of Truth", a means to find out how to help her people to become something more than what they are in their reserved state. She believes she has found it in the form of Parn.
Role in "Record of Lodoss War".
Deedlit plays a major role in "Record of Lodoss War". She is the one who tells Parn and Etoh to return to their village to go and do battle with the goblin clan, which results in Parn's secret exile from the village, but starts him on his journey. Deedlit does not actually meet Parn until the second episode, where she scolds him for even considering practicing his swordsmanship on a tree, before she shows him the spirits within all things.
Due to Deedlit's mutually returned infatuation and romantically inclined relationship with Parn, the two become close very quickly. She does tend to get jealous of Shiris, who makes passes at Parn, something that he does not notice. She is relieved when Parn makes his love for her publicly apparent on several occasions, which shames and publicly embarrasses Shiris, resulting in her taking it out on Orson.
Though typically saving Parn himself early on in the series, things take a turn when the dark wizard Wagnard finds out that in order to resurrect Kardis, the goddess of destruction, he will need both the Scepter of Domination and the essence of a high elf, due to their immortality. His choice of which high elf to use as a sacrifice falls upon Deedlit, as she is the only high elf who is not within the Forest of No Return.
In the end, Deedlit is saved by Parn and in a dramatic closing, the two of them leave the holy city of Valis for destinations unknown, though it is possible their journey is to go in search of Woodchuck, who was possessed by Karla the Grey Witch.
Role in "Chronicles of the Heroic Knight".
At the beginning of this series, Deedlit saves the life of Slayn's disciple Cecil, as well as a village guard. She also manages to get Orson out of berserker mode. She is instrumental in the defeat of the red dragon Shooting Star, and saves the life of the companions on several occasions. She is also present when Ashram and Pirotess declare that they are leaving for a new land to find peace (Crystania), but her role is minimal at this point.
Voices.
In "Record of Lodoss War", Deedlit is voiced in Japanese by Yumi Tōma, and in English by Lisa Ortiz (her first work). In "Chronicles of the Heroic Knight", Deedlit was voiced in Japanese by the late Shiho Niiyama until episode 19 (her final work), and Junko Noda from episodes 20 until the end. Ortiz reprises her English performance for most of the series with the exception of episodes 19-21 when, due to illness, she was substituted by A.J. Parks.

</doc>
<doc id="9875581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875581" title="Saskia De Coster">
Saskia De Coster

Saskia de Coster (born 1976) is a Belgian writer. Her work has been published in literary magazines and she also writes screenplays and novels. De Coster has also been cited as an up-and-coming author.
Saskia de Coster has published six books as of 19 April 2013
Bibliography.
Saskia de Coster was born in 1976. She began writing when she was just two years old.
When she was eleven, she won a national story contest and was awarded the title of "Junior Journalist."
Saskia de Coster studied Germanic languages at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, between 1994 and 1998. In 1998, she received a Master's Degree in literary studies at the same university 
Work.
De Coster made her debut in 2000, with her first book, called "Under Each Other", a collection of dark tales about the disintegration of an unusual family. "Under Each Other" appeared in the "Nieuw Wereldtijdschrift (NWT)".
In 2002, at the age of 26, Saskia de Coster published her debut novel, "Vrije Val" (Free Fall). Besides novels, de Coster also writes columns (among other things for the Flemish newspaper De Morgen). She is on the editorial staff of "Dietsche Warande en Belfort", a literary magazine. In late 2009, she replaced Aaf Brandt Corstius as a daily columnist for nrc.next newspaper.
De Coster is also a visual artist. She works with video art, writes for theatre and writes lyrics for musicians such as Daan Stuyven and Dez Mona. Saskia de Coster regularly collaborates with visual artists such as video artist Nicolas Rombouts and artist Arne Quinze. Arne Quinze invited the author Saskia De Coster to capture the alienation which his monumental work Rock Strangers (Oostende) exude as well as the intimacy of My Secret Garden (Kunsthal Rotterdam) in contemporary stories and distinctive film footage.
Controversy.
On 20 September 2008, Saskia de Coster wrote a letter to a national newspaper, De Standaard, posing as the former chairman of the Boerenbond, a farmer organization. In this letter, she denounces the values and the interests of the organization. An investigation revealed that the mail was sent from the offices of the local Green party.

</doc>
<doc id="9875588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875588" title="Supply-Chain Council">
Supply-Chain Council

Supply-Chain Council (SCC) is an independent non-profit organization. As the cross-industry standard for supply chain management, SCC has developed and endorsed the Supply-Chain Operations Reference (SCOR)-model, a process reference model for supply chain management.
The SCC was organized in 1996 by Pittiglio Rabin Todd & McGrath (PRTM) and AMR Research, and initially included 69 voluntary member companies. SCC now has closer to 1,000 corporate members world-wide and has established international chapters in North America, Europe, Greater China, Japan, Australia/New Zealand, South East Asia, Brazil and Southern Africa. Development of additional chapters in India and South America are underway. SCC membership consists primarily practitioners representing a broad cross section of industries, including manufacturers, services, distributors, and retailers.
In April 2014, it was announced that the Supply-Chain Council would merge with APICS. 

</doc>
<doc id="9875594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875594" title="Australia World Cup">
Australia World Cup

The Australia World Cup was a women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Australia from 1998 to 2008 as part of the UCI Women's Road World Cup. The location of the race varied: in 1998, it was held in Sydney; from 1999 to 2001, it was held in Canberra; in 2002 it was held in the Snowy Mountains and; from 2003 to 2008 it was held in Geelong, Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="9875597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875597" title="Nan Kelley">
Nan Kelley

Nan Kelley (born Nan Sumrall, born c. 1965) is a former Miss Mississippi (1985) who later became a host and correspondent for the Great American Country (GAC) cable television network.
Early life and career.
A native of Hattiesburg, Mississippi, Kelley initially finished first runner-up in the 1985 Miss Mississippi pageant to Susan Akin, but became Miss Mississippi when Akin was named Miss America that year. Following her service, she received her degree from college in Communications, and then worked as an entertainer for the United States Department of Defense. While at the Defense Department, Kelley entertained troops in the Middle East, Europe, Alaska, and the Caribbean.
Move to Nashville.
Kelley moved to Nashville, Tennessee where she performed at Opryland. Later, she worked for record producer Blake Mevis, the first producer for 2006 Country Music Hall of Fame inductee George Strait. After spending time in the recording studio and on stage, Kelley moved to broadcasting working for Dick Clark Productions as a producer for "Prime Time Country" on The Nashville Network (Spike TV since August 2003.) Later Kelley worked as a host for the Shop At Home Network before joining GAC as host of "Grand Ole Opry Live" on October 4, 2003.
Work at GAC.
In addition to hosting "Grand Ole Opry Live", Kelley also hosts GAC's "Top 20 Country Countdown" which deals with the top twenty videos in country music on the network for a particular week that is voted on by GAC viewers (A similar program like this is on VH1 titled the "VSpot Top 20 Countdown".). She also hosts a show called "My Music Mix" where they interview an artist's favorite music video, both of their own and others. When Hurricane Katrina hit Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi on August 29, 2005, Kelley hosted a benefit concert that was simulcast on two other E.W. Scripps' television networks (DIY Network and Fine Living) titled "Country Reaches Out: An Opry and GAC Benefit for the American Red Cross".
Personal life.
Kelley is married to Grammy-nominated record producer Charlie Kelley and lives in Nashville. The couple owns two dogs.
Cancer Diagnosis.
Nan Kelley revealed in May 2008 on GAC's "Top 20 Country Countdown" that she has cancer. At the end of the show she made the following announcement:
"Now before we leave you today, I wanted to take a personal moment and share something with you that's happening in my life, because you are part of it here each week on GAC. Over the next few months I'll be receiving treatments for Hodgkins Lymphoma. My prognosis is very good and I should be just fine on the other side. But I may not be here some days and if I am here I may not be my super perky self and definitely my hair style will change. If you happen to be going through this at this time in your life, or maybe you have a friend or family member going through it right now, I wanted to share this with you in hopes that we can help each other. Thanks for listening and as always, we thank you for watching. We can’t do this without you and I mean it. I'll see you real soon."
From May 2008 to August 2008, Nan was absent from the GAC "Top 20 Country Countdown" for most of the episodes, making a complete return to the show in September 2008. Nan has been wearing a wig on the show. On November 21, 2008, Nan announced on GAC's "Top 20 Country Countdown" that she has made a complete recovery from her cancer. In January 2009, she premiered her new hairstyle without the wig.

</doc>
<doc id="9875604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875604" title="List of marches">
List of marches

This is a list of European medieval marches.
Northeastern marches.
At the beginning of his rule as king of Germany, Otto I tried to reorganize his realm to prepare an expansion to the East. At the beginning of the year 937, he created two marches: the March of the Billungen, given to Hermann Billung, later Duke of Saxony; and the Eastern march, given to Gero. In 961, when Billung became Duke of Saxony, his March was merged with the duchy. In the case of Gero, Otto I, now emperor, decided the division of his territories, greatly expanded since 937.
Northwestern marches.
In 861, Charles the Bald, king of France, created two marches to protect his realm from warriors coming from Brittany and Normandy. Both were named March of Neustria, but will be known as March of Brittany and March of Normandy. In 863, the king created the March of Flanders.
Three marches belonging to the Holy Roman Empire were created in the Low Countries:

</doc>
<doc id="9875606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875606" title="Nagoya Line">
Nagoya Line

Nagoya Line may refer to either of the following railway lines in Japan:

</doc>
<doc id="9875612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875612" title="Western Collegiate Hockey Association women's champions">
Western Collegiate Hockey Association women's champions

The women's division of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association is a college athletic conference which operates in the Midwestern United States. It participates in the NCAA's Division I. Each team plays 28 league games, each team playing four games against every other, two home games and two road games.
The women's WCHA tournament seeds all 8 teams, and conducts a standard 8-team tournament at a single site over 4 days. The winner receives the league's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. WCHA teams won the first 13 NCAA Tournament championships since its inception in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9875633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875633" title="East Bend, Kentucky">
East Bend, Kentucky

East Bend is a region of Boone County, Kentucky, about 20 miles southwest of Cincinnati, Ohio. The region is well named; there the Ohio River makes an almost right angle turn, and flows east for ten miles or more. On the Kentucky side of the river, the land is mostly bottom land and good farm land. Points on interest are the river towns of Belleville, Mcville, Rabbit Hash, Piatt's Landing and Hamilton. There is a salt spring at Big Bone Lick where mastodon and buffalo bones have been found.
On the Indiana side, the southern edge of the Bedford Limestone forms high rocky hills. Indiana towns are Rising Sun and North Landing.
Early settler families were Paitt, McCoy, Canby, Pepper, Stephens, Ryle, Wilson, Kintey, Craig, Lodge, Goss and Gregory.

</doc>
<doc id="9875635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875635" title="It Takes Two (Rob Base &amp; DJ E-Z Rock song)">
It Takes Two (Rob Base &amp; DJ E-Z Rock song)

"It Takes Two" is a song by New York hip-hop artists Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock that became a top 40 hit single was later certified platinum by the RIAA. Over the years the song has been covered and sampled by various recording artists. As stated by music critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine of the All Music Guide, "There are many critics and listeners who claim that Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock's "It Takes Two" is the greatest hip-hop single ever cut. It's hard to disagree with them."
Composition and background.
The song samples heavily from Lyn Collins' 1972 song "Think (About It)", using multiple drum breaks, the well known "Yeah! Woo!" sample, as well as the lyric sung by Collins which gives "It Takes Two" its title. The famous introduction of the song is spoken over a sample of "Space Dust" by The Galactic Force Band (1978).
The music video "It Takes Two" was edited by Peter Lauer and Pam Thomas, who worked in MTV’s promotions department alongside Peter Dougherty, Ted Demme and Mark Pellington.
The music video was filmed in 16mm by Steven Gladstone and Ilona Lieberman.
The first scene, where the DJ and little boy are talking, was shot in a record store in Harlem.
The majority of the music video was filmed on a variety of 16mm Fuji Film stocks, using two standard 16 Bolex cameras and a single constant speed electric motor that was shared between the two cameras. The interior dance sequences were not part of the original production. The entire film "budget" was four 100 foot rolls of 16mm film, which did not result in there being enough coverage, which explains the use of the xerography, and the insertion of the shots from the dance hall that do not match the video. The shot of a lone figure in a graveyard introducing the song, was actually shot in a graveyard. There was no lighting budget, so the D.P.'s Volkswagen Bus, which had suffered a collision during travel to the shoot location, was driven to the gate of the cemetery, and the vehicle's headlights were used to illuminate the shot. The Artist is reported to have paid the "producer" $5,000 for the video, the production crew remains unpaid to this day, and it is unclear how much if any of the $5,000, the "producer" actually spent on making the video.

</doc>
<doc id="9875658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875658" title="Channel surface">
Channel surface

A channel or canal surface is a surface formed as the envelope of a family of spheres whose centers lie on a space curve. One sheet of the focal surface of a channel surface will be the generating curve.
If the sphere centers lie on a straight line, the channel surface is a surface of revolution. Dupin cyclides form a special class of surfaces which are channel surfaces in two distinct ways: for cyclides both sheets of the focal surface are curves; in fact they are both conic sections.

</doc>
<doc id="9875662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875662" title="New York State Route 399 (disambiguation)">
New York State Route 399 (disambiguation)

New York State Route 399 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9875664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875664" title="David Pook">
David Pook

David Charles Pook (born 16 January 1955) is an English former professional footballer. He was manager of Western League club Torrington until June 2007.
Pook was born in Plymouth and began his career as an apprentice with Bristol City. He moved to Torquay United during his apprenticeship and made his league debut while still an apprentice, as a substitute in the 1-1 draw at home to Bolton Wanderers on the final day of the 1971-72 season which by that time had already seen Torquay relegated to the Fourth Division. 
Pook played a number of times for Torquay before turning professional in January 1973, but left at the end of the season to join Plymouth Argyle. However, he left Argyle after just three months due to a serious injury.
After six months out of the game, Pook moved to France to play for Morlaix where he spent two years before returning to England.
Pook subsequently played and coached at non-league level in Devon and Cornwall, including spells with St Blazey, Launceston, Ottery St Mary and Buckfastleigh Rangers.
He later became youth coach at Torquay United and was subsequently in the same role at Plymouth Argyle.
In March 2007, Pook was named as Robbie Herrera's replacement as manager of Torrington. He successfully guided Torrington to safety from relegation, but resigned in June 2007.
Pook now manages Plymouth Sunday football team Mainstone SSC FC.

</doc>
<doc id="9875667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875667" title="South-East-Central Railway Sports Club">
South-East-Central Railway Sports Club

South East Central Railway SC is an Indian institutional football club based in Mumbai, Maharashtra. 
Overview.
South East Central Railway is the merger of three Indian football clubs – South Railway SC, Eastern Railway SC and Central Railway SC. They play their home matches on The Cooperage Ground in Mumbai. They are currently playing in the NFL 2nd Division and are one of the most popular Maharashtrian clubs in India.
Fans refer to them as the Railmen in English. They have recently improved a lot in their game under their current coach Santanu Ghosh. They have four Inter-Railway Trophies under their belt and added one memorable Khalifa Ziauddin Maharashtra State Club Championship in 2001. SEC Railway is voted as one of the prime contenders for the National Football League(India) 2nd Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9875692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875692" title="Stochastic frontier analysis">
Stochastic frontier analysis

Stochastic frontier analysis (SFA) is a method of economic modeling. It has its starting point in the stochastic production frontier models simultaneously introduced by Aigner, Lovell and Schmidt (1977) and Meeusen and Van den Broeck (1977).
The "production frontier model" without random component can be written as:
formula_1
where "yi" is the observed scalar output of the producer "i", "i=1..I, xi" is a vector of "N" inputs used by the producer "i", "f(xi, β)" is the production frontier, and formula_2 is a vector of technology parameters to be estimated.
"TEi" denotes the technical efficiency defined as the ratio of observed output to maximum feasible output.
"TEi = 1" shows that the "i-th" firm obtains the maximum feasible output, while "TEi < 1" provides a measure of the shortfall of the observed output from maximum feasible output.
A stochastic component that describes random shocks affecting the production process is added. These shocks are not directly attributable to the producer or the underlying technology. These shocks may come from weather changes, economic adversities or plain luck. We denote these effects with formula_3. Each producer is facing a different shock, but we assume the shocks are random and they are described by a common distribution.
The stochastic production frontier will become:
formula_4
We assume that "TEi" is also a stochastic variable, with a specific distribution function, common to all producers.
We can also write it as an exponential formula_5, where "ui ≥ 0", since we required "TEi ≤ 1". Thus, we obtain the following equation:
formula_6
Now, if we also assume that "f(xi, β)" takes the log-linear Cobb-Douglas form, the model can be written as:
formula_7
where "vi" is the “noise” component, which we will almost always consider as a two-sided normally distributed variable, and "ui" is the non-negative technical inefficiency component. Together they constitute a compound error term, with a specific distribution to be determined, hence the name of “composed error model” as is often referred. 
Stochastic Frontier Analysis has examined also "cost" and "profit" efficiency (see Kumbhakar & Lovel 2003). The "Cost frontier" approach attempts to measure how far from full-cost minimization (i.e. cost-efficiency) is the firm. Modeling-wise, the non-negative cost-inefficiency component is added rather than subtracted in the stochastic specification. "Profit frontier analysis" examines the case where producers are treated as profit-maximizers (both output and inputs should be decided by the firm) and not as cost-minimizers, (where level of output is considered as exogenously given). The specification here is similar with the "production frontier" one.
Extensions: The two-tier stochastic frontier model.
Polacheck & Yoon (1987) have introduced a three-component error structure, where one non-negative error term is added to, while the other is subtracted from, the zero-mean symmetric random disturbance. This modeling approach attempts to measure the impact of informational inefficiencies (incomplete and imperfect information) on the prices of realized transactions, inefficiencies that in most cases characterize both parties in a transaction (hence the two inefficiency components, to disentangle the two effects).

</doc>
<doc id="9875705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875705" title="Gospel Book (National Library of Greece, Codex 2603)">
Gospel Book (National Library of Greece, Codex 2603)

Codex 2603, the Four Gospels, is a historic codex held by the National Library of Greece. The book is attributed to scribe Matthew of the Hodegon Monastery, the so-called "thutorakendutès". 
The codex shows two full-page miniatures of the Evangelists Mark and John, three headpieces and decorated initial letters. Mark the Evangelist seats in front of two tall buildings adorned with Hellenistic motifs. He appears to be is sharpening a reed. John the Evangelist is dictating the Gospel to his student Prochoros who seats opposite of evangelist John. 
It includes Greek inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="9875706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875706" title="Hu Gabrielse">
Hu Gabrielse

Hubert “Hu” Gabrielse is a Canadian geologist. He devoted much of his 50+ years in geosciences to regional geological mapping in the northern Cordillera of British Columbia, southeast Yukon Territory and southwest District of Mackenzie. His work has led to syntheses of the geological evolution of the northern Cordillera.
Gabrielse published several papers with Stewart Blusson in the late 1960s.
He was a contributor to Lithoprobe.
One of the volcanoes found in the Tuya Volcanic Field is named after him, Gabrielse Cone.

</doc>
<doc id="9875729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875729" title="Two on the Aisle">
Two on the Aisle

Two on the Aisle is a musical revue with a book and lyrics by Betty Comden and Adolph Green and music by Jule Styne.
The project marked Comden and Green's return to Broadway following their successful reign at MGM (where they penned the classic "Singin' in the Rain" and "The Band Wagon", among others) and their first teaming with composer Styne. An evening of comedy routines and splashy musical numbers with Las Vegas-type showgirls, it was developed specifically to showcase the talents of Bert Lahr.
After one preview, the show, directed by Abe Burrows, and choreographed by Ron Fletcher, opened on July 19, 1951 at the Mark Hellinger Theatre, where it ran for 276 performances. In addition to Lahr, the cast included Dolores Gray and Stanley Prager. Lahr and Gray disliked each other, with the trouble starting in New Haven. The lead spot (number 3 in the show) for the first star was given to Lahr, but Gray argued that she should have it; the director Burrows settled the matter by threatening to quit. The show became notorious for their efforts to upstage each other. 
An original cast album was released by Decca Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9875742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875742" title="Aczo District">
Aczo District

Aczo District is one of six districts of the province Antonio Raymondi in Peru.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (73.18%) learnt to speak in childhood, 25.55% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9875747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875747" title="Wu-tang (dance)">
Wu-tang (dance)

Wu-tang is a dance out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, popularized in the area of North Philadelphia before spreading throughout the city and the surrounding region. The dance is normally performed to Baltimore club music. The dance involves a jerking of the arms in an up-and-down/side-to-side motion. The movement of the arms sometimes resembles flexing. Each individual person adds their own spin to the dance, be it fancy footwork or the mimicking of gunshots. A similar Philly dance is the "D-Mack" or "D-Mac," in which a dancer moves his arms or legs on one side of his body (often in a similar motion as the Wu-tang), and then imitates the same moves on the other side of his body. The Wu-tang dance has become very popular around the Philadelphia-New Jersey-Baltimore region, and it has been compared with the Harlem Shake of Harlem, the Bay Area's hyphy dances, Atlanta's crunk dances, Baltimore's "Rockin' Off" dance, Miami's "stickin' n rollin'", and Compton's "Krumping" or "crip-walking." South Miami also has their own version of the Philadelphia Wu Tang dance, but it consists of more rapid movements of the arm and vigorous swinging of arms in a forward motion and has more use of the legs.
The dance bears no relation to the rap-group "Wu-Tang Clan" nor does it to the genre of martial arts movies of the same name. 
Ciara can be seen doing part of the dance in her music videos for songs "Work" and "Gimmie That Bass".

</doc>
<doc id="9875748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875748" title="Anson Phelps Stokes">
Anson Phelps Stokes

Anson Phelps Stokes (February 22, 1838 – June 28, 1913) was an American merchant, banker, publicist, philanthropist, and became a multimillionaire. Born in New York City, he was the son of James Boulter and Caroline (Phelps) Stokes; brother of William Earl Dodge Stokes and Olivia Eggleston Phelps Stokes. One of his grandfathers was London merchant Thomas Stokes, one of the 13 founders of the London Missionary Society, and Anson Stokes later actively supported the American Bible Society, the American Tract Society and the American Peace Society. His other grandfather, Anson Greene Phelps, was a New York merchant, born in Connecticut and descended from an old Massachusetts family.
Career.
As a boy he started his career working in the family business, Phelps, Dodge & Company, a mercantile establishment founded by his grandfather Phelps and his uncle, William Earle Dodge, in the 1830s. The company began importing and trading in metal and eventually became a mining business. 
In 1861, he became a partner and also a member of the firm of Phelps, James & Company in Liverpool. In 1879, he organized Phelps, Stokes & Company, a bank.
Phelps became involved in the mining interests of Phelps Dodge Corporation in the American West. In 1874 the Nevada legislature, after a bitter debate, approved a bond project to extend a railroad line to Austin, Nevada (the state senator sponsoring the bill was secretary for a mining company that needed the rail line). The legislature authorized Lander County to grant a $200,000 bond for the project, but the authorization would expire after five years. It was not until after Stokes came to Austin that the project got started 4½ years later. Stokes brought in General James H. Ledlie, a former Union officer in the Civil War, to direct the project, and crews went to work desperately, only to bring the line within of the Austin town limits with less than a day left before the deadline. An emergency meeting of the Austin Town Board extended the town limits by , allowing the last rails to be laid just minutes before the deadline. The line from Battle Mountain to Austin became the Nevada Central Railroad.
On Feb 25th, 1880 Phelps was appointed a Director of the Nevada Central Railroad.
In 1897, when Stokes still had a financial interest in several of the local mines, he built "Stokes Castle", a three-story stone tower just outside of Austin. The building was only occupied for a month, then fell into disrepair.
Family.
Stokes married Helen Louisa, daughter of Isaac Newton Phelps, on October 17, 1865. In 1893, he built Shadowbrook, a 100 room Berkshire Cottage at Lenox, Massachusetts. Shadowbrook was so large that a family anecdote tells of Anson Phelps Stokes Jr. being told by his mother while playing outside one day that because there was a storm gathering he should come inside and bicycle in the attic. In 1902, Stokes bought land at the southern tip of Long Neck, a small peninsula in Darien, Connecticut and built "Brick House", where he and his family lived for many years. (Andrew Carnegie occupied Brick House for several summers, and in 1917 he bought Anson Phelps' estate "Shadowbrook", where he died in 1919.) The Stokes family also had a summer house, or Great Camp, on Upper St. Regis Lake in the Adirondacks, where family members spend their summers to this day. 
Anson lost one of his legs 15 years previously in a horse-riding accident, when he was thrown against a tree and his leg crushed. 
At his death on June 29, 1913, in New York City, Anson Stokes was survived by nine children: four sons and five daughters. His sons include Anson Phelps Stokes (1874–1958), an educator and clergyman, architect Isaac Newton Phelps Stokes, and noted socialist James Graham Phelps Stokes. 
His personal wealth was estimated at USD $25,000,000 at the time of his death, or about USD$ in today's dollars. However, when his estate was settled, a month after his death, it was reported that the actual value of his estate was between $500,000 and $750,000 (about USD$ in today's dollars. 

</doc>
<doc id="9875761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875761" title="Anson Phelps Stokes (disambiguation)">
Anson Phelps Stokes (disambiguation)

Anson Phelps Stokes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9875769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875769" title="Dubravka Šuica">
Dubravka Šuica

Dubravka Šuica (born 20 May 1957) is a Croatian politician, member of the centre-right Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) and member of parliament. She served two consecutive terms as mayor of Dubrovnik between 2001 and 2009.
Born in Dubrovnik, Šuica graduated from the University of Zagreb Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences in 1981, where she majored in English and German language. She worked as a high school teacher, university professor and principal in Dubrovnik up until her mayoral election win in 2001. She won another four-year mayoral term in 2005. She was the first female mayor of Dubrovnik in history.
She became active in politics in 1990 when she joined HDZ. In 1998 she became head of the party's Dubrovnik branch and she was reelected several times, most recently in March 2012.
Dubravka Šuica was elected as the member of Croatian parliament on HDZ ticket three times in the 2000, 2003 and 2007. She hold several positions in Croatian parliament Committees.
In 2004. she was elected Vice president of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe. She was reelected to that position in 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2012.
In May 2012. Dubravka Šuica was elected vice-president of Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ). She is also the president of the Foreign and European Affairs Committee of HDZ.
In October 2012. she was elected vice-president of EPP Women.
In the European elections of 2013, she was elected Member of the European Parliament. She was sworn in on 1 July 2013, after Croatia joined the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9875771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875771" title="Ludo De Witte">
Ludo De Witte

Ludo De Witte (born 1956) is a Belgian writer known for a book on the murder of Patrice Lumumba. 

</doc>
<doc id="9875774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875774" title="Chaccho District">
Chaccho District

Chaccho District is one of six districts of the province Antonio Raymondi in Peru.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (73.57%) learnt to speak in childhood, 25.88% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9875787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875787" title="Scotland Yard Emcees">
Scotland Yard Emcees

Scotland Yard Emcees was an Edinburgh based hip hop group composed of MC Profisee a.k.a. Nutty Prof, Necaras, E-Hybrid, Big Stoo a.k.a. Isomer and Mr Jinx.
History.
The group rapped in many settings from Leicester to London, but for two years Kulu's Jazz joint (Henry's Cellar Bar) was their headquarters. 
As time elapsed, Scotland Yard Emcees became Yard Emcees, culminating in the "Dazed & Confused" / Topshop award for music in 2003, and the release of their second EP "Streetz" via the One Little Indian label. They split up shortly afterwards.
In recent years MC Profisee, alongside DJ/producer Vigilante, has released an EP with his new project, Great Ezcape, as well as still pursuing other solo projects. Profisee also appeared on two tracks from Hexstatic's 2007 album, "When Robots Go Bad". Mr Jinx and producer Seanie B have released an EP under the name Scotland Yard, and are working on new projects for their new record label, Dropzone Records.
Necaras has returned to London and is currently working on new material. Big Stoo currently lives and works in Japan, pursuing a career in Mixed martial arts.

</doc>
<doc id="9875789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875789" title="Chingas District">
Chingas District

Chingas District is one of six districts of the province Antonio Raymondi in Peru.
It limits with the districts of Aczo, Llamellin and the Province of Huari.
Chingas is one of the most productive valleys of the Alley of Conchucos.
This district was founded on September 21, 1956. At the moment they have a population of 2,482 Inhabitants, being the density of its population 50,7 inhabitants by square kilometer.
Ethnic groups.
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (57.66%) learnt to speak in childhood, 42.24% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).

</doc>
<doc id="9875812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875812" title="Let's Just Be">
Let's Just Be

"Let's Just Be" is the sixth studio album by Joseph Arthur, and his first with his backing band The Lonely Astronauts. The album was released on April 17, 2007 in the US, and on September 3, 2007 in the UK. According to Arthur: "the philosophy of the whole record was sort of a letting go, that's why I called it "Let's Just Be", because it was like everything about that record from a Zen-like approach. Just letting things be how they are."
"Let's Just Be" was released seven months after his previous album, "Nuclear Daydream". The band recorded the album in a quick stint while touring in Southern California in 2006 at Mathias Schneeberger's studio. Arthur notes that: "the idea for us was to record all of these new songs straight to tape using only 16 tracks with no reverb, sort of a back to basics like how the Stones or Neil Young used to record. These albums are really a band effort, there was a lot of collaboration in the studio and quite a few songs on the album were co-writes." 
There is a standard edition and a special edition (featuring different artwork) of the album available (in the US only, released on May 15, 2007).
The album version of "Diamond Ring" is featured as the B-side to the UK single of "Enough to Get Away," released August 27, 2007. The album version of "Take Me Home" is featured as the B-side to the single of "Honey and the Moon," released March 26, 2007.
Demos.
In December 2006, 14 new songs (recorded with the Lonely Astronauts) were placed on Joseph's website, available for free download or with a donation. The 14 tracks comprised the original tracklisting for "Let's Just Be" in this order:

</doc>
<doc id="9875818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875818" title="Millard Erickson">
Millard Erickson

Millard J. Erickson (24 June 1932), born in Isanti County, Minnesota is a Christian theologian, professor of theology, and author. He has written the widely acclaimed systematics work "Christian Theology" as well as over 20 other books.
Currently, Erickson is Distinguished Professor of Theology at Western Seminary in Portland, Oregon. He was professor of theology and academic dean at Bethel University seminary for many years. He also taught at Baylor University. He earned a B.A. from the University of Minnesota, a B.D. from Northern Baptist Theological Seminary, an M.A. from the University of Chicago, and a Ph.D. from Northwestern University.
Erickson, an ordained Baptist minister, is a fairly conservative evangelical and only moderately Calvinistic. He is accommodating of alternate views on a number of issues, but one of the most vocal opponents of the most liberal side of evangelicalism. Erickson is also a prominent critic of open theism and postmodern Christianity, including the Emerging Church movement.

</doc>
<doc id="9875832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875832" title="Mirroring (psychology)">
Mirroring (psychology)

Mirroring is the behaviour in which one person copies another person usually while in social interaction with them. It may include miming gestures, movements, body language, muscle tensions, expressions, tones, eye movements, breathing, tempo, accent, attitude, choice of words or metaphors, and other aspects of communication. It is often observed among couples or close friends.
Occurrence.
Mirroring is common in conversation. The listeners will typically smile or frown along with the speaker. If one person throws in sports metaphors, the other will likely parry along similar ideas. Since people usually accept their mirror image with ease, mirroring the person with whom one is speaking generally makes them feel more relaxed and encourages them to open up.
Within the area of self psychology, being mirrored refers "to all the transactions characterizing the mother–child relationship, including not only the reflections of grandiosity, but also constancy, nurturance, a general empathy and respect" (Kohut, 1977, pp. 146–147). The parents' mirroring responses influence the development and maintenance of self-esteem and self-assertive ambitions. Their response will mirror back to the child a sense of worth, which in turn creates an internal self-respect.
Individuals with mental retardation or autism often engage in echolalia in which speech or gestures made by others are mirrored.
It also takes place with people with certain degrees of difficulty comprehending complex emotions, or d.c.c.e. certain types of people with d.c.c.e. lack the emotional range of a normal person, though they can learn to mimic, or mirror the emotions, or attitude shown at them, and then reflect said emotions, or attitude right back at the original person, while still never actually feeling the actual emotion.
Types.
Direct mirroring occurs when a person is face to face with another. It is used by lovers, people with high familiarity or interest in one another such as opponents in a contest.
Mirroring is also a technique used in Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP).
Postural mirror-image mirroring occurs where one person's left side "matches" the other person's right side shows strong rapport and typically affinity (sociology) or empathy and increasing your own synchronicity with someone can also smooth conversation.
Incongruency can be mirrored for rapport. If someone says "Great" but looks or sounds downtrodden, a mirroring reply would be to incongruently say "Good" with a similar down attitude like them.

</doc>
<doc id="9875853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875853" title="Music of Milwaukee">
Music of Milwaukee

Milwaukee has a long history of musical activity. The first organized musical society, called "Milwaukee Beethoven Society" formed in 1843, three years before the city was incorporated. This was later replaced with the Milwaukee Musical Society. The Wisconsin Conservatory of Music was founded in 1899.
The large concentrations of German immigrants contributed to the musical character of the city. Saengerbund festivals were held regularly.
Venues such as Pabst Theater, Marcus Amphitheater, Riverside Theater, The Northern Lights Theater, and The Rave frequently bring internationally known and critically acclaimed acts to Milwaukee.
Milwaukee has a history of rock, jazz, soul, blues, punk, ska, industrial music, goth, hip hop, electronica and pop music bands. Some musicians who have risen out of the Milwaukee scene to regional and national prominence are The Esquires, Violent Femmes, Coo Coo Cal, Rico Love, Gerald Walker, Jerry Harrison, Woody Herman, Liberace, saxophonist Warren Wiegratz, blues giant Hubert Sumlin, the BoDeans, Maritime, Citizen King, The Gufs, Eyes To The Sky, Fever Marlene, Streetz & Young Deuces, The Promise Ring, Little Blue Crunchy Things, Eric Benét, Al Jarreau, Oil Tasters and Koala Taxi. The city is also home to Beer City Records, a local punk rock label.
Rock.
Acts such as Violent Femmes, Jaill, BoDeans, Citizen King, Die Kreuzen, The Gufs, Fever Marlene, The Promise Ring, Little Blue Crunchy Things, Woolton Parrish, and Test Pilot have all been based in Wisconsin's brew city. The Esquires "Get On Up" reached No. 11 on Billboard singles chart and No. 3 on R&B chart in 1967. Indie/punk record label Snapdragon Records was founded in 2002 by Kristan Harris, an ex-member of Subdue.
Metal.
Milwaukee has a rich history in metal from the now infamous "Milwaukee Metal Fest" (one of the first festivals in the United States to bring international and nationwide metal legends to play for thousands of eager fans) to the current small but thriving local metal community. Often overlooked, the metal community is strong and continues to grow. Unfortunately Milwaukee no longer has the once infamous Metalfest, but there is a largely popular underground metal scene. Bands like "Seven Angels Seven Plagues", "Lying Still", the once punk, now metal band "Less Than Popular", and "Conniption" are all popular local bands still playing today (minus "Seven Angels Seven Plagues")
Punk/ska/emo/skunk.
Milwaukee has many punk, ska and emo artists, such as Ryan Piemeisel, Arthur Bollis, Max Woods, James Kujawa, Derek Mlaker, Jared Palkowski, Roman Ugowski, Rose Spella, Andy Penkalski, John Boston, Steven O'Neil, Nic Huth, Dave Baggs, Vash, Tony Henry, The Schmidt, Tom Callahan, Booty Tunes, Ewok Resistance, CJ Scerpella, The Promise Ring, Avenues, Big Green Sofa, Denture Breath, Eighty-D, 5 o'Clock Charlie, Pavlov's Dogs, SECW(Straight Edge Crack Whores), The Oakwoods, The Response, Bosio, Subdue, Molitor, 52Metro and KCSW.
Hip hop.
Milwaukee's hip hop scene received national recognition when Black Elephant was featured in the "Unsigned Hype" section of "The Source" magazine. Streetz & Young Deuces was also featured in the "off The Radar" section of "The Source".
Other Milwaukee hip hop acts include, Tank (American singer), Rico Love, Coo Coo Cal, Gerald Walker, the Rusty Ps, Kid Cut Up, Brew City Ballas and Haz Solo. In 2001, Coo Coo Cal's "My Projects" became the first commercially successful single by a Milwaukee hip hop act since Arrested Development strung together a set of hits in the early 1990s.
Rico Love, who spent most of his childhood in Milwaukee and claims the city as his hometown, was signed to Usher's Us Records and releasing his hit single "Settle Down" from the soundtrack to "In the Mix".
Milwaukee is also where the Core DJ's began. Milwaukee native, The CEO of the Core DJ's & radio DJ, Tony Neal started Core in October 2004. Since then, The Core DJ's has become the largest coalition of urban DJ's in the world with over 500 DJ's worldwide.
Jazz.
Milwaukee's jazz scene has produced many nationally recognized artists including Al Jarreau, Brian Lynch, Jon Weber, Thom Mason, Carl Allen, Eddie Allen, Lynne Arriale, Billy and Mark Johnson, Russ Johnson, John Sullivan, and Juli Wood. Several other jazz masters have held Milwaukee ties through the years, including Mel Rhyne, Bunky Green, George Braith, Woody Herman, and Rahsaan Roland Kirk. Many Chicago musicians make the trek to Milwaukee to play at the city's jazz clubs, such as The Jazz Estate and Caroline's. Some restaurants and hotel bars also feature live jazz. Milwaukee also hosts the weekly Thursday night music series "Jazz in the Park", which runs from Labor Day to Memorial Day.
Club.
Milwaukee's club scene sees regular bookings of international DJs, such as Richie Hawtin, LTJ Bukem, Mark Farina, Derrick Carter and The Founder of The CORE Dj's, Tony Neal. In the early 1990s, the city's rave scene fostered hardcore techno, thanks to Drop Bass; but the scene dwindled after reactions by local authorities. Milwaukee is also a center of the breakcore scene, with labels such as Addict Records and Zod Records.
Classical.
Milwaukee is host to the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Edo de Waart. Other notable ensembles in Milwaukee include the Milwaukee Symphony Chorus, the Bel Canto Chorus, the Florentine Opera, the Milwaukee Youth Symphony Orchestra, Present Music and the Fine Arts Quartet. Classical Violinist Walter Wenzel was also from Milwaukee.
Record labels.
Milwaukee is the headquarters of Snapdragon Records, which is nationally distributed by Sony/RED/MRI. Its artists have been featured on Van's Warped Tour, MTV, Fuel, and Fuse Summerfest. Originally a pop punk label that has adapted throughout the years with the genre, it has historically supported several notable Wisconsin artists including Madison's skacore artist I Voted For Kodos, Pop Rock artist The Starrs, Milwaukee's The Response. It has also featured Milwaukee artists on nationally distributed compilations, such as Since By Man, Bosio, Subdue, The Response, Red Letter Diaries Temper Temper. SDR also supports the community with its local sponsorship of the Rock for Life blood drives.

</doc>
<doc id="9875864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875864" title="Unmanned resupply spacecraft">
Unmanned resupply spacecraft

Unmanned resupply spacecraft are a special kind of robotic spacecraft that operate autonomously without a human crew, designed to support space station operation. This is different from space probes, whose missions are to conduct scientific investigations.
Resupply spacecraft have been used since 1978 and have serviced Salyut 6, Salyut 7, Mir and the International Space Station.
SpaceX.
Dragon.
The American private space technology company that has made the most progress towards creating a spacecraft to deliver supplies to the International Space Station is also saying they will be the cheapest to operate. SpaceX will use their Falcon 9 rocket to launch the Dragon capsule into low Earth orbit. Using this combination SpaceX says they will be able to launch supplies or seven astronauts to the International Space Station for an average price of 57 million dollars per launch. The United States government currently sends astronauts to the International Space Station using the Russian space agency at a cost of 63 million dollars a seat. The Falcon 9 rocket can also launch supplies into low Earth orbit for approximately . SpaceX is also finishing the developmental stage on their Falcon Heavy rocket that is scheduled to make its first flight in 2014. The Falcon Heavy could launch supplies into low Earth orbit for a cost of . Those prices are less than half of the price that the United States Government spends now using the Russians and the Chinese. SpaceX believes they will able to save the United States government substantial costs using their rockets and capsules.

</doc>
<doc id="9875867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875867" title="Methyl anthranilate">
Methyl anthranilate

Methyl anthranilate, also known as MA, methyl 2-aminobenzoate, or carbomethoxyaniline, is an ester of anthranilic acid. Its chemical formula is C8H9NO2.
Chemical properties.
It is a clear to pale yellow liquid with melting point 24 °C and boiling point 256 °C. It shows a light blue fluorescence. It is very slightly soluble in water, and soluble in ethanol and propylene glycol. It is insoluble in paraffin oil. It is combustible, with flash point at 104 °C. At full concentration, it has a fruity grape smell; at 25 ppm it has a sweet, fruity, Concord grape-like smell with a musty and berry nuance.
Uses.
Methyl anthranilate acts as a bird repellent. It is food-grade and can be used to protect corn, sunflowers, rice, fruit, and golf courses. Dimethyl anthranilate (DMA) has a similar effect. It is also used for the flavor of grape KoolAid. It is used for flavoring of candy, soft drinks (e.g. grape soda), gums, and drugs. 
Methyl anthranilate both as a component of various natural essential oils and as a synthesised aroma-chemical is used extensively in modern perfumery. It is also used to produce Schiff's Bases with aldehydes, many of which are also used in perfumery. In a perfumery context the most common Schiff's Base is known as aurantiol - produced by combining methyl anthranilate and hydroxycitronellal.
Occurrence.
Methyl anthranilate naturally occurs in the Concord grapes and other "Vitis labrusca" grapes and hybrids thereof, and in bergamot, black locust, champaca, gardenia, jasmine, lemon, mandarin orange, neroli, oranges, rue oil, strawberry, tuberose, wisteria, galangal, and ylang ylang. It is also a primary component of the essential apple flavor, along with ethyl acetate and ethyl butyrate. It is also secreted by the musk glands of foxes and dogs, and lends a "sickly sweetness" to the smell of rotting flesh.

</doc>
<doc id="9875880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875880" title="Intercept theorem">
Intercept theorem

The intercept theorem, also known as Thales' theorem (not to be confused with another theorem with that name), is an important theorem in elementary geometry about the ratios of various line segments that are created if two intersecting lines are intercepted by a pair of parallels. It is equivalent to the theorem about ratios in similar triangles. Traditionally it is attributed to Greek mathematician Thales.
Formulation.
Suppose S is the intersection point of two lines and A, B are the intersections of the first line with the two parallels, such that B is further away from S than A, and similarly C, D are the intersections of the second line with the two parallels such that D is further away from S than C. 
Related Concepts.
Similarity and similar Triangles.
The intercept theorem is closely related to similarity. In fact it is equivalent to the concept of similar triangles, i.e. it can be used to prove the properties of similar triangles and similar triangles can be used to prove the intercept theorem. By matching identical angles you can always place two similar triangles in one another so that you get the configuration in which the intercept theorem applies; and conversely the intercept theorem configuration always contains two similar triangles.
Scalar Multiplication in Vector Spaces.
In a normed vector space, the axioms concerning the scalar multiplication (in particular formula_6 and formula_7) are assuring that the intercept theorem holds. You have
formula_8
Applications.
Algebraic formulation of Compass and Ruler Constructions.
There are three famous problems in elementary geometry which were posed by the Greek in terms of Compass and straightedge constructions.
Their solution took more than 2000 years until all three of them finally were settled in the 19th century using algebraic methods that had become available during that period of time.
In order to reformulate them in algebraic terms using field extensions, one needs to match field operations with compass and straightedge constructions. In particular it is important to assure that for two given line segments, a new line segment can be constructed such that its length equals the product of lengths of the other two. Similarly one needs to be able to construct, for a line segment of length formula_9, a new line segment of length formula_10. The intercept theorem can be used to show that in both cases such a construction is possible.
Measuring/Survey.
Height of the Cheops Pyramid.
According to some historical sources the Greek mathematician Thales applied the intercept theorem to determine the height of the Cheops' pyramid. The following description illustrates the use of the intercept theorem to compute the height of the Cheops' pyramid. It does not however recount Thales' original work, which was lost.
Thales measured the length of the pyramid's base and the height of his pole. Then at the same time of the day he measured the length of the pyramid's shadow and the length of the pole's shadow. This yielded the following data:
From this he computed 
Knowing A,B and C he was now able to apply the intercept theorem to compute 
Parallel Lines in Triangles and Trapezoids.
The intercept theorem can be used to prove that a certain construction yields parallel line (segment)s. 
Proof of the theorem.
claim 4.
Can be shown by applying the intercept theorem for two lines.

</doc>
<doc id="9875881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875881" title="Georges Madon">
Georges Madon

Georges Félix Madon (28 July 1892 – 11 November 1924) was the fourth ranked French ace pilot of the First World War. His lengthy career and wide variety of aviation experiences were remarkable.
Life and career.
Early years.
Madon was born in Bizerte, Tunisia and was athletic from an early age. He was short but had an erect stance, and was exceptionally strong. He boxed and played football.
Madon first became interested in aviation when just 15 years old, when he made an unsuccessful attempt to build his own craft. He had quit school to get over a siege of malaria. After building models and kites, he fabricated a bicycle-powered "aviette".
His desire to fly led him to attempt to become a pilot for the Ottoman Empire. When that failed, he enlisted in the First Engineering Regiment in Versailles, and ended up as a cook. He repeatedly requested pilot's training.
Aerial Service.
He subsequently qualified as a pilot in June, 1911, after 19 lessons. On 12 March 1912, he enlisted in the French military and received his military pilot's license at Avord, France, in January, 1913. Although only a corporal, he was one of France's most experienced military pilots. He originally flew reconnaissance and night-time bombing missions while assigned to fly prewar Bleriots with Escadrille (squadron) BL30. The night flying missions were some of the first ever, and his experience probably accounts for this assignment. Certainly it saved his life, when on 30 October 1914, his engine was destroyed by a direct hit by 77 mm cannon fire. It took exceptional skill to coax the Bleriot to a dead stick landing against the wind within French lines.
In April, 1915, thrown off course by heavy fog, he flew into Swiss air space while qualifying upon a new Farman, and was interned for several months. It took him two tries to escape, but he freed himself in December by chloroforming and kidnapping his guard. His reward was a court-martial and 60 days confinement.
He was then posted to Escadrille MF218 as a sergeant directing artillery fire. He requested transfer to a fighter squadron.
After retraining at Pau and Cazaux, he was posted to fly Nieuports with N38 on 1 September 1916. He scored his first victory on the 28th. By year's end, he was up to four and had been promoted to adjutant.
He began the new year by strafing an enemy locomotive to a halt. Later, on July 2, 1917, he was wounded in action when he collided with an enemy aircraft and crashed. By then, he had 12 victories. The following month, he was commissioned a sous lieutenant. By October, his confirmed score was 17, with 20 unconfirmed. He was said to have returned with blood and brains on his plane's propeller three times; another time, he brought home the glasses from an enemy observer's face stuck in his plane's wire bracing.
By March, 1918, his personal score stood at 25 confirmed. He was appointed to command Escadrille Spa38, which was re-equipped with new Spad XIIIs. Although principally a photo reconnaissance unit, Spa38 aggressively defended itself. They lived up to the motto they adopted from their commander; "Whoever rubs against me gets pricked". They also adopted his black thistle insignia on their planes.
As part of Madon's new role, he mentored other pilots who became aces because of his tutelage; among these were Andre Martenot de Cordou, Hector Garaud, and American David Putnam.
By war's end, he was credited with 41 confirmed victories and 64 probables. About the latter, he once nonchalantly remarked, "The Boche knows his losses." His score of 41 still ranked him fourth among all French pilots.
In an ironic twist, he was promoted to temporary captain on the last day of the war, Armistice Day, 1918. In an era when fighter aces' careers were commonly measured in months, he had had a two-year string of victories. With seven years flying experience, he was one of the world's most experienced aviators by war's end.
Later years.
Madon stayed in aviation after the war ended. In 1922, he flew a radically designed racing monoplane scheduled for the Coupe-Deutsch Race. The Simplex monoplane had a Hispano-Suiza engine crammed into a short fuselage; pilot view was seriously limited by a rearward seating behind a barrel radiator. Madon crashed the plane during a test flight and suffered severe injuries.
Precisely six years after Armistice Day, at age 32, Madon was killed in his native Tunisia preparing for a tribute to fellow airman Roland Garros. His aircraft suffered mechanical trouble, and he gallantly crashed it into the roof of a villa rather than hit spectators. He died in Tunis.
Legacy.
Madon's legacy is founded on more than his experienced long service to his country and his long rise through military ranks. His score sheet included an incredible 64 probable victories. Confirmation of any sizable number of these might raise him to a score greater even than the Red Baron himself, von Richthofen.
Madon was awarded three medals by his own country, Médaille Militaire, Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur and Croix de Guerre with ten palms. He also was awarded the Italian Order for Valor, and the Romanian Order for Valor.
The Avord Air Base, near Avord in central France, where he learned to fly, is named "Base Aérienne 702 Capitaine Georges Madon".
Citations for Decorations.
"George Felix Madon, Lieutenant temporary (active) engineer, pilot aviator, officer elite fighter pilot of an indomitable energy, heroic bravery and supreme skill. Also winner in the ordinary course of committed countless battles without concern of many opponents, or the removal of our lines, never reached even a single bullet through the devastating speed of his attacks, the precision of his maneuvers, the infallibility of his shot, wounded sometimes in terrible falls, leads tirelessly by his splendid example, the squadron under his command and it shows every day with new exploits. On 11 August 1918, he slaughtered his 40th enemy plane. A injury. Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur for war. Nineteen citations. "

</doc>
<doc id="9875903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875903" title="Gammator">
Gammator

A Gammator was a gamma irradiator made by the Radiation Machinery Corporation during the U.S. Atoms for Peace project of the 1950s and 1960s. The gammator was distributed by the "Atomic Energy Commission to schools, hospitals, and private firms to promote nuclear understanding." Around 120-140 Gammators were distributed throughout the U.S. and the whereabouts of several of them are unknown, although the Department of Energy has removed and destroyed many of the units.
Specifications.
A Gammator weighed about 1,850 pounds and contained about 400 curies of caesium-137 in a pellet roughly the size of a pen. 
Concerns.
Because of the massive shielding of a Gammator, the machine is very safe when used as intended (e.g. school science experiments); according to the Los Alamos National Laboratory, it is similar to machines used to irradiate blood. However, this amount of nuclear material could pose a significant problem if used as the radioactive component in a dirty bomb.

</doc>
<doc id="9875904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875904" title="Troubadour style">
Troubadour style

Taking its name from medieval troubadours, the Troubadour Style, style troubadour in French, was a somewhat derisive term for French historical painting of the early 19th century with idealised depictions of the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. It can be seen as an aspect of Romanticism and a reaction against Neoclassicism, which was coming to an end at the end of the Consulate, and became particularly associated with Josephine Bonaparte and Caroline Ferdinande Louise, duchesse de Berry. In architecture the style was an exuberant French equivalent to the Gothic Revival of the Germanic and Anglophone countries. The style related to contemporary developments in French literature, and music, but the term is usually restricted to painting and architecture.
History.
The rediscovery of medieval civilization was one of the intellectual curiosities of the beginning of the 19th century, with much input from the Ancien Régime and its institutions, rites (the coronation ceremony dated back to the 16th century) and the medieval churches in which family ceremonies occurred.
Even while exhuming the remains of the kings and putting on the market a multitude of objects, works of art and elements of medieval architecture, the revolutionaries brought them back to life, it could be said. The Musée des monuments français (Museum of French Monuments), established in the former convent that would become Paris's École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, presented all this glorious debris of the Middle Ages as subjects of admiration for the public and as models of inspiration for students of the departments of engraving, painting and sculpture, but not those of architecture since teaching of this subject had been dissociated from the "beaux-arts" and placed in the École centrale des travaux publics under the direction of J.N.L Durand, a harsh promoter of the neoclassical architecture that characterized the styles of the Convention and Consulate. Later, from the Bourbon Restoration and under the impulse of Quatremère de Quincy and Mérimée, a new tradition of teaching architecture put it back under the fine arts umbrella, in the margins of the declining official school, beginning with private workshops that behaved as diocesan architects working for historic monuments that would give rise to the Société Centrale des Architectes and make Troubador-style architecture possible.
The resurgence of Christian feeling and in Christianity in the arts, with the publication in 1800 of "Le Génie du Christianisme" ('the Genius of Christianity'), played a major role in favour of edifying painting, sculpture and literature, often inspired by religion.
Artists and writers rejected the neo-antique rationalism of the French Revolution and turned towards a perceived glorious Christian past. The progress of the history and archaeology in the course of the 18th century began to bear fruit, at first, in painting. Paradoxically these painters of the past were unaware of the primitives of French painting, finding it too academic and not sufficiently filled with anecdote.
Napoleon himself did not disdain this artistic current: he took as his emblem the golden beehive on the grave of the Merovingian king Childeric I, rediscovered in the 17th century, and saw himself as the heir of the French monarchy. He also gave official recognition to the Middle Ages in the forms of his coronation, and tried to profit from other trappings of the medieval French kings, perhaps even their miraculous curative powers ("Bonaparte visiting the plague-victims of Jaffa" by Antoine-Jean Gros was read as a modern re-envisgaing of the thaumaturgical kings).
Literature.
Public interest in the Middle Ages in literature first manifested itself in France and above all England. In France, this came with the adaptation and publication from 1778 of ancient chivalric romances by the Comte de Tressan (1707–1783) in his "Bibliothèque des romans", and in England with the first fantastical romances, like the "Castle of Otranto". These English romances inspired late 18th century French writers to follow suit, such as Donation de Sade with his "Histoire secrete d'Isabelle de Baviere, reine de France". The "Le Troubadour, poésies occitaniques" (1803) by Fabre d'Olivet popularized the term, and may have led to the naming of the style in art. The Waverley Novels of Walter Scott were hugely popular across Europe, and a major influence on both painting and French novelists such as Alexandre Dumas and Victor Hugo.
Painting.
In painting, the troubadour style was represented by history painting portraying edifying historical episodes, often borrowing its smoothness, its minute and illusionistic description of detail, its rendering of fabrics, the intimate character of its familiar scenes and its other technical means from Dutch Golden Age painting. The paintings were typically rather small cabinet paintings, often showing quiet intimate anecdotal moments rather than moments of high drama, though these were both depicted. As well as figures from political history, famous artists and authors of the past were often shown, especially Raphael and Dante. Ingres' "Death of Leonardo da Vinci" in the arms of King Francois I of France is one of several works bringing rulers and artists together. A number of paintings by Ingres are in the style, and lesser artists such as Pierre-Henri Révoil (1776-1842) and Fleury-François Richard (1777-1852) specialized in the style. The Belgian Henri Leys painted in a more sombre version of the style much influenced by Northern Renaissance painting. Richard Parkes Bonington is better remembered for his landscapes, but also painted in the style, as did Eugène Delacroix. The peak period was brought to an end by the Revolution of 1848, and later the arrival of Realism, although the style arguably merged into late 19th century academic painting. The transition can be seen in the work of Paul Delaroche.
Arguably the first troubadour painting was presented at the Salon of 1802, under the French Consulate. It was a work by Fleury-Richard, "Valentine of Milan weeping for the death of her husband", a subject which had come to the artist during a visit to the "musée des monuments français", a museum of French medieval monuments. A tomb from this museum was included in the painting as that of the wife. Thanks to its moving subject matter, the painting was an enormous success - seeing it, David cried "This resembles nothing anyone else has done, it's a new effect of colour; the figure is charming and full of expression, and this green curtain thrown across this window renders the illusion complete". Compositions lit from the back of the scene, with the foreground in semi-darkness, became rather a trademark of the early years of the style.
Fragonard's painting of "François Premier reçu chevalier par Bayard" ("Francis I knighted by Bayard", Salon of 1819) has to be read not as a rediscovery of a medieval past, but as a memory of a recent monarchic tradition.
Architecture.
A fashion for medieval architecture may be seen throughout 19th century Europe, originating in England, and a blooming of the Neogothic style, but in France this remains limited to certain 'feudal' buildings in the parks surrounding châteaux.
After the Troubadour style disappeared in painting, it seems to have continued (or re-emerged) in architecture, the decorative arts, literature and theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="9875919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875919" title="Matlock Preparatory Academy (West Palm Beach) Florida">
Matlock Preparatory Academy (West Palm Beach) Florida

Matlock Preparatory Academy is a college preparatory school serving students in grades 9-12.
School Profile.
Matlock Academy is a unique private high school for gifted and creative students. 98% of high school graduates are awarded scholarships from Bright Futures Scholarship Program, which is a very high percentage for high schools. Matlock uses a unique approach to teaching students by learning in a non pressured environment. Various methods of stress reduction are taught to students to help them cope with test taking and achieving academic success. Matlock Academy is an academically focused high school and currently does not have a sports program.
Special Program.
One of the programs that help make Matlock unique is that it has a dual enrollment program for 11 and 12 graders with a local college. This program is reserved for only students who achieved a grade of "B" or higher.
International Students.
Matlock Academy is SEVIS approved. SEVIS was established as part of ICE's (U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement) objective to restore integrity to the immigration system. By more effectively managing status information on international students and exchange visitors in the United States, SEVIS plays a key role in ICE’s homeland security mission while ensuring that all eligible international students and exchange visitors can experience the benefits of America’s exceptional schools, educational programs, and cultural opportunities. It took two years for Matlock Academy to receive this approval.
Homeschool Program.
The Homeschool program is over 20 years old and is separate from the day school program. Students receive specific instruction for the homeschool program and one on one tutoring. Some families choose to homeschool their children due to religious beliefs, while others choose to do so because of dissatisfaction with other educational options. Many parents of children with disabilities choose to homeschool because they feel more prepared to meet the needs of their child. Regardless of the reason, homeschooling has become popular in many countries, especially the United States.
Summer School.
Students usually attend Summer School for enrichment purposes, making up a grade, or accelerating their current education. A student wishing to graduate earlier than their prescribed date may take credits in summer school to achieve this goal. The summer school has been opened to any high school student in Palm Beach County.

</doc>
<doc id="9875938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9875938" title="Guardbridge">
Guardbridge

Guardbridge () is a village in the north-east of Fife, on the east coast of Scotland. It is approximately north-west of St Andrews, and is situated on the estuary of the River Eden, at the junction of the A91 road between St Andrews and Stirling and the A919/A914 road between Leuchars and the Tay Road Bridge.
Guardbridge has a number of local amenities including a school, general store, garages, hotel, takeaway food shop, hairdresser, furniture maker, and bowling and fishing clubs. The village has also become a very popular dormitory settlement due to its close proximity to St Andrews and Dundee.
History.
The village takes its name from a 15th-century six-arched bridge built by Bishop Henry Wardlaw who founded the University of St Andrews. 'Gaire', although Anglicised as 'guard', actually means a triangular piece of ground in Scots and probably describes the course of the Eden where it is crossed by the bridge. (Alternatively, "Gare", the French word for "station" or the older Latin version of "Statio" referred to the Statio located on the low escarpment on the rise to Seggie. The Statio was the last overnighting stop used by caravans of pilgrims on their way to the Holy City of St Andrews, which was one of the two most important sites of mediaeval pilgrimage in Europe.) - see following reference to this statio, but referred to using the word "Hostel" which isn't entiely accurate. Guardbridge was the site of the last hostel for pilgrims travelling to St Andrews. From there, the Augustinians regulated the number of pilgrims visiting the cathedral.
In 1852 the north-east Fife railway line was extended to St Andrews, and a viaduct was built over the Eden. However after the line was dismantled as part of the Beeching cuts the viaduct was demolished, and all that can be seen now are the bridge piers in the river.
In 1873, William Haig and two of his sons formed the Guardbridge Paper Company to find a more profitable use for their Seggie whisky distillery which had been established there since 1810. The mill went into production in 1874. As the mill developed the village grew around it, with new housing and roads to attract and accommodate workers. Before the First World War the labour force reached over 400, reaching a peak of 620 in the late 1950s.
The paper mill was previously the main local industry and was operated by Curtis Fine Papers. On July 24, 2008, the mill went into receivership and 180 workers were made redundant. Many locals were employed elsewhere in Fife, Dundee, Edinburgh or even further afield. The building which played host to the mill is now Eden Brewery.

</doc>
