<doc id="9763088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763088" title="Fadilla">
Fadilla

Annia Aurelia Fadilla, most commonly known as Fadilla (159-died after 211) was an influential Roman Princess and was one of the daughters born to Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius and Roman Empress Faustina the Younger. She was a sister to Roman Empress Lucilla and Roman Emperor Commodus. Fadilla was named in honor of her late maternal aunt Aurelia Fadilla. The cognomen Fadilla, was the cognomen of the mother and a half-sister of the previous Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius. Her maternal grandparents were Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius and Roman Empress Faustina the Elder and her paternal grandparents were Domitia Lucilla and praetor Marcus Annius Verus. 
Life.
Fadilla was born and raised in Rome. During the reign of her father, she married the Roman senator, who served later twice as consul and as Augur, Marcus Peducaeus Plautius Quintillus, a nephew of Roman Emperor Lucius Verus who co-ruled with her father from 161-169 and through adoption was her uncle. The mother Plautius Quintillus was Ceionia Fabia, sister of Lucius Verus. Fadilla bore Marcus Peducaeus Plautius Quintillus two children: son (Plautius) Quintillus and a daughter Plautia Servilla. 
When her father died in 180, her remaining brother Commodus succeeded him as Roman Emperor. During Commodus' reign, Fadilla and her family lived in a private palace on Capitoline Hill in Rome which was later bestowed by the later Roman Emperor Elagabalus (218–222) as one of his mother's favorite residences. Her husband became one of Commodus' main advisers. 
According to Herodian (History of the Roman Empire 1.13.1), Fadilla warned Commodus about Marcus Aurelius Cleander, a Praetorian prefect, who was becoming too powerful. With the help from one of her sisters, she uncovered and revealed a palace conspiracy aimed at the removal of Commodus in 189.
Sources.
"This article is partly based from the German version of Wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="9763103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763103" title="Marion Ladewig">
Marion Ladewig

Marion Ladewig (October 30, 1914 – April 16, 2010) was an American ten-pin bowler. She was named Female Bowler of the Year by the Bowling Writers Association of America a record nine times between 1950 and 1963 (1950–54, 57–59, 63). A Grand Rapids, MI native, Ladewig is the only woman to win WIBC City, State, and National All-Events titles in the same year (1951).
In 1964, Ladewig became the first Superior Performance inductee into the Women's International Bowling Congress Hall of Fame, and in 1984 became the first woman bowler inducted into the Women’s Sports Foundation Hall of Fame. She is the all-time leader in "U.S. Women's Open" championships (8); no other bowler has won more than three. Ladewig retired from competitive bowling in 1964.
She appeared as a guest on What's My Line on January 12, 1964. 
After retiring from active competition, Ladewig co-hosted the locally produced WOTV "Bowling Classic" in Grand Rapids, alongside Warren Reynolds, during the 1970s and 1980s.
Ladewig died on April 16, 2010, at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="9763110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763110" title="Little Brown Jug of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan">
Little Brown Jug of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan

The Little Brown Jug of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is a trophy awarded each year to the winner of the high school football game played between Sault Ste. Marie and Newberry. The game has been played since 1911 and is recorded as one of the oldest rivalries in Michigan football history. Sault Ste. Marie leads Newberry in the series 51-26-5. Each year, the winner inscribes the year and score from the game. Sault Ste. Marie currently holds the Jug as of the 2013 football season.
History.
According to one account, the Upper Peninsula's Brown Jug tradition began in 1910. After defeating Minnesota 6-0, the University of Michigan football team stopped in Newberry on its return trip to Ann Arbor when one of the coaches left behind the Little Brown Jug trophy. After defeating Sault Ste. Marie 18-6, the rivalry was born. The original Jug was later returned to the University of Michigan, but a replica of the Jug was sent by Michigan to keep the rivalry going.
In 1938, the Little Brown Jug rivalry was revived after a 12-year lapse. A 1938 article on the revival of the "jug" rivalry noted: "The original jug was lost but another has been acquired to take its place. The jug will serve as a trophy and will be presented to the winner after each game." The replacement jug was donated in 1938 by J. Harry Burris of Sault, president of the Lion's Club, who told a reporter that he found the jug at a "white elephant" sale held by the Lion's Club. In 1939, three buses and 20 automobiles carried Sault players and fans to Newberry for what was described as "the annual classic for possession of the 'brown jug.'" A 1939 newspaper feature article described the rivalry as follows:"Almost every years since 1913, the two schools have been settling their football differences on the gridiron. At times the rivalry reached a pitch where it was almost necessary to suspend relations. Everything has been going smoothly the last few years. But the competition is again on the hot side with the two teams playing for possession of the jug. The brown jug was put up for competition in the 1920s but was lost some years later."
By the 1950s, the Brown Jug was one of the most coveted trophies in Michigan high school football:"Riding on the outcome of the N-S contest is possession of the coveted Little Brown Jug, considered to be one of the most prized of Upper Peninsula high school football. The cup has been in possession of Newberry since 1948 when the Indians nosed out the Blue Devils 13-5, to snap a nine-game losing streak.
When Sault won the 1953 contest after five straight wins by Newberry, Sault's football coach presented the Brown Jug to the students at a pep assembly, as "a symbol of gridiron supremacy."
In 1966, a Sault Ste. Marie newspaper reported that the coveted Little Brown Jug was "one of the oldest in the history of the Upper Peninsula High School grid circles, dating back to 1913."
In 2005, after a lapse of several years, the renewal of the Upper Peninsula's Little Brown Jug was published in the "Congressional Record" by U.S. Representative Bart Stupak: "In the last game of the regular season, the Indians renewed an old rivalry with Sault Sainte Marie High School. It had been several years since Newberry and the Soo played for the 'Little Brown Jug' but the Indians rolled up a 20-0 victory, reclaiming the Jug." Some ninety years after it began, the Little Brown Jug remains one of the most notable trophies in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="9763125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763125" title="Cheeky Mouse">
Cheeky Mouse

Cheeky Mouse was an arcade game released by Universal Games in 1980.
Gameplay.
Try to hit the mouse with a hammer when it comes out from one of the holes in the wall. The mouse will try to get from its hole to the cheese on the other side of the house.

</doc>
<doc id="9763138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763138" title="Cinema of Palestine">
Cinema of Palestine

Palestinian cinema is relatively young in comparison to Arab cinema as a whole, many Palestinian movies are made with European and Israeli funding and support. Palestinian movies are not exclusively produced in Arabic and some are made in English, French and Hebrew.
History.
The first period: The beginning, 1935–48.
The first Palestinian film to be made is generally believed to be a documentary on King Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia´s visit in 1935 to Palestine, made by Ibrahim Hassan Sirhan, based in Jaffa(also spelled Ibrahim Hasan Serhan.) Sirhan followed the King and around Palestine, "from Lod to Jaffa and from Jaffa to Tel Aviv". The result was a silent movie that was presented at the Nabi Rubin festivals. Following this documentary, Sirhan joined Jamal al-Asphar to produce a 45-minute film called "The Realized Dreams", aiming to "promote the orphans´cause". Sirhan and al-Asphar also produced a documentary about Ahmad Hilmi Pasha, a member of the Higher Arab Commission.
In 1945 Sirhan established the "Arab Film Company" production studio together with Ahmad Hilmi al-Kilani. The company launched the feature film "Holiday Eve", which was followed by preparations for the next film "A Storm at Home". The films themselves were lost in 1948, when Sirhan had to flee Jaffa after the town was bombarded.
The second period: The epoch of silence, 1948–67.
The 1948 Palestinian exodus (known in Arabic as the Nakba) had a devastating effect on the Palestinian society, including its nascent film industry. Cinematic endeavours, requiring infrastructure, professional crews, and finance, nearly ceased for two decades. Individual Palestinian participated in the film-production of neighbouring countries. It is reported that Sirhan was involved with the production of the first Jordanian feature film, "The Struggle in Jarash," (1957), and another Palestinian, Abdallah Ka´wash, directed the second Jordanian feature film, "My Homeland, My Love", in 1964.
The third period: Cinema in exile, 1968–82.
After 1967 Palestinian cinema was founded under the auspices of the PLO, funded by Fatah and other Palestinian organisations like PFLP and DFLP. More than 60 films were made in this period, mostly documentaries. The first film festival dedicated to Palestinian films was held in Baghdad in 1973, and Baghdad also hosted the next two Palestinian film festivals, in 1976 and 1980. Mustafa Abu Ali was one of the early Palestinian film directors, and he helped found the Palestinian Cinema Association in Beirut in 1973. Only one dramatic movie was made during the period, namely "The return to Haifa" in 1982, an adaptation of a short novel by Ghassan Kanafani.
The film archives disappearance, 1982.
The different organisations set up archives for Palestinian films. The largest such archive was run by PLO's Film Foundation/Palestinian Film Unit. In 1982, when the PLO was forced out of Beirut, the archive was in storage (in the Red Crescenty Hospital), from where it "disappeared" under circumstances which are still unclear.
The fourth period: The return home, from 1980 to the present.
The 1996 drama/comedy "Chronicle of a Disappearance" received international critical acclaim, and it became the first Palestinian movie to receive national release in the United States. A break-out film for its genre, it won a "New Director's Prize" at the Seattle International Film Festival and a "Luigi De Laurentiis Award" at the Venice Film Festival. Notable film directors in this period are especially:
An international effort was launched in 2008 to reopen Cinema Jenin, a cinema located in the Jenin Refugee Camp.
In 2008, three Palestinian feature films and an estimated eight shorts were completed, more than ever before.
In 2010, Hamas, the governing authority in the Gaza Strip, announced the completion of a new film. Titled "The Great Liberation", the film depicts the destruction of Israel by Palestinians.
Currently in the Gaza Strip, all film projects must be approved by Hamas' Culture Ministry before they can be screened in public. Independent filmmakers have claimed that the Culture Ministry cracks down on content not conforming to Hamas edicts. In a notable 2010 case, Hamas banned the short film "Something Sweet", directed by Khalil al-Muzzayen, which was submitted at the Cannes Film Festival. Hamas banned it from being shown locally due to a four-second scene where a woman is shown with her hair uncovered. In 2011, a film festival hosted by the Gaza Women's Affairs Center which included documentaries and fictional pieces on women's issues, but the Culture Ministry censored numerous scenes. One film had to remove a scene where a woman lowered one shoulder of her dress, and another had to remove a scene of a man swearing.

</doc>
<doc id="9763173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763173" title="Henry Woronicz">
Henry Woronicz

Henry Woronicz (born 1954) is an American actor, director, and producer who was formerly the artistic director of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival from 1991 to 1995. He was an actor and resident director there starting in 1984. In addition to his work at OSF, he has acted and directed in many other theaters, and has extensive film and TV credits.
Biography.
Early life.
Woronicz was born in Northampton, Massachusetts. He is of Polish and Irish descent. He graduated from Bridgewater State College in 1976, with a BA in Communication Arts and Sciences. He acted and directed at Boston Shakespeare Company, Utah Shakespearean Festival, Berkeley Repertory Theatre, American Conservatory Theater, Los Angeles Theatre Center and others before going to the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in 1984.
Oregon Shakespeare Festival years.
Before he became artistic director he spent seven years at Oregon Shakespeare Festival acting in many roles: as Petruchio in The Taming of the Shrew and the title roles in many productions, including "Peer Gynt", "Cyrano de Bergerac", and "Henry VIII". His early directing credits included "Romeo and Juliet", "Henry IV, part 2", "Other People's Money", ""Master Harold"...and the Boys", and "Sea Marks". In 1991 he followed Jerry Turner as OSF's third artistic director. After assuming the role of artistic director, Woronicz continued to act and direct. During those years he directed Pravda, "Hamlet", "The Rehearsal", "Cymbeline", and "All's Well That Ends Well". He was artistic director from 1991 to 1995.
Recent work.
In 2005 Woronicz appeared on Broadway in "Julius Caesar" at the Belasco Theatre. In 2006 he directed "Pericles, Prince of Tyre" at the Illinois Shakespeare Festival and "Coriolanus" in 2007 at the Utah Shakespearean Festival. He played Leontes in "The Winter's Tale" at the American Repertory Theatre in Cambridge, MA and has appeared in plays at the Indiana Repertory Theatre, Actors Theatre of Louisville, and the American Players Theatre. In 2009 he served in a consulting capacity as the Executive Producer of the Lake Tahoe Shakespeare Festival, producing productions of "Measure For Measure" and "Much Ado About Nothing "at the Festival's amphitheater in Sand Harbor State Park, on the shores of Lake Tahoe. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Woronicz was on the faculty of the School of Theatre and Dance at Illinois State University, where he served as the Head of Graduate Acting.
Film and television credits.
He has acted in films and television shows from 1991 to the present. The films in which he has acted include "Primary Colors", "Living Out Loud", and "Little Pieces". Television credits include parts in "Seinfeld", "Ally McBeal", "Ed", "Frasier", "Moesha", "3rd Rock from the Sun", "Cheers", "Picket Fences", "Third Watch", ', ', and "Law & Order".
External links.
Information from the archives of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival, used with the permission of Amy Richard, Media Relations, OSF: media@osfashland.org.

</doc>
<doc id="9763211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763211" title="Our Lady of the Sacred Heart High School (Coraopolis)">
Our Lady of the Sacred Heart High School (Coraopolis)

Our Lady of the Sacred Heart High School is a private Catholic high school in Moon Township, Pennsylvania. Located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh, it is a ministry of the Felician Sisters. Among students and in colloquial terms, it is referred to as OLSH .
History.
OLSH opened its doors in September 1932 to girls in the ninth and tenth grades. Some of the students studied to enter the sisterhood; others came from nearby communities. Eventually provisions were made for boarders as well. By the late sixties, the aspirancy and the boarding facilities were phased out and OLSH was ready to enter a new era.
In 1970, with the permission of the diocese of Pittsburgh and the approval of the administration of the Felician Sisters, the first boys were admitted to OLSH. The years that followed have seen a steady increase in numbers and in programs and activities for both young men and women at OLSH.
The 1979 Supreme Court decision upholding free transportation for non-public school students is significant in the history of the school in that it broadened the school's recruitment base. Currently students from 29 different school districts come together to form the OLSH community.
Location.
OLSH is located on a campus in Coraopolis, about west of Pittsburgh.
Athletics.
The OLSH Athletic Program offers twenty interscholastic sports teams for students.
Spring sports.
Internet radio broadcasts of many OLSH athletic contests are provided by The OLSH Sports Network through the MSA Sports Network and can be accessed at www.msasports.net. Football, boys and girls basketball, girls volleyball, baseball, boys soccer and softball games have been broadcast since the Network's inception in 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="9763212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763212" title="Cole Field">
Cole Field

Tom Cole Field is a 1,200-seat baseball stadium located in Flint, Michigan. Located at Stan Broome Park, it is the home of the Mott Community College Bears baseball team. 
The stadium is also used for high school and amateur baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="9763246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763246" title="Alabama State Route 91">
Alabama State Route 91

State Route 91 is a route located entirely in Cullman County. The southern terminus of the route is at its junction with State Route 69 at Wilburn, a small unincorporated community in the southwestern part of the county that is also known as Bug Tussle. The northern terminus of the route is at its junction with U.S. Highway 278 at Holly Pond.
Route description.
SR-91 is a two-lane route that travels through rural areas of Cullman County. Although it is signed as a northbound route, the first eight miles (13 km) of the route from its southern terminus actually travel in southeastwardly direction. At Arkadelphia, the route takes a virtual 90-degree turn to the left and assumes a northeastwardly trajectory, which it maintains for the duration of the route.
SR-91 junctions Interstate 65 eleven miles (18 km) southwest of Hanceville, and provides a connecting route for motorists heading to and from this town. Our Lady of the Angels Monastery, founded by Mother Angelica, is located near SR-91 between I-65 and Hanceville.
Much of the route between Wilburn and Interstate 65 is a narrow winding road thru hilly rural terrain. In some places, the road is actually substandard for it to be a numbered state route. However, from I-65 north and east the roadway is substantially better and contains less sharp turns and short sightlines.

</doc>
<doc id="9763251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763251" title="Dome Car Magic">
Dome Car Magic

Dome Car Magic: A History of Railroad Dome Cars is a 2006 American television production that chronicles the history of the railroad sightseeing cars, from Burlington's 1945 "Silver Dome" to the full-length models operating today in Canada and Alaska.
The 30-minute program, narrated by television actor and railroad owner Michael Gross, debuted in 2006 on the PBS television network.
Synopsis.
Archival film footage shows the many famous North American trains that operated dome cars. They include the "Empire Builder", "Super Chief", "North Coast Limited", "Daylight", "Capitol Limited", "Denver Zephyr", "City of Los Angeles", "Canadian" and the "California Zephyr".
The documentary consists of interviews with seasoned travelers and rail historians, plus images of present-day dome cars on a variety of dinner and cruise trains—including the newest "bi-level" domes used in Alaska and Canada. These are the cars are in use by American Orient Express, Holland America, Princess Tours, Alaska Railroad, Royal Caribbean and Rocky Mountaineer Railtours.
Chapters.
Chapters of the film include:
Home media.
DVD.
"Dome Car Magic" was edited at MediaPro Denver and released on DVD by China Concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="9763309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763309" title="Goose Lake Prairie State Natural Area">
Goose Lake Prairie State Natural Area

Goose Lake Prairie State Natural Area is a state park and listed state nature preserve. More than half of the state park is a tallgrass prairie maintained as a natural area of Illinois. It is located in Grundy County near the town of Morris, approximately southwest of Chicago.
Ecosystem.
The Goose Lake region formed in the post-Wisconsin glaciation period as a flat, wet area dominated by layers of sand and silt laid down by postglacial outwash. The Des Plaines River and Kankakee River converge near here to form the Illinois River.
Until heavily exploited for its natural resources during the 19th and early 20th centuries, the Goose Lake area was a stable wetland, with swathes of prairie grass surrounding the shallow "Goose Lake". The region is in the Central forest-grasslands transition ecoregion.
The Goose Lake area has historically been a favorite place for hunting, fishing, and gathering, with geese, ducks, and other waterfowl; a wide variety of fish and shellfish; and wet-footed game such as beaver and muskrat.
History.
While the flat, alluvial soil of this riparian bottomland was intensely fertile, the lack of adequate drainage made the land of the Goose Lake country unsuitable for subdivision for agriculture. A different fate awaited much of it.
The poorly drained sediment under and adjacent to Goose Lake was rich in clay. Starting as early as the 1820s, the sticky clay was extensively dug by settlers. Some of them were trained potters; they fired the clay in kilns to create pieces of earthenware for frontier farm and household needs. The potters' settlement was called "Jugtown", and the road to the park's visitor center is called "Jugtown Road" to this day. A few pieces of "Jugtown" earthenware have been saved by collectors, and some of the larger claypits can be seen today. Frontiersmen also dug ditches through the clay to partly drain the wet prairie for pastureland. Soil too damp for crops could be used for cattle.
Local drainage activity peaked in 1890, when local farmers formed a drainage district and cooperated to drain Goose Lake. The area's defining geographical feature disappeared and was replaced by damp farmland and wet pastureland. The drainage was a partial failure; if it had been a success, the remaining patches of prairie would have disappeared under the plow. Today, the park's "Marsh Loop Trail" passes over part of the bed of the vanished lake.
Underneath the clay were thin veins of coal, dug from the beginning by the farmers and potters for local use. In the second half of the 1800s, regional coal mining increased to supply fuel to the growing city of Chicago. The main line of the Santa Fe Railroad was built adjacent to the prairie land, and the mines built spur tracks into the coal field to haul the coal to customers. Industrial strip mining, with motorized shovels, began in 1928. The miners left piles of tailings in the southern section of the remaining prairie, further altering the landscape.
The area was further altered after World War II with the construction of two great electrical generating plants, the coal-burning Collins Station and the nuclear-powered Dresden Nuclear Power Plant (1960). The Collins plant was constructed in conjunction with an adjacent artificial pond, Heidecke Lake, dug to serve as a cooling pond for the generating plant. Heidecke Lake today serves as much of the northern boundary of Goose Lake Prairie. Ironically, the hand of man had destroyed one lake in the Illinois River bottomland, Goose Lake, and then created another, Heidecke Lake.
Today.
The first of Goose Lake was purchased by Illinois for nature preservation purposes in 1969. The addition of additional parcels created the present-day Goose Lake Prairie State Natural Area. The remaining patches of tallgrass prairie had been extensively altered by human activity during the preceding 150 years, but active management began to re-knit these patches into a unified swathe of natural grassland.
Unlike many of Illinois's state parks, Goose Lake Prairie is not primarily managed for hunting; visitors are encouraged to enjoy a tallgrass prairie ecosystem, dominated by grasses such as big bluestem, Indian grass, and switchgrass, and by flowering forbs such as compass plants, coneflowers, goldenrod, shooting stars, and violets. The state park's workers and managers maintain a seven-mile network of trails throughout the park. Some of the park's patches of mature grassland sprout blades up to eight feet in height.
The patches of old-growth tallgrass prairie that have survived to the present day serve as a biotic refuge for many species that can live nowhere else, especially prairie-endemic moths and butterflies. Some rare prairie plants are especially adapted to feed and be fertilized by equally rare prairie insects. Lepidopterists have found the papaipema moth, previously thought to be extinct, fluttering about Goose Lake Prairie's forbs and flowers.
The Cragg Cabin, a c. 1838 log cabin originally built in nearby Mazon, Illinois, has been relocated to Goose Lake Prairie as a tribute to the frontier heritage of the "Prairie State".
Together with the nearby Midewin National Tallgrass Prairie, Goose Lake Prairie is a reminder of the tens of thousands of acres of tallgrass prairie that once lived in Illinois.
Goose Lake Prairie has been listed as an "Important Bird Area of Illinois".
Goose Lake Prairie State Natural Area is accessible from Exit 240 on Interstate 55.

</doc>
<doc id="9763310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763310" title="Hilton family">
Hilton family

The Hilton family is a prominent American family founded by hotel magnate Conrad Hilton (1887–1979). His descendants continue to hold varying degrees of wealth and status as socialites.
Family tree.
The Hilton family farmed land in Kløfta, Ullensaker, Norway, where relatives still live.

</doc>
<doc id="9763317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763317" title="Sterility assurance level">
Sterility assurance level

Sterility assurance level (SAL) is the probability of a single unit being non-sterile after it has been subjected to sterilization.
For example, medical device manufacturers design their sterilization processes for an extremely low SAL—i.e., "one in a million" devices should be nonsterile. SAL also describes the killing efficacy of a sterilization process. A very effective sterilization process has a very low SAL.
In microbiology it is impossible to prove that all organisms have been destroyed, because they could merely be undetectable. There are two causes for this:
Therefore SALs are used to describe the probability that a given sterilization process has destroyed all of the microorganisms.
Terminology.
Mathematically, SALs referring to probability are usually very small numbers, and thus are properly expressed as negative exponents. For example, "The SAL of this process is 10 to the minus six". SALs referring to the sterilization efficacy are usually much larger numbers and so are properly expressed as positive exponents ("The SAL of this process is 10 to the six"). In this usage, the negative effect of the process is sometimes inferred by using the word "reduction" (i.e., "This process gives a six-log reduction").
Because of this ambiguity, it is important to define SAL terminology before setting standards.
SALs can be used to describe the microbial population that was destroyed by the sterilization process. Each log reduction (10−1) represents a 90% reduction in microbial population. A process that achieves a "6-log reduction" (10−6) will theoretically reduce a population from one million organisms to very close to zero. It is common to employ overkill cycles to provide the greatest assurance of sterility for critical products such as implantable devices.
SALs describing the "Probability of a Non-Sterile Unit" are expressed more specifically in some literature.

</doc>
<doc id="9763325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763325" title="François Coulon de Villiers">
François Coulon de Villiers

François Coulon de Villiers (1712 – 22 May 1794) was a French military officer from an influential military family in the French and Indian War and then an influential officer in the New Spain community of New Orleans.
Overview.
He was born in Verchères, Quebec, the son of Nicolas-Antoine Coulon de Villiers and Angelique Jarret de Verchères. In 1744, he was the first commandant of Fort de Cavagnal on the bluffs above the Missouri River, in what was then known as the Illinois country of upper Louisiana, near modern day Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. It was the furthest west of the French forts in Louisiana (New France).
A member of a military family, his brother Joseph Coulon de Jumonville was slaughtered while in custody of George Washington in what has been called the Battle of Jumonville Glen in 1754. The incident ignited the French and Indian War/Seven Years' War. Another of his brothers, Louis Coulon de Villiers, defeated Washington in the next battle of the campaign in the Battle of the Great Meadows. It marked the only time Washington had to sue for peace in battle.
Villiers served in many of battles of the war, including the Battle of Fort Duquesne. He was captured in the Battle of Fort Niagara, and had to be exchanged.
After its ultimate defeat in the war, France ceded Louisiana to Spain in the Treaty of Paris (1763). From that time on, Villiers served in various capacities for New Spain, including commandant at Fort St. Jean-Baptiste at Natchitoches in lower Louisiana, and Alcalde for New Orleans, Louisiana.
He died May 22, 1794 in New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="9763360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763360" title="Cosmic Odyssey (documentary)">
Cosmic Odyssey (documentary)

Cosmic Odyssey is a 2002 documentary television series about the cosmos, created by Avanti Pictures, narrated by William Shatner, and produced by Soapbox Entertainment for The Discovery Channel. In 2003, Schlessinger Media released the series in VHS video format. As of 2007, the series is syndicated on The Science Channel.
"..."Cosmic Odyssey" tells the stories behind the science of astronomy in an informative and entertaining way. Fast-paced and visually rich, viewers journey to exotic destinations within our solar system and beyond! From moons and planets to comets and asteroids, this series features scientists on the cutting edge as they investigate cosmic mysteries, including the birth and death of stars, the structure of the universe and the search for extraterrestrial life. Each program includes a Teacher's Guide."

</doc>
<doc id="9763363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763363" title="Pelican Butte">
Pelican Butte

Pelican Butte is a steep-sided dormant shield volcano in the Cascade Range of southern Oregon. It is located due south of Crater Lake and northeast of Mount McLoughlin, and rises over directly above the shore of Upper Klamath Lake. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain, forming a steep bowl which is popular in winter with backcountry skiers and snowmobilers. Several proposals have been made over the last few decades for ski area development on the northeast flanks, but none have achieved the regulatory approval from the United States Forest Service necessary to proceed with construction. If the ski area is ever built, its skiable vertical of over would be the largest in Oregon exceeding the of Timberline Lodge ski area on Mount Hood.
A Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in 1935, and upgraded several times over the ensuing decades. It was replaced in 1986 with a modern steel tower, which remains to this day and is festooned with a large array of microwave and radio antennas. A long dirt road zigzags up the west flanks of the volcano to the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="9763377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763377" title="Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy">
Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy

"Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy" is an interview series shown on BBC Four. In the series, Dawn French interviewed some of the most prolific comedians of the century from Phyllis Diller to Catherine Tate and asked about life, love, family and comedy. The series was shown as three episodes featuring clips from French's various interviews with different comedians, however, from 25 to 30 December 2006 BBC Four showed six full interviews of 20–30 minutes[http://www.bbc.co.uk/comedy/dawnfrench/]. They are (in order of re-broadcast on BBC Four) Whoopi Goldberg, Catherine Tate, Kathy Burke, Julie Walters, Victoria Wood and Joan Rivers. This is one of the last interviews done with the late comedienne, Linda Smith. Each episode ends with a tribute to Linda Smith.
It was followed in 2007 by "Dawn French's Boys Who Do Comedy".

</doc>
<doc id="9763391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763391" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom

Men's Slalom World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Men's Slalom World Cup 1989/90 all results count.
Men's Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9763393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763393" title="Cyclorama Building at Gettysburg">
Cyclorama Building at Gettysburg

The Cyclorama Building at Gettysburg was an historic modernist concrete and glass Mission 66 building dedicated November 19, 1962 by the National Park Service (NPS) to serve as a Gettysburg Battlefield visitor center, to exhibit the 1883 Paul Philippoteaux Battle of Gettysburg cyclorama and other artifacts, and to provide an observation deck (replacing the 1896 Zeigler's Grove observation tower).
History.
Richard Neutra was awarded the design, and began work in 1958. Design requirements included a central park administration office, and space for the cyclorama painting previously held remotely at Baltimore Road. 
Orndorff Construction Company, Inc., won the construction contract with a bid of $687,349, in 1959.
In 1998, the Keeper of the National Register of Historic Places noted that the building possessed "exceptional historic and architectural significance." Funding requests to rehabilitate the Cyclorama Building were denied in 1993 and 1996, i.e., $2.7M in 1993 for roof removal/replacement, asbestos ceiling removal, patching cracks and treating masonry, and efficient redesign of interior. On September 24, 1998, the Keeper of the National Register of Historic Places determined the "Cyclorama Building was eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places", reversing conclusions by the National Park Service in December 1995 and the Pennsylvania State Historic Preservation Officer in May 1996. In 1999, the U.S. Commission of Fine Arts opposed its demolition.
In 2005, the Gettysburg Cyclorama was removed for restoration (reopened in the Gettysburg Museum and Visitor Center in 2007), and the Cyclorama Building was closed to the public.
After the building was not added to the National Register of Historic Places, in 2010, a U.S. District court judge ruled for the Recent Past Preservation Network (Plaintiff) that the NPS "had failed to comply with federal law requiring it to analyze the effect of the Cyclorama Center demolition and come up with alternatives to destroying it."
In August 2012, the court-ordered NPS study concluded that "the best course of action would be to demolish the Cyclorama Building that has stood in the park for 50 years." In January 2013, the Park Service announced plans to demolish the building during the winter of 2013. In February 2013, there was a protest.
In March 2013, the building was demolished. The National Trust for Historic Preservation cited the site as one of ten historic sites lost in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9763415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763415" title="Maay language">
Maay language

Maay Maay (also known as "Af-Maay", "Af-Maymay", "Rahanween", "Rahanweyn", or simply "Maay") is a member of the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family and is written using the Latin script. It is spoken mostly in Somalia and adjacent parts of Ethiopia and Kenya. Its speakers are known as Sab Somalis. The center of the language is around Baidoa.
Overview.
Somali linguistic varieties are divided into three main groups: Northern, Benadir and Maay. Northern Somali (or Northern-Central Somali) forms the basis for Standard Somali.
Maay is principally spoken by the Digil and Mirifle (Rahanweyn or Sab) clans in the southern regions of Somalia. Its speech area extends from the southwestern border with Ethiopia to a region close to the coastal strip between Mogadishu and Kismayo, including the city of Baidoa. Maay is not mutually comprehensible with Northern Somali or Benadir, and it differs considerably in sentence structure and phonology. It is also not generally used in education or media. However, Maay speakers often use Standard Somali as a lingua franca, which is learned via mass communications, internal migration and urbanization.
Maay is closely related with the Jiido, Dabarre, Garre and Tunni languages that are also spoken by smaller Rahanweyn communities. Collectively, these languages present similarities with Oromo that are not found in mainstream Somali. Chief among these is the lack of pharyngeal sounds in the Rahanweyn/Digil and Mirifle languages, features which by contrast typify Somali. The retroflex is also replaced by in some positions. Although in the past frequently classified as dialects of Somali, more recent research by the linguist Mohamed Diriye Abdullahi has shown that these varieties, including Maay, constitute separate Cushitic languages. They may thus represent traces of an Oromo substratum in the southern Rahanweyn confederacy.
Grammar.
Sounds.
Maay Maay exhibits significant amounts of epenthesis, inserting central or high-central vowels to break up consonant clusters. Vowel length is contrastive; minimal pairs such as "bur" 'flour' and "buur" 'mountain' are attested.
Words.
Maay Maay is fairly agglutinative. It has complex verb forms, inflecting at least for tense/aspect and person/number of both subject and object. There is also a prefix indicating negation. In addition, verbs exhibit derivational morphology, including a causative and an applicative. Nominal morphology includes a definiteness suffix, whose form depends on the gender of the head noun, and possessive suffixes.
Sentences.
Maay Maay exhibits SVO and SOV word orders, apparently in fairly free variation. When the object is postverbal, the prefix "maay" appears on the verb. Within the noun phrase, the head noun is generally initial. Possessors, adjectives and some strong quantifiers follow the head noun. Numerals and the indefinite quantifier precede the head noun.

</doc>
<doc id="9763441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763441" title="Hoàng Cơ Minh">
Hoàng Cơ Minh

Hoàng Cơ Minh (1935-1987) was the first chairman of the Việt Tân (Vietnam Reform Party). He was elected on September 10, 1982, when Viet Tan was founded. He was considered, among the expatriate Vietnamese, the leader of the anti-communist resistance against the Vietnamese government.
Life.
Hoàng Cơ Minh was born in Hanoi, Vietnam, in 1935. He graduated in mathematics from the University of Hanoi in 1954. He then joined the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) where he was a decorated officer. He was known as an incorruptible leader and rose quickly in the Republic of Vietnam Navy, where he became commodore-admiral. 
After the Fall of Saigon in 1975, Hoàng Cơ Minh established the foundations for a long-term democracy movement against the Vietnamese communist regime. In 1982 he founded Việt Tân (Vietnam Reform Party) along the Thai-Lao border and was elected as first chairman. 
Hoàng Cơ Minh died in August 1987, while attempting to enter Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="9763456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763456" title="Annia Aurelia Galeria Faustina">
Annia Aurelia Galeria Faustina

Annia Aurelia Galeria Faustina (30 November 147-after 165) was the eldest child of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius and his wife, Faustina the Younger. Her younger sister was Lucilla and her younger brother was Commodus. Her maternal grandparents were Antoninus Pius and Faustina the Elder, while her paternal grandparents were Domitia Lucilla and praetor Marcus Annius Verus. She was born and raised in Rome.
The parents of Galeria Faustina betrothed her to Gnaeus Claudius Severus, whom she later married after 159. Gnaeus Claudius Severus was a Roman Senator of Pontian Greek descent that came from Pompeiopolis, a city in the Roman province of Galatia. After Galeria Faustina married Claudius Severus, they had settled in Pompeiopolis. Galeria Faustina bore Claudius Severus, a son called Tiberius Claudius Severus Proculus, who served as consul in 200.

</doc>
<doc id="9763515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763515" title="Jan Hofmeyr">
Jan Hofmeyr

Jan Hofmeyr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9763533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763533" title="Carl J. Wiggers">
Carl J. Wiggers

Carl J. Wiggers (May 28, 1883 – April 28, 1963), famous for his heart and blood-pressure research, was born in Davenport, Iowa to George and Margret Kuendal Wiggers, graduated from the University of Michigan with a M.D. in 1906, and attended the Institute of Physiology at the University of Munich. He was an instructor of physiology at the University of Michigan (1906–11), and assistant professor at Cornell University Medical School (1911–18). From 1918-53, he was professor and chairman of the Dept. of Physiology at Western Reserve University Medical School that became known as Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. Wiggers achieved world recognition for developing a new method of registering heart and blood pressure, finding the effects of low oxygen pressure on circulation, discovering the effects of valve defects on the heart, studying the effects of shock, and his pioneering efforts along with Dr. Claude Beck and others in techniques of resuscitation from death in the operating room. He is perhaps most famous for his authoring of the Wiggers diagram, a diagram commonly used in teaching of cardiovascular research. After retiring as professor emeritus in 1953, Wiggers joined the Frank Bunts Institute of the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, taking part in postgraduate training for student doctors and in medical and scientific seminars. Wiggers established and was the first editor of the medical journal Circulation Research and authored 7 books and over 300 articles. In 1952 he received the Gold Heart Award from the American Heart Association. In 1954 he received the Modern Medicine Award, and in 1955 the Albert Lasker Award for distinguished research in cardiovascular research.
Wiggers married Minnie E. Berry in 1907 and had 2 sons, Harold and Raymond.

</doc>
<doc id="9763534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763534" title="Freese-Notis">
Freese-Notis

The Freese-Notis Weather company, commonly known as Freese-Notis, is a weather forecasting corporation. Headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa, United States, it has a global presence in the fields of meteorology, analytics, and related services, and also provides Internet Access DSL and Web hosting services. The company strengths for natural gas and energy markets now creates forecasts spanning industries such as media and web content found in the United States and foreign countries.
Company history.
Charlie Notis and Harvey Freese both were students at Iowa State University in 1973. The company originated on the Iowa State University campus in nearby Ames while they were post-grad students at Iowa State during the 1973 oil crisis. 
The partnership was formalized on May 1, 1973 with a typewriter as its first piece of office equipment and acted as collateral for shares of stock. A friend of Harvey and Charlie suggest to name the enterprise "Freese-Notis Weather." 
During the first couple years of existence, some of the radio listeners during the summer months would get confused when the radio announcer would introduce the Freese-Notis forecast that some thought was a "freeze-notice" forecast. 
In 1995 Quote.com became one of the early users of content written by meteorologists highlighting weather with commodity symbols for easy access by traders. Shortly after that, both sponsored and subscriber based web pages were added to "Successful Farming" magazine's site, through the portal for the agribusiness and producer audience. Doppler weather radar imaging for the site called InterRAD provided a national, regional and local views across the contiguous states plus the District of Columbia but geared to the farmer. The service evolved to a second generation even more tuned to use with web portals after the year 2000 to included mobile applications and other kinds of weather map displays. 
In 1995, other web sites added sponsored content pieces and subscription services. The Azurix company added content from Freese-Notis containing weather information related to water consumption and use. Irrigation users of the Azurix web site had a perspective on risk management with Freese-Notis weather providing a series of maps outlining the trends for their operations. Freese-Notis had also been the recipients of Christmas Baskets from Enron trading for appreciation of their weather forecasting services multiple times, even in 2001 making the final cut despite the troubles within that firm.
The general model later switched to either advertising based or sponsor based types of web content. Only the site Energy.net and Hoovers remain for subscriber access in the current form of the Internet with paid contract access.

</doc>
<doc id="9763542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763542" title="Take Five Live">
Take Five Live

Take Five Live is a 1961 live album by the American jazz singer Carmen McRae, focusing on the songs composed by Dave Brubeck. This was McRae's second album with Brubeck, their first, "Tonight Only with the Dave Brubeck Quartet" was released in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="9763552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763552" title="50th Space Communications Squadron">
50th Space Communications Squadron

The 50th Space Communications Squadron (50 SCS) is a squadron of the United States Air Force located at Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado. The squadron provides command and control systems, configuration control, and systems integrations for seven Department of Defense space programs including $6.2 billion Air Force Satellite Control Network supporting $50 billion in national satellite and terrestrial systems for United States, allied, and coalition forces.
The squadron operates and maintains 22 Defense Information Systems Agency nodes providing secure and unsecure voice and data communications for over 485 worldwide sites as well as over $100 million in base infrastructure supporting over 8,900 personnel.
The 50 SCS has been operating and maintaining Global Broadcast Service (GBS) since February 2009 and is working on transitioning it to a new Defense Enterprise Computing Center architecture.
50 SCS manages Air Force Space Command's Global Command and Control System.
The squadron administers the MAJCOM Communications Coordination Center overseeing command and control of AFSPC-wide mission-unique communications as well as operating and maintaining the command's Global Command and Control System and Space Digital Information Network.
When the 850th Space Communications Squadron was inactivated on January 31, 2006, most of its functions and personnel were incorporated into 50 SCS.
Decorations.
Air Force Outstanding Unit Award:
Emblem.
Description (blazon).
Azure gridlined as a globe Argent, a gauntlet issuant from sinister base bendwise Silver Gray issuing a lightning flash between two arcing lightning flashes bendwise Or; all within a diminished bordure Sable. Attached above the disc a Gray scroll edged with a narrow Black border. Attached below the disc a Gray scroll edged with a narrow Black border and inscribed "COMM FOR THE WARFIGHTER" in Black letters.
Significance.
Blue and yellow are the Air Force colors. Blue alludes to the sky, the primary theater of Air Force operations. Yellow refers to the sun and the excellence required of Air Force personnel. The globe represents the earth. The gauntlet denotes power and the flexibility of space communications. The lightning bolts symbolize communications through teamwork and unity which result in swift and accurate striking power.

</doc>
<doc id="9763557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763557" title="Indoor water park">
Indoor water park

An indoor water park is a type of water park that is located inside a building. An indoor water park has the ability to stay open year-round, as it is not affected by weather conditions.
History.
The first ever indoor water park was built in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in 1985 at the West Edmonton Mall. It is called the World Waterpark and is over making it the worlds largest indoor waterpark. It was a success for the mall. The first indoor water park in Europe was built in Blackpool in 1986. It is called the Sandcastle Water Park (Blackpool).
The first indoor water park in the U.S. was built in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin at the Polynesian Hotel. They built it in 1994 so it could make the Dells a "year round destination", as the Wisconsin Dells tourist season was from Memorial Day to Labor Day before it was built.
The indoor water park Craze.
Since the opening of the first park, the indoor water park business has become increasingly more popular, especially for the Edmonton area in Canada, and in the Wisconsin Dells in the U.S., which proclaims itself as the "water park capital of the world". The Dells has five Water park Resorts that have at least one water park bigger than . This includes the Kalahari Resort (Wisconsin's Largest Indoor Water Park), Chula Vista Resort (Lost Rios), Great Wolf Lodge, Wilderness Territory (Wild West, Klondike Kavern, Wild WaterDome), and the Hotel Rome at Mt. Olympus. Wisconsin has the most indoor water parks in one state. Other states in the U.S., especially in the midwest, are building more indoor water parks separate or to existing hotels so they can become a year-round destination. More water parks are also being built in Canada, Europe and Asia. Tropical Islands Resort (Krausnick-Groß Wasserburg, Germany) with an area of 66,000 m² (710,000 sq feet) is currently the largest indoor water park in the world.
Features.
Most major indoor water parks over 50,000 sq ft (the average size for an indoor water park in July 2008) have: 
North American indoor water parks.
Top 30 largest indoor water parks in North America.
1. Wilderness Territory's 3 indoor water parks in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin (240,000 sq ft total & North America's Largest Indoor Water Park Resort by Total Water Park Square Footage")
2. World Waterpark in Edmonton, Alberta (217,000 sq ft & is North America's/Canada's Largest Indoor Water Park under one roof, the first one ever built)
3. Kalahari Resort's Water Park in Sandusky, Ohio (173,000 sq ft total & Largest Indoor Water Park in U.S. under one roof)
4. Fallsview Indoor Waterpark Resort in Niagara Falls, Ontario (125,000 sq ft)
4A. Kalahari Resort's Water Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin (125,000 sq ft)
5. Great Wolf Lodge Water Park in Niagara Falls, Ontario (103,000 sq ft)
6. Splash Lagoon in Erie, Pennsylvania (102,000 sq ft)
7. Avalanche Bay Indoor Water Park at Boyne Mountain in Boyne Falls, Michigan (88,000 sq ft)
8. Great Wolf Lodge Indoor Water Park in Concord, North Carolina (81,000 sq ft)
9. Chula Vista Resort's Lost Rios Indoor Water Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin (80,000 sq ft)
10. Great Wolf Lodge Indoor Water Park in Grapevine, Texas (80,000 sq ft)
11. Great Wolf Lodge Indoor Water Park at the Pocono Mountains in Scotrun, Pennsylvania (78,000 sq ft)
12. Great Wolf Lodge Indoor Water Park at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio (78,000 sq ft) 
13. Great Wolf Lodge 3 Water Parks in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin (76,000 sq ft total)
14. Wilderness at the Smokies's (Owned by Wisconsin Dells' Wilderness Resort) Indoor Water Park in Sevierville, Tennessee (75,000 sq ft)
15. Water Park of America in Bloomington, Minnesota (70,000 sq ft)
16. Great Wolf Lodge Indoor Water Park in Williamsburg, Virginia (67,000 sq ft)
17. KeyLime Cove's Indoor Water Park in Gurnee, Illinois (65,000 sq ft)
18. CoCo Key Water Resort at the Crowne Plaza Boston North Shore in Danvers, Massachusetts (65,000 sq ft)
19. CoCo Key Water Resort at the Holiday Inn Omaha Convention Center in Omaha, Nebraska (65,000 sq ft)
20. Great Wolf Lodge Indoor Water Park in Grand Mound, Washington (60,000 sq ft)
21. Wild Bear Falls Indoor Water Park in Gatlinburg, Tennessee (60,000 sq ft)
22. Fort Rapids Waterpark Resort in Columbus, Ohio (60,000 sq ft)
23. Sahara Sam's Oasis Indoor Water Park in West Berlin, New Jersey (58,000 sq ft)
24. CoCo Key Water Resort at the Courtyard by Marriott in Fitchburg, Massachusetts (55,000 sq ft)
25. CoCo Key Water Resort at the Holiday Inn Sports Complex Hotel in Kansas City, Missouri (55,000 sq ft)
26. H2Oasis Indoor Waterpark in Anchorage, Alaska (55,000 sq ft)
27. Medusa's Indoor Waterpark at Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park in Wisconsin Dells (55,000 sq ft)
28. CoCo Key Water Resort at The Hotel ML in Mount Laurel, New Jersey (55,000 sq ft)
29. Caribbean Cove Indoor Waterpark in Indianapolis, Indiana (50,000 sq ft)
30. CoCo Key Water Resort at the Crowne Plaza Cincinnati North Hotel in Cincinnati, Ohio(50,000 sq ft)
31. Grand Lodge by Stoney Creek Resorts in Rothschild, Wisconsin (50,000 sq ft)

</doc>
<doc id="9763569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763569" title="Mental Health Review Tribunal of New South Wales">
Mental Health Review Tribunal of New South Wales

The Mental Health Review Tribunal of New South Wales is a specialist tribunal dealing with mental health issues in New South Wales, a state of Australia. It has exclusive jurisdiction in terms of most mental health issues, although it may share jurisdiction on some issue with other courts, such as the Supreme Court of New South Wales. The tribunal came into existence on 3 September 1990.
Constitution.
The tribunal is established under the Mental Health Act 2007 (NSW). The act gives the tribunal a wide range of powers deal with the treatment and care of people with a mental illness.
The Governor of New South Wales may appoint a president of the tribunal. The president is a full-time position and the office-holder is expected to devote the whole of their time to the role. The current president is Greg James.
The governor may also appoint deputy presidents of the tribunal. These roles may be full-time or part-time. At present, there are two deputy presidents appointed.
Presidents and deputy presidents must either be lawyers or former judicial officers.
The governor may also appoint members of the tribunal. These members can be either full-time or part-time members, although the tendency is to appoint part-time members. Members are usually appointed for a one year term page 2 Annual Review. Members are chosen because of their experience in mental health issues, and may be psychiatrists or persons with a suitable qualification or experience in the area. As at 31 December 2005 there were 103 part-time members, comprising 33 legal members, 31 psychiatrists and 39 other suitably qualified members page 12 annual report.
Jurisdiction.
The tribunal determines cases under the Mental Health Act 1990 (NSW). It may also have jurisdiction to deal with cases under other laws. The tribunal has jurisdiction in respect of:
themselves because of psychiatric disability.
Hearings.
The Tribunal conducts hearings in hospitals and community health centres throughout the Sydney, Wollongong, and Newcastle metropolitan regions, and also in Goulburn and Orange. The Tribunal conducts hearings for people living outside these areas either by videoconference or by telephone. 
A person may have a lawyer to represent him or her at a hearing. In some cases, non-lawyers can represent a person with the permission of the tribunal.
Caseload.
In 2005 the Tribunal conducted 9389 hearings page13.
Appeals.
In certain circumstances, an appeal may be lodged against the decision of the tribunal in either the Administrative Decisions Tribunal of New South Wales or the Supreme Court of New South Wales.
Possible Abolition.
The New South Wales Government enacted the Mental Health Act 2007 on 15 June 2007. When this law commences, the present tribunal constituted under the Mental Health Act 1990 will cease to exist, and a new tribunal under section 140 of the Mental Health Act 2007 will be created in its place. There is no indication at present when this new law will commence.

</doc>
<doc id="9763592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763592" title="Danvers Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Danvers Township, McLean County, Illinois

Danvers Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,925 and it contained 757 housing units.
History.
Danvers Township was named after Danvers, Massachusetts.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.89%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9763621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763621" title="Patriots Point War Dog Memorial">
Patriots Point War Dog Memorial

The Patriots Point War Dog Memorial is located on the aircraft carrier USS "Yorktown" at the Patriots Point Naval & Maritime Museum in Charleston, South Carolina. It commemorates the contributions of trained military dogs in wartime.

</doc>
<doc id="9763623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763623" title="Battle of Rajasthan">
Battle of Rajasthan

The Battle of Rajasthan was a battle (or series of battles), fought in 738 CE, where a Hindu alliance repelled invading Arab armies, and pushed the Arabs out the areas east of the Indus River. The final battle took place somewhere on the borders of modern-day Sindh and Rajasthan. Arab armies captured Sindh, but further expansion was contained after which the Arab army retreated to the western bank of the Indus river. The Hindu alliance consisted of the north Indian Emperor Nagabhata I of the Gurjara-Pratihara Dynasty, the south Indian Emperor Vikramaditya II of the Chalukya dynasty and many small Hindu kingdoms in the 8th century. The Muslim conquest of Persia by Arab forces in a short space of time gave Arabs the confidence to invade India which ended in failure.
Background.
With the break-up of the Gupta Empire (550 CE), northern India was controlled by warring states, which attempted to fill the vacuum created by the Guptas. Among these were Yasodharman of Malwa, the Maitrakas of Vallabhi, and Emperor Harshavardhana of Thanesar. Emperor Harshavardhana brought the whole of North India under his control in the 7th century. But by the early 8th century North India was once again divided into several kingdoms, the most powerful of which were the Gurjara Pratihara dynasty and the Pala dynasty. Sindh was controlled by the Brahmin King King Dahir of the Rai dynasty, although his kingdom too was convulsed by internal strife.
Meanwhile, Muslims had conquered much of West Asia. The Umayyad Caliphate attempted to conquer the frontier kingdoms of India - Kabul, Zabul, and Sindh - but were repulsed. However, in 712 Umayyad general Muhammad ibn Qasim, the nephew of Al-Hajjaj conquered Sindh. From Sindh, Umayyads attempted to expand into Punjab but were defeated by Lalitaditya of Kashmir and Yasovarman of Kannauj. Outside of Sindh, the Umayyads had not made any substantial gains in India.
Events leading up to the battle.
Junayd ibn Abd al-Rahman al-Murri, the successor of Muhammad ibn Qasim, subdued Hindu resistance in Sindh. Then he attacked the smaller kingdoms of Western India in early 730 CE. He divided his large force into two contingents and took several cities in southern Rajasthan, western Malwa, and Gujarat. According to Indian records, al-Murri was only successful against the smaller states in Gujarat, and was defeated at two places. The southern contingent moving south into Gujarat was defeated at Navsari by Avanijanashraya Pulakesi who was sent by Vikramaditya II, ruler of the South Indian Chalukya Empire. The eastern contingent was defeated after reaching Avanti, by its ruler Gurjara Pratihara Nagabhata I. According to Indian records the Umayyad armies were routed at the latter battle.
The Battle of Rajasthan.
Gauging at the seriousness of the situation as well as the power of the Arab forces, pratihara king, Nagabhata made pact with Jaysimha Varman of the Chalukya Empire. Jaysimha in turn sent his son Avanijanashraya Pulakesi to support Nagabhata. The two Dynasties of India supplemented the already fighting Hindu Mewar Kingdom, under Bappa Rawal, at the border of Rajasthan. 
The battle was fought between 5,000-6,000 Infantry and cavalry facing more than 30,000 Arabs. The Rajputs under Bappa Rawal managed to kill the Arab leader Emir Junaid during the war. This enhanced the morale of the Hindu forces while the Arabs disorganized and demoralized due to their leaders death retreated and were frequently attacked by local forces until they reached the Indus river taking great casualties.
Aftermath.
Junayd's successor Tamim ibn Zaid al-Utbi organized a fresh campaigns against Rajasthan but failed to hold any territories there. He would be further pushed across River Indus by the combined forces of the King of Kannauj, Nagabhata C.E. thus limiting the Arabs to the territory of Sindh across River Indus.
In the words of the Arab chronicler Suleiman, “a place of refuge to which the Muslims might flee was not to be found.” The Arabs crossed over to the other side of the River Indus, abandoning all their lands to the Indian kings. The local chieftains took advantage of these conditions to re-establish their independence. Subsequently the Arabs constructed the city of Mansurah on the other side of the wide and deep Indus, which was safe from attack. This became their new capital in Sindh.
Equipment and resources.
In the Gwalior inscription it is recorded that Nagabhata I “"crushed the large army of the powerful Mlechcha king".” This large army consisted of cavalry, infantry, siege artillery, and probably a force of camels. Since Tamin was a new governor he had a force of Syrian cavalry from Damascus, local Arab contingents, converted Hindus of Sindh, and foreign mercenaries like the Turks. All together the invading army have had anywhere between 50,000-60,000 men. In comparison the Indians had around 30,000-40,000 men.
The Arab chronicler Suleiman describes the army of the Imperial Gurjara Pratiharas as it stood in 851 CE; "The king of Gurjara Pratihara maintains numerous forces and no other Indian prince has so fine a cavalry. He is unfriendly to the Arabs, still he acknowledges that the king of the Arabs is the greatest of kings. Among the princes of India there is no greater foe of the Islamic faith than he. He has got riches, and his camels and horses are numerous".
But at the time of the Battle of Rajasthan the Gurjar Pratihars had only just risen to power. In fact Nagabhatta was their first prominent ruler. But the composition of his army, which was predominantly cavalry, is clear from the description. There are other anecdotal references to the Indian kings and commanders riding elephants to have a clear view of the battlefield. The infantry stood behind the elephants and the cavalry formed the wings and advanced guard.
Later events.
The Arabs in Sindh took a long time to recover from their defeat. In the early 9th Century the governor Bashar attempted an invasion of India but was defeated. Even a naval expedition sent by the Caliphs was defeated by the Saindhava clan of Kathiawar. After this the Arab chroniclers admit that the Caliph Mahdi, “"gave up the project of conquering any part of India'.”
The Arabs in Sindh lost all power and broke up into two warring Shia states of Mansurah and Multan, both of which paid tribute to the Gurjara Pratiharas. The local resistance in Sindh, which had not yet died out and was inspired by the victories of their Indian neighbors manifested itself when the foreign rulers were overthrown and Sindh came under its own dynasties like the Soomras and Sammas.
In the long term Sindh, becoming a Muslim state led to the spread of Islam in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9763636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763636" title="Milka Ternina">
Milka Ternina

Milka Ternina (née Katarina Milka Trnina, pronounced ; December 19, 1863 – May 18, 1941) was a Croatian dramatic soprano who enjoyed a high reputation in major American and European opera houses. Praised by audiences and music critics alike for the electrifying force of her acting and the excellence of her singing in both German and Italian works, her career was curtailed at its peak in 1906 by a medical condition which paralyzed a nerve in her face.
Career.
A native of Vezišće (part of Križ), the young Trnina (usually referred to as Milka Ternina in English-speaking countries) studied singing privately with Ida Winterberg in Zagreb and then with Joseph Gänsbacher at the conservatory in Vienna, graduating from his class in 1883 with a gold medal. She had made her operatic debut while still a student in Zagreb, singing Amelia in an 1882 production of Giuseppe Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera".
Ternina sang initially as a full-time professional performer in Leipzig and subsequently took up a position with the resident operatic company in Graz in 1884. She stayed there for two years, acquiring a useful knowledge of stagecraft and manifesting a burning devotion to opera as a serious art form.
The conductor Anton Seidl was impressed by Ternina's potential and he recommended her to replace another acclaimed dramatic soprano, Katharina Klafsky, at the Bremen opera theatre. While in Bremen, she participated in a production of Richard Wagner's Ring Cycle (her first). In 1890, she was engaged by the Munich Royal Opera, where, over the next few years, she consolidated her reputation as a top-class singer and distinguished herself as an outstanding exponent of Wagnerian music dramas. She excelled, too, as Beethoven's Leonore. 
Ternina's North American debut took place in Boston in 1896, when she sang Brünnhilde in "Die Walküre" with the Damrosch Opera Company. In 1898, she appeared for the first time in opera in London, performing Isolde in "Tristan und Isolde". She would continue to appear at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, until 1906, achieving a total of 98 appearances there in a variety of operas.
Ternina appeared at the 1899 Bayreuth Festival in the role of Kundry in "Parsifal". According to Oxford's concise operatic dictionary, this would prove to be her sole appearance at Bayreuth. On January 27, 1900, Ternina made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City as Elisabeth in "Tannhäuser". During her fruitful association with the Met she sang Kundry in "Parsifal's" first American performance. Because this staging of the opera was not authorized by the Wagner family, she was never again invited to appear at Bayreuth, despite her stature as an artist.
Ternina famously sang the title role in the 1901 American premiere of Giacomo Puccini's "Tosca", performing the part at the Met to considerable acclaim on 18 further occasions. The previous year she had been London's first Floria Tosca, too, with the composer, who had been in the audience at Covent Garden that night, describing her interpretation as "ideal". She thus became the English-speaking world's most renowned interpreter of this particular Puccini heroine.
In 1906 Ternina suffered an attack of facial paralysis which affected her eye area. The ailment did not yield to medical treatment and she was required to retire from the stage at the height of her powers. For a year she taught singing at the Institute of Musical Art in New York City, after which she withdrew from the international music scene and returned to Zagreb. Her best known pupil in Zagreb was the celebrated "spinto" soprano and Metropolitan Opera star Zinka Milanov.
Ternina died in Zagreb in 1941, aged 77. She did not make any commercial recordings of her voice but fragments of her singing can be discerned on Mapleson Cylinders recorded live at the Met at the start of the 20th century. These are available on a CD re-issue by Symposium Records (catalogue number 1284).

</doc>
<doc id="9763696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763696" title="Lake Glenville">
Lake Glenville

Lake Glenville is a reservoir located just 8 miles from Cashiers, North Carolina. It was formed by the damming of the west fork of the Tuckasegee River in 1941. Between 1951 and 2002, it was officially known as "Thorpe Reservoir" after J. E. S. Thorpe, Nantahala Power's first president. It is still listed as such on many maps. The lake bottom plunges as steeply as the mountains that meet the shore. The depth a short distance from the water’s edge may register or more. The lake also has of shoreline and highest elevation lake east of the Mississippi encompassing 1450 acres. It is only a short twenty minute drive from Western Carolina University, and the town of Sylva.
History.
During World War II, ALCOA (Aluminum Company of America) needed more electricity to make aluminum for the war effort. In June 1940, Nantahala Power and Light, then owned by ALCOA, began constructing a dam to generate hydroelectric power on the west fork of the Tuckasegee River at Onion Falls. They completed it in late 1941, filling a new lake called Thorpe Reservoir or (present-day) Lake Glenville behind the dam. It encompassed the entire valley north of Cashiers. The town of Glenville was evacuated and flooded, covering schools, homes, businesses, and farmlands with water to a depth of 300 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="9763711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763711" title="Six Hour Le Mans">
Six Hour Le Mans

The Six Hour Le Mans was an endurance motor race for sports cars and touring cars held in Western Australia from 1955 to 1972. Initially run at the Caversham Airfield circuit, the event was moved, along with all other WA circuit racing, to the then new Wanneroo Park Raceway in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="9763731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763731" title="Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992">
Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992

The Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992 (), also known as the "Bradley Act," attempts to define the legal status of sports betting throughout the United States. This act effectively outlawed sports betting nationwide, excluding a few states.
The sports lotteries conducted in Oregon, Delaware, and Montana were exempt, as well as the licensed sports pools in Nevada. In addition, Congress provided a one-year window of opportunity from the effective date of PASPA (January 1, 1993) for states which operated licensed casino gaming for the previous ten-year period to pass laws permitting sports wagering. The latter exception was clearly crafted with New Jersey in mind. However, New Jersey failed to take advantage of this opportunity and carve out an exception for itself. Also excluded from the reach of PASPA are jai alai and parimutuel horse and dog racing.
Legal Challenges.
As part of a widespread trend to legalize, regulate, and tax sports to increase tax revenues, many states are trying to persuade the federal government to repeal PASPA. Proponents of repeal typically assert that the law as written is inherently unconstitutional, as the US constitution reserves to the states all rights not explicitly granted to the Federal government—such as gambling regulation.
Recent Developments.
New Jersey has attempted to build momentum towards the eventual legalization of sports betting in New Jersey through federal litigation, state legislation, and the voter referendum process. In March 2009, New Jersey State Senator Raymond Lesniack filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey claiming, amongst other things, that the PASPA unconstitutionally discriminates among the states by allowing four states to offer sports betting while disallowing the other forty-six states from enjoying the privilege. The case is pending before Magistrate Judge Torianne Bongiovanni. Additionally, Lesniak successfully steered a proposed amendment to the New Jersey State Constitution through the Senate State Government, Wagering, Tourism and Historic Preservation Committee, which would constitutionally permit sports betting in New Jersey. If the full Senate approves the change, New Jersey voters would be able to vote on a referendum whether to accept the constitutional amendment, though the amendment is predicated on a repeal of PASPA. Additionally, both houses of the New Jersey Legislature have introduced resolutions calling on the United States Congress to repeal PASPA.
In January 2010, Rhode Island State Senators Tassoni, McBurney, and Doyle introduced a Joint Resolution calling on Congress to finally repeal PASPA. In February 2010 in almost identical language, Missouri State Representatives Jason Grill and Mike Colona also introduced a Joint Resolution calling on Congress to repeal PASPA. Though the resolutions have not yet passed their respective chambers, both are symbolic of the growing dissatisfaction with PASPA at the state level.
In February 2010, a subcommittee in the Iowa State Senate approved a bill legalizing sports betting, which now faces a vote in the full Senate. Even though the PASPA prohibition bars them from legalizing the activity, some state senators are trying to drum up support for a federal repeal of the law.
In August 2010, California State Senator Roderick Wright, who chairs the gambling committee, publicly announced that he supports the New Jersey lawsuit. He is trying to convince the California legislature to sign on to the suit, as the state is facing tremendous fiscal problems and is contemplating legalizing sports gambling to raise badly needed revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="9763782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763782" title="Alabama State Route 132">
Alabama State Route 132

State Route 132 is an route in Blount County and Etowah County. The western terminus of the route is at its junction with State Route 75 north of downtown Oneonta. The eastern terminus of the route is at its junction with U.S. Highway 278 east of Walnut Grove.
Route description.
SR-132 is a two-lane route in its entirety. Its main purpose is to lead motorists from Oneonta to Attalla and Gadsden without travelling via State Route 75 or U.S. Highway 231 and Interstate 59. It travels in a general northeastward trajectory as it leads from Oneonta as it leads through rural Blount County. Altoona is the only town the route passes through.

</doc>
<doc id="9763798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763798" title="The Best Thing Ever">
The Best Thing Ever

The Best Thing Ever is a punk band/performance art group formed by autistic singer/songwriter Noah Britton in the summer of 2003. The label "punk" is adequate to describe the band's influences and ethics, but the sound that they exhibited changed drastically from show to show.
Biography.
The Best Thing Ever's original lineup consisted of Noah Britton, Alex Billig, Jennifer Page, and Emilyn Brodsky. Although the band officially consisted of four people, they played in various incarnations. Britton was the only constant member.
Brodsky landed the band big gigs opening for such acts as The Dresden Dolls, The World/Inferno Friendship Society, and The Gossip, but when she was offered a spot opening for the Magnetic Fields at New York University (NYU), she decided to leave The Best Thing Ever to make it on her own.
All four original members of The Best Thing Ever played together for the last time in November 2004 at the home of Franz Nicolay when Franz produced their unreleased 7", "Would You?"/"What I Want." One month after this recording session, The Best Thing Ever went on hiatus.
On May 1, 2006, Britton, Billig, and Page officially revived The Best Thing Ever moniker before embarking on The Bathroom Tour. For twelve straight days, The Best Thing Ever invaded bathrooms across New England to perform their music for unsuspecting audiences.
The "Bathroom Tour" DVD, which documents the events of the tour, was released by HIG Records, in April 2007.
In the summer of 2007, the band reunited for The Surprise Tour, playing exclusively unbooked shows all over the country with acts including Andrew Bird and Gravy Train!!!!. A film documenting the tour was released on April 1, 2011.
During the last week of June 2008, the band went on what they claimed would be their last tour, The Retirement Tour, a tour of retirement-related venues. However, in April, 2009, they played a surprise show at a donut shop in Allston, Massachusetts. They now claim that The Retirement Tour never happened, and that they will continue to perform occasionally.
In February 2010, the band went on The Animals Tour, performing exclusively for animals in the New York City area, including surprise shows at a zoo and an aquarium, and a booked show at a dog shelter.
On April 1, 2011, The Best Thing Ever premiered The Surprise Tour DVD at UnionDocs in Brooklyn, NY.They decided to screen this film every April 1st in a different state, with the 2012 screening in Beverly, Massachusetts, the 2013 screening in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the 2014 screening in Seattle, Washington.
In February 2013, the band booked a concert at a homeless shelter in Boston Harbor in Massachusetts, and dubbed this "The Homeless Sheltour." That August, all four original members performed a 10th anniversary reunion concert, opening for Jeffrey Lewis, where they performed one song from each year of their career, in chronological order. 
In June, 2014, The Best Thing Ever debuted a Kickstarter campaign to perform at Carnegie Hall, promising all backers a chance to sing with them at the show.
Discography.
EPs
DVDs
External links.
<references>

</doc>
<doc id="9763828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763828" title="The Gomers">
The Gomers

The Gomers are a Madison, Wisconsin based comedy rock/experimental music/progressive rock band. Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz, and former Mayor Sue Baumann both proclaimed February 1 as "Gomer Day" in Madison. Their name was taken from Gomer Pyle.
Career.
In April 2006, "Maximum Ink" noted the "longevity, durability, or diversity" of the band, and the Mayoral Gomer Day Proclamation.
"Madison Magazine" did a film feature in 2006 of karaoke in Madison, and documented the Gomers' 'Gomeroke' live karaoke show.
The group got its start playing weekly at Madison's popular but ill-fated Club De Wash, and currently plays eight times or more monthly with its live band karaoke show, 'Gomeroke', at the High Noon Saloon.
The group also spawned the internationally notable, the Zombeatles.
Awards.
The Gomers have won several Madison Area Music Awards: 2006 Unique Artist, 2006 Unique Song, 2005 and 2007 Best Cover Band, 2008 Unique Album and Unique Artist. The reader poll of Madison weekly newspaper, "The Isthmus" has awarded them "Madison's Favorite Cover Band" and "Madison's Favorite Dance Band" from 2000-2009.
Guest stars.
The Gomers played with Les Paul at his Wisconsin Foundation for School Music Lifetime Achievement Award dinner, on October 27, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9763841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763841" title="Naxi script">
Naxi script

The Naxi language of southwestern China may be written in the syllabic "geba" script. There is also a Naxi tradition of pictographic symbols called "dongba"; this may sometimes be glossed with "geba" for clarification, since a "dongba" text may only be intelligible to its author. 
A Latin alphabet was developed for Naxi in the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9763861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763861" title="List of NIFL seasons">
List of NIFL seasons

This is a list of National Indoor Football League seasons since the league started in 2001.
2001 | 2002 | 2003 | 2004 | 2005 | 2006 | 2007

</doc>
<doc id="9763865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763865" title="Champagnac, Charente-Maritime">
Champagnac, Charente-Maritime

Champagnac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.
Geography.
The Seugne forms most of the commune's southwestern border.

</doc>
<doc id="9763871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763871" title="The Go Game">
The Go Game

The Go Game is a competitive game put on by a San Francisco company of the same name. Players race through the game zone solving clues and performing tasks with the aid of a cell phone and digital camera in an effort to earn the most points. Though the Go Game comprises elements of a scavenger hunt and a treasure hunt, in fact it is neither. Rather, it is a site-specific, clue-finding race in which sleuthing skills and courage are weighed equally with humor and creativity. The Go Game advertises itself as “the future of corporate play,” is a perennial favorite for team-building activities, and was voted “Best Way to Rediscover Your City” by the SF Weekly.
Structure.
A Go Game is mapped onto an existing game zone, overlaying the familiar and everyday with a mystery that can only be unlocked with the keys provided by the phone and the clues as created by the game masters. A game master can build a game suited to any theme (music, espionage) but the traditional version of the game is run 6-8 times a week, year round.
Game zones must be easily navigated by foot, for this is how the game is played; most comprise several city blocks, generally in an area of a city with some history, lots of foot traffic, funky coffee shops, etc. (examples include Atlanta's Olympic Park and Hollywood and Highland). Though the Go Game can be played anywhere there is cell phone service, these game zones are more “fertile” than convention centers and shopping malls, where it has also been played.
Players are split into teams of 3 to 10; the game has been played by as few as a dozen and as many as several thousand. Each team receives a superhero themed tin lunch box and a clue envelope labeled "CONFIDENTIAL: DO NOT OPEN UNTIL THE PHONE TELLS YOU." The lunch box contains a wireless web enabled cell phone and digital camera, as well as a map of the game zone and a list of rules and instructions.
Players are greeted by a Go Game operative (the Game Master) wearing an orange flightsuit. The Game Master gives a brief introductory warm-up talk in which he or she explains the Rules and the Tools. At the end of this talk, the game master fires a starting gun and players begin solving missions.
Games typically last 2 hours from the firing of the start gun, though they can sometimes last as long as several days. Teams solve as many missions as they can within the two hours of play; a team that solves missions correctly and quickly will earn a high score, for every time a correct answer is sent to the server, the phone downloads another mission for the team to solve, and every mission is an opportunity to earn points.
At the end of game, all teams get a message on their phones telling them the location of the judging ceremony, usually a bar or restaurant. When teams arrive, they hand in their cameras and get refreshments while the judging ceremony begins.
The judging is hosted by the game master or another Go Game employee, and it is the culmination of the judgable missions performed during the game. Photos and videos are shown on the big screen for the entertainment of the players. After awarding points based on these missions, the host announces the winner and gives out the prizes. Prizes are usually totemic, gag gifts, though there have been prizes of HD TV’s and Pocket PCs. The entire event lasts about four hours from start to finish.
Types of Missions.
The three main categories of missions are:
• Sneak and Snoop Missions: These are modeled on traditional treasure-hunt or scavenger clues, though they do not require players to retrieve items, nor are they arranged in a cumulative, linear progression. A typical Sneak and Snoop mission might require a team to navigate their way to a particular location and find or observe a particular facet of the architecture, geography, signage, or gardening in order to answer a question. Some missions may refer to the clues contained within the confidential envelope: a team might have to use a key inside the envelope to decode a hidden message spelled out by the flags of different countries hanging above a hotel. These missions are usually worth 25-45 points.
• Plant Missions: These missions make use of the two or more actors who are in on the game. These actors are lying in wait throughout the game zone, some in costume and others blending in; each has a task for the teams. Typical plant missions include a gypsy, a ninja, and a runaway bride. Sometimes plants are in plainclothes and lead players through a memory game, or see how many marshmallows they can fit in their mouths. These missions are usually around 60-90 points.
• Judgable Missions: Unlike other missions, there is no correct answer to a Judgable mission; rather, teams solve them by taking a photo, series of photos, or video in the category as set forth by the parameters of the mission. These creative missions are viewed by the other teams at the end of the game and awarded points based on how funny, creative, original, risky, daring, or dirty the judgables are, or just how enjoyable they are to watch. These missions are worth the most points (120 points usually) and are frequently the key to winning the game. A team will perform between 2 and 4 judgable missions in a typical game.
Other kinds of missions include:
• Runner mission: Unlike the other plant missions, the runner perambulates throughout the game zone. In certain runner missions, teams must be on the lookout for a certain character (such as Batman or Supergirl) whom they must find while they play. This character may have a password players will be asked about at the end of the game. Other runner missions, such as Dead Weight, feature a character that teams must avoid: Dead Weight tags slow or inattentive teams and joins their team and attempts to annoy, distract, or sabotage them as they play.
• Trivia: These are non-site-specific general knowledge questions that reward players’ knowledge of the company they work for, their teammates, or any other trivial knowledge.
• Recall: Some missions are in two parts and must be completed after leaving the location the phone directs teams to. The hotel room mission sends teams into a crime scene; the gangster mission directs teams to a character named Tony Tuesday who recounts the demise of his cousin. Ten minutes after they leave these missions, the phone asks questions that test their memory of what they heard or observed.
• Brain Burner: These are difficult brainteasers or puzzles, usually used to slow down a team that is far outpacing the competition.
History.
The game was the brainchild of Ian Fraser of San Francisco. In December 2000, Fraser had a dream about navigating a city, guided by a magical helmet that quizzed him on his surroundings. The name "The Go Game" came to him in the dream as well. Fraser recounted his dream to his best friend, Finnegan "Finn" Kelly, who was trained as a jazz piano player but was a computer programmer as a hobby. Kelly saw the potential to make Fraser’s dream reality; he moved from New York to California and the two friends became entrepreneurs, turning Fraser’s dream into a workable business.
Though neither had any experience with start-up business, and Fraser was still working part-time with troubled youths, in February 2001 they bought their cell phones and began working in earnest to make the game a reality. Incorporating under the name Wink Back Inc. in July 2001, the Go Game was first played for a corporate group in November 2001; the client was Yahoo Graphic Design. The first community game was played on 8 December 2001 in San Francisco’s Mission District.
Memorable Missions.
• Favorite judgable missions include “Historical Ballet,” in which teams must act out an event from world history by dancing it. This video mission is based on the ComedySportz game of the same name and is included in nearly all corporate games. “Moon landing” is the most frequently performed dance.
• Favorite plant missions include Agent Hotpants: Teams are told an agent is waiting for them in a bar; she has a password for them, but will only identify herself if teams use their best pickup line on her. Teams must hit on everyone in the bar until someone divulges the password..

</doc>
<doc id="9763874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763874" title="Bob Tizard">
Bob Tizard

The Right Honourable Robert James "Bob" Tizard, CNZM (born 7 June 1924) is a former Labour politician from New Zealand. He served as Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Finance, Minister of Health and Minister of Defence.
Early life and family.
Tizard's 1949 Master of Arts thesis was "Mr H.E Holland's Blueprint for New Zealand and the World". Harry Holland having been the first leader of the New Zealand Labour Party.
While at university, Tizard met future wife Catherine Maclean, while he was president of the Auckland University Students Association. On their second date Tizard told Maclean he was "going into politics. And I'm going to marry you." They married in 1951, and Tizard unsuccessfully ran for the Remuera electorate later that year at the general election and again at the 1954 general election. He was finally successful at the 1957 election, winning in Tamaki, but was defeated three years later by Robert Muldoon. The couple moved to Avondale and started a family, with his wife having four children in six years starting at the age of 21 with Anna, followed by Linda, Judith and Nigel. They moved in 1957 to Glendowie in the Tamaki electorate. 
Tizard ran for and won the Pakuranga electorate at the general election in 1963. His wife then returned to University to complete her degree in Zoology, and later began teaching at Auckland university.
The couple divorced in 1980. Catherine Tizard was Mayor of Auckland from 1983–1990 and Governor-General of New Zealand from 1990–1996. He is the father of former Consumer Affairs minister Judith Tizard, who succeeded her father as the Member of Parliament for Panmure in 1990.
He married Beryl Vignale of Canada in 1989. The couple had been engaged during World War II.
Member of Parliament.
Tizard was the Member of Parliament for Tamaki from 1957 to 1960, when he was defeated by National's Robert Muldoon. He returned to parliament in a in the electorate, but in the 1963 general election was elected MP for Pakuranga. In 1972 he became MP for Otahuhu again. In 1984 he became MP for Panmure, until he retired in 1990.
Cabinet minister.
Tizard was appointed as Minister of Health when the Kirk Labour Government was elected in 1972. Following the death of Kirk in 1974, he became Minister of Finance and Deputy Prime Minister, replacing Bill Rowling (who the caucus elected Prime Minister) in both roles. As Minister of Finance, Tizard's budget introduced a number of progressive measures, such as an expansion of spending on education which provided a standard bursary for all students in tertiary studies. In the Lange Government he held the Defence portfolio as well as the Science and Technology portfolio.
Life after politics.
In 2009, at the age of 85, Bob Tizard was asked to speak, as a historian, on aspects of WWII at a dinner held to honour Captain Jack Lyon, a New Zealand war hero and former Labour Party Member of Parliament. An mp3 recording of the 25 minute speech is available here. 
In 2007 Tizard announced his candidacy for the Auckland District Health Board. He was elected to the board, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="9763889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763889" title="Dawson Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Dawson Township, McLean County, Illinois

Dawson Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 590 and it contained 253 housing units. Dawson Township was originally named Lee Township, but changed to Padua Township on May 17, 1858, and then to Dawson on an unknown date.
Dawson Township was named for John Wells Dawson.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.31%) is land and (or 0.69%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9763893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763893" title="Ned Doig">
Ned Doig

John Edward 'Ned' Doig (29 October 1866 – 7 November 1919) was a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played the peak of his career for Sunderland, in a period of time in the club's history where they were dubbed the 'team of all talents'. Noted for his exceptional performances in goal, he was also famously shy of his bald head, and always wore a cap. If during a football game the cap blew off at any point, he would chase after it rather than concentrate on the game.
Early career.
Born in Arbroath, Doig began his career as an outside right with local junior club St. Helena. He moved to Arbroath F.C. in 1884 after a member of the crowd shouted "let Doig play!" prior to a reserve team kick off; Arbroath were without a goalkeeper and the young Ned Doig was in the audience. He spent two seasons in the reserves before breaking through to the first team in 1886 at the age of 19. He achieved two full Scottish international caps whilst with Arbroath, and remains the club's highest capped player.
Sunderland.
In November 1889 Doig was signed by Blackburn Rovers. After one game he had a disagreement with the Lancashire club and decided to return home. In 1890, Doig returned to England to play for Sunderland. However, because Doig had not been registered with the club for seven days, and therefore still effectively a Blackburn player, the Football League deemed him ineligible for his debut game. As Sunderland did play him, they were fined and deducted two points. Doig went on to be an ever-present in goal for the Wearsiders in the 14 seasons he spent at the club, winning four league championships in the process. When the Sunderland fanzine/website "A Love Supreme" made a list of the club's greatest ever players, chosen from seasonal statistics, Doig came out as number one.
He gained his further four Scottish international caps at Sunderland, the first in a 2–1 victory over England at Celtic Park, which was the first ever international game with a crowd of over 50,000, and also broke England's (still) record of twenty consecutive wins.
Late career.
Doig signed for recently relegated Liverpool for a fee of £150 in 1904. In his first season with the Merseysiders, he helped the club achieve immediate promotion back to the top division. However, the next season saw his place lost to future England star Sam Hardy. He played his last game in April 1908, at the age of 41 years and 165 days, which is still a Liverpool record. He finished his career with the amateur club St. Helens Recreationals in the Lancashire league, finally retiring in 1910.
He died on 7 November 1919 at the age of 53, a victim of the Spanish Flu epidemic.

</doc>
<doc id="9763895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763895" title="Annia Cornificia Faustina Minor">
Annia Cornificia Faustina Minor

Annia Cornificia Faustina Minor ("Minor" Latin for "the younger", 160–212) was a daughter of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius and his wife, Faustina the Younger. She was sister to Lucilla and Commodus. Her maternal grandparents were Antoninus Pius and Faustina the Elder, and her paternal grandparents were Domitia Lucilla and praetor Marcus Annius Verus. She was named in honor of her late paternal aunt Annia Cornificia Faustina.
Life.
Cornificia Faustina was born and raised in Rome and later married the African Roman politician Marcus Petronius Sura Mamertinus, who served as consul in 182. Sometime after 173, she bore him a son called Petronius Antoninus. It's possible that she and her family were at the winter camp of where Marcus Aurelius died in early 180.
Her brother Commodus succeeded her father as emperor and, sometime between 190 and 192, he ordered the deaths of her husband, her son, her brother-in-law and her sister-in-law’s family. Cornificia survived the political executions of Commodus and later married Lucius Didius Marinus, a powerful Roman noble of equestrian rank who served as Procurator in various provinces. He later became a tax collector and tribune of the first Praetorian cohort.
During the brief reign of Pertinax (193), she was involved in an affair with the emperor. In 212, when she was in her fifties, Caracalla ordered her death, thus eliminating the last surviving child of Marcus Aurelius and Faustina the Younger. Historian Cassius Dio recorded the manner of her death:

</doc>
<doc id="9763920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763920" title="Lates longispinis">
Lates longispinis

Lates longispinis, also known as the Rudolf lates or Turkana perch, is a species of latid fish that is endemic to Lake Turkana (formerly known as Lake Rudolf) in Kenya and Ethiopia. It grows to in length. "Lates longispinis" is important to commercial fisheries and is also known as a gamefish. It is not known to exist in the aquarium fish trade.
Little is known about its status, and consequently the IUCN classifies it as Data Deficient, but according to Kenya's fisheries department the numbers are rising.
Behavior.
Feeding.
The Rudolf lates lives in the deeper waters of the lake, eating prawns off the bottom of the lakes and feeding on schooling characins in the mid-water column.
Breeding.
Not much is known about the breeding habits of "L. longispinis". It spawns in the open water in the middle of the lake, and parental care is highly unlikely. The eggs and fry are believed to be pelagic.

</doc>
<doc id="9763935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763935" title="2002 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2002 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2002 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was played between March 7 and March 9, 2002 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The event was revived after a 12-year hiatus. USC made their first appearance in the final game. The champion of the tournament was Arizona, which received the Pac-10's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. The Most Outstanding Player was Luke Walton of Arizona. A Staples Center capacity crowd of 18,997 watched the championship game.
Seeds.
The top eight Pacific 10 schools play in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.

</doc>
<doc id="9763972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763972" title="Bridled titmouse">
Bridled titmouse

The bridled titmouse ("Baeolophus wollweberi") is a small songbird, a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae.
These birds range from 11.5 – 12.7 cm. (4.5 to 5 in.) long. It is small, crested and gray with a black and white patterned face, a black bib. Its crest is boarded with black and white (sometimes gray) underparts. A standard nest ranges from 5 – 9 eggs colored white, speckled, or reddish-brown.
Their preferred habitat are oak or oak-juniper mixed woodland riparian areas of mountains in eastern and southeastern Arizona – (the Mogollon Plateau and White Mountains of Arizona), and extreme southwestern New Mexico – (the Madrean sky islands region of the eastern Sonora Desert) in the United States to southern Mexico. They nest in a hole in a tree, either a natural cavity or sometimes an old woodpecker nest found 4 – 28 ft. off the ground. They line the nest with soft materials. Usually built from loose cups of cottonwood down, stems, leaves, and grass.
These birds are permanent residents and may join small mixed flocks in winter.
They forage actively on branches, sometimes on the ground, mainly eating insects, especially caterpillars, but also seeds, nuts and berries. They will store food for later use.
The song is usually described as a whistled "pidi-pidi-pidi-pidi". They make a variety of different sounds, most having a similar tone quality.

</doc>
<doc id="9763974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763974" title="Downs Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Downs Township, McLean County, Illinois

Downs Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,266 and it contained 483 housing units. Downs Township was originally named Savanna Township, but it was changed on May 17, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.98%) is land and (or 0.02%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9763976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763976" title="Shahrom Abubakr">
Shahrom Abubakr

Shahrom Abubakr (/) is a popular Tajik singer.

</doc>
<doc id="9763977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763977" title="OmniPop">
OmniPop

OmniPop is a program used to class populations by autosomal DNA results. It is a Microsoft Excel file and requires Excel to run. The program is recognized and used by NIST for the purpose of clustering autosomal markers and is also suggested by commercial genealogical genetics companies to their customers for use in understanding their results.

</doc>
<doc id="9763979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763979" title="D'Anna Fortunato">
D'Anna Fortunato

D'Anna Fortunato (born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on February 21, 1945) is a noted American mezzo-soprano. Among her teachers were Phyllis Curtin and Gladys Childs Miller. Fortunato is professor of voice at the New England Conservatory of Music, and her career has included appearances with the New York City Opera ("Alcina", directed by Andrei Șerban), and many other American companies. She has also sung with most of the major orchestras, as well as several prominent festivals.
She has championed the works of many living composers including John Harbison, Gunther Schuller, Jake Heggie and Mohammed Fairouz.
The mezzo-soprano's large discography includes recordings of Handel's "Imeneo", "Siroe", "Muzio Scevola", "Faramondo" and "Alexander Balus"; Haydn's "La canterina"; and the original version of Cherubini's "Médée" (as Néris).

</doc>
<doc id="9763995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9763995" title="Turing Machine (band)">
Turing Machine (band)

Turing Machine is an instrumental rock band formed in New York City in 1998 by Justin Chearno and Scott DeSimon, late of DC's noise-rockers Pitchblende and Gerhardt 'Jerry' Fuchs, who had moved to New York to play with Bitch Magnet guitarist Jon Fine's new band, Vineland. Their music has been described as "Angular instrumental indie rock," that draws from "influences as vast as vintage prog, Krautrock and post-punk."
On November 7, 2009, drummer Gerhardt Fuchs died in an elevator shaft accident. The last of Fuchs' studio work with Turing Machine was included posthumously in the 2012 album, What Is The Meaning of What. Some of the friends of the band such as Pat Mahoney of LCD Soundsystem and Brian Chase helped to complete the unfinished album after Fuchs' death.
The name comes from the hypothetical device defined by Alan Turing with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="9764001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764001" title="Robert Armbruster">
Robert Armbruster

Robert Armbruster (October 9, 1897 – June 20, 1994) was a Philadelphia-born American composer, conductor, pianist and songwriter. His pseudonyms for piano rolls included Henri Bergman, Edwin Gabriel, Robert Romayne, Robert Summers.
After studying with Constantin von Sternberg he became a concert pianist, then branched out into conducting and a composing for radio, then television and film. He debuted as a pianist with the Philadelphia Orchestra at the age of eight. In his teenage years, he started recording piano rolls for the Aeolian Companies Duo-Art reproducing pianos and turned out hundreds of classical and salon-type performances for them. He attracted particular notice as orchestra leader of The Voice of Firestone, the songs "Cuddle Up" and "High Barbaree" and his compositions "Western Ballet" and "Variations in Miniature on Chopsticks".
During the 1940s, Armbruster was the conductor of the NBC Hollywood Orchestra for many charitable specials.
In 1948, Armbruster was musical director, conductor and solo pianist for the Kraft Music Hall program starring Nelson Eddy. A fine pianist, he was featured each week in classical piano solos. The program had an excellent orchestra of about 35. Regular arrangers included Billy May and Nelson Riddle. In the sixties, Armbruster was head of the music department at MGM Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="9764002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764002" title="Neville Ashenheim">
Neville Ashenheim

Sir Neville Noel Ashenheim (18 December 1900 – 1 September 1984) was a Jamaican businessman, lawyer, politician, and served as the first Jamaican Ambassador to the United States. He received a knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II on 1 January 1963. Ashenheim served his post as ambassador until March 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9764004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764004" title="David Bispham">
David Bispham

David Scull Bispham (January 5, 1857 – October 2, 1921) was the first American–born operatic baritone to win an international reputation.
Early life and family.
Bispham was born in 1857 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the only child of William Danforth Bispham and Jane Lippincott Scull. Both of Bispham's parents were members of the Society of Friends. In 1867, the family relocated to Moorestown Township, New Jersey. In 1872, Bispham entered Haverford College, from which he was graduated in 1876. After graduation, Bispham entered the wool business with his mother's brothers, all the while continuing to develop his musical talents as an amateur. Bispham appeared in numerous musical performances in his childhood despite having no formal musical training.
In 1885, Bispham married Caroline Russell, the daughter of General Charles Sawyer Russell. They would go on to have four children: Jeanette, Vida, Leonie, and David. The Bisphams honeymooned in Europe, and when they returned to Philadelphia, Bispham found work with the Lehigh Valley Railroad. While employed with the railroad, Bispham spent his spare time singing with local clubs and an Episcopal church choir in Philadelphia.
Early music career.
At twenty-eight he went to Europe, studying singing in Florence with Luigi Vannuccini and in Milan with Francesco Lamperti. He also studied in Bayreuth. In 1891 he was selected from among fifty applicants to perform the role of the Duc de Longueville in a London performance of André Messager's "La Basoche"; this marked his first professional appearance on any stage.
Covent Garden.
He was engaged by the Royal Opera at Covent Garden to sing the part of Beckmesser in Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" in June 1892. This production was also to feature Jean de Reszke, Emma Albani, and Jean Lassalle in the other leading roles. De Reszke fell ill during rehearsals, and the production had to be cancelled. On the day of the cancellation, however, Bispham was asked to substitute on the following day as Kurwenal in Richard Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde", under Gustav Mahler. This was Bispham's first Wagner role. According to his memoir, referred to below, Bispham had previously learned that role and several others following the advice of a medium at a seance. His success there brought him a contract for Covent Garden, where he appeared, primarily in Wagnerian roles, for all but two of the next ten seasons.
American career.
Bispham made his American debut, once again in Wagner, at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City on November 18, 1896; that night he sang the role of Sixtus Beckmesser in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg". He remained with the company until 1903, singing mainly Wagnerian roles; he also appeared in the American premieres of Ignace Paderewski's "Manru" and Ethel Smyth's "Der Wald". Bispham was influential in establishing the career of Carrie Jacobs-Bond as in 1901 he gave a recital exclusively featuring her songs in Chicago's Studebaker Theatre. After 1903 Bispham's operatic appearances were few, and he devoted most of his time to recitals, with which he had much success. He made a point of singing English versions of songs by such composers as Ludwig van Beethoven, Franz Schubert, and Robert Schumann. 
In 1916 he appeared in an English-language version of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Der Schauspieldirektor" in New York. The performance was such a success that it led to the formation of the Society of American Singers; the company, with Bispham's inspiration, gave three seasons of light operas in English. Bispham's commitment to opera in English also led, after his death, to the creation of the Bispham Memorial Medal Award, to be awarded to operas in English by American composers. He was a 'strong' advocate for performing vocal music in the audience's language. 
He was a close personal friend of American soprano Lillian Nordica, with whom he travelled to Australia on her last tour before her death. He was also a frequent professional colleague of both De Reszke brothers (Jean and Edouard), Olive Fremstad, Ernestine Schumann-Heink and Dame Clara Butt, among singers, and Hans Richter, Arthur Nikisch, Felix Mottl, Anton Seidl and Walter Damrosch, among conductors. Damrosch's setting of Rudyard Kipling's "Danny Deever", as sung by Bispham, became a favorite of President Theodore Roosevelt.
Bispham was the first singer to introduce Brahms's "Four Serious Songs" and "Magelone Lieder" to American audiences in the 1896-97 concert season. Bispham also sang Horatio Parker's oratorio, "Hora Novissima", in 1897 (with Johanna Gadski, Gertrude May Stein, and Evan Williams as the other soloists). Upon his immediate return to Great Britain, he provided a copy of the score to Hans Richter, which led to the premiere of the piece in Worcester, England, and the Festival of the Three Choirs.
In 1908, he was awarded national honorary membership in Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia.
When Jacobs-Bond published "A Perfect Day" in 1910 she added the header "As sung by Mr. David Bispham" above the title (the header appears on p. 3 of the sheet music). Jacobs-Bond wrote "A Perfect Day" ("q.v.") in 1909 and first published it in 1910.
His legacy.
He wrote a memoir of his professional career called "A Quaker Singer's Recollections", published by Macmillan in January 1920. Although it makes no mention whatsoever of his personal life, his marriage, or his children, the book is a valuable insight into the life and times of the international opera singer of his day and source of much first-hand information regarding the state of the vocal art and especially a singer's repertoire of the era.
Bispham died in New York City, New York, in 1921; he is buried in Philadelphia's Laurel Hill Cemetery. 
His legacy lives on in the form of gramophone recordings of songs and arias, some of which have been reissued on CD. He also paved the way for such outstanding American baritones of later generations as Clarence Whitehill, Richard Bonelli, Arthur Endreze, John Charles Thomas, Lawrence Tibbett, Leonard Warren and Robert Merrill.

</doc>
<doc id="9764026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764026" title="Parents (magazine)">
Parents (magazine)

Parents, published by Meredith Corporation, is an American mass circulation monthly magazine that features scientific information on child development geared to help parents in raising their children. It was first published in October 1926 and soon was selling 100,000 copies a month. 
Its editorial focus is on the daily needs and concerns of mothers with young children. The glossy monthly features information about child health, safety, behavior, discipline and education. There are also stories on women's health, nutrition, pregnancy, marriage, and beauty. It is aimed primarily at women ages 18–35 with young children.
Columns include As They Grow, which cover age-specific child development issues, as well as the reader-generated Baby Bloopers, It Worked for Me and Goody Bag. The magazine also produces a website, an iPhone app for kids, "Parents" Flash Cards, and a blog called GoodyBlog.com.
The magazine was started by George J. Hecht in 1926, and he hired Clara Savage Littledale to be its first editor. She was followed by Mary Buchanan. The magazine was sold to Gruner + Jahr in 1978, at which time Elizabeth Crow became the magazine's editor for the next decade. Meredith acquired the magazine when Gruner + Jahr left the US magazine business in 2005. Sally Lee was the editor from 1998 to 2008. Dana Points has been Editor in Chief since 2008.
The children's magazines "Children's Digest" and "Humpty Dumpty" were published by the same publisher as "Parents" from the 1950s through the early 1980s, until they were sold to the "Saturday Evening Post" company.

</doc>
<doc id="9764030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764030" title="German submarine U-777">
German submarine U-777

German submarine "U-777" was a German Type VIIC U-boat built in World War II, launched on 25 March 1944, and commissioned on 9 May, by its sole commander, Oberleutnant zur See Günter Ruperti. It underwent training with the 31st U-boat Flotilla, but did not participate in any patrols during its five-month career of active service. It was destroyed at 20:02 hours on the night of 15/16 October 1944, during a British air raid on Wilhelmshaven, Germany, at position . One crewman was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="9764036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764036" title="Aspen Butte">
Aspen Butte

Aspen Butte is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of southern Oregon. It is located south of Pelican Butte and southeast of Mount McLoughlin. It rises over above the nearby shore of Upper Klamath Lake. Ice Age glaciers carved three large cirques into the north and northeast flanks of the mountain removing most of the original summit area including any evidence of a crater. The summit is now the high point along the curving ridge which bounds the southern edge of the cirques above steep cliffs.
Aspen Butte is the highest of four overlapping shield volcanoes within the Mountain Lakes Wilderness all of which have been carved to varying degrees by glaciers. The other volcanoes are Mount Harriman, Crater Mountain and Greylock Mountain. Another peak, Mount Carmine, which lies just over to the north of Aspen Butte, is actually not a separate volcano but the highest remnant of the north flank of the Aspen Butte volcano separated from it by two glacial cirques. Little Aspen Butte, a satellite cone, rises on the southern flanks of the main volcano separated from it by a pass.

</doc>
<doc id="9764048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764048" title="Afzalsho Shodiev">
Afzalsho Shodiev

Afzalsho Shodiev () (1962 — ) is a popular Tajik singer.

</doc>
<doc id="9764079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764079" title="St. Mary's Academy (Inglewood, California)">
St. Mary's Academy (Inglewood, California)

St. Mary's Academy is a Roman Catholic high school for girls located within the city of Inglewood, California, United States.
Background.
St. Mary's was established in 1889 by the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Carondelet.

</doc>
<doc id="9764090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764090" title="OLSH">
OLSH

OLSH is an acronym for "Our Lady of the Sacred Heart," which could in turn refer to institutions such as schools or churches.
Several such institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="9764102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764102" title="Shabnam Surayyo">
Shabnam Surayyo

Shabnam Surayyo (also spelled as Surayo, Suraya, or Soraya, , شبنم ثریا), born on October 14, 1981 in Kulyab, Tajikstan is a popular Tajik singer. She was born into a musical family, with both her mother (Surayyo Qosimova) and sister (Farzona Khurshed) also well-known singers in Tajikistan. However, Shabnam was little known until her popularity rose dramatically in 2006, when one of her songs was ranked No.1 in Tajikistan. Following this success, Shabnam hit international stardom amongst tajik people and Tajik-speakers around the globe.
Most notably, she is popular in Afghanistan because she works with singers from that country and sometimes also covers their songs, either together with the original artists or with their permission (e.g. her duets with Jonibek Murodov, Jawid Sharif or Najib Nawabi).
Shabnam also collaborated, creating a duet Ey Khuda. In addition, Shabnam has also performed duets with Tajiki singers, including Bahrom, Suhrobi Safarzod, Parvina Shukrulloeva, Jonibek Murodov and others from her own country. She also sang in Leila Forouhar’s concert in Tajikistan in 2006.
In 2007, Shabnam Surayyo was nominated as the Goodwill Ambassador for Tajikistan and helped raise the awareness of AIDS.

</doc>
<doc id="9764126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764126" title="Devin (name)">
Devin (name)

French connotations.
The epithet "Devyn" in Old French carried the meaning of 'divine' ("Mod. Fr. divin"). It was given to the highest of kings, as a title conveying the sense of a perfect or flawless being. A descendent of the Latin "dīvīnus", Old French devin ultimately derives from the name of the Proto-Indo-European god Dyēus (q.v.), followed by the Greco-Latin suffix -īnus: thus a combined meaning of 'godlike' or 'godly'.
In Modern French, "devyn" refers to a man who divines; a soothsayer (a female soothsayer would be a devineresse). This sense, again, comes from the Latin "dīvīnus", while Old French "devin" (Godly) has shifted to the modern 'd i v i n' spelling.
Devyn is also of Indian (Hindu) origin meaning "resembling a God"

</doc>
<doc id="9764137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764137" title="Pylon station">
Pylon station

The pylon station is a type of deep underground subway station. The basic distinguishing characteristic of the pylon station is the manner of division of the central hall from the station tunnels
The pylon station consists of three separate halls, separated from each other by a row of pylons with passages between them. The independence of the halls allows the architectural form of the central and side halls to be differentiated. This was especially characteristic for stations built in the 1960s, when as a result of the policy of "total economy," the side halls and tunnel walls were significantly poorer than the central hall.
Building stations of the pylon type is preferable in difficult geological situations, as such a station is better able to oppose earth pressure. However, the limited number of narrow passages limits the throughput between the halls.
London-type station.
The pylon station was the earliest type of deep underground station. One variation is the so-called "London-style station." In such stations the central hall is reduced to the size of an anteroom, leading to the inclined walkway or elevators. In some cases the anteroom is also the base of the escalators. In the countries of the former USSR there is currently only one such station: Arsenalna in Kiev. In Moscow there were such stations, but they since been rebuilt: Lubyanka and Chistiye Prudy are now ordinary pylon stations, and Paveletskaya-Radialnaya is now a column station.
Examples.
In the Moscow Metro, typical pylon station are Kievskaya-Koltsevaya, Smolenskaya of the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya line, Oktyabrskaya-Koltsevaya, and others.
In the Saint Petersburg Metro, pylon stations include Ploshchad Lenina, Pushkinskaya, Narvskaya, Gorkovskaya, Moskovskie Vorota, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9764138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764138" title="Dry Grove Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Dry Grove Township, McLean County, Illinois

Dry Grove Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,572 and it contained 618 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764147" title="Frankie J. Galasso">
Frankie J. Galasso

Frank John Galasso (born January 24, 1985 in The Bronx, New York) is an American musician and actor.
As an actor, Galasso appeared as Mickey Canetti on "Hudson Street". He also appears in the films "Jungle 2 Jungle" (1997), "The Biggest Fan" (2002) and "A Tale of Two Pizzas" (2003).
As a musician, Galasso was a member of the teen musical group Dream Street. He also performed the singing voice for Christopher Robin in the films ' (1997) and ' (1999).
In 2012, Galasso was an ensemble cast member of the first National Touring Company production of Jersey Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="9764151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764151" title="University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Public Health">
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Public Health

The UNC Gillings School of Global Public Health provides teaching, conducts research, and delivers services in public health to people across North Carolina, the United States and around the world. Ranked the top public school of public health, the School's mission is to improve public health, promote individual well-being and eliminate health disparities. In 2011, the U.S. News & World Report ranked the School as the top public school of public health and the second ranked school of public health overall (behind the top ranked Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and ahead of the third ranked Harvard School of Public Health). (this is compared with the 2008 ranking when the school was ranked second along with Harvard School of Public Health). Several of the school's departments and programs have been recognized as among the best in the country. 
The UNC Gillings School of Global Public Health is accredited by the Council on Education for Public Health and offers undergraduate and graduate programs in traditional classrooms on the Chapel Hill campus and through the latest distance-education technology.
Academic Departments.
The School boasts eight degree-granting divisions that offer baccalaureate, master’s and doctoral degrees:
Centers and Institutes.
In addition to academic departments, several centers and institutes operate within the School, providing additional contributions to public health research and practice. 
The School also collaborates with many external centers and institutes specializing in health care research and practice and with other schools within and beyond UNC.
History.
The School was organized in 1936 as a division within the School of Medicine at the University of North Carolina. Separate status as a school of public health was granted in 1939, making the school the first school of public health established within a state university. The school awarded its first graduate degrees in 1940. 
In 1949, UNC added the schools of Dentistry and Nursing with the schools of Public Health, Medicine and Pharmacy to formally organize the University's Division of Health Affairs. Thus, the School of Public Health became one of the few schools of public health in the nation to be co-located with four other health-profession schools on one campus.
Through the years, the School has grown into a collection of seven different departments and a Public Health Leadership Program. The departments of Epidemiology, Environmental Sciences and Engineering, Health Policy and Administration (now Health Policy and Management), and Public Health Nursing (now the Public Health Leadership Program) existed when the school was founded. The department of Health Behavior and Health Education was added in 1942, Nutrition in 1946, Biostatistics in 1949, and Maternal and Child Health in 1950.
The School received a pledge of $50 million in 2007 from Dennis Gillings and Joan Gillings to fund 
The Gillings School of Global Public Health continues to award doctoral, master's and undergraduate degrees and certificates to students who take courses on campus in Chapel Hill or via the Internet as distance learners.

</doc>
<doc id="9764168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764168" title="Outlaw biker film">
Outlaw biker film

The outlaw biker film is a film genre that portrays its characters as motorcycle riding rebels. The characters are usually members of an outlaw motorcycle club.
History.
Outlaw biker clubs formed in the late 1940s on the West Coast after the end of World War II. Their culture was first popularized in the glossy Marlon Brando film "The Wild One" (1953), which tells a story based very loosely on actual events. The film's success was followed by a string of low-budget exploitation films aimed at a teenage audience such as "Motorcycle Gang" (1957) and "The Hot Angel" (1958). But the genre really took off in the mid 1960s after the Hells Angels gang became prominent in the media. In particular, the Hunter S. Thompson book "" was published in 1966.
Films of the 1960s.
In 1965 director Russ Meyer made "Motorpsycho" (aka "Motor Psycho"), an obscure film about an evil motorcycle gang led by a disturbed Vietnam War veteran. In 1966 American International Pictures (AIP) released "The Wild Angels" with Peter Fonda, Bruce Dern, and Nancy Sinatra. This film, aimed at the teenage drive-in crowd, was a surprise hit and a new exploitation film subgenre was born. AIP dominated the market and quickly released a semi-sequel "Devil's Angels" starring actor-director John Cassavetes and "The Glory Stompers" with Dennis Hopper in 1967.
In 1968 AIP produced "The Mini-Skirt Mob", "Angels from Hell", and "The Savage Seven" (the film debut of actress/director Penny Marshall). The company would go on to make five more biker gang films: "Hell's Belles" (1969), "Hell's Angels '69" (1969), "Angel Unchained" (1970), "The Hard Ride" (1971), and "Chrome and Hot Leather" (1971).
AIP and Fanfare Films also co-produced "The Born Losers" (1967). Fanfare made "Hells Angels on Wheels" (1967) with Jack Nicholson, "Run, Angel, Run!" (1969), "Wild Wheels" (1969), and "Nam's Angels" (1970). 
Other small independent filmmakers went on to produce dozens of low-budget biker films until the trend dissipated in the early '70s. Crown International produced and/or distributed "Wild Rebels" (1967), "The Hellcats" (1968), "Five the Hard Way" (1969), "Wild Riders" (1971), and "Pink Angels" (1972). Independent-International Pictures Corp. produced three films in this genre directed by Al Adamson – "Satan's Sadists" (1969), "Hell's Bloody Devils" (1970), and "Angels' Wild Women" (1972).
"Rebel Rousers" (filmed 1967, released 1969) featured Jack Nicholson, Bruce Dern, and Harry Dean Stanton. Dern also starred as a sadistic gang leader in "Cycle Savages" (1970). In 1969, Peter Fonda, Hopper, and Nicholson would team up on the classic "hippie biker" movie, "Easy Rider", the antithesis of the violent biker-gang genre. 
Sonny Barger, founder of the Oakland chapter of the Hell's Angels, was a consultant on several films. He and other gang members appeared as extras in "Hells Angels on Wheels" and "Hell's Angels '69". The Hell's Angels appeared as extras playing a gang called the Las Vegas Hotdoggers in the Roger Corman film "Naked Angels" starring Michael Greene in 1969.
"The Born Losers".
"The Born Losers" (1967) introduced Tom Laughlin's iconic Native American action hero Billy Jack. Unable to get his "Billy Jack" script produced, Laughlin wrote and directed "The Born Losers" to capitalize on the current biker movie trend (which finally allowed him to make "Billy Jack" in 1971). The story was inspired by news reports of the Hell's Angels terrorizing a California community. As a cost-saving measure, a stunt scene of a motorcycle crashing into a pond was taken from co-producer AIP's 1966 comedy "The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini".
"The Born Losers" is also significant for its social criticism and portrayal of the biker gang as a force of pure, unredeemable evil. Here, for the first time, a lone hero stands up to, and ultimately defeats, the gang. Prior to this, the majority of the films in this genre imitated "The Wild One" with a sympathetic gang member (the reluctant leader or a new member) who ultimately rejects the outlaw biker lifestyle. Prime examples would be the Fonda character in "The Wild Angels", Jack Nicholson in "Hell's Angels on Wheels" (1967), and Joe Namath in "C.C. and Company" (1970).
Jack Starrett has the role of a tough-talking police officer. He played essentially the same character in "Hell's Angels on Wheels" and "Angels from Hell" (1968). Starrett was also in "Hell's Bloody Devils" (1970), and directed "Run, Angel, Run" in 1969 and "Nam's Angels" in 1970. The last film is unusual as the bikers are portrayed as patriotic heroes sent on a rescue mission to Vietnam.
Novelty biker films.
A number of novelty films were made featuring all-female biker gangs such as "The Hellcats" aka "Biker Babes" (1967), "She-Devils on Wheels" (1968), "The Mini-Skirt Mob" (from AIP) with Sherry Jackson and Harry Dean Stanton (1968), "Sisters in Leather" (1969) with Pat Barrington, "Angels' Wild Women" (1972), "Cycle Vixens" (1978), and "Chrome Angels" (2009). 
"The Pink Angels" (1971) is a somewhat campy film about a gang of homosexual bikers who head down the coast to attend a drag ball. "Bury Me an Angel" (1972) is a revenge story featuring a female biker (and female director). "Angels' Wild Women" (1972) centers around a group of tough female bikers who dominate men and eventually go a revenge-driven rampage. The story (and original "Screaming Angels" title) was changed after the producers found theaters were no longer interested in traditional biker films. Inspired by the popularity of Roger Corman's "The Big Doll House", a violent women in prison film with Pam Grier, new scenes were added featuring aggressive female bikers and a Pam Grier lookalike was added to the cast. The reworked and retitled film was a box office success.
In Japan, female biker films became popular starting with ' (a.k.a. "Stray Cat Rock: Delinquent Girl Boss" or "Female Juvenile Delinquent Leader: Alleycat Rock" or "Wildcat Rock") (1970). This trend was part of the "sukeban" (delinquent girl) sub-genre of Toei's "Pinky violence" style of "Pink film". The series continued with ', ', ' and "Alleycat Rock: Crazy Riders '71". Another similar series of exploitation films with female bikers includes ' (1971), ' (a.k.a. "Girl Boss Blues: Queen Bee’s Counterattack") (1971), and "Girl Boss Guerilla" (1972).
The 1970s to the present.
In 1970 Roger Corman left AIP to form New World Pictures which released "Angels Die Hard" (1970), "Angels Hard as They Come" (1971) and "Bury Me an Angel" (1972).
As the trend began to lose momentum, filmmakers started to create horror hybrids such as "Werewolves on Wheels" (1971) and "Blood Freak" (1972). The British horror film "Psychomania" (1971) involves a biker gang that makes a pact with the devil to obtain immortality. 
Black motorcycle gangs appeared in a few blaxploitation films such as "The Black Angels" (1970) and "The Black Six" (1974).
The biker gang ethos also featured strongly in the famed low budget Australian production "Mad Max" (1979, dir. George Miller, starring Mel Gibson), with the film spawning the real-life subculture of Survival bikes.
By the late 1980s the once shocking and controversial genre became an object of campy humor in horror-comedies such as "Chopper Chicks in Zombietown" (1989), "I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle" (1990), and "Biker Zombies" (2001). 
In 2008, Quentin Tarantino served as executive producer on "Hell Ride" starring Dennis Hopper and Michael Madsen. This is an homage to the motorcycle gang films of the past. It was written and directed by Larry Bishop, who acted in a number of biker films such as "The Savage Seven" in 1968. Tarantino is a noted fan of the Australian biker movie, Stone.
"Sons of Anarchy" (2008 to present) is an American television drama series about a California motorcycle club. The series premiered on September 3, 2008, on cable network FX.
The 2009 documentary "Biker Mania" includes a compilation of theater trailers and footage that tracks the history of the genre from the 1950s to the present.
Cultural references and parodies.
After the release of "The Wild One" in 1953, the image of the motorcycle gang, particularly the Marlon Brando character, inspired many imitators and satires in films and television shows. 

</doc>
<doc id="9764192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764192" title="Mount Hood Parkdale, Oregon">
Mount Hood Parkdale, Oregon

Mount Hood Parkdale is the official United States Postal Service-designated name of the combined post offices of the communities of Mount Hood and Parkdale in the U.S. state of Oregon. Its ZIP code is 97041.

</doc>
<doc id="9764203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764203" title="Ornithology (composition)">
Ornithology (composition)

"Ornithology" is a jazz standard by bebop alto saxophonist Charlie Parker and trumpeter Benny Harris. 
Its title is a reference to Parker's nickname, "Bird" (ornithology means the study of birds). The Charlie Parker Septet made the first recording of the tune on March 28, 1946 on the Dial label, and it was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1989.
"Ornithology" is a contrafact – a newly created melody written over the chord progression of another song, in this case the standard "How High the Moon". It remains one of the most popular and frequently performed bebop tunes. Jazz vocalists scatting on "How High the Moon" (notably Ella Fitzgerald) often quote the melody of "Ornithology" (and vice versa).
Notable recordings include Bud Powell's version. Vocalese "lyrics" were also created by Babs Gonzales.
"Ornithology" was prominently featured in the novel "Suder" by Percival Everett.

</doc>
<doc id="9764204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764204" title="Empire Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Empire Township, McLean County, Illinois

Empire Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,093 and it contained 1,719 housing units. Empire Township changed its name from Le Roy Township on May 17, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.90%) is land and (or 0.10%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764216" title="Love's Cruelty">
Love's Cruelty

"Love's Cruelty" is a Caroline-era stage play, a tragedy written by James Shirley, and first published in 1640.
The play was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on 14 November 1631. Like the majority of Shirley's dramas, it was acted by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre. The play was entered into the Stationers' Register on 25 April 1639 by the booksellers Andrew Crooke and William Cooke, along with three other Shirley plays. (The three were "The Opportunity," "The Coronation," and "The Night Walker.") The play was published the next year, in a quarto printed by Thomas Cotes — though only Andrew Crooke's name is on the title page.
Shirley based his plot on material from two sources: novel 36 of the "Heptameron" of Marguerite of Navarre, and novel 6, decade 3, of the "Hecatomithi" of Cinthio. Shirley may have accessed Marguerite's tale in English translation in "The Palace of Pleasure" by William Painter. Shirley's work also bears a significant resemblance to Thomas Heywood's "A Woman Killed with Kindness."
Among its other features, "Love's Cruelty" contains a noteworthy indication of the influence of the masque on the mind of the contemporary audience. The masque — which Inigo Jones, probably its greatest artistic innovator, termed "pictures with light and motion" — was the seventeenth century's closest analogue to the modern cinema spectacular. In Shirley's play, the character Hippolito offers a contemporaneous response to the spectacles of the form:
Not long after, Shirley would himself write perhaps the most successful masque of his generation in "The Triumph of Peace" (1634).
As a boy player, Nicholas Burt was noted for his performance as Clariana; Michael Mohun took the role of Bellamente both before and after the theatre closure of 1642–60. "Love's Cruelty" was revived early in the Restoration era; it was acted at the Red Bull Theatre on Thursday 15 November 1660. Samuel Pepys saw another performance of the play on 30 December 1667; he judged it "a very silly play." 
Synopsis.
The play is set in the northern Italian city of Ferrara. Bellamente and Clariana are engaged to be married. She is interested to meet Bellamente's close and highly-praised friend Hippolito. She visits him in disguise; he is called away to answer a summons from the city's Duke, and locks her in his room. Delayed longer than he expected, Hippolito sends his friend Bellamente to release the mysterious woman; Bellamente is astonished to find this fiancée, but accepts her explanation, and eventually married her. Clariana, however, commits adultery with Hippolito. They are caught by a servant, who informs Bellamente—who, after an internal debate, lets the pair off unpunished, largely to conceal his own dishonor.
The Duke of Farrara is attempting to seduce a young woman named Eubella; he employs Hippolito as his advocate. Yet Hippolito feels guilty about his betrayal of Bellamente's trust, and is charmed by Eubella's innocence and virtue; he proposes marriage to the girl. The Duke learns of this, but his own guilt leads him to bless their intended marriage. Clariana doesn't feel the same way: desrious to break up the marriage, Clariana summons Hippolito to her chamber under a false pretext on the morning of his intended wedding. Hippolito has no interest in Clariana, and rejects her attempted interference; but they are caught together, once more. Clariana stabs Hippolito, who in turn wounds her with his sword. Clariana confesses her fault to her husband, then dies; and Hippolito also dies after seeing Eubella one last time. Bellamente dies of shock; the Duke marries Eubella himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9764223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764223" title="Monkey on My Back">
Monkey on My Back

"Monkey on My Back" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. Written by lead singer Steven Tyler and lead guitarist Joe Perry, the song was released on the band's 1989 album "Pump". It was released as a promotional single to rock radio in 1990, where it reached #17 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Song information.
The song is one of Aerosmith's most straightforward songs about how the band overcame drug abuse and addiction, and got the "monkey off their back." In the video "The Making of Pump", Steven Tyler discusses how it was one of the few songs on "Pump" to make use of the F word, in the line "feeding that fuckin' monkey on my back". But Tyler felt he needed to make use of the word, to be more harsh and garner more attention on the issue. He felt it would make kids' ears perk up and listen to the lyrics and message of the song, which was more effective in telling the consequences of drug use, rather than the attitude of the time which was simply "just say no".
Live performances.
The band performed the song heavily on the Pump Tour from 1989–1990 and also on other tours throughout the 1990s. Additionally, the band performed the song at several famous televised performances, including on "Saturday Night Live" on February 21, 1990 as well as at their "MTV Unplugged" performance on September 18, 1990.
"Monkey on My Back" was also included on the band's 1998 live compilation "A Little South of Sanity".

</doc>
<doc id="9764231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764231" title="Funk's Grove Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Funk's Grove Township, McLean County, Illinois

Funk's Grove Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 245 and it contained 105 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9764232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764232" title="Men for All Seasons">
Men for All Seasons

The Men For All Seasons calendar was a popular and controversial pin up Wall calendar featuring Australian Football League players that was published periodically and was first printed in 1993.
Players featured.
Mark Coughlan, Ryan Houlihan, Brett Johnson, Matthew Robbins, Andrew Welsh, Mark Johnson, Brodie Holland, Cameron Mooney, Joel Corey, Steven King, Steven Armstrong, Brad Miller, Clint Bizzell
Trent Croad, Ryan Houlihan, Jordan McMahon, Daniel Giansiracusa, Adam McPhee, Mark Johnson, Brodie Holland, David Spriggs, Kent Kingsley, Campbell Brown, Steven Armstrong, Clint Bizzell, Peter Burgoyne
Brodie Holland, Mark McVeigh, Richard Vandenberg, Trent Croad, Troy Wilson, Dean Solomon, Daniel Giansiracusa, Matthew Robbins, Paul Licuria, Nathan Thompson, Brad Ottens, Ryan Houlihan, David Spriggs
Simon Black, Aaron Hamill, Scott Camporeale, Justin Blumfield, Aaron Lord, Shane Woewodin, Trent Croad, Russell Robertson, Dean Solomon, Paul Licuria, David Spriggs, Michael Gardiner
Darryl Wakelin, Shane Wakelin, Matthew Lloyd, Rick Olarenshaw, Ben Dixon, Aaron Lord, Craig Ellis, Anthony Koutoufides, Ben Cousins, Matthew Primus, Jon Stevens, Shane Crawford, Aaron Hamill, Nick Daffy, Adam White
Tony Hall, Anthony Koutoufides, Craig Nettlebeck, Matthew Liptak, Allen Jakovich, Andy Lovell, David Grant, Glenn Coleman, Matthew Armstrong, Gavin Wanganeen, Andrew Bews, Gavin Brown, John Longmire

</doc>
<doc id="9764245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764245" title="Jayne West">
Jayne West

Jayne West is an American operatic soprano, who was born in White Plains, New York, and was raised in Framingham, Massachusetts. After graduation from Oberlin College, she moved to Boston, where she studied at the Boston Conservatory.
West has appeared with the Austin Lyric Opera (Pamina in "Die Zauberflöte"), Berkshire Opera Company (Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni", and Anne Trulove in "The Rake's Progress"), Boston Baroque ("Acis and Galatea"), Boston Landmarks Orchestra (Beethoven's Ninth Symphony), Houston Grand Opera, Nashville Opera, Opera Festival of New Jersey, Opera/Omaha (world premiere of Weisgall's "The Gardens of Adonis"), Opera Quotannis, and Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie. She was also in the 1985 world-premiere of the Glass/Moran "The Juniper Tree".
West also sang in the Mark Morris Dance Group's productions of "L'allegro, il penseroso ed il moderato", "Dido and Æneas", and "Four Saints in Three Acts". The soprano has been heard with the orchestras of Baltimore, Boston, Buffalo, Detroit, Pensacola, Philadelphia, Seattle, Utah and Washington DC; and has sung at the festivals of Bethlehem Bach, Saito Kinen, San Antonio and Tanglewood.
She portrayed Contessa Almaviva in Peter Sellars' production of "Le nozze di Figaro", which was seen in Barcelona, Boston, New York, Paris and Vienna. It was made into a film (1989), as well. West also sings in Robert Craft's important recording of "The Rake's Progress" (with Jon Garrison, 1993). She can be heard in two excerpts from Handel's "Hercules" (1999), on the recording entitled "Lorraine at Emmanuel," opposite Lorraine Hunt Lieberson, which was published in 2008, and is a soloist in Craig Smith's recording of Bach's "St John Passion" (with Frank Kelley as the Evangelist, 1999). In 2009, a "live" recording of the premiere of "The Juniper Tree" was released on Compact Disc.
The soprano also sang cameo roles in two historic recordings, the original version of Cherubini's "Médée" (as A Lady of Dircé, 1987) and Gluck's "Iphigénie en Tauride" (as the Second Priestess and the goddess Diane, 1999).
In 2009, West appeared with the Boston Secession in the world-premiere performance of Ruth Lomon's "Testimony of Witnesses", a concert-length oratorio based on the poetry and writings of survivors and victims of the Holocaust, under the direction of Jane Ring Frank.
As of 2011, the soprano lives in Amesbury, Massachusetts, and is on the voice faculty at the Longy School of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="9764248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764248" title="Fantômas (1964 film)">
Fantômas (1964 film)

Fantômas () is a 1964 French film starring Jean Marais as the arch villain with the same name opposite Louis de Funès as the earnest but outclassed commissaire Paul Juve. In the film Juve teams up with journalist Fandor, also played by Marais, trying to catch Fantômas but never quite succeeding. It was France's answer, in 1964, to the James Bond phenomenon that swept the world at around the same time. It is the first ever of a trilogy film, and "Fantômas" became extremely successful in Europe, the Soviet Union and Japan. It found success even in the United States, where fan websites exist to this day. Mylène Demongeot plays "Hélène Gurn", the girlfriend of "Jérôme Fandor", Fantômas' arch enemy. 
The general tone of the films is more light-hearted than the original "Fantômas" novels. Commissaire Juve, as played by Louis de Funès, becomes a comedic character, much different from his literary counterpart.
Plot.
Fantômas is a man of many disguises. He uses "maquillage" as a weapon. He can impersonate anyone using an array of masks and can create endless confusion by constantly changing his appearance. In the first episode of the series he is unhappy with Fandor, because of a fictitious interview the journalist wrote about him. He takes his revenge by abducting Fandor and threatening to kill him. He then uses his formidable makeup skills to commit a spectacular crime while disguised like Fandor. When commissaire Juve joins the chase, chameleon-like Fantômas promptly commits a crime wearing a mask looking like Juve. In the end Fandor, Juve and Fandor's girlfriend Hélène are all on the master criminal's trail, all to no avail as the man of a thousand masks finally manages to escape.
Release.
The film was released in France on 4 November 1964 and in the United States on 5 April 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="9764258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764258" title="Brush Creek (Blue River)">
Brush Creek (Blue River)

Brush Creek is a stream that runs from Johnson County, Kansas through Jackson County, Missouri. It is a tributary of the Blue River, and by the Blue and the Missouri rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
Brush Creek begins near West 80th Street and Lamar Avenue in Overland Park, Kansas and drains to the Blue River at Blue Banks Avenue and Hardesty Avenue in Kansas City. It drains 27 square miles.
History.
The stream has played a major historic role in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The Battle of Westport, the biggest battle in the American Civil War west of the Mississippi River, was fought on either side of it.
The Country Club Plaza is built on the banks of the creek. The expansive lawn of Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art runs from the steps of the museum down to the creek.
Attempts to control flooding on the creek by paving it with concrete produced by companies owned by Boss Thomas Pendergast were a scandal in the 1930s.
Heavy rainfall in September 1977 resulted in Brush Creek flooding the Plaza with of water. The next stream westward, Turkey Creek on the Kansas side, also flooded at the same time. Twenty-five people died in the flood, and damage exceed $66 million.
Today.
Kansas City, Missouri has a combined storm water and sanitary sewer system. During heavy rains, sewage from the sanitary sewer can overflow into the storm sewer and appear in local waterways. Several waterways, including Brush Creek, are posted with signs discouraging contact with the water after rain. Because of this, one local nickname for this stream is "Flush Creek".

</doc>
<doc id="9764270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764270" title="Box crib">
Box crib

A box crib or cribbing is a temporary wooden structure used to support heavy objects during construction, relocation, vehicle extrication and urban search and rescue. It is commonly used to secure overturned motor vehicles, and debris within collapsed buildings. Cribbing is often used in conjunction with other stabilization equipment, such as pneumatic or hydraulic shoring. Cribbing is also used in sub-surface mining as a roof support. Cribbing has largely been replaced by hydraulic shoring in modern mining applications.
Some forms of cribbing can also be used on movie sets and production sites for stabilizing dolly tracks, platforms, and various temporary structures when quick setup times are needed.
Stability.
The stability of a crib is affected by a variety of factors: the material used (often a soft wood which gives audible warnings before failure), the number of contact points between the crib and the supported surface, the ratio of the footprint of the crib to its height, and the area of contact made between the crib and the ground and supported surface.
Materials.
Cribbing is usually accomplished with blocks of wood, often 4"x4" or 6"x6" and 18"-24" long. Soft woods, like spruce and pine are often preferred because they crack slowly and make loud noises before completely failing, whereas stiffer woods may fail explosively and without warning.
Cribbing may also be made out of plastic, which unlike wood is not susceptible to rot or corrosion from fluids the cribbing may come in contact with (e.g. oil, gasoline, hydraulic fluid).
Cribbing equipment is normally of three varieties: rectangular blocks, wedges (also called shims), and "step chocks" (large wooden chocks constructed of wood of different lengths). Blocks are the bread and butter of cribbing and will be used in most cribbing evolutions. Shims are used to snug up contact between the crib and supported object or change the direction of the crib (tilt). Step chocks are often used as a quick solution for stabilizing vehicles on all fours or to quickly increase the height of a crib. 
Methods.
Cribbing structures are often categorized by shape. Different shapes of cribbing structures are chosen depending on the area available and the point being cribbed to.
A box crib is the simplest, most stable and most common method of "cribbing". It is constructed by arranging sets (2 or more) of matched blocks in a regular log-cabin style to form a rising square or rectangular frame. The more blocks on each level, the greater the number of support points and therefore the greater the strength of the crib tower. In trench rescue training materials three basic types of box cribbing are the 4-point, 9-point and full crib. The four point type has two timbers on each level thus four points of contact. Three timbers on each layer makes nine points of contact. The full crib type has each layer filled with timbers. Each point of contact carries a maximum load depending on the size and species of the timbers.
A triangle or A' crib is similar to the box crib, except it resembles a triangular prism instead of rectangular.
A parallelogram crib resembles a diamond prism.
A '"tilted tower" crib is a box crib in which pairs of shims are used to change the direction of the rising structure, resulting in a curve. Curving a crib must be done in moderation and is only advisable for structures at sharp angles to the ground.
Uses.
Cribbing is often performed as part of lifting/lowering operations. Expressions such as ""lift an inch, crib an inch"" and ""pack as you jack"" are used to remind operators of the importance of cribbing to secure and protect the load. The use of cribbing also allows for the use of a lifting device with a limited working range (such as a jack, lifting air bags or hydraulic rescue tools) as the load can be raised to the maximum range of the device, then lowered a short distance onto the cribbing, allowing another platform of cribbing to be built to raise the device and repeat the process.
Cribbing can be used to secure a load following a building collapse, vehicular accident or other event where the regular stability of a structure or vehicle has been reduced.
Cribbing is used when moving buildings in whole, or in part. Cribbing is used to raise the structure and allow the carrying vehicle to be positioned underneath, at which point the structure is then lowered onto the vehicle and the cribbing towers are removed. At the other end of the operation, the process is reversed, and the structure is lowered into its new position.

</doc>
<doc id="9764290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764290" title="Gridley Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Gridley Township, McLean County, Illinois

Gridley Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,913 and it contained 790 housing units.
History.
Gridley Township was named for Asahel Gridley, an Illinois state senator.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.96%) is land and (or 0.02%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764308" title="Our Love to Admire">
Our Love to Admire

Our Love to Admire is the third studio album by the American post-punk revival band Interpol, released July 10, 2007 on Capitol Records. Recorded at Electric Lady Studios in Greenwich Village and The Magic Shop Studios in New York City, the album is the group's first to be released on a major label. On 25 April 2007, the band officially announced the album title as "Our Love to Admire" as well as the track listing. The first single off the new album, "The Heinrich Maneuver", was released on 7 May 2007.
The album was re-released with a bonus DVD in the UK and Mexico on November 19, 2007, featuring music videos for "The Heinrich Maneuver" and "No I in Threesome" as well as live performances from the Astoria.
Reception.
The album has received mostly positive critical response of 70 overall at Metacritic. Playlouder gave it all five stars and said, "The band have colonised the rich turf at the intersection of meticulously structured mope-rock and free-flowing three-chord pop, where moments of resignation cosy up alongside twinkling hopes for the future like Winehouse to the sauce." "Hot Press" gave it a favorable review and said that the album "makes for hugely rewarding listening."
"Uncut" gave the album four stars out of five and called it "a majestic, grandiose, machine-tooled album, subtly orchestrated with gothic pianos and doomy organs." "URB" also gave it four stars out of five and called it "the type of strung-out confession that fills the junkie mold of classic "Bright Lights" Interpol--a welcomed revival after the wayward "Antics"." "Now" likewise gave the album four stars out of five and said that "In terms of writing and production, this may be Interpol at their best." "Billboard" gave it a favorable review and said that the band "retains its flair for dramatic images and ominous guitar lines on its major-label debut, but with producer/ mixer Rich Costey onboard, these signatures uncoil into more complex soundscapes." BBC Music gave it a positive review and said that Interpol are "tighter than a laser-guided smart bomb, the beats are more swingy, and Carlos D's bass and keys are even more expressive and swooning." "The Boston Globe" likewise gave it a favorable review and said, "The foreboding melancholy of 'Turn on the Bright Lights' has eroded into a sound that's less idiosyncratic; by design or accident, that broad-brush aesthetic coincides with the band's move from an indie label (Matador) to a major one (Capitol)." "Q" and "Mojo" both gave the album a score of four stars out of five.
"The Phoenix" gave the album three stars out of four and called it "well worth exploring". "The A.V. Club" gave it a B and said it "delivers exactly what's promised, which for fans will be exactly enough." "Under the Radar" gave the album seven stars out of ten and said it "isn't going to change many minds--those who already liked the band will find plenty to please, and vice versa." "No Ripcord" also gave it seven stars and said the album's lesser tracks "seem to have placed a greater emphasis on texture than melody or even rhythm, which is arguably the band’s most potent weapon. As a whole, though, Sam Fogarino will be satisfied." "Paste" gave the album three-and-a-half stars out of five and said that it "may not be band's "Sgt. Pepper", but it's still filled with morbidly catchy treats." "The Village Voice" gave it a positive review and said that "Somehow the band manages to sound insincere and gorgeous at the same time." "Prefix Magazine" also gave it a positive review and said it "sounds more or less like the last two , and that's its biggest problem."
Other reviews are average, mixed or negative: Yahoo! Music UK gave the album six stars out of ten and said of Interpol: "Crucially, it seems their ability to write a magisterially moving song such as "NYC" or "Obstacle No 1", both from their debut, seems to have abandoned them. In fairness, sonically speaking, this is their best effort yet." "Blender" gave it three stars out of five and also said of Interpol: "In fleshing out the contours of a sound once slavishly indebted to early-'80s titans like JD and the Smiths, they've nuanced the moods Banks moons over. Awesome for him. Only so-so for us." "Spin" gave it a score of six out of ten and called it "oddly reined in" and "a transitional record by a band not yet willing to completely let go of the past." "The Guardian" gave it three stars out of five and called it "undoubtedly impressive: impressive enough, in fact, to counter the fact that Interpol are pretty light on ideas of their own."
"The Austin Chronicle" gave the album two stars out of five and said it "could use more Carlos D.'s low-end bass/keyboard flourishes. Perhaps it's time to turn the lights out." Tiny Mix Tapes gave it one-and-a-half stars out of five and said it "isn’t even a contractual obligation to push off without care."
Track listing.
All songs written by Interpol
Sound.
"Our Love to Admire" was a departure from their dark, angular post-punk that was featured in the previous albums. Keyboards were added to the song-writing system, allowing the band to add a strong Classical aspect to their music.
According to band members, "Our Love to Admire" is more "expressive" than the group's previous efforts, and uses many more keyboards and textures. Prior to the album's release, Billboard offered the following brief descriptions of some of the band's new songs:
History.
Since Interpol's contract with Matador had expired, it was initially speculated that Interpol would sign with Interscope Records. However, drummer Sam Fogarino rejected these claims as "pure speculation". It was later confirmed that the band would sign to a major label, though they chose Capitol over Interscope.
The album was produced by Rich Costey, who is notable for his work with Muse on "Absolution" and "Black Holes and Revelations", as well as Franz Ferdinand on "You Could Have It So Much Better".
"Pioneer to the Falls" featured as the closing music track in "Smallville" season 7, episode 10, "Persona".
Leaks.
Sometime in March 2007, an album called "Mammoth", attributed to Interpol, appeared on P2P networks. However, the album was actually a renamed copy of "Exit Decades", recorded by Swedish band Cut City. Due to some similarities in style between those two bands, this "fake leak" was quite convincing to some listeners. There was another false leak—a renamed version of "Sam's Town" by The Killers with "The Heinrich Maneuver" included on it.
The song "The Heinrich Maneuver" was streamed in its entirety from AOL's music blog, Spinner, a few days before the single's official release. MP3 rips of this stream were widely circulated through the internet via P2P clients. On June 16, 2007, "The Scale", "All Fired Up" and "Rest My Chemistry" were leaked through MySpace in low quality audio. On June 20 "Pioneer to the Falls" was released on Pitchfork Media, as a stream. On June 21, 2007, the complete album was leaked onto P2P networks.
Chart performance.
The album has scored Interpol's best chart positions in their career, debuting inside the top five of the UK & US album charts, reaching number-three on the European Albums Chart and selling over 154,000 copies of their album in its first week worldwide. The album debuted at #4 on the Billboard 200, selling 73,000 copies, but then dropped to #26 the next week with 22,000 copies. After 10 weeks, the album dropped off the chart, but by January 2009 it had sold 209,000 copies. It's notable that while the band's third album has sold far fewer copies in the U.S. than their previous two did - the others have each moved close to 500,000 units - "Our Love to Admire " is still Interpol's highest-charting disc. It has also sold 518,000 copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="9764319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764319" title="Mountain Lakes Wilderness">
Mountain Lakes Wilderness

The Mountain Lakes Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Fremont–Winema National Forests in the southern Cascade Range of Oregon, USA. It surrounds a cluster of four overlapping shield volcanoes, the highest of which is Aspen Butte. Over 20 small lakes lie along the bottoms of several large cirques carved by Ice Age glaciers near the summits of the volcanoes.
The Mountain Lakes Wilderness is unique among United States wilderness areas in that it is the only one whose borders form a square, occupying the area of a single survey township.
Recreation.
Popular recreational activities in Mountain Lakes Wilderness include hiking, cross-country skiing, camping, and fishing. Fish species are stocked in Mountain Lakes Wilderness lakes every other year. Both brook and rainbow trout are stocked in Harriette, Como, and West Lakes. Mystic, Paragon, and South Pass Lakes are only stocked with brook trout.

</doc>
<doc id="9764337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764337" title="2001 National Indoor Football League season">
2001 National Indoor Football League season

The 2001 National Indoor Football League season was the first season of the National Indoor Football League. The league champions were the Mississippi Fire Dogs, who defeated the Wyoming Cavalry in Indoor Bowl I.
Playoffs.
Round 1
Semifinals
Indoor Bowl I

</doc>
<doc id="9764338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764338" title="NALA Films">
NALA Films

NALA Films is a film production and financing company, the production arm of NALA Investments, LLC.
Foundation.
NALA (North America Latin America) Films, LLC was founded in 2005 by Emilio Diez Barroso (the great-grandson Televisa-founder Emilio "el Tigre" Azcarraga), as the production arm of NALA Investments (founded in 1999), an investment vehicle with a portfolio of holdings across various industries. NALA Films, which is headquartered just off Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, Los Angeles, is a "film development, production and financing company that NALA Films is a financing and production 
company that focuses on making quality, character-driven projects for film, Television and new media The company "produces and finances three to five feature films per year"
People.
Under CEO Diez Barroso, Darlene Caamaño-Loquet is President of NALA Films, a role which saw her named the sixth most powerful Hispanic woman on the Hispanic Women "Power 25" list of 2007. As President, Caamaño Loquet "develops, supervises and produces the financing/production company's feature film and television slate." In 2007, it was reported that the "executive ranks" had been "beefed up" by the double hiring of Corrie Rothbart as Chief Financial Officer, and Rudy Scalese as Director of Development. Rothbart, whose previous roles included positions with ICM, Gold Circle Films and Sony Pictures Entertainment took on the role of overseer on "financial and strategic planning, corporate treasury, business development, production finance, accounting and operations." Scalese's role will be to "help identify and develop material to fulfill the company's production slate of four to five relatively big-budget films per year, as well as its lower-budget genre fare," after he came to prominence producing the documentary: ""Going to Pieces: The Rise and Fall of the Slasher Film"". He had also previously worked for Caamaño-Loquet's D-No Entertainment.
Films.
Diez Barroso and NALA financed their first film - "The Air I Breathe" - with money raised from private investors, "state subsidies" and "film subsidy programs" such as the fund run by the Mexico film institute Imcine. In addition, NALA took "a relatively conservative tack by shooting most pics in Mexico," where it "has fostered relationships with local state authorities." Diez Barroso, Caamaño-Loquet and Paul Schiff - who brought the production to NALA - produced, in association with Paul Schiff Productions, (whose Tai Duncan co-executive produced with Christopher Pratt).
NALA's remit to produce works with Latin American talent attempts "to finance three to four English-language pics per year in the $6 million to $30 million range." Ultimately, the first film to be released (in association with Warner Bros.) was the Oscar-nominated "In the Valley of Elah", starring Tommy Lee Jones and Charlize Theron. "Dan in Real Life" (which Caamaño-Loquet developed earlier with Noah Rosen and their D-No Entertainment) followed the same year, in association with Buena Vista, while ThinkFilm released "The Air I Breathe" at various film festivals throughout late 2007, and debuted in the USA on limited release in January 2008, with "After Sex" (starring Jane Seymour) following a similar pattern.
Partnerships.
In November, 2006, it was announced that NALA Films had "formed a partnership" with the William Morris Agency, who will "provide consulting services on a slate of at least five films," to which NALA will bring production funds of "$125 million... over the next two to three years." The Agency, who also acts as consultant to Bob Yari's financing company El Camino and the Pelican Film and Beverly Bridge Funds, "will help NALA consider possible feature packages for funding." NALA President Darlene Caamaño-Loquet noted that the LA-based company "plans to fully finance its projects and does not intend to seek partners," while also "continu to produce projects outside of its WMA partnership." (NALA did, however, partner with both Summit Entertainment - on whose board of director's Diez Barroso sits - and Steve Samuels Media Capital to finance and produce "In the Valley of Elah".)
Up-coming films.
NALA Films is currently developing and producing a number of projects, including "Mr. Burnout" (set to be directed by Paul Dinello), "Open Grave" (to be directed by Eduardo Rodriguez), "Night of Light" (set to star Jason Patric, and be directed by Norberto López Amado) and "Only Ever You" (to be directed by Griffin Dunne). Also in production are "La Magdalena" - the company's first Spanish language production - and a more expensive project ($22m - $25m): the already-controversial "supernatural horror thriller" "Shelter", starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers and Julianne Moore.
Films.
As on April 2008, NALA Productions has been the major/sole production company behind three films. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="9764342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764342" title="Tacoma (Amtrak station)">
Tacoma (Amtrak station)

The Tacoma Amtrak Station is a train station in Tacoma, Washington, United States served by Amtrak's (the National Railroad Passenger Corporation) Amtrak "Cascades" and "Coast Starlight".
Although the Amtrak "Cascades" runs between Eugene, Oregon and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, there is no train that starts at one terminus and ends at the other. However, each day eight Amtrak "Cascades" trains (four northbound and four southbound) stop at Tacoma. (The next northbound stop on the Amtrak "Cascades" is in Tukwila and the next southbound stop is in Lacey.)
The "Coast Starlight" has a simpler, less frequent schedule and runs daily in each direction between Los Angeles, California and Seattle. (The next northbound stop on the "Coast Starlight" is in Seattle and the next southbound stop is in Lacey.)

</doc>
<doc id="9764343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764343" title="Hudson Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Hudson Township, McLean County, Illinois

Hudson Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,571 and it contained 1,021 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 95.98%) is land and (or 3.99%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764373" title="Lawndale Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Lawndale Township, McLean County, Illinois

Lawndale Township is located in McLean County, Illinois, east of Lexington, northwest of Colfax, and southeast of Chenoa. As of the 2010 census, its population was 158 and it contained 74 housing units. Lawndale Cemetery is located on 2550 North Road. At least part of the township is within the area of the proposed Lexington Chenoa Wind Farm to be developed by Horizon Wind Energy.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764375" title="Daegu Science High School">
Daegu Science High School

Daegu Science High School is a high school (for students in the age group of 17 to 19 years) in Daegu, Korea. It was opened on 26 October 1988. As of 2011, it 214 students. The school is for gifted students with talents in mathematics and sciences.
The graduates of the school usually go to science or engineering schools in KAIST, Postech, Seoul National University, UNIST, and other prestigious universities in Korea and in the world. 

</doc>
<doc id="9764393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764393" title="Lexington Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Lexington Township, McLean County, Illinois

Lexington Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,399 and it contained 1,005 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.98%) is land and (or 0.02%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764395" title="I.n.g">
I.n.g

i.n.g was a Taiwanese girl group signed under Avex Taiwan. The group consists of Ida, Nara, and Gillian. The group debuted on May 5, 2006, with their first album called "Lucky Star". Because i.n.g released their album on the same day as Jolin Tsai, a popstar who had built her fame over a longer period of time, their shot at success took a major hit. Of all the CDs sold in Taiwan during the week of May 5, only 2.46% were "Lucky Star". i.n.g debuted at #8 on the G-music charts, but fell down to #11 the next week after Tsai released yet another album. "Lucky Star" stayed in the G-music Top 20 for ten weeks, but none of the album's songs were ranked on billboard charts.
Praise and criticism.
In 2006, as guests on Jacky Wu's show, "Qi Tian Da Sheng," i.n.g was lauded for their dancing ability as well as for their overall future potential. Wu's praise indirectly spiked sales of "Lucky Star", which shot up seven places in the G-music charts during the week of May 26, 2006.
Netizens have criticized i.n.g for imitating S.H.E, a girl group that debuted five years earlier. In response, i.n.g stated that they looked up to S.H.E as models of success, and had no plans to make themselves into S.H.E clones.

</doc>
<doc id="9764404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764404" title="Jimmy Collins (basketball)">
Jimmy Collins (basketball)

James E. "Jimmy" Collins (born ) is a retired American basketball player and coach. He was born and raised in Syracuse, New York, where he attended Corcoran High School. Collins was the head coach of the men's basketball team at the University of Illinois at Chicago from 1996 to 2010, becoming the program's all-time winningest coach and leading UIC to its first-ever postseason appearances - NCAA Tournament appearances in 1998, 2002 and 2004, and an NIT showing in 2003.
Prior to his coaching tenure with the UIC Flames, Collins was a longtime assistant at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. There he had made a name for himself as one of the nation's best recruiters, helping lure Chicago area players such as eventual NBA veterans like Kendall Gill, Nick Anderson and the bulk of the Fighting Illini's 1989 Final Four team. Collins himself arrived in Champaign as an assistant to coach Lou Henson, who was also his coach as a player at New Mexico State University, where Collins was the captain of an Aggie squad that reached the 1970 Final Four. Collins was then drafted in the First Round of the NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls, enjoying a brief professional career with them and with the Carolina Cougars of the ABA.
On July 20, 2010, Collins announced his retirement as coach of the UIC Flames after 14 years at the helm.

</doc>
<doc id="9764407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764407" title="CKER-FM">
CKER-FM

CKER-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 101.7 FM in Edmonton, Alberta. The station airs a multilingual programming format branded as 101.7 World FM and is owned by Rogers Media.
History.
CKER-FM first hit the airwaves on November 1, 1980 on the AM dial as Edmonton's first and only multilingual station. It was owned by O.K. Radio Group which is headed up by Roger Charest and Stu Morton. The station operated at 1480 AM with a broadcasting power of 10,000 watts.
In 1982 O.K. Radio Group spun off CKER into a separate company- CKER Radio Ltd., a company that was headed up by Roger Charest as well as other investors.
In 1994, CKER was granted approval by the CRTC to move to the FM band at 101.9 MHz with an ERP of 64,000 watts, on a frequency previously used by CKO from 1978 to 1989. This would later be increased to 100,000 watts. On January 18, 2006, CKER received approval to move from 101.9 to 101.7 MHz in an effort to allieviate interference that was being caused to other stations.
On November 29, 2006, CKER-FM was sold to Rogers Communications who also purchased other stations owned by O.K. Radio Group. Rogers pledged to keep the station the same, with a multilingual format and the current branding of "World FM".
Programming.
CKER currently airs programming in over 15 languages serving over 12 ethnic groups. It has programming in the following languages: Arabic, Chinese (Cantonese & Mandarin), Croatian, Dutch, Filipino, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Serbian, Somali, Spanish and Ukrainian.

</doc>
<doc id="9764414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764414" title="Queen of Angels Academy (Compton, California)">
Queen of Angels Academy (Compton, California)

Queen of Angels Academy was a Roman Catholic high school for girls in Compton, California. It was established in 1995 through the merger of two all-girl schools, St. Michael's High School in Los Angeles, and Regina Caeli High School. The academy occupied the campus of the former Regina Caeli High School, a school with a 99% minority student body, administered by the Sisters of the Holy Family, a congregation of African-American Religious Sisters.
In December 2001, however,the Archdiocese of Los Angeles announced that the academy would close at the end of the current school year, citing declining enrollment and the high level of subsidy by the archdiocese as major factors. The following year the building was converted for use as St. Albert the Great Middle School, part of the parochial school located across the street.

</doc>
<doc id="9764424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764424" title="Martin Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Martin Township, McLean County, Illinois

Martin Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,289 and it contained 538 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764458" title="Money Creek Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Money Creek Township, McLean County, Illinois

Money Creek Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,085 and it contained 511 housing units.
The American frontiersman and preserver of the buffalo, Charles "Buffalo" Jones, was reared at Money Creek during the 1850s.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.75%) is land and (or 1.22%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764492" title="Mount Hope Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Mount Hope Township, McLean County, Illinois

Mount Hope Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,103 and it contained 455 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.96%) is land and (or 0.04%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764509" title="Winnowing barn">
Winnowing barn

Winnowing barns (or winnowing houses) were commonly found in South Carolina on antebellum rice plantations. A winnowing barn consists of a large shed on tall posts with a hole in the floor. Raw, husked rice was carried up into the barn by workers and then the grain was forced through the small hole. As the grain dropped to the ground, the lighter and undesirable chaff was carried away in the wind, leaving a mound of purified rice grains directly below the winnowing barn. The purified grain was then packed into barrels and carried down river to port cities for distribution.
Prior to the development of the winnowing barn, winnowing was done by hand using winnowing baskets — a long and labor-intensive process. Thus, the development of the winnowing barn helped South Carolina become the second largest exporter of rice in the world, next to Indonesia and the Far East.

</doc>
<doc id="9764517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764517" title="Normal Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Normal Township, McLean County, Illinois

Normal Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 52,560 and it contained 18,861 housing units. The majority of the township is occupied by the town of Normal.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.78%) is land and (or 0.19%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764527" title="Idhomene Kosturi">
Idhomene Kosturi

Idhomene Kosturi (1873 – 5 November 1943) was an Albanian politician, regent and once acting Prime Minister of Albania. 
Life.
Kosturi was born in Korçë. He was the second member of the Albanian Orthodox Church to become head of the Albanian government. He died in Durrës. Kosturi was also among the contributors to the first Albanian teachers' school, the Shkolla Normale e Elbasanit, a teacher training institution that was founded on 1 December 1909 in Elbasan.

</doc>
<doc id="9764546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764546" title="CJSI-FM">
CJSI-FM

CJSI-FM is a christian radio station that broadcasts at 88.9 FM from Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The station uses the on-air brand Shine FM, part of the Touch Canada Broadcast Network along with sister stations CJRY-FM in Edmonton and CJGY-FM in Grande Prairie.
The station received approval by the CRTC in 1996.
The station plays contemporary Christian music that is "safe and fun for the whole family", featuring artists like Third Day, Mercy Me, Natalie Grant, Toby Mac, Switchfoot and Lifehouse. Weekend specialty programs include the "CT-20", "The Sound of Light", "20 The Countdown Magazine", "Hope in Anguish" and "The Heart of Worship".

</doc>
<doc id="9764560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764560" title="Blues Is All Right">
Blues Is All Right

Blues is All Right is a studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was released on CD by the label Collectables on August 27, 1996, the same day as the compilation album "Billie Jean Blues". The album was produced by Swamp Dogg at several studios. "The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings" says that this album is the superior of it and "Billie Jean Blues" due to more varied material.

</doc>
<doc id="9764577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764577" title="Old Town Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Old Town Township, McLean County, Illinois

Old Town Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,010 and it contained 1,046 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764590" title="Stefania Toczyska">
Stefania Toczyska

Stefania Toczyska (née Krzywińska), born in Grudziądz, Poland, on February 19, 1943, is a Polish mezzo-soprano of international repute.
She lived in Toruń, where she attended the Music School ("little conservatory"). There, she married Romuald Toczyski, a music teacher. She moved in 1968 with her family to Gdańsk in order to pursue her higher education. There she studied voice in the Higher Music School (the subsequent Academy of Music) in the class of Barbara Iglikowska, receiving her final diploma (with distinction) in 1973. But even before that, during studies, she was building her career by winning awards in international vocal competitions in Toulouse (1971), Paris (1972) and 's-Hertogenbosch (1973).
Her debut occurred in 1973, on the stage of the Baltic State Opera House in Gdańsk, in the title role of "Carmen", and her fame and prestige began accordingly.
Initially, her activity was centered locally in Gdańsk, where she kept her position as the leading soloist in the Baltic State Opera, making also frequent guest visits to other opera houses. In 1975, the Baltic State Opera produced, especially for her, "Samson et Dalila" in 1975 (that same production seen also the next year in Warsaw), and "La favorite" by Donizetti in 1978 (also seen in Bremen the next year).
Her first appearance outside of Poland took place in Basel, when she sang the role of Amneris in "Aïda", in 1977. Soon after, with her international career established, she gave a farewell performance in Gdańsk on July 15, 1979, as Dalila, no longer singing regularly for the Baltic State Opera, eventually moving out of Poland and establishing her permanent residency in Vienna, her career centered from now on at the Staatsoper.
From there, she made frequent guest visits to sing on stages of various opera houses around the world, including her native country, particularly at the Teatr Wielki, Warsaw.
On September 16, 1979, she made her American stage debut in the San Francisco Opera, as Laura in "La Gioconda" (with Renata Scotto and Luciano Pavarotti), which was telecast "live" around the world. She made her first appearance at Royal Opera House in 1983 (as Amneris in "Aïda"), and also sang at the Teatro Colón, in Buenos Aires.
In 1988, Toczyska made her Metropolitan Opera debut, as Marfa in Mussourgsky's "Khovanshchina". She went on to sing there in "Aida", "Il trovatore", "La Gioconda", "Boris Godunov" (as Marina Mnichek), "Un ballo in maschera" (as Ulrica), "Rusalka" (as Jezibaba) and "Adriana Lecouvreur" (as the Princesse de Bouillon), with her last performance there, in 1997.
Her discography includes recordings of "Il trovatore" (as Azucena, opposite Katia Ricciarelli, José Carreras and Yury Mazurok, conducted by Sir Colin Davis, 1980) and Prokofiev's "War and Peace" (with Galina Vishnevskaya, conducted by Mstislav Rostropovich, 1986). She has also recorded the Polish songs by Frédéric Chopin, with Janusz Olejniczak. 
Her latest roles include "King Roger" (Warsaw, 2004), Prokofiev's "The Gambler" (as Babulenka, in Berlin, 2008) and Mamma Lucia in "Cavalleria Rusticana" (Paris, 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="9764603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764603" title="Paul Lorieau">
Paul Lorieau

Paul Joseph Lorieau (June 29, 1942 – July 2, 2013) was a Canadian optician who was the National Anthem singer for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League from 1981 to 2011. He was of French-Canadian descent.
Paul Joseph Lorieau was born the youngest of 7 children on June 29, 1942 in Legal, Alberta to Henri and Alexandrine Lorieau. Both of his parents had musical backgrounds, his mother playing the violin, and his father a "natural tenor". Around 1981 Lorieau had sent in an audition tape in a search for a new anthem singer in Edmonton at the request of Oilers media relations director Bill Tuele. Although the anthem singer at the time had already been selected, the tape from Lorieau, which had been sent in late as he had been in New York City at the time, had been considered and he ultimately ended up being given the job.
In response to the Canadian National Anthem being booed at the beginning of Game 2 of the 2006 NHL Western Conference Finals in Anaheim, when playing the next game in Edmonton, the Canadian crowd responded in their own fashion. At the beginning of Game 3 between the Ducks of Anaheim and the Oilers, he sang only a few lines of "O Canada" before letting the audience sing the rest of the song without him. This was done at all remaining Oilers home games throughout the rest of the 2006 playoffs, which included the Oilers appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals, and even at the first few Oilers home games at the beginning of the 2006–07 NHL season.
On March 23, 2011, Lorieau announced that he would retire at the end of the season. On April 8, 2011 when the Oilers played their final home game of the regular season, he performed in front of a sold-out Rexall Place one final time. A special pre-game ceremony was held to honour the Oilers longest-standing anthem singer and to give Oil Country a chance to salute Paul for 30 great years.
On July 2, 2013, Lorieau died in hospice of metastatic esophageal cancer, surrounded by his family. 

</doc>
<doc id="9764610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764610" title="Randolph Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Randolph Township, McLean County, Illinois

Randolph Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,375 and it contained 1,636 housing units.
Randolph Township was named for Gardner Randolph, who settled in the area around 1832, near a thick grove of trees later referred to as Randolph's Grove. The village of Heyworth is part of the township.
Randolph Township was formed in 1858 and sent its first supervisor to Bloomington, the county seat, on May 17, 1858. It is Township 22 North, Range 2 East and part of Township 21 North, Range 2 East of the Third Principal Meridian. It has part of the north tier of sections in Township 2, which were taken by McLean County between 1844 and 1849, instead of giving them back to DeWitt County, when it was formed. It is 6x8 instead of 6x6. It is bounded by Downs Township on the east; Bloomington Township on the north; Funk’s Grove Township on the west; and Wapella Township, in DeWitt County, on the south.
In 2008, Randolph Township officials were:
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.72%) is land and (or 0.28%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764648" title="Keith Brophy">
Keith Brophy

Keith Brophy (born July 6, 1962) was President of Business Development at NuSoft Solutions. He is also an author of three books on programming.
In March 2008 NuSoft Solutions was acquired by RCM Technologies and Brophy became the General Manager of the Enterprise Integration Services division of RCM.
Keith is a former Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year. He gives an annual Tech Trends speech (2009 being the 10th annual).
Brophy is the author of Teach Yourself VBScript in 21 Days, Teach Yourself ActiveX Control Programming With Visual Basic in 21 Days, and Visual Basic 4: Performance Tuning and Optimization.
Personal life.
Keith was born on July 6, 1962, to Gail and Gary Brophy. He has two older siblings, Rachel and Steve. Keith has three children from his first marriage, Virginia, Emma, and Benjamin, and is step-father to his current wife Sheila's three children - Addison, Mikkel and Keaton. He is an avid runner and enjoys spending time with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="9764673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764673" title="Towanda Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Towanda Township, McLean County, Illinois

Towanda Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,296 and it contained 555 housing units. It contains the town of Towanda, Illinois.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9764704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764704" title="Roll Over, Baby">
Roll Over, Baby

Roll Over, Baby is the fifth studio album released by blues guitarist, Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was recorded in April and May 1998 and released later that year in August on CD by the label Black Top.
Personnel.
Production:
Reception.
Allmusic says that "Guitar Shorty keeps it lean, mean and direct on this outing" and that the album "showcases the guitarist's wide-ranging chops and skills."

</doc>
<doc id="9764719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764719" title="Colombian tinamou">
Colombian tinamou

The Colombian tinamou, "Crypturellus erythropus columbianus", is a tinamou found in Córdoba, Sucre, Bolívar, and Antioquia in north-central Colombia. Little is known about it. It occurs in lowland moist forest and shrubland at elevation up to .
It is sometimes treated as a distinct species, and sometimes as a subspecies of the red-legged tinamou. The SACC rejected a proposal to elevate it to species status, arguing that the presently available data fail to support the split. BirdLife International followed this treatment; hence the Colombian tinamou has been dropped from the 2007 IUCN Red List.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Description.
The Colombian tinamou is approximately in length. It is a medium-sized brownish tinamou. It has a plain brown crown and white throat. Its upper parts are also plain brown with no barring, white notches in the secondaries and wing coverts. Its underparts are paler brown with dark barring near vent. The legs are pinkish-red in color. The Colombian Tinamou looks very similar to the Red-legged Tinamou ("Crypturellus erythropus"), however the Colombian tinamou is darker and has stronger barring.
Status and conservation.
It is threatened by deforestation of the lowlands forests om its range. In recent years, there has been a very rapid loss of habitat in the northern part of the Cordillera Central and the Serranía de San Lucas, where the remaining populations are concentrated. It was uplisted to Endangered (EN A2c+3c) by the IUCN in 2004, after being assessed as Near Threatened since 1988, but as mentioned above it is no longer included in the Red List, where instead considered a subspecies of the red-legged tinamou.
Currently no conservation measures are known. It has been proposed to survey to determine its precise distribution and ecological requirements, and find suitable habitat to protect these birds.

</doc>
<doc id="9764726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764726" title="West Township, McLean County, Illinois">
West Township, McLean County, Illinois

West Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 216 and it contained 94 housing units. West Township changed its name from Kickapoo Township on May 17, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.98%) is land and (or 0.02%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764757" title="Papal profession of faith (late 7th century)">
Papal profession of faith (late 7th century)

The "Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum" includes a formula of profession of faith that a newly elected Pope sent to the representative at Ravenna of the Emperor of Constantinople soon after the Third Council of Constantinople (680-681), which is referred to in the text as held "recently".
This profession of faith cannot have been presented to the Exarch of Ravenna at any time after the papacy revolted - soon after 727 (see Eutychius (exarch)) - against the Emperor. The Exarchate itself was finally extinguished in 752.
The profession of faith in the "Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum" is addressed to Saint Peter in a form somewhat reminiscent of an oath. However, the book nowhere calls it an oath.
Ambiguous expressions in some anti-Catholic writings could lead incautious readers to suppose that the text in the "Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum" was used by all newly elected Popes until the eleventh century and that it had been in use since the fifth century.
An example is William Webster's "An Ecumenical Council Officially Condemns a Pope for Heresy":
However, Webster does not expressly state that the formula in the "Liber Diurnus Romanorum Pontificum" was used by Popes from the fifth to the eleventh century, which would obviously be impossible. The "Liber Diurnus" formula speaks of the Third Council of Constantinople as recently held and mentions by name the Pope and the Emperor involved in the Council. Popes outside the 682-727 period would not have spoken of the 680-681 Council as recent, and it would be particularly ridiculous to suppose that Popes from two centuries before the Council knew anything whatever about that Council.
Source.
Patrologia Latina, 105, columns 9-188

</doc>
<doc id="9764759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764759" title="White Oak Township, McLean County, Illinois">
White Oak Township, McLean County, Illinois

White Oak Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 899 and it contained 355 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764780" title="Daken">
Daken

Akihiro, also codename as Daken is a fictional comic book supervillain appearing in books published by Marvel Comics. Daken is the mutant son of Wolverine and his deceased wife Itsu. He possesses superhuman abilities similar to his father (e.g., healing factor, retractable claws), and was a member of the Dark Avengers under the name Wolverine until the conclusion of the 2010 storyline, "Siege". Daken was ranked sixth in Comics Alliance's "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics" list and is often recognized for his sex appeal.
Publication history.
Daken first appeared in "Wolverine Origins #10". He becomes a member of the Dark Avengers, as part of "Dark Reign", taking the role of his father. The character also becomes the lead in the "Wolverine" series, which becomes "Dark Wolverine" in issue #75. Brian Bendis, writer of "Dark Avengers" has said:
Daken is one of the best things to come out of 'Origins,' and what better way to piss off his father? He's an iconic and legacy character attached to a number of cool things in the Marvel Universe, but he really hasn't had a lot of face time with it. So we can really roll up our sleeves and see what we've got there and help create a character.
As part of the team he is also a part of the crossover "Dark Avengers / Uncanny X-Men: Utopia". He appeared as a regular character in the "Dark Avengers" series from issue #1 (March 2009) through issue #16 (June 2010).
"Dark Wolverine" continued after the end of "Dark Reign" and finished with issue #90 with the prelude for the "Empire" storyline, that continued in the new series "Daken: Dark Wolverine" #1. Writer Rob Williams took over the series in 2011, starting with issue #9.1.
In November 2011, it was announced that 'Daken: Dark Wolverine' would be coming to a close. The series ended with issue #23.
Fictional character biography.
In 1946 as Wolverine is living in Jasmine Falls, Japan with his pregnant wife Itsu, Romulus sends the Winter Soldier to kill Itsu. After Itsu's death, a mysterious man cuts baby Daken from his mother's womb leaving her body lying on the floor. Daken survives this incident due to inherent healing factor. Sometime in the year 1946, Daken is placed at the doorstep of Akihira and Natsumi, a wealthy young and traditional Japanese couple. They take his presence as an answer to their prayers and raise him as their own. Though he is named Akihiro by his father, the servants and other families of the province secretly refer to him as Daken (, "bastard dog" or "mongrel"), a slur on his obvious mixed heritage. As Akihiro grows, he is often teased by the other boys of the village. His harsh treatment over the years causes Akihiro to develop a very cold personality, directed at everyone except his father. One night, Natsumi confesses to Akihira that she does not love their adopted son and that, after long years of trying, she is pregnant. Akihiro overhears the talk and begins plotting. Within a year, after the birth of the baby, Akihiro confronts his mother and tells her that he has killed her son. Upon learning this, Akihira is furious and disowns Akihiro, who angrily responds that "Akihiro" is not his true name anyway. Natsumi suddenly appears and tries to run him through, triggering the unsheathing of his mutant claws. He waves his arm, accidentally slashing Natsumi. Akihira, unable to force himself to harm his son, commits suicide. Romulus then appears to the boy for the first time and tells him that he is what the boy will someday become.
In the present, Daken disguises himself as a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and infiltrates a facility where his father is imprisoned. He stabs Dum Dum Dugan and confronts his father for the first time. He slashes Logan across the stomach and leaves him to bleed on the floor, just as his mother was left many years before. Daken is revealed to have "aided" his father's escape, though not for benevolent reasons.
He is next seen in Berlin at the home of a woman with whom he has been cruelly, and romantically, toying. He allowed her to witness him kissing another man on a date, although unbeknownst to her, he later murdered the man to acquire a passport. Knowing that she would drink an entire bottle of burgundy, he secretly poisons it, resulting in her death. He had to end the relationship and her life so that no loose ends could be left to tie him to his crimes.
While still in Germany, Daken is then contacted by an anonymous messenger who reminds him of his displeased master's "ultimate goal". Daken then dispatches the messenger to again make sure no trace of his presence is left. Later he appears on a train to Brussels, watching his father in a nearby stolen car. He then receives a phone call from an unknown "friend" (who is actually the resurrected Cyber), confirming his father's destination.
Shadowing his father into a bank vault in Brussels that contains the carbonadium synthesizer, Daken engages Wolverine in a bloody battle with Daken demonstrating great fighting prowess and similar speed and agility to his father. As Wolverine is hampered in the feud by his lack of desire to kill his son and his fading belief that Daken can be redeemed, he quickly loses the upper hand despite his greater experience and training. Their fight is interrupted when Cyber breaks into the vault and challenges Daken. It is then revealed that Daken trained under Cyber in the past. Cyber mentions that Daken is a better and faster fighter than he is, and was his finest student. However, Cyber's imperviousness and greater strength make that a moot point, as he later explains to Wolverine. Daken refuses to lead Cyber to his master and flees the fight, leaving his father and his mentor to deal with each other.
Daken is then seen in the presence of Wild Child, and a scarred, expressionless torturer who whips him with a gasoline soaked length of rope. He pleads for mercy, but receives only a warning from his "master" to stay away from his father.
Daken had spent the last couple of months being tortured under observation by Wild Child, who is acting on orders from their mutual master, Romulus.
Daken returns and fights Deadpool and Wolverine, managing to knock Deadpool unconscious after a long fight. Daken is then confronted by Wolverine, only to be shot in the back of the head by Winter Soldier. Wolverine explains that he set up the entire scenario and leaves with the unconscious Daken, later revealed to have amnesia due to the bullet.
During "", Daken is tracked down by Sebastian Shaw and Mister Sinister to help Daken regain his memories. In the finale of "Original Sin", Daken finally learns the truth behind Itsu's death and has joined Wolverine in seeking revenge against Romulus. However, Daken seemingly betrays Wolverine to Cyber afterward. It was later revealed it was all a plan to get to Cyber's secrets. After learning them, Daken apparently kills Cyber, leaving his body to Wolverine. During a conversation between Wolverine and Nick Fury, Fury reveals that he believes Daken is going after the Muramasa Blade that Wolverine left in Cyclops' care. The sword has various mystical properties, including the ability to disable superhuman regenerative powers. Fury believes that Daken intends to take the sword and have the metal bonded to his bone claws after stating that the Tinkerer would know how to do such a thing and had last been spotted in New York City.
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, Norman Osborn puts together a new group of Avengers, recruiting Daken as his own Wolverine, letting him wear a version of his father's brown and tan costume. Cyclops sees him as a liability and plans to kill him with the Muramasa Blade to protect the image of the X-Men. It is revealed, however, that he agreed to join the Dark Avengers as a way to draw out Cyclops to take the Muramasa Blade from his possession. When the X-Men attack him, he takes a piece of the blade and brings it to the Tinkerer, who then bonds the metal to the claws on his wrists. After that, he is seen alongside the other Dark Avengers fighting Morganna le Fay's demons.
When Spider-Man enters Avengers Tower pretending to be Mac Gargan, he is first ambushed by Daken who knew he was not Mac via scent. However, he is eventually incapacitated by Spider-Man after he pummeled Daken and threw him into an electric generator.
In "Dark Reign: Sinister Spider-Man", Daken and Bullseye are sent by Norman Osborn to kill Mac Gargan. However, he is beaten badly by Gargan, when Mac threw him through a building.
In "Dark Reign: The List – Punisher" after repeated failed attempts to kill Frank Castle, Norman Osborn sends Daken and a platoon of H.A.M.M.E.R. troops to complete this mission. After a bloody round of hand-to-hand combat, Daken dismembers and decapitates Castle, before kicking his remains from a rooftop. Castle's body parts are collected and spirited away by Moloids seemingly operating under the protection of Man-Thing where Castle's body was put back together and revived as FrankenCastle.
In "Incredible Hulk" #603, Bruce Banner lures his son Skaar into a fight between him and Daken. Daken uses his pheromones to calm Skaar down, reducing him to his human form. Skaar then asks Daken to kill him as he was guilty of the destruction he has caused back home, but Wolverine and Banner intervene. The two father-son teams battle, but the fight is stopped when Banner says that Skaar has learned his lesson and Daken abruptly leaves Wolverine behind.
Daken also becomes a member of Osborn's Dark X-Men. He also remains on the Dark Avengers team, though he takes the Dark X-Men's side in their quarrel with the Dark Avengers. When Bullseye asks him which side he was on, he replies that he "always did like playing for both teams."
However, Daken's loyalty to Osborn and true motives remain questionable, as Daken constantly mentions that "Osborn thinks I'm working for him". This puts him at odds with Bullseye and Ares. He secretly assists the Fantastic Four in helping them break into Avengers Tower to steal incriminating evidence against Osborn while trying to clear their name against Osborn, but was foiled by Bullseye. Ms. Marvel tried to psychoanalyze him and assuage her feelings for him, but Daken rebuked her and Osborn.
During Norman Osborn's Siege of Asgard, it is revealed that Daken intended to turn on Osborn. He appears to murder him, but this was later revealed to be a hallucination caused by the Asgardian divinities who represent fate. Daken attempts to fight Thor, who strikes him down with a massive bolt of lightning before the two can even face off. Once the Siege ends with the Void's death, Osborn's Avengers are rounded up and arrested. Daken is the only one to escape, doing so by killing and disguising himself as an army soldier.
Daken turns on Romulus because he figures out that Romulus really wanted Wolverine to take over his operation and not Daken. Daken stabs Romulus with his wrist-claws, but before he can deliver the killing blow, Wolverine has Cloak teleport Romulus to the Dark Force dimension. Logan thinks about simply beheading Romulus as he did with Sabretooth, but instead decides to leave him stranded forever.
He then goes back to Daken. They start to fight, but Logan stays calm. He parries Daken's angry attacks, then stabs him through with his claws. While Daken is unconscious, Logan rips out his Muramasa wrist claws. He then buries the claws with the remains of the Muramasa Blade in a grave near the Howlett estate, and Daken is shown with scars running up the insides of his forearms.
Daken, later seen at a nightclub, is attacked by the now monstrous Punisher (now known as Franken-Castle), who is seeking revenge. After a brutal fight Daken is defeated but decides to hunt Franken-Castle to continue the fight and retrieve the Bloodstone integrated into Fraken-Castle's new physical form. After following Franken-Castle's trail, Daken encounters a series of devastating traps before meeting his foe again. After a second brutal hand-to-hand battle, Daken is severely injured and retreats. Franken-Castle finds him and, after damaging Daken even more, is about to throw him into a mass of concrete foundation (presumably to kill him). However, Franken-Castle is stabbed in the chest from behind, by Wolverine, who states he is intervening in his plans to kill his son.
Escaping as the two fight, Daken gains the upper hand by incapacitating the Punisher (ramming him with a truck) and takes the Bloodstone, giving him increased strength and speed. It unfortunately accelerated his healing factor, which upon being wounded it would create tumors after healing him. He is ultimately defeated when the Punisher shoves a phosphorus grenade into his chest, turning him into a tumor ridden monstrosity, simultaneously informing Daken that his attempts to taunt him failed because Punisher built his own reputation from the ground up while Daken is riding his father's reputation rather than trying to create his own. Wolverine removes the stone and returns it to Frank, but before Frank can give the coup de grace, Daken cuts himself out of the tumor mass and disappears.
Daken has a brief alliance with X-23, the female clone of his father. They confront the murderous Malcolm Colcord, the former director of Weapon X.
In issue #9.1 In the Aftermath of the X-23/Daken crossover "Collision" Daken is "cleaning up house" in Madripoor by either getting the rest of the criminal underworld to agree to serve him, or eradicating his enemies. A man named Tan Kim Seng falls into the latter category. Daken kills all of Tan's finest killers leaving only a British entrepreneur named Hunt and Tan left cornered in his office. Tan is having a final drink as Daken breaks into the room. Tan states that he only trades with business men, not "Awun" which is Taiwanese for God of Destruction. Tan states that he knows that Daken is Patch's (aka Wolverine) son, and when he looks in Daken's eyes he tells him that his soul is gone. He berates Daken further by comparing him to his father Wolverine. This ultimately leads to his demise by a gunshot to his forehead. Tan's final words weigh heavy in Daken's mind later throughout the night. Daken decides to pay a visit to the Avenger's Tower. He sets up a scenario that makes it look like the Avengers Tower is under attack. Wolverine picks up on Daken's scent. Wolverine is ambushed by Daken. Daken states that he knew what Wolverine was planning by having the team split up, so no harm would come to them. Daken lets Wolverine know that he did not come to kill him, but to say that he was going be missing for a while, and is going to live outside of Wolverine's shadow. Wolverine questions what he meant, but when Wolverine turns around, Daken is gone. Daken having a vast amount of money from his exploits in Madripoor, decides to start a new empire in the city of Los Angeles. He enters an expensive house that belonged to a previous couple that is lying dead on the steps at the entrance of the home. Daken looks at a marvelous view of Los Angeles and narrates to himself that he is not going to destroy, but to create.
The story starts off with Daken wearing a Captain America mask, and is trying to pull off an "Italian Job" on the Los Angeles interstate 110 but is caught in a battle with the military. Daken makes it to the armor car, but begins to go through withdrawals from a drug called "Heat". Daken promised himself that he would not take the drug before the heist, but decides to take the drug. Immediately after the drug is taken, he begins to hallucinate very heavily during the heist.
Seven days earlier, Daken is at a party in Hollywood with actors, directors, musicians, agents, executives, and beautiful women. Despite the lavish ambiance, Daken is extremely bored with the Hollywood facade. Daken's true motive for being at the party is to find a lead to who secretly controls Hollywood so he can take over. He was under the impression that Los Angeles was wide open due to "The Pride" losing control of the city. Daken was told by his fixer that the owner of the house and host of the party Marcus Roston, who also happens to be on Hollywood's A-List, has information as to who is pulling the strings in Hollywood. As Daken attempts to enter Roston's section, he is blocked by two bodyguards. Daken attempts to talk with one of them saying that he has a big deal. He is immediately disparaged by one of the guards. This causes Daken to attack him and break his nose. Immediately Daken is feeling the effects of the drug "Heat" and is disoriented even though his healing factor should have stopped it. He is knocked unconscious by the other bodyguard.
In an undisclosed part of Los Angeles, there is an up-and-coming actor who is being chased by some kind of serial killer. The actor is murdered during the night. The next day, the LAPD is investigating the crime scene. Two detectives are making jokes when one of them warns the other of "Narnia" approaching the scene. This happens to be F.B.I. agent Donna Kiel. Donna lets the detectives know as she is investigating the crime scene that she understands the not-so-subliminal joke, because she is ice cold like the witch in the children's story.
Daken becomes conscious in front of the two bodyguards and Marcus Roston himself. Daken is surprised about the pills. Marcus confirms that he knows about them. He also berates Daken, stating that he is not a big deal due to the fact that he does not know him. As he threatens him, Daken dispatches his guards. Marcus attempts to bargain with Daken. Daken tells him that he not only wants money, he also wants power and validation. Marcus begs that he will do anything for his life to be spared. Daken grabs Marcus by his head and engages in a kiss with him and seduces the celebrity. Daken only did this to suit his needs and get connections to who is controlling the Los Angeles underworld and to get access to more of "The Heat".
F.B.I. agent Donna Kiel confirmed who the victim of the serial killer was. She makes a snide remark about one less actor in Hollywood. The victim was killed by claws. She walks back to her office and it shows numerous pictures of Daken on her wall. Daken is considered a prime suspect for the serial killings.
Six days earlier, Daken and Marcus are watching a final cut from an upcoming movie that Marcus is the lead in. Daken tells him that he feels the movie is simplistic. Marcus explains to Daken that the audience loves things that are simple. He does wish to do an indie film which is more personal, but he has to strike while his fame is on the rise as a leading man in movies. Daken insults Marcus by suggesting that he should be a queen. Marcus replies that if he comes "out of the closet" his acting career will suffer, and he says that if Daken cannot understand that, he does not understand the movie business. Daken shows his claws and threatens Marcus to tell him his dealer of the "heat pills". Marcus asks Daken why he loves the pills so much.
Daken goes into a narration to the reader about the pills. As Daken is narrating, there are scenes of him in a state of euphoria as he meets up with Marcus's dealer, and shoots him twice in the thighs. The dealer gives up his supplier as Daken cuts him with his claws. Daken also states the supplier psychically told him the location of where the Los Angeles crime bosses are holding a secret meeting. Daken then goes to the nightclub where the dealer's supplier is enjoying a night out, and things get really ugly, but Daken does not care, because he loves the euphoria of the "heat pills".
During an investigation before Daken can discover who is the mysterious Kingpin of Los Angeles, he had a confrontation with the hero Moon Knight.
A beaten up and broken Daken discovers the properties of the heat pills are from non-human blood, confirming his suspicions that the blood belongs to a member of the Pride. An angry Daken wonders how to kill a member of the Pride but realizes he does not know, so he heads to people who do - their children, the Runaways. The Runaways, however, do not take lightly to his appearance and immediately attack him. Daken manages to talk them down, and reveals that he believes Roston to be an exiled member of The Pride. Chase confirms that he recognizes Roston as "Uncle Eli", a distant relative he had not seen in some time. Daken asks the Runaways to prepare to fight while he tracks down Roston.
Daken meets Donna Kiel at a restaurant. Daken, attempting to make a joke, is stopped by a distressed and perturbed Donna. Donna forces Daken to admit why they are meeting, but Daken does not. Donna, being impatient states to him that they were meeting up to find out if they are going to fall in love. Donna then calls him a coward, and a scared little boy due to him not saying this. Those comments anger Daken to the point of grabbing Donna and popping out his claws. Donna states that she has not part of the super hero, mutant, and clone club, and offered Daken a chance to admit who he truly is. She tells him that she is smart and Daken cannot hide himself from her. She says she does not want to be a cliche and wants to be real. Daken and Donna the share a long passionate kiss, before Donna stops the embrace. Daken questions why, and she tells him that he is a murderer, cop killer, and a monster. Daken laughs hysterically and then is smacked. Daken admits that this is who he is and has no computations about murder and sleeps well at night. Donna screams at him saying that he was not capable of feeling love, and just because they were both tortured by Roston and shared an addiction does not mean they should be together. She questions how she could ever fall in love with a man like that. Daken replies that she is the same as him. She retorts no, because sh has never killed anyone. Daken insists that Donna comes with him, so he can help her. He takes her to an underground basement. To Donna's surprise, she sees three men that are tied up and look like they have been tortured. Donna states that she is F.B.I. and that he is out of his mind. Daken says that she rationalizes her psychotic tendencies by catching other psychopaths. He gives her a gun and attempts to convince her to pull the trigger so she can released her repressed emotions and be free. Donna admits to Daken that this is true. Daken does achieve this goal, but not to the desired affect, as she points the gun towards Daken. She knows his healing factor is gone, and he can be killed. Before she can arrest him, Daken in defense, cuts off her hand. Daken in disbelief, question why she would do that. She replies that the world is better off without him. Daken covers her wound saying that she does not mean that, because she came back to save him and no one has ever done that for him. She says to him that she did not come back for him, but she was trying to stop a monster. Daken in disbelief after being rejected turns and walks away. As he enters the elevator, he makes a final attempt to gain her love by saying that he will change. She simply responds with "No you won't." Donna later walks to towards a police car asking for medical assistance. Daken had come to Los Angeles to build his empire but after being rejected, lost his sense of self, purpose, and drive.
Daken seeks out Mister Fantastic who informs him that the Heat pills have destroyed his healing factor which will result in his death. He advises they could study Wolverine's healing factor to help but Daken refuses. Daken finds his father and doses him with Heat and sets off a chain of events that will bring his story to a brutal end. Daken went to Los Angeles to build something for himself. There, he tried to take over the city's criminal underworld becoming L.A.'s Kingpin. During his mission he met and fell in love with FBI agent Donna Kiel, that shared some of the traits that made Daken unique. But he was rejected by her, and cut her arms.
After months of trying, he failed at becoming the head of the underworld in Los Angeles, and he was defeated using the powerful drug Heat, that gave him hallucinations and burned down his healing factor. Dying, he returned to New York to "go out with a bang", drugging his father and taking him to watch his "show". He bombed the headquarters of the Avengers and the Fantastic Four, installed bombs around the city and drugged and easily subdued Mister Fantastic. After a long battle with the heroes of the city and without a healing factor, he started to die. Daken asked for his father, hugged him and asked him to forgive him. But before Logan could say anything, Daken said he was actually sorry for putting a bomb at the Jean Grey School for Higher Learning and immolated himself with a bomb, leaving no body to bury. Wolverine rushed to his school to find nothing but a little doll of him, realizing that Daken's plan was just to leave him with nothing.
Though it has yet to be disclosed how Daken turns up alive, he is revealed to be the secret mastermind behind the latest incarnation of the Brotherhood of Mutants (consisting of Sabretooth, Mystique, Shadow King, Skinless Man, the Blob from Earth-295, and the Omega Clan) in plot to attack the members of X-Force. Wolverine and Daken face off in an emotionally charged battle. During the fight, there are flashes of how Daken wished his life had played out with Wolverine like living happily together with Daken's mother Itsu. Daken finally meets his end when his father drowns him. Wolverine tells Daken that he blames himself and wishes he could have protected Daken more. The issue ends with Wolverine imagining the happy life they could have had.
The Apocalypse Twins later resurrect Daken through the use of a Celestial Death Seed, and make him part of their new Horsemen of Death. He sends a worm creature to capture Wolverine, and confronts his father when the creature returns with him.
Powers and abilities.
Like Wolverine, Daken's primary mutant power is an accelerated healing factor that allows him to rapidly regenerate damaged bodily tissue much faster and more extensively than a normal human is capable of. Daken's healing factor is advanced enough to allow him to fully heal from multiple gunshot wounds, punctures, slashes and broken bones within a matter of minutes. Daken's healing factor also grants him an extended lifespan by dramatically slowing his natural aging process. Although he is over 60 years old, he has the appearance of a man in his physical prime. However, Daken's accelerated healing powers aren't as powerful as those possessed by his father. In spite of his advanced healing, it is possible for Daken to die. Like most other beings, human or superhuman, Daken requires oxygen and can die if kept within a vacuum and can drown if held under water long enough. 
Daken's senses, particularly sight, smell, and hearing are all heightened to some degree of superhuman accuracy. He can see much farther and with greater clarity than a normal human, even retaining much of this clarity in near total darkness. Daken's hearing is similarly enhanced, enabling him to detect sounds normal humans cannot and sounds they ordinarily could but at much greater distances. Daken's sense of smell enables him to recognize people and objects by scent, even if they are well hidden. He can track a target by scent, even if the scent has been greatly eroded by time and weather factors, with an extraordinary degree of success.
As a by-product of his healing factor, a number of Daken's physical attributes have been heightened to superhuman levels including his stamina, agility and reflexes. These attributes are sufficiently heightened to allow him to effectively engage beings such as his father, Spider-Man and Skaar in combat. 
Daken also had three retractable bone claws housed within each forearm, though their configuration and appearance are somewhat different from those of Wolverine. Two claws extend between his knuckles, while a third one extends from the underside of his wrist. The texture of the claws in his knuckles appears to be porous and dark in color, unlike the claws Wolverine possesses in their natural bone state, as seen in "Wolverine: Origin". It was recently revealed in the pages of "Dark Reign: Hawkeye" that his claws have a naturally ferrous or metallic composition, allowing him to penetrate materials such as metal; he was able to penetrate stolen Iron Man armor being used by a thief. Recently, the claws which extended from the underside of each wrist had been bonded with a piece of the metal taken from the Muramasa Blade. The mystic properties of the blade enables it to inflict wounds greatly nullifying superhuman healing factors. Wolverine cut both of Daken's Muramasa steel coated claws out of his arms with the Muramasa Blade and due to the properties of the Muramasa Blade, the removed claws have not grown back as quickly as they normally would.
Daken's mind is naturally resistant to telepathic probes and assaults. As a result of Romulus' conditioning, Daken's mind contains a certain, undescribed "trap" for most telepaths who attempt to push too far into his mind.
He also possesses pheromone manipulation that suppresses his scent and alters emotions and sensory perception of others, e.g. sexual attraction, psychotic rage, rational thinking, etc. However certain individuals have proven immune to Daken's pheromones, most notably Hulkling, a Skrull/Kree hybrid, and The Hulk's son, Skaar, a Human/Oldstrong hybrid.
Skills and personality.
Unlike Wolverine, Daken has no moral compunction about killing, which he has done in a professional capacity for the majority of his life. In his appearances he is seen brutally murdering several people, even as a child.
Daken has formidable hand to hand combat skills, though the extent of his exact training has yet to be revealed. However, he has proven capable of defeating his father Wolverine, Deadpool, and Cyber (who at one point was Daken's instructor and has acknowledged that Daken is a better fighter than himself). Cyber, however, does not consider Daken a worthy opponent due to his lack of an adamantium skeleton. His ability to appear outside his opponent's field of vision is a direct result of his training since he has no superhuman speed.
According to Emma Frost, Daken has been heavily and irreversibly brainwashed, though Professor Xavier does not share her view that it is irreversible. Daken acknowledges that Wolverine is his biological father and yet harbors a deep hatred toward him, believing that Wolverine is merely an animal while he is a far more skilled professional combatant. Daken once showed loyalty to a mysterious figure known as Romulus, who has been a powerful influence in the lives of Wolverine, Wild Child, Sabretooth, and Cyber. With Xavier's help, Daken has seen his first images of his mother through Wolverine's memories.
Sexual orientation.
Daken has been portrayed as bisexual, having engaged in sexual situations with both men and women. Daken kissed a man in "Wolverine: Origins" #11; however the encounter also served to further toy with a woman he had been romantically seeing and later, Daken killed the man in question. In "Dark Wolverine" #75 it is vaguely suggested Daken has had a sexual encounter with a male employee of Norman Osborn, but this was also shown as a means to access top-secret files. Later in the same issue, Daken makes a pass at Mac Gargan however the context is ambiguous, possibly facetious. In the same issue, Daken uses his pheromones to "engage" a female H.A.M.M.E.R. agent. In "Dark Avengers #7", Daken humorously states how he "...always did like playing for both teams," a double entendre referencing bisexuality and his membership in both the Dark Avengers and Dark X-Men. In "Dark Wolverine" #76, Daken uses his pheromones in order to manipulate the Thing, goading him with homoerotic remarks. During the Siege of Asgard, Daken also made a flirtatious pass at Bullseye dressed as Hawkeye, also managing to kiss him on-panel. In "Dark Reign: Young Avengers" #5, Daken attempts to uses his pheromones during a fight against Hulkling, a gay male superhero. Daken has also been shown on numerous occasions engaging in heterosexual behavior and sleeping with female characters.
At the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International, Marjorie Liu commented (on Daken's sexuality) that "will do anyone and anything [to achieve his goals and he's past that kind of identification. He's beyond it." Daniel Way added that Daken's sexuality will be addressed later on, but it's more about his personality. "He's no more homosexual than he is heterosexual. It's about control." Marjorie Liu later confirmed Daken's bisexuality in a 2011 video interview with Newsarama.
Relationships.
Wolverine.
Daken is the son of Logan (Wolverine) and Itsu. Daken hates Logan and has sworn that he will kill him and ruin his legacy.
X-23.
Wolverine's clone/daughter is the closest thing Daken has to a sister. Daken and Laura's relationship echoes Sabretooth's and Wolverine's, in that they are opposites of each other. Laura believes in right and wrong, doing the right thing despite her upbringing, and cares about the people around her. For Daken the only thing that matters is what he wants and it has been implied that the only person Daken is capable of loving is himself.
Alternate Versions.
What If?
In a recent "What If?" issue, Logan was present when Daken was born and was able to save him from the people who would have raised him in the original course of events, taking him to live in seclusion in the mountains in the hope that he could raise John Howlett (as Daken is known in this timeline) away from the kind of life he has lived himself. However, despite his attempts to ensure privacy by turning Professor X away when he came to recruit Logan to join the X-Men, Logan's attempts to suppress Daken's darker instincts failed when Sabretooth found them, revealing the truth about his father's past to John. Leaving his father, John became a brutal killer, roaming various cities and killing his opponents, proclaiming that Logan made him what he is by denying him his heritage. Concluding that he will never bring anything good into the world, Logan stabs John in the heart with the Muramasa Blade, subsequently impaling himself to end his own dark stain on the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9764799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764799" title="Ontario Highway 634">
Ontario Highway 634

Secondary Highway 634, also known as Highway 634, is a remote highway that travels through Northern Ontario from its southern terminus at Highway 11 in Smooth Rock Falls, Ontario to the Abitibi Canyon Generating Station at the community of Abitibi Canyon, Ontario.
It is the second highway in Ontario to be named Highway 634 (with the original Highway 634 being near Sudbury). Its original designation was Highway 807, but was renumbered in 1977, shortly after a route renumbering. The road was re-aligned around the eastern part of Smooth Rock Falls in the mid-1990s.
Although the 2003 Ontario Official Road Map shows the road as completely paved for its entire length, the northernmost are gravel-surfaced. There are no gas stations on this road, aside from in Smooth Rock Falls.
Route description.
Highway 634 is a long and isolated bush highway that connects the Abitibi Canyon hydroelectric dam with the rest of the province, as well as serving the small community of Smooth Rock Falls. The road is in length. Like most other two-lane roads in Ontario, the speed limit is 80 km/h (50 mph) although there are sections where such cannot be maintained. The first is paved, with the last is gravel. Overall, conditions on the road are good, with several uneven and rough spots.
Communities along this road are listed from south to north:
A forest road travels west from Fraserdale to the community of Smokey Falls.
History.
The southern terminus was originally Highway 11 in Smooth Rock Falls, but after the massive highway downloading that took place province-wide in 1998, the portion of the road within the town limits of Smooth Rock Falls was downloaded to the town, and is no longer provincially-maintained, making another of several "detached highways" (one that is not connected to other provincially-maintained roads in the network).
Highway 634 was originally designated to a highway in the Sudbury area in the 1960s and early 1970s.
Before becoming the current Highway 634, this road was numbered as Highway 807, which is also a re-used highway number (as the number was used near Atikokan in the early 1980s).

</doc>
<doc id="9764816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764816" title="Shayne Mallard">
Shayne Mallard

Maxwell "Shayne" Mallard (born "circa" 1964) is an Australian political figure in the inner Sydney area who represented the Liberal Party as a Councillor on the South Sydney Council between 2000 and 2004, and then the Council of the City of Sydney between 2004 and 2012.
Political background and Council career.
Mallard was President of the New South Wales branch of the Young Liberals from 1993 to 1994, succeeding John Brogden, who later became leader of the NSW Liberal Party and NSW Leader of the Opposition.
Prior to election to the City of Sydney Council in March 2004, Mallard served as a Councillor on the South Sydney City Council, from July 2000. In 2004, both Councils were amalgamated. Mallard is the first Liberal endorsed candidate elected to the City of Sydney. In 2008, Mallard ran against sitting candidate, Clover Moore, for the popularly elected position of Lord Mayor, gaining 14% of the vote. Moore was re-elected.
Mallard was instrumental in setting up the City's register of same-sex relationships. Mallard has been accused of using the Liberal Party to advance the gay marriage issue, putting him in opposition to many party members, including the Federal Leader, Tony Abbott but putting him in support with former Federal Leader, Malcolm Turnbull who is the federal Member for Wentworth.
In 2009, Mallard faced two accusations of misconduct and for breaching Council's code of conduct. The first alleged indiscretion related to debating and voting on a development application before Council from a property developer that had allegedly made a donation to support Mallard's re-election to Council. Using parliamentary privilege, Lee Rhiannon, a Greens Member of NSW Legislative Council, accused Mallard of a second indiscretion by receiving illegal donations through provision of rent by a third party during the 2008 local government election campaign. Mallard admitted to the first breach before Council and asked the matter to be referred to the NSW Department of Local Government for investigation. He denied the second allegation. The Department of Local Government investigation cleared Mallard of allegations that he breached the Council’s code of conduct.
Following an earlier announcement that he would again run against Moore for the popularly elected position of Lord Mayor, in June 2012 Mallard announced that he would not contest the 2012 local government elections. In September 2012, Mallard was endorsed as the Liberal Party candidate for the NSW Legislative Assembly seat of Sydney at the 2012 Sydney by-election but was beaten by Clover Moore-backed independent candidate Alex Greenwich.
Personal.
Mallard's early career was in marketing and advertising. In 1995 Mallard took a career sabbatical and established a small business in horticulture with his brother in the inner city suburb of Darlinghurst.
Mallard, who is gay, is in a same-sex relationship with Jesper Hansen. On 20 July 2012 it was reported that Mallard and Danish born Hansen will marry in a Lutheran Church in Copenhagen in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9764820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764820" title="Yates Township, McLean County, Illinois">
Yates Township, McLean County, Illinois

Yates Township is located in McLean County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 287 and it contained 121 housing units. Yates Township formed as Union Township from Chenoa Township on June 5, 1862. Union was changed to Yates sometime prior to 1920.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9764824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764824" title="The Agency (2007 TV series)">
The Agency (2007 TV series)

The Agency is an American reality series that aired on VH1 in 2007. 
Overview.
The series followed modeling agents that worked for the men and women's high-end division of the Wilhelmina Modeling Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="9764860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764860" title="André Medici">
André Medici

André Medici (Rio de Janeiro, 28 February 1956) is a Brazilian health economist with a background in health strategy, public and private health financing in Latin America and the Caribbean, social security and pensions, economic reform, gender health issues, environmental protection, and globalization. He is currently a Senior Health Specialist at the Inter-American Development Bank, in Washington, DC. 
Family.
Medici was born into a well-known family who had migrated to Brazil from Italy. He married his first girlfriend, Fatima, in 1978. In 1982, his only child was born, a daughter, Camila.
Career.
Medici played a part on the planning, development and implementation of the Sistema Único de Saúde (SUS - Unitary System of Health) which allows underprivileged Brazilians to have access to health care and prescription medication. He currently focuses on drafting and implementing health care reforms in various Latin American countries via the Inter American Development Bank.
Medici is a senior health specialist of the Sustainable Development Department of the Inter American Development Bank (IDB). In Brazil, he occupied several public positions as Deputy Director of Population and Social Indicators of the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (1985-1986), Co-ordinator of Post Graduation Courses of the National School of Statistics (1991); Director of Social Policy Studies of the Institute of Public Sector Economy (1992-1994). He was also a professor and researcher at the Department of Economy and Sociology of the Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro (1980-1989) and the National School of Public Health (1981-1991). His current academic activities include courses in the Latin American Center of Human Economy (CLAEH) in Uruguay and in the University of São Paulo (USP), Brazil, where he is teaching leading subjects in health economics in post-graduate courses, and special seminars at George Washington University.
Publications.
Among his published work, including books and hundreds of papers, are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9764872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764872" title="The Ugly Swans">
The Ugly Swans

The Ugly Swans () is a science fiction novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky. In the USSR, it was published in 1987, in the Latvian magazine "Daugava", with the title "The Time of Rains" (). Later it was included as a story within a story in Strugatsky's "Limping Destiny", where the protagonist, Felix Sorokin, secretly works on the novel. 
Initially, the novel was written in 1966-1967 to be published in the Soviet literary magazine "Molodaya Gvardiya", but the publication was rejected by censor due to prominent political and free-thought overtones in the novel. It circulated in samizdat, and in 1972 was published without the authors' permission abroad, in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
In 2006, a loose film adaptation of the novel was made by Konstantin Lopushansky.
Plot summary.
The action takes place in an uncertain mildly-authoritarian country, in an unnamed town. Famous writer Victor Banev, a middle-aged heavy drinker, comes from the capital city to the town of his childhood where the rain never stops.
Banev finds himself in the middle of strange events linked to "slimies" or "four-eyes" - strange leper people suffering from disfiguring "yellow leprosy" manifesting itself as yellow circles around the eyes. These "slimies" live in a former leper colony. The town's adult population is terrified by their existence, considering them to be the cause of all the bad and odd things in the town. Nevertheless, the town's teenagers simply adore "slimies", that including Banev's daughter Irma. A boy named Bol-Kunats, Irma's friend, invites the writer to a meeting with the town school's students. Banev is deeply shocked by teenagers' high intelligence and disullusioned point of view. They appear as superhuman geniuses despising the dirty and corrupt human world and having no pity for the adults.
Banev makes acquaintance with Diana, and discusses "slimies" in dinner conversations with the chief doctor of the leprosarium Yul Golem, a drunken artist Ram Quadriga and sanitary inspector Favor Summan. Banev dislikes the mayor, a patron of local fascist thugs, and also the military who guard the "slimies". Golem mentions that the genetic disease of "slimies" represents the future of humanity, a new genetic type of people, intellectually and morally superior to ordinary people.
Events begin to unfold dramatically. Banev discovers that Favor Summan works for counterintelligence, and, learning he's guilty of kidnapping and killing of a "slimy", notifies the military out of spite. The town's children leave their parents' homes and move into the leper colony. Adults of the town are gripped with a sudden overpowering feeling of terror, and exodus begins. As soon as all the residents have left town, the rain stops. Golem leaves the last. Banev and Diana enter the city, now disappearing under the rays of Sun. They see Irma and Bol-Kunats all grown up in a day and happy, and Banev's saying to himself: "All this is nice and fine, but I mustn't forget to return."
Shared ideas.
The novel shares some ideas with later works like The Second Invasion from Mars and Roadside Picnic (a non-standard alien invasion), and The Time Wanderers (the birth of Übermensch).

</doc>
<doc id="9764883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764883" title="Liang Wen-Chong">
Liang Wen-Chong

Liang Wen-Chong (born 2 August 1978) is a Chinese professional golfer. He is the highest ranked golfer from the People's Republic of China and the only Chinese golfer to have reached the top 100 of the Official World Golf Ranking. He has succeeded his mentor Zhang Lian-wei as the top Chinese player.
Liang plays on the Asian Tour, Japan Golf Tour and OneAsia Tour. He has won several tournaments in China, but his best finish on the Japan Golf Tour is second. After more than a dozen top ten finishes on the Asian Tour, he won the 2007 Singapore Masters, which was co-sanctioned by the Asian Tour and the European Tour. He was the second golfer from the People's Republic of China to win on the European Tour after Zhang Lian-wei. In August 2007 he became the first golfer from the People's Republic of China to play in the PGA Championship. He ended up missing the cut. He also received a special invitation to play in the 2008 Masters Tournament.
In 2007, Liang won the Order of Merit on the Asian Tour, becoming the first from mainland China to do so.
In July 2008, Liang became the first Chinese golfer to make the cut at a major, The Open Championship at the Royal Birkdale Golf Club.
In August 2010, Liang set a new course record at Whistling Straits with his 8-under 64 in the third round of the 2010 PGA Championship.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="9764910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764910" title="Renal compensation">
Renal compensation

Renal compensation is a mechanism by which the kidneys can regulate the plasma pH. It is slower than respiratory compensation, but has a greater ability to restore normal values. 
In respiratory acidosis, the kidney produces and excretes ammonium (NH4+) and monophosphate, generating bicarbonate in the process while clearing acid.
In respiratory alkalosis, less HCO3− is reabsorbed, thus lowering the pH.

</doc>
<doc id="9764914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764914" title="Respiratory compensation">
Respiratory compensation

Respiratory compensation is a mechanism by which plasma pH can be altered by varying the respiratory rate. It is faster than renal compensation, but has less ability to restore normal values.
In metabolic acidosis, chemoreceptors sense a deranged acid-base system, and there is increased breathing.
In metabolic alkalosis, the breathing rate is decreased. 

</doc>
<doc id="9764915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764915" title="Bicarbonate buffering system">
Bicarbonate buffering system

The bicarbonate buffering system is an important buffer system in the acid-base homeostasis of living things, including humans. As a buffer, it tends to maintain a relatively constant plasma pH and counteract any force that would alter. 
In this system, carbon dioxide (CO2) combines with water (H2O) to form carbonic acid (H2CO3), which in turn rapidly dissociates to form hydrogen ions (H+) and bicarbonate (HCO3- ) as shown in the reactions below.
The carbon dioxide - carbonic acid equilibrium is catalyzed by the enzyme carbonic anhydrase; the carbonic acid - bicarbonate equilibrium is simple proton dissociation/association and needs no catalyst.
Any disturbance of the system will be compensated by a shift in the chemical equilibrium according to Le Chatelier's principle. For example, if one attempted to acidify the blood by dumping in an excess of hydrogen ions (acidemia), some of those hydrogen ions will associate with bicarbonate, forming carbonic acid, resulting in a smaller net increase of acidity than otherwise. This buffering system becomes an even more powerful regulator of acidity when it is coupled with the body's capacity for respiratory compensation, in which breathing is altered to modify the amount of CO2 in circulation. In the above example, increased ventilation would increase the loss of CO2 to the atmosphere, driving the equilibria above to the left. The process could continue until the excess acid is all exhaled.
This process is extremely important in the physiology of blood-having animals. It manages the many acid and base imbalances that can be produced by both normal and abnormal physiology. It also affects the handling of carbon dioxide, the constantly produced waste product of cellular respiration.
Henderson–Hasselbalch equation.
A modified version of the Henderson–Hasselbalch equation can be used to relate the pH of blood to constituents of the bicarbonate buffering system:
, where:
This is useful in arterial blood gas, but these usually state "pCO2", that is, the partial pressure of carbon dioxide, rather than H2CO3. However, these are related by the equation:
, where:
Taken together, the following equation can be used to relate the pH of blood to the concentration of bicarbonate and the partial pressure of carbon dioxide:
, where:

</doc>
<doc id="9764956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764956" title="Fantômas se déchaîne">
Fantômas se déchaîne

Fantômas se déchaîne (, ) is a 1965 film starring Jean Marais as the arch villain with the same name opposite Louis de Funès as the earnest but outclassed commissaire Juve and the journalist Fandor, also played by Marais. It was France's answer, with the Fantômas trilogy starting in 1964, to the James Bond phenomenon that swept the world at around the same time. It is the second in the trilogy of Fantômas films that became extremely successful in Europe and Soviet Union and found success even in the United States and Japan. In this episode Jean Marais also plays professor Lefebvre.
Plot.
In the second episode of the trilogy Fantômas kidnaps distinguished scientist professor Marchand with the aim to develop a super weapon that will enable him to menace the world. Fantômas is also planning to abduct a second scientist, professor Lefebvre. Journalist Fandor develops an ingenious scheme whereby he disguises himself as Lefebvre and attends a scientific conference in Rome, Italy to lure Fantômas into attempting to kidnap him.
The plan seems to work until commissaire Juve steps into the fray and as usual messes things up, although Juve redeems himself by saving the troupe with an array of special gadgets which he has developed especially for his hunt for Fantômas. Yet, once again Fantômas escapes in style, using his Citroën DS with retractable wings that converts into an airplane in what amounts to one of the most unexpected and spectacular scenes of the genre.
Release.
The film premiered in France on 8 December 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="9764961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764961" title="Tomoko Taniguchi">
Tomoko Taniguchi

Taniguchi's manga have been published by MB (My Birthday) in Japanese and by CPM Manga in English. She has published 9 volumes of manga total. Her first published manga was "Anpan Balance", which won silver at the 4th Omacomi Manga School Contest. "Anpan Balance" was later released in the manga "Let's Stay Together Forever"; the title story of that book was her second published story.
Taniguchi and Matt Forbeck have helped write some of the books in the "Complete Idiot's Guide to Drawing Manga Illustrated" series, especially the Shoujo edition which includes her illustrations.
Taniguchi recently designed her first fabric print for American clothing designer Samantha Rei.
Partial bibliography.
★Marvel AI #1 (2006)
★The Complete Idiot`s GUide to Manga Fantasy Creatures Illustrated (2007)
★The Complete Idiot`s Guide to Drawing Manga Shoujo Illustrated (2008)
★Sketch card artist for Star Wars Galaxy 5, 6, 
Empire Strikes Back 3D, 　Star Wars Galactic files

</doc>
<doc id="9764998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9764998" title="Roanoke Valley Governor's School for Science and Technology">
Roanoke Valley Governor's School for Science and Technology

The Roanoke Valley Governor's School for Science and Technology is located in the Grandin Court neighborhood of Roanoke, Virginia on the campus of Patrick Henry High School, and was established in 1985 as a result of the cooperative effort of seven regional school districts to improve education in mathematics and science. It is one of the state of Virginia's regional Governor's Schools. It has a faculty which included Gwen Sibert, the 2003 "Virginia Science Teacher of the Year."
RVGS pulls students from Patrick Henry High School, William Fleming, Cave Spring, Glenvar, Hidden Valley, Northside, William Byrd, Salem, Craig County, Franklin County, James River, Lord Botetourt, Liberty, and Staunton River High School.
Only students from Roanoke City Public Schools and other special cases attend the afternoon session, while the morning session takes all other students. All seniors attend the morning session.
Math.
There are many math classes including Algebra Two, Contemporary Precalculus, Laboratory Calculus, Accelerated Laboratory Calculus, Advanced Placement Statistics, Advanced Calculus, and Linear Algebra.[http://www.rvgs.k12.va.us/courses/mathematics.html]
Science.
The variety of science classes at the Governor's school include Governor's School Chemistry, Advanced Placement Chemistry, Governor's School Biology, Governor's School Physics, Advanced Placement Physics, Accelerated Governor's School Physics, and Governor's School Ecology.[http://www.rvgs.k12.va.us/courses/science.html]
Electives.
Every first year student at the Governor's school is required to take Fundamentals of Research as an elective. In this class, the students meet once a week to research and prepare a research project. During the month of January, all school time is spent in the Fundamentals of Research class, or, if you are in a higher grade, another research based class, where the student starts and completes his or her project. At the end of the month, the students present their projects at Project Forum, held by the Governor School. Here the projects are divided into categories depending on their project, and the students are then judged by experts in their fields. Other electives include Biotechnology, Directed study, Robotics, Environmental Research, Mentorship, Math Modeling, Product Design Engineering, Aerodynamics, Geographical Information System, Technology-Based Research in Applied Physics, Advanced Computer Science in JAVA, Applied Chemical Research, and Experimental Botany.[http://www.rvgs.k12.va.us/courses/electives.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9765003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765003" title="William Toomath">
William Toomath

Stanley William (Bill) Toomath (12 November 1925 – 20 March 2014) was a Wellington (New Zealand) architect. He was a founding member of the Architectural Group in Auckland in 1946, a life member of the Wellington Architectural Centre and a Fellow of the New Zealand Institute of Architects. Both the founding of the Group and the Architectural Centre were important factors in New Zealand's modernist architectural history. 
Early life and education.
Born in Lower Hutt, Toomath studied architecture at the Auckland College of the University of New Zealand between 1945 and 1949. He graduated with a Bachelor of Architecture, and was awarded a UNZ two-year travelling scholarship which took him to Europe in 1951. Adding an early Fulbright Graduate Award in 1952 enabled him to complete a MArch at the Harvard Graduate School of Design where he was taught by I. M. Pei and was a co-student with John Hejduk. He briefly worked with Walter Gropius at the Architects' Collaborative and then with I. M. Pei before returning to New Zealand in 1954.
Architectural practice.
On his return from New York Toomath set up practice, and three years later was joined by Derek Wilson to establish Toomath and Wilson. Toomath and Wilson were later joined by Don Irvine and Grahame Anderson in 1972, forming the firm Toomath Wilson Irvine Anderson Ltd.
Toomath's work reflects an exploratory and intelligent engagement with modernist architectural ideas. A key architectural interest was been the articulation of continuous space, which is particularly evident in his Toomath Senior house, Lower Hutt (1949), and the Mackay house, Silverstream (1961). The Toomath Senior house is famous as the site of a discussion Toomath and Lew Martin had with architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner about New Zealand construction. Pevsner found the detailing of a post in the carport unrefined. Toomath argued that it reflected an honesty in detailing, relevant to New Zealand architecture. The Mackay House, Silverstream is symmetrically planned and was designed for a couple without children. It was awarded the N.Z.I.A. Bronze Medal in 1962. 
Toomath's other key works include Wool House, Featherston Street, Wellington (1955, in association with Bernard Johns & Whitwell) and the Wellington Teachers' College, Donald Street, Karori (1966–1977). The Wellington Teachers College, Karori, Stage One was awarded N.Z.I.A. Silver Medal (1972), and an N.Z.I.A. Local Award (Enduring Architecture) (2005). Wool House (also now known as Old Wool House) was recognised with an N.Z.I.A. Wellington Branch Enduring Architecture Award (2002).
Architectural exhibitions and advocacy.
Following his return from studying architecture in the United States and working with Walter Gropius and I.M.Pei, Toomath spent the majority of his architectural career in New Zealand (including over 35 years in professional practice). He was an advocate for several heritage buildings (see below), and played key roles in the Wellington Architectural Centre's projects on Wellington's urban form, namely: "Te Aro Replanned" (1947), "Homes Without Sprawl" (1957), "City Approaches" (1959) and "Wgtn 196X" (1961). Toomath also presented professional evidence for the Wellington City Council on proposals for controlling building heights, protected viewshafts and urban form planning (1989–1990) in hearings before the Planning Tribunal.
Toomath led a small team whose report on the Old Town Hall stopped moves for its demolition. He wrote papers on conservation matters and presented evidence in support of a number of heritage buildings including: the AMP Head Office Building, the State Fire Insurance Building, Wharf Sheds 7 and 21. He had an active role in campaigns to save Old St Pauls.
Design educator.
Toomath was also the Head of the School of Design, Wellington Polytechnic (1979–1989), and a contributor of articles to the New Zealand journal "Designscape". He was a regular participant of the "Designmark" Advisory Panels, New Zealand Industrial Design Council from 1969, and a Judge of the Prince Philip Award for New Zealand Industrial Design (1981–1985).
Documentary.
Toomath is the subject of a documentary Antonello and the Architect, which reveals his influences, designs, ideas - and the painting that he built - Antonello da Messina's St Jerome in his Study.
References.
"1962 Bronze Medal House: Silverstream, Wellington." "Home and Building". XXVII.3(1964): 41.
"Antonello and the Architect" dir Tony Hiles (Wellington: City Associates, 2007)
"Awarded NZIA Bronze Medal: House, Silverstream, Wellington." "Home and Building". XXV.12(1963): 40-43.
"Living Rooms." "Design Review". 5.3(1953): 63-65.
"Wellington's Building Criticised." "Dominion" 10 Mar. 1961: 8.
"Wool House: New Building at Wellington for the New Zealand Wool Board." "Home and Building". XXI.2(1958): 54-56.
"New Zealand Who's Who Aotearoa 2001". ed. Alister Taylor. Auckland: Alister Taylor, 2001. 880.
Clark, Justine. "Space Explorer." "New Zealand Home and Building". 5(1998): 170-73.
Clark, Justine, and Paul Walker. "Looking for the Local: Architecture and the New Zealand Modern". Wellington: VUP, 2000.
Dudding, Michael. "A Final Formality: Three Modernist Pavilion Houses of the Early 1960s". ""...about as austere as a Dior gown...": New Zealand architecture the 1960s: a one day symposium," Ed. Christine McCarthy. Wellington: VUW, 2005. 7-11.
---. 'A Useful Exercise: The context, content, and practical application of W H Alington's 'Thesis on the Theory of Architectural Design'. Thesis. VUW, 2005.
---. "W H Alington Oral History Project." Wellington: Oral History centre, ALT: 2007.
Findlay, Michael. "House Your Father: A Breakthrough Home Design Has Been Buried beneath a Welter of 'Improvements'." "New Zealand Heritage". 100(2006): 44-45.
Garrett, James. "Home Building - Our Tradition." "Home and Building". XXI.5(1958): 33-45.
Gatley, Julia. "The Wellington CBD Replanned: Wgtn 196X." ""...about as austere as a Dior gown...": New Zealand architecture the1960s: a one day symposium". Ed. Christine McCarthy. Wellington: VUW, 2005. 17-25.
Jenkins, Douglas Lloyd. "At Home: A Century of New Zealand Design". Auckland: Random House NZ, 2004.
Kernohan, David. "Wellington's New Buildings: A Photographic Guide to New Buildings in Central Wellington". Wellington: VUP, 1989.
---. "Wellington's Old Buildings: A Photographic Guide to Old Buildings in Central Wellington." Wellington: VUP, 1994.
Lee-Johnson, Eric, ed. "Arts Yearbook 7". Wellington: Wingfield Press, 1951.
Marriage, Guy. "No Free Love: The Dearth of Media Output from the Architectural Centre in the Swinging Sixties." ""...About as Austere as a Dior Gown...": New Zealand Architecture The1960s: A One Day Symposium". Ed. Christine McCarthy. Wellington: VUW, 2005. 63-67. 
McCarthy, Christine. "Going for Gold: New Zealand Houses in the 60s through the Veil of the NZIA Bronze Medals." ""...about as austere as a Dior gown...": New Zealand architecture the1960s: a one day symposium". Ed. Christine McCarthy. Wellington: VUW, 2005. 48-55.
---. "High Modern." "Architecture New Zealand". Mar./Apr.(2006): 65-69.
Mitchell, David, and Gillian Chaplin. "The Elegant Shed: New Zealand Architecture since 1945." Auckland: OUP, 1984.
Petry, Bruce. "Interview with Stanley William Toomath." "NZ architecture post-World War II oral history project". Wellington: Oral History Centre, ATL, 1992.
Rotherham, Bruce. "As I See It." "Architecture New Zealand". 2(2004): 17.
Shaw, Peter. "A History of New Zealand Architecture". 1991. Auckland: Hodder Moa Beckett, 1997.
"Shopping Center in Three Circles". "Interiors' magazine", CXIV, March 1955 pp. 72–5. New York.
Staffan, Jan. "Interview with James Beard." "Early Architectural Centre oral history project". Wellington: Oral History Centre, ATL, 2001.
---. "Interview with William Stanley Toomath." "Early Architectural Centre oral history project". Wellington: Oral History Centre, ATL, 2002.
"Teachers Training College, Wellington", "NZIA Journal" 39, 5 (1972): 154-59
"Toomath Wilson Irvine Anderson", "NZIA Journal" 42, 6 (1975): 174-84
Toomath, Stanley William. "Anscombe’s 1940 Centennial Exhibition; and an historic confrontation" "Formulation Fabrication: The Architecture of History: Proceedings of the seventeenth annual conference of the Society of Architectural Historians, Australia and New Zealand: Wellington, New Zealand, November 2000." Wellington: SAHANZ, 2000. 101-112.
---. "Architecture in the Next 50 Years." "The Journal of the NZ Institute of Architects". 23.3(1956): 55-61.
---. "The Design of Interiors, Furniture, and the Selection of Components." "NZIA Journal". 34.3(1967): 75-76.
---. "Education by Design: The Architectural Centre - Educating the Public and Its Own." "Architecture New Zealand". Jul./Aug.(1996): 59-62.
---. "Geoff Nees: Trailblazer for Good Design." "Prodesign". Apr./May(1999): 84-85.
---. "The Gestation of the Group." "Architecture New Zealand". 2(2004): 17.
---. "A House at Lower Hutt." "Design Review". 4.1(1951): 9-11.
---. "A House in Stokes Valley." "Design Review." 4.5(1952): 110-11.
---. "Into the Post-War World." "Exquisite Apart: 100 Years of Architecture in New Zealand". Ed. Charles Walker. Auckland: Balasoglou Books, 2005. 248. 
---. "Le Corbusier." "NZIA Journal". 31.9(1964): 328-33.
---. "Past Indicative." "Designscape". 121(1980): 13-15.
---. "Search for Expression of Human Values." "NZIA Journal". 40.6(1973): 152-53.
Tyler, Linda. "The Urban and the Urbane: Ernst Plischke's Kahn House." "Zeal and Crusade: The Modern Movement in Wellington". Ed. John Wilson. Christchurch: Te Waihora, 1996. 33-38. 
Walker, Charles, ed. "Exquisite Apart: 100 Years of Architecture in New Zealand". Auckland: Balasoglou Books, 2005.
Walker, Paul. "Order from Chaos: Replanning Te Aro." "Zeal and Crusade: The Modern Movement in Wellington". Ed. John Wilson. Christchurch: Te Waihora, 1996. 79-87. 
"Wellington Town Hall" "NZ Historic Places Trust, Wellington Regional Newsletter" 2, 2 (1979): 1-20
Wilson, John, ed. "Zeal and Crusade: The Modern Movement in Wellington". Christchurch: Te Waihora Press, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9765040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765040" title="Swivel New Media">
Swivel New Media

Founded in Vancouver, BC in 1997, Swivel New Media is a Canadian company serving a diverse customer base across North America, from small home businesses to multi-billion dollar producers and exporters. The firm's creative services include brand management, website and print design. Technical services including web hosting, VOIP and varied digital data delivery systems are its primary revenue generators.
History.
Between the years 1997 and 2000 Swivel developed strategies to combine design services with complete web hosting solutions. Initially the company focused on outsourcing services but gradually began to move to an in-house business model which contributed to gross revenue increases as well as overhead fixed cost increases. Initially the burden to bring services in-house slightly hampered growth, although in future years it has contributed to higher quality assurance and increased earnings.
In 2001 Swivel launched its Swivel TV service, enabling customers to add high quality video to their websites using a proprietary interface. Using the web-based control panel, customers could upload videos over 100 Megabytes in size, without any special setting modifications to their browser.
From 2002 to 2006 Swivel diversified further, adding hardware and software sales to its product line-up. In 2004 Swivel TV was seen by IATSE cinematographers and significantly, over a hundred channels were added for the use of Hollywood Directors of Photography for their demo reels. With the success of the service the company released a HD iteration in 2005 enabling a new generation of users to showcase full high-definition video from their websites.
Swivel recently announced new voip and pbx services geared to mid-sized businesses based on the open source "Asterisk" platform. Open source initiatives play a key role in the company's technology choices for business services.
Logos.
The Swivel logo in its current form was created in 2002 and is based on classic styling attributes common to long-standing brands in corporate North America.
Headquarters.
Swivel headquarters are located in Langley, British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9765056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765056" title="Satirical ostraca">
Satirical ostraca

Satirical ostraca are a category of ostraca, (singular: an "ostracon"), that represent the real world in unrealistic, impossible situations–a satire. The common example portrayed which helped create this categorization, are animals which take reversed roles, for example a "vertically–walking cat, with ducks on the end of leashes." The same role reversals can be seen on Satirical papyri.

</doc>
<doc id="9765070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765070" title="I Go Wild!">
I Go Wild!

I Go Wild! is the sixth studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was recorded in April 2001 and released later that year on October 23 on CD by the label Evidence. The album contains mainly covers of other blues songs.
The tracks "Maybe She'll Miss Me" and "Go Wild!" would later appear on Shorty's compilation album, "The Best of Guitar Shorty", in 2006.
Personnel.
Production:
Reception.
Allmusic says that the songs "provide matching passion and rambunctiousness" and that "one of the strong points ... is Shorty's ability to translate the exhilaration and acrobatics (literally) of his live show into the studio." "The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings" says that Shorty is much more restricted on this album than in the past, but this "has the adverse effect of making him play at full throttle almost all the time."

</doc>
<doc id="9765073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765073" title="Atlanta Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Atlanta Township, Logan County, Illinois

Atlanta Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,926 and it contained 856 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765082" title="Philip Best">
Philip Best

Philip Best is a pioneer of power electronics who formed the band Consumer Electronics in 1982 at the age of 14. He joined the group Whitehouse, led by William Bennett, in 1983. After a nine-year hiatus starting in 1984, Best rejoined and remained with the group until departing again in 2008.
In the early 1980s Best also ran his own DIY label Iphar, releasing compilations of power electronics. Through the circulation of these controversial cassettes he succeeded in promoting the burgeoning extreme noise genre.
Among these cassette releases were "On to 83", with Gary Mundy. "Torture Music" by Iphar clinic, a solo project, and "White Power", a fake neo-nazi various artists compilation with artists such as Maurizio Bianchil, Sutcliffe Jugend, and Best's other project with Mundy, Consumer Electronics.
Best has been a frequent collaborator with Gary Mundy on projects such as Ramleh (c.1987-1997).
In 1995, under the Consumer Electronics moniker, Best joined forces with Japanese noise musician Masami Akita - along with several Ramleh cohorts - to release "Horn of the Goat."
Best continues to tour as Consumer Electronics and has recently released two albums (Nobody's Ugly in 2007 and Crowd Pleaser in 2009) under that moniker. He is currently working on a new album.
In 1998 Best published his doctoral thesis at Durham University entitled "Apocalypticism in the Fiction of William S. Burroughs, J.G. Ballard and Thomas Pynchon" and later received a doctorate in English literature.
In 2010 a collection of Best's artwork entitled American Campgrounds was published by Creation Books with a foreword written by Peter Sotos.

</doc>
<doc id="9765089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765089" title="Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea">
Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea

The Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore and comes under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Singapore. The church is located at Yishun Street 22.
History.
The church had its humble beginnings in the Naval Base area, in August 1949. This is now the area around Sembawang Road. Religious services started at an old Japanese language school which was left over from World War II. The school was located in Jalan Kedai, off Canberra Road. 
Fr. Dominic Vendargon, (Aug 29, 1909 – Aug 3, 2005) was appointed by the then Bishop of Malacca & Singapore, Bishop Michel Olçomendy, M.E.P., to formulate a self-sufficient parish. In August 1950, Fr. Vendargon was succeeded by Fr. Albert Fortier (Apr 24, 1911- Jan 13, 1998). Fr. Fortier conducted everything, from Masses, marriages and all other rites, at the Japanese school.
By 1952, the old school had become so rundown and unsafe that the British Colonial authorities advised Fr. Fortier to build a new church. Fr. Fortier found a plot of land in Jalan Sendudok which was part of the British Naval Base. The British Colonial authorities approved the site for a 21 year lease. The building of the church was completed in 1953.
Fr. Fortier was succeeded by Fr. I. Fernandez, for the next 10 years, followed by Fr. Bernard Binet from 1964 to 1968. Fr. Albert Fortier returned to assume the role of Parish Priest in July 1968. Fr Fortier served in the church until his retirement on 31 December 1986. Fr. Amiotte-Suchet Louis (Aug 29, 1917- Oct 17, 1998) was appointed to take over from the duties of Fr. Fortier.
On 26 August 1987, the Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea was informed by the authorities that "the premises and the land are scheduled to be cleared by 31 December 1987 and you are hereby notified to move out by this date".[http://www.veritas.org.sg/olss/history1.html]
The present site for the Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea was bought by the Archdiocese of Singapore on 6 March 1989. The church was officially blessed by the Archbishop of Singapore, Gregory Yong, on 30 May 1992.
Organisation.
The Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea currently has 3 priests administering to a parish population of 5680. These priests are:
The church has the following ministries:

</doc>
<doc id="9765098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765098" title="3M-54 Klub">
3M-54 Klub

The Russian 3M-54 is a domestic surface ship and submarine-launched anti-ship missile developed by the Novator Design Bureau (OKB-8). Its US Department of Defense (DOD) designation is "SS-N-27A" with the NATO codename of "Sizzler". Derived export versions are the 3M-54E and the 3M-54E1. The 3M-54E has a DOD designation, the SS-N-27B; (it does not have a NATO codename). The 3M-54 and 3M-54E, in their final stage, make a supersonic 'sprint' to the target, reducing the time that target's defense systems have to react. The 3M-54E1 has the capability of subsonic speed in its whole flight. Its range is longer than the 3M-54E.
The name of "Klub" is used for export versions, the 3M-54E and 3M54E1.
Design.
The missile is a modular system with five different variants: two anti-shipping types, one for land attack, and two with an anti-submarine role. The missile is designed to share common parts between the surface and submarine-launched variants. But each missile consists of different components, for example, the booster. The missile can be launched from a surface ship using a Vertical Launched System (VLS). It has a booster with thrust vectoring capability. The missile launched from a submarine has no need for such an addition, but has a conventional booster instead.
Terminal supersonic flight.
The Russian domestic variant (3M-54) and export variants (3M-54E/3M-54TE) fly at sub-sonic speeds while achieving supersonic speed as they near their target. They are also believed to be able to perform very high angled defensive maneuvers in contrast to the common linear flight path of other anti-ship cruise missiles.
Variants.
Domestic variants are basic versions of this missile family; these are the 3M-54 and 3M-14. The export model is called the "Klub". There are two major launch vehicles: the Klub-S, designed for use from submarines, and the Klub-N, designed for surface ships. These two launch platforms can be equipped with the following warhead and guidance combinations:
Export variants.
Chinese variants.
China has developed a family of variants of 3M-54 designated as YJ-18. Improvements include the extended range for the subsonic version over the original 300 km limit imposed by Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR). Additional satellite navigation update to the original inertial guidance of 3M-54 is also added. The most important upgrade, however, is its additional anti-radar role as an Aegis-killer for China. This is achieved by replacing the high explosive warhead of anti-shipping role (AShM) with an electromagnetic pulse warhead that is claimed to be able to take down up to sixty percent of the enemy ship's electronic systems at a range of fifty meters after detonating.
Launch Platforms.
The Russian "Kilo" class submarine is the primary launch platform for the missile. The future Russian "Lada" class and its variants should also be able to launch this weapon. The Indian "Talwar" class frigate is another primary shipborne launch platform for the missile. The and the new and the new can also launch it. The new Russian "Admiral Sergei Gorshkov" class frigates and the second batch of "Steregushchy" class frigates use the same UKSK VLS as the "Talwar" class frigates, and are also able to carry these missiles.
In addition it is believed by some analysts that an air-launched variant will be developed to arm the Tu-142s currently in service with both the Russian and Indian Navies; it is also anticipated that the Tu-22M3 operated by the Indian Navy will be equipped with the missile. A truck mounted version is planned for development by the Novator Design Bureau.
A Klub-K variant, which launches from a commercial-appearing shipping container mounted on a truck, train, or merchant vessel, was advertised in 2010 and was shown for the first time at the MAKS 2011 airshow 

</doc>
<doc id="9765100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765100" title="North Sydney Cricket Club">
North Sydney Cricket Club

North Sydney District Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sydney, Australia. The Bears as they are known were founded in 1858 playing club's such as Callen Park Mental Hospital, North Sydney joined the Sydney Grade Cricket Competition as an initial member in 1893. This makes them one of the oldest elite clubs in Sydney. 
The club's home ground is the famous North Sydney Oval where it has remained since day one.In the 1980s The North Sydney Council purchased some old grandstands from the SCG, during its re-development, and relocted them to North Sydney Oval. The Club has played consistently on the famous North Sydney Oval since its inception. In the 1980s the club and community recognised the potential of the Miller St location and worked with the then North Sydney Mayor and current club Patron Ted Mack to develop the ground, enhancing its historical character. 
The clubs most famous players include Sir Donald Bradman, Bill O'Reilly, Keith Miller, Stan McCabe, Stuart MacGill, Trevor Chappell and Doug Walters, Sid Barnes, Charles McCartney, Kerry O'Keefe, Phil Marks, Scott Hookey.

</doc>
<doc id="9765105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765105" title="Worms (2007 video game)">
Worms (2007 video game)

Worms is an artillery strategy game developed by Team17. It is available on Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and iOS platforms and is one of the many installments of the Worms series created by Team17. The game was known as Worms HD during development, but Microsoft renamed it to just "Worms" (possibly to avoid notions of HDTV being a requirement to play). The game has since taken on the moniker, "Worms (2007)". Its first official public demonstration was on the showroom floor of the 2007, Consumer Electronics Show. The game was released on Wednesday, March 7, 2007 on Xbox Live, March 26, 2009 on the PlayStation Store, and July 11, 2009 on iOS. The 2007 version of Worms is an enhanced port of "", which itself is a remake of the original 1995 video game of the same name. The Xbox Live and PlayStation Network versions are not exactly identical and contain some differences in available weaponry.
Gameplay.
Players control a small platoon of worms across a deformable landscape, battling computer or player controlled teams. The game features bright and humorous cartoon-style animation and a varied arsenal of weapons. Full voice communication is also available among the players of the game.
Single player.
There is Quick Start option (choice of Beginner, Intermediate or Pro, uses default schemes and teams). If the player wanted to play a custom singleplayer game, they have to select multiplayer and then create a local game with AI opponents.
The time it takes to complete a challenge is saved and the best times are displayed on a leaderboard.
Multiplayer.
The game features competitive multiplayer for up to four teams. It is compatible for both offline or online play via Xbox Live & PlayStation Network.
Downloadable content.
On May 30, 2007, several new downloadable "Worms" packs were released. The "Space" landscape was issued for free, while two others, the "Hell" and "Jungle" landscapes, were released for purchase. A free set of 22 Worm voice banks were also released.
On July 4, 2007 more content was issued: a Music Pack was released for free; however, it was only more voice banks, and two more landscapes, "Desert" and "Manhattan", were released for purchase. Some "Worms" themes and gamerpics were released for purchase as well. The PSN version contains all of the DLC released from the XBLA version already in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9765112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765112" title="Broadwell Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Broadwell Township, Logan County, Illinois

Broadwell Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,549 and it contained 256 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.50%) is land and (or 1.50%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765122" title="Holiday Park, Saskatoon">
Holiday Park, Saskatoon

Holiday Park is a neighborhood in south-central Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Located within Saskatoon's Ward 2, Councillor Pat Lorje represents the area's interests at City Hall. Holiday Park has an official neighborhood association which sets out leisure activities, and provides community members a forum to discuss community issues such as neighborhood watch, block parent programs, etc. This neighborhood is surrounded by a plethora of amenities. To the south is Holiday Park golf course commanding a Championship 18 hole and executive 9 hole course. It is used year round providing Snow golf and well groomed cross country ski trails in the winter months. To the north is the Riversdale Tennis Club and Riversdale pool an outdoor swimming pool with water slide features. To the west is the Gordie Howe Management Area with Gordie Howe Bowl, Baseball Diamonds, Speed Skating Oval. Along the east the Meewasin Valley Authority provides walking and biking trails along the South Saskatchewan River. Canoists, water skiers, and kayakers have a wonderful time enjoying the convenience of the Saskatchewan River. Holiday Park's population is 1,400. According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home as of 2013 was $194,081.
History.
The Saskatoon Tuberculosis Sanitorium was opened April 15, 1925
June 27, 1962 was the officially opening of the Holiday Park Golf Course.
The Bowerman House was a hunting lodge constructed by Allen Bowerman, and later used as physician housing for The Saskatoon Sanatorium
Transportation.
City Transit.
Holiday Park is serviced by Saskatoon Transit bus route #3.
Layout.
The northern boundary extends no further than 11th Street, and the southern edge overlooks the scenic vista of the Holiday Park Golf Course. Avenue P South through to the South Saskatchewan River are the western and eastern boundaries respectively. The roads are laid out in a grid fashion, the streets south of 11th Street are named: Dudley, Shuyler, and Wellington Streets, followed by Embassy Drive. The avenues are labelled alphabetically with the alphabet. Spadina Crescent cruises along the South Saskatchewan River and incrementing westward through the alphabet. A key three-way intersection at 11th Street, Avenue H and Spadina Crescent has been closed for several years to allow for expansion of a water treatment plant, forcing southbound motorists to cut-through Holiday Park in order to access and egress Spadina.
Shopping.
There is local shopping available at the convenience stores located at Avenue L South and 11th Street such as a Lew's Grocers, and White's Pharmacy, as well the 11th Street arterial district begins at Avenue P South.

</doc>
<doc id="9765126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765126" title="Quinhydrone electrode">
Quinhydrone electrode

The quinhydrone electrode is a type of redox electrode which can be used to measure the hydrogen ion concentration (pH) of a solution in a chemical experiment. It provides an alternative to the commonly used glass electrode in a pH meter.
The electrode consists of an inert metal electrode (usually a platinum wire) in contact with quinhydrone crystals and a water-based solution. Quinhydrone is slightly soluble in water, dissolving to form a mixture of two substances, quinone and hydroquinone, with the two substances present at equal concentration. Each one of the two substances can easily be oxidised or reduced to the other. 
The potential at the inert electrode depends on the ratio of the activity of two substances (quinone-hydroquinone), and also the hydrogen ion concentration. The electrode half-reaction is:
Hydroquinone ↔ Quinone + 2H+ +2e-
Because the electrode half-reaction involves hydrogen ions, the electrode potential depends on the activity of hydrogen ions. From the Nernst equation:
For practical pH measurement, a second pH independent reference electrode (such as a silver chloride electrode) is also used. This reference electrode does not respond to the pH. The difference between the potential of the two electrodes depends (primarily) on the activity of H+ in the solution. It is this potential difference which is measured and converted to a pH value. 
The quinhydrone electrode is not reliable above pH 8. It is also unreliable in the presence of strong oxidising or reducing agents, which would disturb the equilibrium between hydroquinone and quinone. It is also subject to errors in solutions containing proteins or high concentrations of salts.
Other electrodes commonly used for measuring pH are the glass electrode, the hydrogen electrode, the antimony – antimony oxide electrode, and the ion-sensitive field effect transistor ISFET electrode.

</doc>
<doc id="9765156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765156" title="Chester Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Chester Township, Logan County, Illinois

Chester Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 669 and it contained 298 housing units. Chester Township changed its name from Madison Township sometime prior to 1921.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.05%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765161" title="The Church of God, Alexander Jackson Sr. General Overseer">
The Church of God, Alexander Jackson Sr. General Overseer

The Church of God, Alexander Jackson Sr. General Overseer, formerly The Church of God under the leadership of Bishop James C. Nabors, is a Pentecostal Christian denomination with roots in the late 19th-century American Holiness movement and early 20th-century Pentecostal revival. It shares a common history with The Church of God (Charleston, Tennessee) (TCOG) until 2006 when a separation occurred. The official name is The Church of God. The phrase "Alexander Jackson Sr. General Overseer" is added to distinguish this group from many others called Church of God.
The Church of God claims a membership from many states in the United States and 24 nations world wide. The official publication of The Church of God, "The Arise Shine", is printed monthly in Cleveland, Tennessee and sent out internationally. The church's general headquarters are located in Cleveland.
History.
Origins.
The Church of God developed from a movement led by Richard Spurling and Ambrose Jessup Tomlinson which would become in 1903 the Church of God. Throughout its history the Church of God movement has experienced a number of divisions. In 1923, Tomlinson was impeached as General Overseer of the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee). This caused a part of the church to separate and form the Church of God of Prophecy which continued to be led by Tomlinson. In 1943, he was succeeded by his son Milton Ambrose Tomlinson who served as General Overseer until his retirement in 1990.
That year during the election of M. A. Tomlinson's successor, another schism occurred. One group within the Church of God of Prophecy declared that the selection process of Tomlinson's successor was a departure from what had historically been perceived as "theocratic government" within the body's governing structure and procedure. In 1993, this group called for a "solemn assembly", borrowing an Old Testament term for corporate devotion to prayer to rhetorically emphasize its earnestness. Coincidentally, the "solemn assembly" resulted in the formation of the The Church of God (Charleston, Tennessee). Robert J. Pruitt was chosen to be the new overseer, and he remained so until 2006, when age-related disability prompted his retirement.
2006 Continuation.
Once again division characterized the succession process. A meeting of leadership of The Church of God (Charleston, Tennessee) during the summer of 2006 ended with the selection of Stephen Smith as the interim General Overseer. In September of the same year during the 101st General Assembly of TCOG (Charleston, Tennessee), Stephen Smith was selected to be the organizations General Overseer.
There was then a small group of people who chose to remove themselves from the Church of God (Charleston, Tennessee) and continue as The Church of God over which Bishop James C. Nabors is General Overseer. During a meeting on September 3, 2006, at the Tivoli Auditorium, Bishop James C. Nabors was chosen to be the General Overseer of a new organization. Bishop James C. Nabors previously had been administrative assistant and field secretary to the former general overseer of The Church of God (Charleston), Robert J. Pruitt. In 2009 Bishop James C. Nabors was removed as General Overseer due to misconduct. In 2009 Bishop Alexander Jackson Sr. was selected by unanimous agreement by the Overseers during a called meeting in order to act as the Interim General Overseer. 
During that same year (2009) Bishop Alexander Jackson Sr. vacated the office of Interim General Overseer during the General Assembly. During this same Assembly he was chosen by unaimous agreement by those present that he would continue as General Overseer. At the present moment Bishop Alexander Jackson Sr. is the General Overseer of The Church of God.
Beliefs.
The Church of God is a Pentecostal church in the Wesleyan Holiness tradition. It believes that one is saved or born again as a result of repentance, justification and regeneration. After one is saved, a second work of grace (sanctification) makes living a holy life possible. The church is opposed to the use of tobacco, alcohol and drugs; opposed to membership in secret societies; opposed to wearing jewelry and other ornamentation; and against divorce and remarriage. It also condemns the swearing of oaths. The church believes it is possible to lose salvation, or fall from divine grace, if one goes back into sin.
The Church of God believes all the gifts of the Spirit are in operation in the church, and that the baptism of the Holy Spirit is evidenced by speaking in tongues. The church holds the following three ordinances: water baptism by immersion, the Lord's Supper reserved for sinless and consecrated Christians, and feet washing. Tithing is also practiced. This body is premillennial in eschatology.
An important belief which distinguishes it from many other Holiness-Pentecostal churches is its assertion that it is the one true church. It believes the Christian Church was established before Pentecost around A.D. 28 and was plunged into apostasy when the First Council of Nicaea was held in A.D. 325. The true church was restored in North Carolina on June 13, 1903, and this is considered a fulfillment of the Isaiah 60:1-5 prophecy. The church experienced disruptions in 1923, 1993, and 2006, but it continues to be the church of God.
Structure.
The Church of God is governed as a theocracy. Christ is considered the head of the church and the Bible, the word of God, as interpreted by the General Assembly is considered the highest authority.
The General Assembly, consisting of all members of the TCOG in attendance, functions only as a judicial body, not an executive or legislature, whose duty is to correctly interpret the Bible and insure that God's will is done. While men and women can participate in the General Assembly, only men can have an actual role in decision making. The General Overseer is moderator of the General Assembly and speaks for the church when the General Assembly is not in session. According to the TCOG, "the office of General Overseer is filled by Divine appointment".

</doc>
<doc id="9765162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765162" title="David Braley Athletic Centre">
David Braley Athletic Centre

David Braley Athletic Centre, is a new sports venue at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, which opened up in 2007. All McMaster students pay for year-round membership as part of their mandatory student union fees. The facility features an indoor rock climbing wall, Olympic weightlifting equipment and 200 meter indoor track. The facility is named after Senator David Braley.
By the numbers: 

</doc>
<doc id="9765163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765163" title="Maurice F. McAuliffe">
Maurice F. McAuliffe

Maurice Francis McAuliffe (June 17, 1875 – December 15, 1944) was an American clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Hartford from 1934 until his death in 1944.
Biography.
Maurice McAuliffe was born in Hartford, Connecticut, to Daniel and Catherine (née Noonan) McAuliffe. He graduated from St. Peter's School, Hartford, staffed by the Sisters of Mercy, and Hartford Public High School in 1894, and attended Mount St. Mary's College in Emmitsburg, Maryland, for a year. He then continued his studies at the Grand Seminary of Saint-Sulpice in Issy, France, and at the University of Eichstätt in Germany. He was ordained to the priesthood on July 29, 1900.
Following his return to Connecticut, he was appointed to the faculty of St. Thomas Seminary in Bloomfield. He served as vice-president of the seminary from 1906 until 1921, when he was advanced to president. He was named a domestic prelate in 1924.
On December 17, 1925, McAuliffe was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Hartford and Titular Bishop of "Dercos" by Pope Pius XI. He received his episcopal consecration on April 28, 1926 from Bishop John Joseph Nilan, with Bishops John Murray and William A. Hickey serving as co-consecrators, at St. Joseph's Cathedral. He selected as his episcopal motto: "In Caritate Dei" (Latin: "In Love of God"). Following the death of Bishop Nilan, McAuliffe was named the eighth Bishop of Hartford on April 23, 1934.
During his ten-year-long tenure, he established twenty-five parishes, nine parochial schools, and several junior high schools. He was also responsible for St. Joseph's College in West Hartford, Annhurst College in South Woodstock, St. Basil's College in Stamford, and Fairfield College Preparatory School in Fairfield. He organized the campaign to raise $1 million for improvements to St. Francis Hospital in Hartford. He also founded St. Joseph's Hospital in Stamford.
McAuliffe was admitted to St. Francis Hospital on December 3, 1944, and placed in an oxygen tent. He later died at age 69.
McAuliffe Hall on the campus of Fairfield University is named in honor of Bishop McAuliffe, who sanctioned the creation of the University in 1941. The Knight of Columbus Council 3181 - Bishop Maurice F. McAuliffe in Windsor, Connecticut
is also named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9765187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765187" title="Corwin Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Corwin Township, Logan County, Illinois

Corwin Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 643 and it contained 302 housing units. Corwin Township changed its name from Middletown Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.91%) is land and (or 0.09%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765193" title="Junius Brutus Booth, Jr.">
Junius Brutus Booth, Jr.

Junius Brutus Booth, Jr. (December 22, 1821 – September 16, 1883) was an American actor and theatre manager.
As a member of the illustrious Booth family of actors, Junius Brutus Booth, Jr. was overshadowed not only by his father Junius, Sr. and brothers Edwin and John Wilkes (the assassin of Abraham Lincoln), but by his wife Agnes, who was a successful actress in her own right. 
Booth managed the Boston Theatre, Walnut Street Theatre, Winter Garden Theatre, and Booth's Theatre where his brother Edwin was the star attraction. Though a relatively undistinguished actor, Junius, Jr. was highly regarded for his performances as King John and Cassius in "Julius Caesar," which he performed with Edwin as Brutus and John Wilkes as Mark Antony in 1864.
Junius Brutus Booth, Jr., himself was briefly imprisoned in Washington, DC, after his brother assassinated Abraham Lincoln. At the time of the assassination, he was fulfilling an acting engagement in Cincinnati, Ohio. Even so, he was arrested and hurried by train to the Old Capitol Prison, where he was interrogated and released.
He married Agnes Land Perry in 1867. He retired in 1881 to Masconomo House in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts, where he died on September 17, 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="9765206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765206" title="East Lincoln Township, Logan County, Illinois">
East Lincoln Township, Logan County, Illinois

East Lincoln Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 8,813 and it contained 3,678 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765207" title="Black-capped tinamou">
Black-capped tinamou

The black-capped tinamou ("Crypturellus atrocapillus") is a type of tinamou commonly found in the moist forest lowlands in subtropical and tropical regions.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
The black-capped tinamou has two subspecies as follows:
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Description.
The black-capped tinamou is approximately in length. Its upper-parts are brown, mottled and barred blackish, throat and neck are rufescent, breast is dark grey, and the remainder of underparts are cinnamon to buff. Its cap is blackish and legs could be pale red or bright red. The females are more heavily barred above.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the black-capped eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
It is found in moist forest lowlands in subtropical and tropical regions up to altitude. This species is native to southeastern Peru and northern Bolivia. Has recently been recorded in Brazil
Conservation.
It has an estimated global extent of occurrence of . It is rated as Near Threatened status by the IUCN

</doc>
<doc id="9765225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765225" title="West Lincoln Township, Logan County, Illinois">
West Lincoln Township, Logan County, Illinois

West Lincoln Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 7,685 and it contained 3,558 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.56%) is land and (or 0.44%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765231" title="James Beard (architect)">
James Beard (architect)

James Albert "Jim" Beard (born 1924) is a significant Wellington architect, town planner, and landscape architect. He was born in Christchurch, New Zealand. A Fellow of the New Zealand Institute of Architects since 1969 has in the past been closely involved in the institute at a national level. Including the Education Committee (1968–1970), Publications Committee (1965–1969), Journal Committee (1963–1964) and Library and Journal Committee (1964–1965). He was the President of the Wellington Architectural Centre (1962), a Committee Member (1958–1960, 1982–1986), and is currently a life member. His service to the design community also included involvement with the New Zealand Institute of Landscape Designers, and the New Zealand Institute of Landscape Architects, of which he has been an Honorary Fellow since 1998.
Training and education.
Jim Beard trained in architecture at Auckland University, and was an early member of the Wellington Architectural Centre (formed in 1946). He worked for the Ministry of Works architectural office becoming a cadet supervisor in the late 1940s. He was actively involved with the Wellington Architectural Centre, particularly in the 1940s, 1950s and 1980s. After passing the Royal Town Planning Institute (London) examinations in Wellington (while working at the New Zealand Ministry of Works), he received a scholarship and went to M.I.T. to study city planning (1951–1952). Later at Harvard University he studied for a Masters in Landscape Architecture. In the 1960s he co-founded Gabites and Beard Registered Architects and Town Planning Consultants in Wellington and played an active role in the New Zealand Institute of Architects. In the late 1960s he returned to America to work as a Research Assistant (1967–1968) at the Harvard Graduate School of Design where he worked with Peter Hornbeck and Peter Jacobs co-producing Highway Esthetics: functional criteria for planning and design (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1968).
Private practice.
From 1971-1972 he was part of the architectural partnership Gabites, Toomath, Beard, Wilson & partners. Following this he formed James Beard & Co. In the 1980s he was responsible for the major repair, strengthening and restoration of the Katherine Mansfield Birthplace in Thorndon, including substantial conservation research (this material and documentation is deposited at the Alexander Turnbull Library), and was extensively involved in the recently formed New Zealand Institute of Landscape Architecture.
Beard has been involved in a range of buildings and landscape design. He is recognised for his residential work (especially the Beard House, Hauraki Street, Karori (1955), and apartment design in the 1960s), and two well-known inner city Wellington buildings: the Hannah Playhouse (1973) and P.S.I.S. Investment House (1976). He has been involved in significant landscape projects (e.g. the Te Marua Lakes Project, Kaitoke Regional Park). In addition his work is characterised as a multi-disciplinary practice, drawing on his skills in the fields of architecture, landscape architecture and town planning. He has also been involved in teaching architecture at a tertiary level at Auckland University, Wellington Technical College, Wellington Polytechnic and Victoria University of Wellington.
Influence and significance.
Jim Beard is a significant New Zealand architect. In his work at the Ministry of Works he influenced a generation of architects (including people such as Bill Alington). He is a rare example of a New Zealand architect undertaking postgraduate study at an overseas university, studying Town Planning at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and then Landscape Architecture at Harvard University. He was hence one of the few qualified Town Planners and Landscape Architects working in New Zealand in the 1950s and 1960s. It was not until 1969 that Lincoln University established the Post Graduate Diploma in Landscape Architecture - the first full-time course in landscape architecture in Australasia.
Beard has also made a significant contribution to concrete apartment design in Wellington in the late 1950s and early 1960s, examples of which exist in Hamilton Road, Hataitai, Tapiri Street/William Street, Hataitai, Brougham Street, Mount Victoria, and Wellington Road, Kilbirnie. These were exercises in providing both liveable modern homes and efficient planning, at a time when single unit detached dwellings were the norm. He is perhaps best known within architectural circles for his significant contribution to Wellington's inner city examples of Brutalist architecture, namely the Hannah Playhouse (1973) and PSIS Investment House (1976).
His work on the Katherine Mansfield Birthplace is also significant as a contribution to New Zealand's national cultural heritage. This work has included various reports and research work. The unpublished material is held within the Alexander Turnbull Library Manuscripts Collections. Published material on this work includes: Beard, James Mansfield Precinct (Wellington New Zealand Heritage and Conservation Trust and the Wellington Heritage and Conservation Trust, [2005). Katherine Mansfield Birthplace received a New Zealand Tourism Award in 1994.
Beard has constantly contributed to New Zealand architecture and landscape design and architecture, as well as town planning from the beginning of his career to the present day, both as a professional and as an astute and committed commentator in institute and organisational publications such as: New Zealand Architect/Architecture New Zealand, The Landscape, Cuttings, and Off Centre. He has given service to organisations such as the Wellington Architectural Centre, the New Zealand Institute of Architects, the New Zealand Institute of Landscape Designers, and founded the Wellington Heritage and Conservation Trust as part of his efforts to lobby for a better built environment. As Michael Jones has noted "Beard has exerted a sustained influence on late 1960s attitudes to the landscape – as a regular commentator on national and civic policy and action." (Jones "Professional recognition" p. 9.)
His work, in particular the Hannah Playhouse, is also deemed to have national significance as it is represented in the Drawings, Photographs and Manuscripts Collections at the Alexander Turnbull Library at the National Library in Wellington. In addition both the libraries at the Schools of Architecture at University of Auckland, and Victoria University hold collections of Beard's writings on Architecture, Landscape Architecture, and Town Planning. The Hannah Playhouse used by Downstage Theatre is also recognised with its inclusion in the Wellington City Council Heritage Building Inventory, and his and Al Gabites' 1965 proposed "Precinct Planning for Wellington" was exhibited in "Unbuilt Wellington," at the Wellington City Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="9765241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765241" title="North Texas Mean Green">
North Texas Mean Green

North Texas Mean Green (variously UNT or Eagles) refers to the students, graduates, and sports teams of the University of North Texas.The teams compete in Division I of NCAA sports. North Texas competed in the Sun Belt Conference until joining Conference USA (C-USA) on July 1, 2013. UNT's official school colors are green, white and black. North Texas athletes are known as the "Mean Green" and the mascot is an eagle named Scrappy .
Origin of the name "Mean Green".
The name "Mean Green" was adopted by fans and media in 1966 for a North Texas football defensive squad that finished the season second in the nation against the rush. That school year, Joe Greene, then a sophomore at North Texas, played left defensive tackle on the football team and competed in track and field (shot put). The nickname "Mean Joe Greene" caught on during his first year with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1969 when the fan base mistakenly assumed that "Mean Green" was derived from a nickname they thought he had inherited while at North Texas. The athletic department, media, and fans loved the novelty of a young standout's surname being a homophone of the university's school color. By 1968, "Mean Green" was on the back of shirts, buttons, bumper stickers, and the cover of the North Texas football brochure. Even the band became identified as the "Mean Green Marching Machine."
Teams.
Baseball.
In 1984, the university fielded a varsity baseball team until it was discontinued after the 1988 season. The team competed as a member of the Southland Conference. After starting the program's inaugural season with a 0–19 record, the Eagles won their first game against the Emporia State Hornets, 4–1. The team played their home games at Mack Park in Denton.
The university had planned to revive the program and build an on-campus ballpark. The ballpark would have been home field of both the Mean Green, and Denton Outlaws. The program's revival failed to happen and the Denton Outlaws disbanded after the 2007 season.
The 2014 UNT fiscal budget included $600,000 in start up costs for reviving the Mean Green baseball program. The university plans to construct a new on campus ballpark within the Mean Green Village. Decade long accounting errors by the UNT System have led to the baseball program to be placed on hold indefinitely. The earliest the program could be revived is in time for the 2016 season, dependent on the facilities' construction beginning in early 2015.
Season-by-season results.
Source:
Football.
Founded in 1913, the Mean Green has won eight Lone Star Conference championships, five Gulf Coast Conference championships, five Missouri Valley Conference championships, two Southland Conference championships and most recently, four consecutive Sun Belt Conference championships. The team has also appeared in eight bowl games, winning three, most recently the 2014 Heart of Dallas Bowl. From 1952 until the 2010 season, home football games were played at Fouts Field. A new 30,850-seat stadium, Apogee Stadium opened for the 2011 season.
Basketball.
Since 1973, the school's teams for men's and women's basketball have played their home games in the Super Pit. From 2001 to 2012, the men's team experienced relative success under head coach Johnny Jones. During the 2006-2007 season, North Texas won its first Sun Belt Conference title and advanced to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1988. North Texas won the Sun Belt Conference title again during the 2009-2010 season to advance to the NCAA Tournament for the second time in four years.
School spirit.
The school's colors are green, white and black. The music for the "alma mater", "Glory to the Green and White," (originally titled "Our College") was composed by Julia Smith in 1919 and adopted by the school in 1922. The lyrics are were written by Charles Langford, then a third-year letterman on the football team. The school's fight song, Fight, North Texas, composed by Francis Stroup, was adopted in 1939. The school mascot is an eagle named Scrappy. The 400-member Green Brigade Marching Band performs at every home game, both pregame and halftime, for the crowd.
Facilities.
The school's football team plays its home games at Apogee Stadium. The men's and women's basketball programs play at the UNT Coliseum.
Many of the school's athletic facilities are located at the Mean Green Village, which opened for the 2006-07 athletic season. The athletic village area includes:
Alumni.
Golf
The era of collegiate prominence in Texas golf began with North Texas winning four consecutive NCAA Division I Championships from 1949 to 1952. Intercollegiate golf had until then been dominated by the Ivy League, which — since 1897 when intercollegiate golf began — had won 36 national titles. North Texas students Don January, who later won the PGA Championship, and 1951 U.S. Amateur champion Billy Maxwell, were members of the team. Fred Cobb (1899–1954), the coach, launched the team in 1945. years since winning its fourth consecutive Championship, only one other team in the nation — the Houston Cougars — has surpassed four consecutive titles. In the -year history of intercollegiate golf, North Texas is one of only nine with more than one national title.
Football 
On September 1, 1956, Abner Haynes and his high school classmate Leon A. King (born 1938), became the first African American students to participate on the North Texas football team. In the larger picture, Haynes and King were the first to break the color barrier for intercollegiate sports in Texas — seven years before anyone was authorized to break it at a Southwest Conference school. Haynes quickly became an offensive and defensive star on the team. Despite his athletic leadership and fan popularity, Haynes experienced painful encounters with Jim Crow — including not being allowed to live on campus. Perhaps the worst was when Ole Miss, Mississippi State, and Chattanooga discontinued scheduling North Texas after 1956, citing state laws. Haynes went on to play with the Dallas Texans (1960–1963), earning the American Football League MVP in 1961, and continued playing when the team became the Kansas City Chiefs (1963–1964). Then he played for the Denver Broncos (1965–1966), the Miami Dolphins (1967), and the New York Jets. Haynes is in the Halls of Fame of North Texas (1986), Kansas City Chiefs (1991), and Texas Sports (2007). Haynes, who now lives in Denton, is one of a few athletes who was able to play high school, college, and professional football in North Texas.
Mean Joe Greene, in 1968, was selected as a College Football Consensus All American, the only alumnus in the -year history of football at North Texas to win the honor. He went on to the Pittsburgh Steelers where he anchored the Steel Curtain defense that led Pittsburgh to four Super Bowl titles. In 1976, North Texas inducted Greene as a Distinguished Alumnus, an honor bestowed only to twenty-nine others during the then ten-year history of the award. On August 1, 1983, Governor Mark White appointed Greene to the Board of Regents of North Texas, making him the first African American to serve as a regent of any Texas state university. In 1987, Greene was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, the only alumnus ever to become a member. In 1988, he was named to the North Texas Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9765249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765249" title="Elkhart Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Elkhart Township, Logan County, Illinois

Elkhart Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 511 and it contained 249 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9765282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765282" title="Dreamland (2007 film)">
Dreamland (2007 film)

Dreamland is an American science fiction film that was released on DVD February 27, 2007.
Plot.
In the Nevada mountains between Las Vegas and Reno in the desolate nuclear testing grounds of Dreamland (Area 51), a young couple Megan (Jackie Kreisler) and Dylan (Shane Elliott) stop in a greasy spoon cafe where they learn about the Area 51 government base a few miles away. After they get back on the road, Dylan turns on the radio. The only broadcast he can find is a speech from Adolf Hitler at the 1936 Olympic Games. The car dies and a visitor appears from another moment in time. When Megan and Dylan look closely they realize that it is Hitler from the past. Past and present intersect throughout the film. Demonic versions of those long dead are also encountered.

</doc>
<doc id="9765285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765285" title="Eminence Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Eminence Township, Logan County, Illinois

Eminence Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 421 and it contained 186 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.05%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765304" title="Fantômas contre Scotland Yard">
Fantômas contre Scotland Yard

Fantômas contre Scotland Yard (, "Fantomas Against Scotland Yard") is the final installment of a trilogy of films starring Jean Marais as the arch villain with the same name opposite Louis de Funès as the earnest but outclassed commissaire Juve and the journalist Fandor, also played by Marais. The trilogy was France's answer, starting in 1964, to the James Bond phenomenon that swept the world at around the same time. The "Fantômas" films became extremely successful in Europe and USSR, and found success even in the United States and Japan where fan websites exist to this day.
Plot.
In the third and final episode of the trilogy, Fantômas imposes a head tax on the rich, threatening to kill those who do not comply. Journalist Fandor and commissaire Juve are invited to Scotland by Lord McRashley (played by Jean-Roger Caussimon). Lord McRashley, one of Fantômas' potential victims, uses his castle as the headquarters to set up a trap for the menace called Fantômas.
Release.
The film premiered in France on 16 March 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9765305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765305" title="Hurlbut Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Hurlbut Township, Logan County, Illinois

Hurlbut Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 305 and it contained 134 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.88%) is land and (or 0.12%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765307" title="American lower class">
American lower class

The concept of a lower class in the United States is used to describe those at or near the lower end of the socio-economic hierarchy. As with all social classes in the United States, the lower class is loosely defined and its boundaries and definitions subject to debate and ambiguous popular opinions. Sociologists such as W. Lloyd Warner, Dennis Gilbert and James Henslin divide the lower classes into two. The contemporary division used by Gilbert divides the lower class into the working poor and underclass. Service and low-rung manual laborers are commonly identified as being among the working poor. Those who do not participate in the labor force and rely on public assistance as their main source of income are commonly identified as members of the underclass. Overall the term describes those in easily filled employment positions with little prestige or economic compensation who often lack a high school education and are to some extent disenfranchised from mainstream society.
Estimates for how many households are members of this class vary with definition. According to Dennis Gilbert roughly one quarter, 25%, of US households were in the lower classes; 13% were members among the working poor while 12% were members of the underclass. While many in the lower working class are employed in low-skill service jobs, lack of participation in the labor force remains the main cause for the economic plight experienced by those in the lower classes. In 2005, the majority of households (56%) in the bottom income quintile had no income earners while 65% of householders did not work. This contrasts starkly to households in the top quintile, 76% of whom had two or more income earners. 
Lacking educational attainment as well as disabilities are among the main causes for the infrequent employment. Many households rise above or fall below the poverty threshold, depending on the employment status of household members. While only about 12% of households fall below the poverty threshold at one point in time, the percentage of those who fall below the poverty line at any one point throughout a year is much higher. Working class as well as working poor households may fall below the poverty line if an income earner becomes unemployed. In any given year roughly one out of every five (20%) households falls below the poverty line at some point while up to 40% may fall into poverty within the course of a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="9765324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765324" title="Laenna Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Laenna Township, Logan County, Illinois

Laenna Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 584 and it contained 282 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.
The township includes the geographical center of the State of Illinois, a small monument to which has been erected at 40°3.157'N 89°11.087'W (40.05259,-89.18482), in a park southeast of Melvin Street and East Olive Street in the village of Chestnut.

</doc>
<doc id="9765348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765348" title="Battle of Wadi Al-Batin">
Battle of Wadi Al-Batin

The Battle of Wadi Al-Batin or Battle of Ruqi Pocket took place before the beginning of the Desert Storm operations on 16 February 1991. This is not to be confused with the "Battle of Wadi Al-Batin" which was fought later in the four-day ground war between elements of the U.S. 3rd Armored Division and the Iraqi Republican Guard.
Iraqis thought that Coalition forces were prepping the Wadi Al-Batin for the main attack. The desired effect was that the Iraqis would think that the main coalition ground attack would come up the Wadi Al Batin, a natural invasion route, and they would therefore reinforce their forces there, at the expense of the Western flank, where VII Corps would conduct the main attack.
Deception movements.
As American forces secretly redeployed from the southern Kuwaiti border to the northwest, "deception cells" were left in the south. This units built a computer-generated electronic network which simulated an intense VHF-UHF wireless traffic. When the Iraqi intelligence caught these "radio calls" -some of them only static hiss- they immediately concluded that the bulk of American forces were still entrenched south of the border. Another master piece of military dupery was the building of fake bunkers and the shuttling of bogus vehicle convoys, only intended to churn up great clouds of dust. Decoy tanks added to the deception of the unsuspecting Iraqi army.
The Feint.
By mid February, General Franks ordered U.S. 1st Cavalry Division to conduct a thrust along the border between Iraq and Kuwait. This misdirection would allow the coalition forces to perform the famous "Hail Mary" to the West as the Iraqis focused on the Wadi.
Operation Berm Buster.
On 15 February, TF 1-32, supported by the divisions 8th Engineers, breached the defensive berm built by the Iraqis on the frontier. The 155 mm howitzers of the Division's 3-82nd Field Artillery Regiment kept the Iraqi positions under fire in the course of this operation, pounding seven pre established targets. The Iraqis retaliated with sporadic mortar fire.
Operation Red Storm.
The first phase of the feint was a night attack. Fire support from the 82nd Field Artillery Regiment was required again. 
The artillery was temporarily reduced to 50% percent when a howitzer was stuck in an antitank ditch, preventing the rest of the convoy from moving ahead. Two soldiers were injured in the accident. Undeterred, the Regiment carried out a precision shelling on an Iraqi radar facility just before 1:00 AM of 16 February.
The 82nd immediately moved out of the area after the mission was completed, and a raid by Apache helicopters hit selected targets deep behind the Iraqi lines.
Operation Knight Strike.
On the evening of 19 February, the 1st Cavalry followed up the artillery attack with a Reconnaissance in Force by Task Force 1-5 CAV (Black Knights) of the 2nd Black Jack Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division. The Task Force consisted two M1A1 Abrams Tank Companies, two M2A2 Bradley Fighting Vehicle Companies, an M901 Anti Tank Company, Command and Control elements from the Headquarters of 2nd Brigade, elements of 1st ADA (Stinger and Vulcan Anti Aircraft Systems) and in a combat trains location, elements of the forward support battalion (C Co medical evac). One of the first reaction of the Iraqis, besides firing sporadic mortar rounds, was to set oil trenches on fire.
On 20 February, 1-5 CAV broke the border berm in two different points, and after evading a minefield they crossed to the west bank of the wadi. Then the troops of the 2nd Brigade maneuvered northwards for six miles. Their orders were "Do not become decisively engaged, and do not attrit your force." At midday, a scout platoon reported that they were exchanging fire with the enemy. Seven Iraqi soldiers laid down their weapons. As reinforcements were pushing forward, the column was ambushed by Iraqi troops using mortars and T-12 anti-tank guns hidden on the reverse slope of a low ridge. Intense direct and indirect fire erupted. The Brigade commander, Col. Randolph House, was forced to retreat rearguards after his M113 vehicle was nearly hit by several shells.
Before a skirmish line could be formed, an M163 Vulcan was destroyed by a 100 mm round. The gunner died instantly. A Bradley IFV spraying 25 mm fire on Iraqi trenches was also hit; Sergeant Ronald Randazzo the BFV Gunner was killed and two other men were wounded as result. Another Bradley, commanded by Staff Sergeant Christopher Chichon, came forward to evacuate these casualties. The armored vehicle was struck in the turret by a round which shattered its TOW launcher. While rescuing wounded personnel from the first Bradley, Private First Class Ardon Cooper received several shrapnel injuries, and died later from heavy loss of blood. He was posthumously awarded the Silver Star. Sergeant Chichon's Bradley was still operational, and its crew managed to withdraw it from the line of fire, after picking up the wounded. Specialist Adkins of Charlie Company was moved forward with the battalions medical office in an attempt to reach Bradley Gunner Sergeant Randazzo but took hits to his Humvee which caused him to withdraw with an Abrams tank shielding his withdraw. The battle raged for about an hour; after pounding the Iraqi positions with heavy artillery and A-10 air strikes, 1-5 fell back to the berm. During the pull-out, an Abrams tank tank hit a mine and was heavily damaged. The Iraqi defenders lost five tanks and 20 artillery pieces. American casualties amounted to three dead and nine wounded. The wisdom of a full-daylight operation was the subject of some criticism, but the Iraqi army remained convinced that the Coalition invasion would take place from the south.

</doc>
<doc id="9765349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765349" title="Lake Fork Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Lake Fork Township, Logan County, Illinois

Lake Fork Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 154 and it contained 56 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9765355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765355" title="Savant Lake">
Savant Lake

Savant Lake is an unincorporated place and community in Unorganized Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.
Transportation.
Savant Lake is on Ontario Highway 599, roughly halfway between Ignace and Pickle Lake. The community is also connected to Sioux Lookout via Ontario Highway 516, and is the proposed northern terminus of an extension of Ontario Highway 811, if the extension is ever built.
Savant Lake is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between Fowler to the west and Staunton to the east. Savant Lake railway station is on the line and is served by Via Rail transcontinental "Canadian" trains.
Savant Lake (Sturgeon Lake) Water Aerodrome is located southeast of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="9765376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765376" title="Mount Pulaski Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Mount Pulaski Township, Logan County, Illinois

Mount Pulaski Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,100 and it contained 965 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9765397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765397" title="Oran Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Oran Township, Logan County, Illinois

Oran Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 378 and it contained 162 housing units. The community of Beason is located within the township.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765417" title="Orvil Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Orvil Township, Logan County, Illinois

Orvil Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,068 and it contained 483 housing units. Communities found in this township are Hartsburg and Emden.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9765419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765419" title="Flesh and Bone">
Flesh and Bone

Flesh and Bone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9765429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765429" title="Torrey Highlands, San Diego">
Torrey Highlands, San Diego

Torrey Highlands is a primarily residential community in northern San Diego, California. Most of the community has been developed from 2000 to present.
Geography.
Torrey Highlands is bordered: to the north by Black Mountain Ranch; to the south by Del Mar Mesa; to the east by Rancho Peñasquitos; to the west by Pacific Highlands Ranch; and to the northwest by Fairbanks Ranch.
The Torrey Highlands Subarea Plan was approved in 1996 by voters and the City Council. The Torrey Highlands Subarea Plan limited dwelling units to no more than 2,600 and designated 50 percent of Torrey Highlands for residential development, 30 percent for parks and open space, 12 percent for schools, 5 percent for commercial, and 3 percent for employment centers.
Demographics.
According to January 2006 estimates by the San Diego Association of Governments, there were 2,401 people and 227 households residing in the neighborhood, which increased 29,912.5% from 8 people and 2 households in 2000. The estimated racial makeup was 58.6% White, 30.5% Asian & Pacific Islander, 5.5% Hispanic, 4.0% from other races, 1.3% African American, and 0.2% American Indian. The median age is 39.9 with 28.2% under the age of 18 and 8.5% over the age of 65. The estimated median household income was $130,086 ($101,899 adjusted for inflation in 1999 dollars); 20.7% of the community made more than $150,000; 63.0% made between $60,000 and $149,999; and 16.3% made less than $60,000.
Education.
Torrey Highlands is served by San Diego's Public Education system, and several schools, including Westview High School is located within the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="9765443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765443" title="Prairie Creek Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Prairie Creek Township, Logan County, Illinois

Prairie Creek Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 487 and it contained 194 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9765468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765468" title="Hermann Edler von Zeissl">
Hermann Edler von Zeissl

Hermann Edler von Zeissl (September 22, 1817 - September 23, 1884) was a Moravia-born Austrian Jewish dermatologist who was born in the village of Vierzighuben (), near Zwittau, Moravia.
Zeissl received his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, and from 1846 worked as a medical assistant in the surgical and dermatological hospitals at the university. In 1861 he became an associate professor in Vienna, and in 1869 was appointed professor and chief physician of the second department for syphilis at General Hospital Vienna. During his career, he was an authority on skin diseases and syphilis.

</doc>
<doc id="9765469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765469" title="Ron Joyce Stadium">
Ron Joyce Stadium

Ron Joyce Stadium is a football stadium owned by McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The stadium is the home of the McMaster Marauders football team and the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse. The stadium features 6,000 permanent seats and temporary seating for an additional 6,000 on the other side of the field when needed for national events. An underground parking garage is below the stadium grounds that will serve visitors to the stadium plus daily campus parking needs. The Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League also use the stadium for training during the spring and summer.
The stadium features a large press box with facilities for live TV and radio broadcasts, as well as working areas for print media, game operations staff, as well as home and visiting team coaches and spotters.
The participant level of the stadium features dressing rooms for the visiting teams and game officials, as well as more luxurious dressing room facilities for Marauder football, soccer, and rugby teams. There is also a satellite sports medicine clinic for players to receive taping and treatments. Multi-purpose rooms are also used for video review of game tape.
The dressing rooms are also used for players and referees taking part in contests in the Burridge gym as there was a lack of quality, private accommodations for officials and players previous to the stadium's completion.
The Marauders played their Ontario University Athletics games in 2005, 2006, and 2007 at the Hamilton Tiger-Cats' Ivor Wynne Stadium. Inversely, the Tiger-Cats began their 2014 season at Ron Joyce Stadium after Tim Hortons Field fell behind schedule in construction.

</doc>
<doc id="9765473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765473" title="Sheridan Township, Logan County, Illinois">
Sheridan Township, Logan County, Illinois

Sheridan Township is located in Logan County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 477 and it contained 220 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9765483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765483" title="Filmic Achievement">
Filmic Achievement

Filmic Achievement is a 2005 mock-umentary film by Kevin Kerwin and Authentic Films. The film takes a humorous look at film school. According to the official website of the film,
UNY Film School is an intensive, selective program located in the heart of New York City. Each year, UNY awards one student the coveted Filmic Achievement Award. Buck Felty, Dean and Screenwriting professor, approached Kevin Kerwin to document the selection process for the award. Kerwin was given an all-access pass to the school and was able to examine the workings of the program at UNY: the instruction, the work, the competition, and the selection of the winner. The result is Filmic Achievement, a revealing look at film school and the equally misunderstood and passionate filmmakers of tomorrow.

</doc>
<doc id="9765484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765484" title="BEDlight for BlueEYES">
BEDlight for BlueEYES

Bedlight for Blue Eyes was an alternative rock band from Berkeley Heights, New Jersey signed to Trustkill Records. Their debut album, "The Dawn", was released in August 2005; the album reached No. 45 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. In October 2005, guitarist Justin Ortiz left the band to pursue folk rock/indie project Boy vs. Ghost. Not too long after, original vocalist Christian Guerrero left as well. Most recently, Bedlight's bassist and founding member James Granuzzo also left the band. 
They also contributed to the "Punk Goes 90's" album, doing a version of Third Eye Blind's "Jumper" with their original band lineup. It prominently features a piano played by Sebastian Davin of Dropping Daylight throughout the song, and less guitar than the original.
As of 2007, the band has reformed with several new members, and recorded a second album, "Life on Life's Terms", at Treesound Studios in the United States state of Georgia. The band's 2007 effort, "Life on Life's Terms", leaked onto the Internet on July 4, 2007 from an unknown source six days before it was officially released. The record was released on Trustkill on July 10, 2007.
"Life on Life's Terms" marked a change in musical style which differentiated from their previous work. Whereas "The Dawn" was more influenced by emo lyrics and singing/screaming styles, "Life on Life's Terms" took a more straight-up rock and pop-rock approach. "Life on Life's Terms", while not as widely acknowledged as a release as "The Dawn", did garner much more positive reviews. Both CDs feature mild guitar solos in various songs despite the somewhat significant changes in musical stylings.
Beginning in October 2007, the band began touring with well-known alternative bands New Found Glory and Senses Fail, and in November Bedlight for Blue Eyes toured with Sullivan and Kenotia.
On November 1, 2008, the band announced that they were on indefinite hiatus.
On January 23, 2009, at The School of Rock in Hackensack, NJ, the band played their last show.
Daniel Rinaldi has since been filling in for the group Lannen Fall as their lead vocalist and has hinted at a new band coming soon.

</doc>
<doc id="9765495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765495" title="Qi (programming language)">
Qi (programming language)

Qi is a functional programming language developed by Mark Tarver and introduced in April 2005. A new version was reimplemented and issued as Qi II in November 2008. The first version was free software, licensed under GPL. But, as GPL was perceived as unfriendly to commercial use, Qi II is available via two proprietary licenses: one for personal and educational use, and another for producing closed source software.
Qi is written in Lisp. It includes most of the features common to modern functional programming languages such as pattern-matching, currying, partial applications, guards and (optional) static type checking.
L21 project.
Qi was developed as part of the L21 project, which aims to modernise Lisp to meet the challenges of twenty-first century computing. In his lecture, Tarver outlined a series of current challenges to Lisp which he argued were damaging to the wider use of the language. Specifically he identified Common Lisp's lack of pattern-matching, inconsistency with respect to lambda calculus theory (partial applications being missing), procedural contamination and lack of static typing. These deficiencies, Tarver argued, had led to a general abandonment of Lisp as a teaching vehicle at university level with a concomitant lack of graduating Lisp programmers. Tarver characterised this lack of support for teaching Lisp at university as leading to a 'classic vicious cycle', whereby the small number of graduating students fluent in Lisp encouraged a transition away from using Lisp programmers which, in turn, fueled the perception that Lisp was a dying language and fed the decline in the teaching of Lisp.
In the same lecture, Tarver suggested that this problem could either be tackled at the industry or the university end, but that tackling the problem at the industry end required a champion with large amounts of capital to invest in Lisp. Tarver instead proposed to tackle the problem at the university end, by modernising Common Lisp in such a way to make it 'future proof' for at least 25 years. His characterisation of an adequate modernisation of Lisp was summarised in ten requirements which Qi was designed to meet. The solution should:
Architecture.
Qi makes use of the logical notation of sequent calculus to define types. This type notation, under Qi's interpretation, is actually a Turing complete language in its own right. This notation allows Qi to assign extensible type systems to Common Lisp libraries and is thought of as an extremely powerful feature of the language.
Qi compiles sequent calculus to Qi Prolog (which is incorporated into the Qi environment) via the Abstract Unification Machine (AUM). The AUM acts as a functional programming analog to the Warren abstract machine generating virtual instructions from what is essentially an extended lambda calculus (see also Prolog#Implementation techniques). The Qi compiler maps AUM instructions to Common Lisp, and these the Lisp compiler compiles into byte code or machine code depending on the Lisp platform. The Qi environment also includes a compiler-compiler Qi-YACC which is used in the encoding of Qi to handle the parsing and reading of Qi code. Qi is thus bootstrapped or written (largely) in itself apart from a few Common Lisp functions.
Development.
As of January 2009, Qi has been updated several times since the first release (6.1) in April 2005, and the current release, Qi II 1.07, released in July, 2009, runs under both Windows and Linux on the CLISP, CMU Common Lisp, Allegro Common Lisp and Steel Bank Common Lisp (SBCL) platforms.
Qi II incorporates the following improvements over the original Qi, as follows:
Before this, an earlier version, 9.0, incorporated an optional factoring code compiler (Turbo-E) for optimising pattern-matching. In a comparative shoot-out against several Lisp programs and OCaml, Qi 9.0 performed at the speed of the fastest and most heavily hand-optimised Lisp version. A release (Qi/Tk) incorporating a type secure version of Tcl/Tk embedded into Qi appeared in March 2009.
In January 2010, a successor version to Qi II was announced designed to implement many of the ideas in Tarver's lectures. The new version is designed to run under Common Lisp, Clojure and Python and is also targeted for the Dalvik Virtual Machine. Contributors include Dr Mark Tarver, Carl Shapiro of Google and Stefan Tampe.
Alternatively, the developers and proponents of the ideas set forth in Qi, have come up with a successor to Qi, dubbed Shen (programming language). Shen is a more compact language as compared to Qi, although it is mostly compatible with Qi. As such, further development on Qi may be stalled, with the result being more effort spent on Shen.
Core language.
The Qi core language is a simplification of the Lisp language. Functions are written in prefix form. Symbols, variables, booleans, numbers, strings and characters are all self-evaluating if typed at the top level. Here are some examples.
Here is the traditional Hello world program in Qi:
Lists are constructed with [ ... ] with spaces separating the elements of the list.
A factorial function using pattern matching:
A lambda function in Qi that multiplies its input by 2.
The membership function using pattern-matching over lists. (Qi largely follows the Edinburgh syntax convention for matching (i.e. variables are headed in uppercase), except that spaces are used instead of commas to separate items.)
A function using guards that finds the first number greater than N in a list.
Type checking.
Static typing is optional in Qi and is enabled by (tc +) and disabled by (tc -). The type system recognises symbols, variables, strings, booleans, numbers and characters as primitive types. Primitive type operators are list, * (product), --> and array. Here are some examples
Functions are explicitly typed as with Hope. is an acceptable abbreviation for the type (list A). Here is the polytype signature of member in Qi.
User-defined concrete types are defined in Qi sequent calculus. Qi sequent calculus uses a single conclusion formalism. Sequent rules have the form
where S0...,Sn are sequent patterns. Note that S1, ...,Sn may be empty.
Side conditions in Qi are either (a) boolean tests or (b) local assignments. Here are some examples; the first uses a boolean side-condition to define an enumeration type 'fruit' containing 'apples', 'pears' and 'oranges' as the only inhabitants.
Here a type 'alphanum' is defined that is the union of the types of symbols and numbers.
Here is a (rather fatuous) use of local assignments in a type.
Lastly a more interesting recursive type for binary numbers.
Qi Prolog.
Qi Prolog is a version of Prolog implemented in Qi, using a standard Edinburgh syntax, embedding the Prolog program in a string. This is a basic example of Qi Prolog:
And this is how to ask questions to the Prolog database:
Here is Einstein's Riddle in Qi Prolog. Under CMU Lisp on a 2.6 GHz Intel machine, Qi Prolog solves (ask M) in 0.24s (M = German) (300 KLIPS).
Qi Prolog includes an interface for calling Qi functions and the possibility of mode declarations in a similar manner to DEC-10 Prolog.
Qi YACC.
Qi YACC is an untyped compiler-compiler based on a top-down recursive descent parsing strategy. It is derived from the TDPL (top-down parsing language) and is the basis for much of the inbuilt parsing in Qi. Qi YACC takes Backus–Naur Form code directly as a pseudo-code:
becomes
The following is a Qi-YACC program that parenthesises any input occurring between { ... }s.
Qi-YACC is more extensively discussed on the home site (see External Links).

</doc>
<doc id="9765502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765502" title="Cloth modeling">
Cloth modeling

Cloth modeling is the term used for simulating cloth within a computer program; usually in the context of 3D computer graphics. The main approaches used for this may be classified into three basic types: geometric, physical, and particle/energy.
Background.
Most models of cloth are based on "particles" of mass connected in some manner of mesh. Newtonian Physics is used to model each particle through the use of a "black box" called a physics engine. This involves using the basic law of motion (Newton's Second Law):
In all of these models, the goal is to find the position and shape of a piece of fabric using this basic equation and several other methods.
Geometric methods.
Weil pioneered the first of these, the geometric technique, in 1986. His work was focused on approximating the look of cloth by treating cloth like a collection of cables and using Hyperbolic cosine (catenary) curves. Because of this, it is not suitable for dynamic models but works very well for stationary or single-frame renders. This technique creates an underlying shape out of single points; then, it parses through each set of three of these points and maps a catenary curve to the set. It then takes the lowest out of each overlapping set and uses it for the render.
Physical methods.
The second technique treats cloth like a grid work of particles connected to each other by springs. Whereas the geometric approach accounted for none of the inherent stretch of a woven material, this physical model accounts for stretch (tension), stiffness, and weight:
Now we apply the basic principle of mechanical equilibrium in which all bodies seek lowest energy by differentiating this equation to find the minimum energy.
Particle/energy methods.
The last method is more complex than the first two. The particle technique takes the physical technique from (f) a step further and supposes that we have a network of particles interacting directly. Rather than springs, the energy interactions of the particles are used to determine the cloth’s shape. An energy equation that adds onto the following is used:
Terms for energy added by any source can be added to this equation, then derive and find minima, which generalizes our model. This allows for modelling cloth behavior under any circumstance, and since the cloth is treated as a collection of particles its behavior can be described with the dynamics provided in our physics engine.

</doc>
<doc id="9765507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765507" title="Gareth Yuen">
Gareth Yuen

Gareth Yuen is an Australian actor who portrays the character Dax Lo, the Blue Ranger on the 2007 television series "". He appeared at the Power Morphicon in June 2007.
He is a graduate of Sydney's National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA).
Early life and education.
Yuen was born and raised in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9765510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765510" title="Shakushain's Revolt">
Shakushain's Revolt

The war initially began as a fight for resources between Shakushain's people and a rival Ainu clan in the Shibuchari River (Shizunai River) basin of what is now Shinhidaka, Hokkaidō. The war developed into a final attempt by the Ainu to preserve their political independence and regain control over the terms of their trade relations with the Yamato people.
According to scholar Brett Walker:
Shakushain's War stands out as a watershed event in the history of the conquest of Ezo. Shakushain exploded onto the scene as a charismatic leader who proved able to bridge regional differences among Ainu communities, threatening to unite them against the Japanese intrusion from the south. The Tokugawa shogunate reacted by solidifying its own united front of military allies in the northeast, replacing local Matsumae generals with men of its own choosing, thus illustrating its self-appointed role as defender of the realm.
At the end of 1669, Shakushain's forces surrendered to the Matsumae. The two sides exchanged gifts and negotiated a peace settlement; however, while Ainu generals celebrated with "liberal helpings of saké", they were assassinated by Matsumae warriors. Shakushain was among those killed that day.
The only other comparable large-scale revolt by Ainu against Japanese rule was the Menashi-Kunashir Battle of 1789. An earlier rebellion along the same lines was Koshamain's Revolt in 1456.

</doc>
<doc id="9765541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765541" title="Elizabeth Township, New Jersey">
Elizabeth Township, New Jersey

Elizabeth Township, also called Elizabethtown, was a township that existed in Essex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, from 1664 until 1855.
The area was initially part of the Elizabethtown Tract, purchased from the Lenape on October 28, 1664.
Elizabeth-Town Township was formed on October 31, 1693, while the area was still within Essex County. Elizabeth was incorporated as one of New Jersey's initial 104 townships by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 21, 1798. Portions of the township were taken to form Westfield Township (January 27, 1794), Springfield Township (April 14, 1794), Rahway Township (February 27, 1804) and Clinton Township (April 14, 1834).
On March 13, 1855, the City of Elizabeth was created, combining and replacing both Elizabeth Township and Elizabeth Borough. With the creation of the City of Elizabeth, Elizabeth Township was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9765549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765549" title="William V of Montpellier">
William V of Montpellier

William V (or Guilhem V; died 1121) was the Lord of Montpellier from 1068 until his death. He was the son of William IV.
Soon after his father's death, his mother, Ermengarde, quit Montpellier to marry the Lord of Anduze. William IV had confided the tutelage of his son to the child's grandmother, Beliarde, and to his nearest relatives: William Arnold, Raymond Stephen, and William Aymoin. After a short conflict with the bishop of Maguelonne, William V rendered homage to the bishop on 10 December 1090 and was recognised as lord of Montpellier.
At the call of Pope Urban II, William took up the cross of the First Crusade under the banner of Raymond IV of Toulouse. He served notable at the capture of the small Syrian village of Ma'arrat al-Numan in 1098. After the fall of Jerusalem in 1099, William remained in the Holy Land for a while. He remained at the side of Godfrey de Bouillon and accompanied him to the Battle of Arsuf in December. He did not return to Montpellier until 1103, bringing with him a relic of Saint Cleopas.
When William returned, he found that the Aimoin brothers to whom he had confided the administration of the lordship in his absence had usurped many seigniorial rights and that he was obligated to recognise much of their newfound authority, which diminished his own, in order to retain his position.
William participated in the army of Raymond Berengar III of Barcelona which captured Majorca from the Moors in 1114. The rest of his reign was marked by the important acquisition of nearby territories, which greatly recouped his power: Montarnaud, Cournonsec, Montferrier, Frontignan, Aumelas, Montbazin, Popian.
By his marriage to Ermensenda, daughter of the Peter, Count of Mauguio, he had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="9765559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765559" title="São Carlos Airport">
São Carlos Airport

Mário Pereira Lopes State Airport is the airport serving São Carlos, Brazil.
It is operated by DAESP.
History.
The airport was built in the 1970s as a private aerodrome of a Brazilian tractor manufacturer. In 1995 the factory went bankrupt and, as a consequence, its administration was taken over by DAESP in 2001. DAESP renovated and modernized all facilities.
Also in 2001, TAM Airlines acquired the old tractor plant and after a complete renovation installed one of its maintenance centers on the site. Close to the maintenance center is located the TAM Museum, which houses a big collection of vintage aircraft.
In 2002, with the closure of the former São Carlos Airport , which was closer to town, the resident São Carlos Aero Club was transferred to Mário Pereira Lopes Airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown São Carlos.

</doc>
<doc id="9765561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765561" title="Master of Epic">
Master of Epic

Master of Epic is a Free Japanese MMORPG, but is still not released in outside of Japan. It was adapted into an Anime (Master of Epic: The Animation Age) by the Studio GONZO and aired on TV Tokyo in 2007. Unlike many MMORPGs, Master of Epic has dispatched with Levels and instead the player has an extensive list of skills, from strength to clubs to magics to business, that level up through use. Classes are not chosen. However, titles are earned when certain skills or combinations of skills reach high enough ranks. Some of its other distinguishing features include the presence of hunger and thirst which will inhibit your combat abilities when they run low, and flies gathering around you if your hair goes unwashed for too long.
Story.
Diaros, a land shrouded in mystery. Only legends exist about Diaros. Out of all of those, everyone knows the legend of the Noah Stone: any nation possessing the Noah Stone will flourish—rather, It's said to possess enormous power greater than that. Many Nations seeking the Noah Stone have dispatched countless soldiers, however, all of them have failed. 
Time passed, when suddenly a vision appeared to all throughout the world. She called herself Irmina. Irmina spoke to the world: "Soon you will all enter an age of darkness." Adventurers who were led by Irmina ended up on Diaros, where they came to know its past and future.
13 Million Years Ago. On Diaros, the High Civilization of the Mora Clan flourished due to the power of the Noah Stone. However, people seeking the Nor Stone began to persecute the Mora Clan. Due to this persecution, the Mora Clan was forced to relinquish control of the Noah Stone. 
Now, the Present Age. Presently there are 3 influencing forces present in Diaros: Elgadin, County of the Dragon Knights who esteem law and order; Bisque, Country where according to the Lal Fac Faith, various clans are given the freedom to regulate themselves; Sasool, Country where therianthropy plays a leading role. These countries vie for control of the Noah Stone that the Mora Clan relinquished.
10 years into the future. Due to the events, war has erupted. Evidently this is the Age of Darkness that Irmina predicted. This war is the result of secret maneuvering of the Mora Clan's Igo. In order to possess the power of the Noah Stone for himself, Igo executed several strategic plans. This has become the fate of the Future, The War Age.
3,000 years after the rule of Igo, The Future Age
The beginning of everything, 45 Million Years Ago, The Chaos Age
Passing From one age to another and back again, surmounting numerous battles, Will the adventurers be able to prevent the coming age of darkness?
Ages.
Present Age.
Players Start from this age first. With Queen Irmina of Bisque and guidance from the Mora clan's Enos, adventurers assemble in this age in order to change the future.
War Age.
10 years into the future. Bisque and Elgadin are engaged in war. One can choose for themselves which side to support in the war, and enjoy personal battles.(PVP)
Future Age.
3,000 years into the future. A cruel dungeon known as "Devil's Labyrinth" awaits players. There is a time restriction on how long you can challenge it with your party.
Chaos Age.
45 Million Years in the past. With Masses, you can challenge Enormous bosses. Open every Saturday and Sunday.
Races.
In Master of Epic there are many races for PCs, NPCs, etc. Below are described the 4 races that players are able to select from.
Newtar.
Holding unlimited potential, Newtar are similar to humans, but truly a different race. They can be found all across the world, and are known for continuing to look young. They were once great figures in history, but their origins elude us.
Cognite.
Cognite prefer not to intermingle with the other races, and enjoy Alchemy and Ancient History. It's been said that they draw the attention of corrupt shopkeepers with their good looks. The Cognite possess great passion and beautiful voices, fascinating many who watch them dance.
Elmony.
Officially known as Elcapmonia, they are commonly referred to as Elmony. They prefer quiet places like Forests and Rivers and are known to be a gentle and cheerful race. They seem to be hiding some supernatural abilities, but no one is certain.
Pandemos.
Contrary to their courageous appearance, they are tender hearted and prefer not to fight. However, occasionally, when their emotions explode, the demonstrate an unstoppable ferocity. Because of memories of the war between races long ago, they seem to be afraid of Elmony.
Others.
In addition to these, many other races exist: from the descendants of the ancients, the Mora Clan; the race of fish people who rule over the caverns of water, the Ixion Tribe; and other original clans to the well-known races like Humans, Ogres, Dwarfs, and Elves.
The Anime.
Master of Epic: The Animation Age is the official anime adaption of the game. Though many video and computer games are adapted into anime, Master of Epic is unique in that its series is a comedy/parody of the game. It features short sketch comedy vignettes featuring both recurring and one-shot characters, which poke fun at the game mechanics and the sometimes illogical rules of MMORPG's in general. Each sketch typically focuses on a specific skill, highlighting the game's unique skill system. The episodes begin with a brief host segment in which two characters explain a specific game element, (such as skills, death, or weapons) and this element tends to be a recurring theme in all the sketches for that episode, not unlike the setup on You Can't Do That on Television. The show has a number of characters who may take on several different roles in varying skits, often appearing as different characters, not unlike members of a comedy troupe. The episodes also contain numerous inside jokes for fans of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9765565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765565" title="Trumeau mirror">
Trumeau mirror

A trumeau mirror is a wall mirror originally manufactured in France in the 18th century. It takes its name from the French word "trumeau", which designates the space between windows. In England it is normally known as a 'pier glass'.
Trumeau mirrors were originally intended to hang on a wall between windows, providing a decorative element and bringing more light to the room. Most antique trumeau mirrors are highly ornate and often gilded.
The mirror is almost always rectangular and sometimes includes a decorative portion at the top, with the mirror below it. Those designed to be placed above a mantelpiece, rather than between windows, could have candles placed in front of the mirror to increase ambient light.
Reproductions of 18th-century trumeau mirrors became popular in the Regency period and in the 1950s, when French furniture was popular.
A genuine antique trumeau can cost between 2000 and 20,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9765585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765585" title="Love Police Records">
Love Police Records

Love Police Records is an independent record label based in Surry Hills, New South Wales. Originally started by Brian Taranto as a concept born from an ironic tshirt design, who was then joined by Andy Kent (You Am I). 
The motto for Love Police Records is: "stop talkin crap, record it, package it, put it out... someone will like it." 
Love Police Records are distributed by Reverberation in Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="9765586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765586" title="Robert Lee (basketball)">
Robert Lee (basketball)

Robert Lee was the head coach for the University of Louisiana at Lafayette men's basketball team from 2004-2010.
Coaching career.
Opelousas High School.
Lee joined the Ragin’ Cajuns basketball program during the summer of 1996 after serving four years as head coach at nearby Opelousas High School. Lee guided OHS to four consecutive 20-win seasons including a 29-5 mark in his year in 1995-96, which also included a berth in the state Class 4A quarterfinals. He was named the District 5-4A Coach of the Year for those efforts.
Lee also directed the Tigers to the state quarterfinals one year earlier in 1994-95 with a 29-8 record, when he was named St. Landry Parish’s Coach of the Year for the second straight year. The first of those honors came in the 1993-94 season when Opelousas High advanced to the Top 28 state tournament and compiled a 31-6 record.
He began his prep coaching career in 1992-93 at OHS where he guided the Tigers to the bi-district playoffs and a 20-10 record. He was named the Coach of the Year on the All-Acadiana team by the Lafayette Daily Advertiser that season, and the successes of the next three years gave him a career-prep record of 109-29 (.790) including four straight playoff appearances.
Before launching his coaching career at Opelousas High, Lee served for one year as a student assistant at Nicholls State in 1990-91 under head coach Ricky Broussard.
Louisiana–Lafayette.
Robert Lee was the assistant coach of the basketball team for many years before he received the opportunity to become the head coach. He was denied the head job twice before he was finally promoted when the head coach at the time (Glynn Cyprien) was fired for using fraudulent credentials in 2004.
During his tenure at Louisiana–Lafayette, Lee has been a part of a program which has advanced to the Sun Belt Tournament semifinals in six of the last seven seasons, won the Sun Belt Tournament in 2000, advanced to the NCAA Tournament once and the NIT twice, while claiming two Sun Belt West Division championships.
In working with the Louisiana–Lafayette backcourt, Lee helped guide two Cajun guards into career 1,000-point members and shaped Antoine Landry into a career year during his senior season. Lee worked with Blane Harmon and Brad Boyd, both of whom joined the 1,000-point club. In the 2003-04 season, Boyd became the Cajuns’ all-time leader in three-point field goals made.

</doc>
<doc id="9765600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765600" title="Hizen-Kashima Station">
Hizen-Kashima Station

Station layout.
Hizen-Kashima is an above ground station consisting of one island platform flanked by two tracks. It is a manned station that has a ticket window and checks tickets upon exiting. Around the time of the Kashima Gatalympics, a boat is on display, filled with mud. Small crabs and mudskippers live within this temporary environment.

</doc>
<doc id="9765610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765610" title="Thicket tinamou">
Thicket tinamou

The thicket tinamou or rufescent tinamou ("Crypturellus cinnamomeus") is a type of tinamou commonly found in moist forests in subtropical and tropical Central Mexico. Although the thicket tinamou is recognized by most authorities, the SACC still classifies this bird as a sub-species of "Crypturellus erythropus", red-legged tinamou.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
René-Primevère Lesson identified the thicket tinamou from a specimen from La Unión, El Salvador., in 1842.
Subspecies.
The thicket tinamou has many subspecies as follows:
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos (κρυπτός)" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Description.
The thicket tinamou is in length and weighs . Its upper parts are brown, heavily barred blackish on back, rump and wings. Its lowerparts pale brown, cinnamon on breast, greyer on belly and undertail whitish with dark barring. Its head brown with prominent buff supercilium and well-defined ear covert patch with bill brownish and legs red in color.
Behavior.
The species has a monotonous voice ‘whoo-oo’, sounding like a steam engine. The thicket tinamou can be found in pairs, families or as a solitary bird and, like most tinamous, it prefers to walk than fly.
Feeding.
Like most tinamous, it will eat fruit, seeds and invertebrates.
Reproduction.
Like most tinamous, it will place its nest on the ground alongside raised roots. It will contain around three eggs, but as many as seven, that are glossy and purple in color. This species and the slaty-breasted tinamou will produce hybrids.
Range.
This species ranges from Sinaloa, (coastal strip, western Mexico), to Costa Rica, and eastern coastal Mexico, from the United States border into Belize. In the southern part of its range it ventures into the highlands as well.
Habitat.
This species prefers moist lowland forest, gallery forest, deciduous forest, and secondary forest in subtropical and tropical regions, but will be found in shrubland and drier forests up to altitude.
Conservation.
The IUCN lists this bird as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9765614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765614" title="Ladron Peak">
Ladron Peak

Ladrón Peak is an isolated, highly visible peak in central New Mexico, lying about 50 mi (80 km) southwest of Albuquerque. Ladron Peak is the only major peak in the compact range (really one large massif) known as the Sierra Ladrones, which lies between the Rio Puerco to the east and the Rio Salado to the southwest.
Despite its conical shape and its proximity to lava flows and small volcanoes, it is not itself a volcano. The core of the mountain is Precambrian granite. The peak rises dramatically from its surroundings on all sides; the summit is almost above the Rio Grande Valley, to the east.
The name of the peak means "thief", and "Sierra Ladrones" means "thieves' mountains." Navajo and Apache raiding parties, and later Hispanic and Anglo rustlers, used the mountains as hideouts, hence the name. Evidence of human occupation goes back over 10,000 years, and more recent prehistoric use occurred by the Mogollon and Anasazi cultures. Today, part of the range is included in the Sevilleta National Wildlife Refuge, administered by the US Fish and Wildlife Service. The rest of the range is a mix of BLM and private land.
Ecologically, Ladrón Peak is a sky island, supporting vegetation and wildlife not found in the surrounding grasslands. It is high enough to have coniferous forests on its upper slopes. Animal species include mountain lion, bear, pronghorn, raptors, and reintroduced desert bighorn sheep.

</doc>
<doc id="9765618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765618" title="William I of Montpellier">
William I of Montpellier

William I (or in Occitan: Guilhem I) was the founder of the dynasty which bears his name: the Guilhems, Lords of Montpellier. He received his fief (a manor) of "Monspestularius" (Montpellier) on 26 November 986 from Bernard, Count of Mauguio, with the permission of Ricuin, Bishop of Maguelone.

</doc>
<doc id="9765654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765654" title="September 11th Fund">
September 11th Fund

The September 11th Fund was created by the New York Community Trust and the United Way of New York City in response to the destruction of the World Trade Center on 9/11/2001.
The Fund collected $534 million from more than two million donors and distributed a total of 559 grants totaling $528 million. Grants from the Fund provided cash assistance, counseling and other services to the families of those killed in the 9/11 attacks, the injured and those displaced from their homes or jobs. The Fund also provided grants to affected small businesses and community organizations.
NineEleven CaseManagement was selected by the Fund to administer all of the behavioral, mental health, and substance abuse benefits that the Fund determined the victims and families of the 9-11 attacks were entitled to.
In December 2004, the Fund completed its distribution of funds and closed its doors.
This is a separate fund from the similarly named September 11th Victim Compensation Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="9765666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765666" title="Ucuetis">
Ucuetis

Ucuetis is a Celtic god who, along with his consort Bergusia, was venerated at Alesia in Burgundy. The divine couple are named on inscriptions of the Romano-Celtic period, and an image of a divine couple has been found on the same site, the male figure bearing a hammer, the female appearing as a goddess of prosperity. This image, if it is indeed of the two deities, may indicate that Ucuetis was a patron god of craftsmen. This may be confirmed by the discovery of an epigraphic dedication to the couple, inscribed on a bronze vase and found in the cellar of a huge building: rubbish found in this underground room was made of entirely of scraps of bronze and iron and appears to have been part of the stock of metalsmiths. It is possible that this room was a sanctuary to the local crafts-deities of Alesia, and the superstructure itself may have a craft hall for metalworkers. 
One inscription was discovered on Mont Auxois, the location of ancient Alesia. Another inscription in gaulish language that was found close to a building that was probably a smithy carries the following text:
Translation:
Further reading.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997

</doc>
<doc id="9765687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765687" title="Chūgoku Mountains">
Chūgoku Mountains

The two tallest mountains in the group are Daisen and Mount Hyōno, which are and , respectively. Many other mountains in the ranger are also over , while some of the smaller mountains are less than . Granite is the most common stone found among the mountains, much of which has been exposed through erosion.
Geography.
Other than Daisen, most of the mountains run along the border of Tottori and Okayama prefectures and the border of Shimane and Hiroshima prefectures. The mountains form a drainage divide and natural barrier in western Japan between the San'in Region to the north and the San'yō Region to the south.
Rivers.
The Chūgoku Mountains are the source of several rivers in western Japan. All flow either north to the Japan Sea or south to the Inland Sea with the exception of the Gōnokawa River (), which runs along the mountain range in Hiroshima and Shimane prefectures.
The Sendai River (), the Tenjin River (), the Hino River (), and the Kando River () all run steeply from the Chūgoku Mountains to the Japan Sea. The Yoshii River (), the Asahi River (), and the Ōta River () form a broader alluvial plain to the south of the mountain range and empty in to the Inland Sea.
Economy.
The Chūgoku Mountains are a source of iron sand, and the region was home to some of the earliest production of ironware in Japan. The broad tablelands of the mountain region support cattle ranches, notably for the production of "wagyu" beef. The numerous rivers of the Chūgoku Mountains support an extensive network of rice production in western Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9765699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765699" title="Bergusia">
Bergusia

Bergusia is a Celtic goddess, consort of the god Ucuetis, and worshipped with him at Alesia in Burgundy. The divine couple are named on inscriptions of the Romano-Celtic period, and an image of a divine couple has been found on the same site, the male figure bearing a hammer, the female appearing as a goddess of prosperity. This image, if it is indeed of the two deities, may indicate that Ucuetis was a patron god of craftsmen. This may be confirmed by the discovery of an epigraphic dedication to the couple, inscribed on a bronze vase and found in the cellar of a huge building: rubbish found in this underground room was made of entirely of scraps of bronze and iron and appears to have been part of the stock of metalsmiths. It is possible that this room was a sanctuary to the local crafts-deities of Alesia, and the superstructure itself may have a craft hall for metalworkers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9765712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765712" title="Bryan Chapell">
Bryan Chapell

Bryan Chapell is the former Chancellor of Covenant Theological Seminary in St. Louis, Missouri, the denominational seminary of the Presbyterian Church in America. He previously served as President of Covenant from 1994-2012. In 2013 he accepted a position as the Senior Pastor of Grace Presbyterian Church (Peoria, Illinois).
Education.
Chapell has a Bachelor of Journalism from Northwestern University, a Master of Divinity from Covenant Theological Seminary, and a PhD in speech communication from Southern Illinois University Carbondale.
At Covenant.
Chapell began teaching at Covenant in 1985 after ten years in pastoral ministry. Before becoming President in 1994, he served for six years as Vice President for Academics and Dean of Faculty. In his capacity as President and now Chancellor, he teaches in the Ministry and Proclamation departments. His appointment as Chancellor became effective on 1 June 2012. On January 25, 2013 it was announced that Chapell would resign his position as Chancellor at Covenant Seminary effective April 15, 2013, and accept a call to serve as Senior Pastor of Grace Presbyterian Church (PCA) in Peoria, IL. Also effective April 15, the Covenant Seminary Board of Trustees bestowed the title of President Emeritus, and Interim President Mark Dalbey appointed Chapell to the position of Adjunct Professor of Practical Theology.
Speaker.
He is a speaker in churches and conferences around the country, preaching and lecturing on topics including grace, marriage, and journalism.
Writings.
Chapell's book "Christ-Centered Preaching" won "Book of the Year" from "Preaching Magazine" and has established him as one of the nation's most recognized teachers of homiletics. He has written several other books, including: 
He has also written many articles as well as lyrics to several hymns.
In November 2009, Chapell signed an ecumenical statement known as the "" calling on evangelicals, Catholics and Orthodox not to comply with rules and laws which they claim would compel institutional participation in, or blessing of, abortion, same-sex marriage, and other matters that go against their religious consciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9765724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765724" title="Flaminio Ponzio">
Flaminio Ponzio

Flaminio Ponzio (1560–1613) was an Italian architect during the late-Renaissance or so-called Mannerist period, serving in Rome as the architect for Pope Paul V.
Ponzio was born in Viggiù near Varese, and he died in Rome. After juvenile training in Milan, he moved to Rome, where he worked briefly with Domenico Fontana.

</doc>
<doc id="9765727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765727" title="WQPO">
WQPO

WQPO (100.7 FM) is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Harrisonburg, Virginia, serving the Central Shenandoah Valley. WQPO is owned and operated by M. Belmont Verstandig, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9765731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765731" title="10th U-boat Flotilla">
10th U-boat Flotilla

The 10th U-boat Flotilla (German "10. Unterseebootsflottille") was a German U-boat flotilla used for front-line combat purposes during World War II. Founded on 15 January 1942 at Lorient under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Günther Kuhnke, eighty U-boats operated with this flotilla before it was dissolved on 21 August 1944, and the remaining U-boats were moved to bases in Norway and Germany. Kuhnke himself took command of , the last U-boat to leave, on 27 August 1944 to sail to Flensburg where he assumed command of 33rd U-boat Flotilla.
U-boats assigned.
and and , two captured Dutch submarines that were operated by the Germans during the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9765756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765756" title="Rosshan Andrrews">
Rosshan Andrrews

Rosshan Andrrews is an Indian film director who has made films in Malayalam cinema.
Biography.
Rosshan Andrrews born to Moolakuzhi Nedumparampil Andrews & Beny is an Indian film director who has made films in Malayalam cinema.He did his schooling from St.Aloysious Thrissur & college from Cochin College,Eranakulam.
Personal life.
Roshan is married to Ancy and the couple is blessed with three children Anjelina, Ryan & Ana Bella. Ancy is the only sister of music director Mejo Joseph, who made his film debut in Rosshan Andrrews's "Notebook".
Career.
His first movie was the 2005 Malayalam movie "Udayananu Tharam" starring Mohanlal. After the success of this movie Rosshan Andrrews directed another movie in 2006 named Notebook. This movie had newcomers Skanda and Roma in the lead roles.
His next movie was the 2010 hit Evidam Swargamanu scripted by James Albert with Mohanlal in the lead role. Following this he directed Mohanlal-starrer Cassanova, a movie highly anticipated amongst Mohanlal fans which was released on 26 January 2012. The budget of the film was 210 million an expensive amount relative to the average budget for Malayalam movies.
Rosshan Andrrews won Kerala state films awards in 2006,2008 and 2010.
Recurring collaborators.
Rosshan Andrrews is noted for his particular association with certain actors or techinicans in his films.

</doc>
<doc id="9765763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765763" title="Vasio">
Vasio

Vasio is a Celtic god, of whom little is known. He was the god presiding over the Roman town of Vaison-la-Romaine in the lower Rhone valley 
References.
Dictionary of Celtic Myth and Legend. Miranda Green. Thames and Hudson Ltd. London. 1997
<3

</doc>
<doc id="9765766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765766" title="LABR">
LABR

LABR was the first high-profile fantasy sports experts league of its kind. Formed by John Hunt, the fantasy baseball columnist for USA Today Baseball Weekly, the league was first formed in 1994 and featured such celebrities as Peter Gammons, Keith Olbermann and Bill James.
LABR stands for "League of Alternative Baseball Reality" and was given that nickname and the pronunciation ("labor") by Olbermann as a play on words with the labor strife in baseball at that time. Hunt ran the league and published the results of the LABR league in the Baseball Weekly's (now USA Today Sports Weekly) fantasy baseball preview issue each March from 1994 through 2006. He opted not to return for the 2007 league and was replaced with in-house staff. The dollar values players were sold for in the fantasy league are used as a benchmark for readers in their own fantasy drafts.
The LABR has lost its early status as the premier experts' league, as in 1997 a rival fantasy baseball experts league, Tout Wars, was created by Ron Shandler, who was fed up with the lack of promotion USA Today gave the LABR league. 
The 2013 LABR Mixed league, AL-Only league and NL-Only league are online and can be viewed by the general public.
Scoring Rules.
LABR uses a Ranked, Rotisserie Based Scoring System of 5 batting categories and 5 pitching categories (5x5).
If there are N teams in the LABR, N points shall be awarded for first place in a category, N-1 for second place, down to 1 point for last place. In the event of a tie, the points will be split. Points will be aggregated over all ten scoring categories (see below). The team with the most points wins. 
Example: LABR has 15 teams. Team A has the most home runs, and is awarded 15 points in that category. Teams B and C are tied for second in home runs; they split the second and third place points, and each receive 13.5 points. If a team finished first in all 10 categories, it would receive a total of 15*10=150 points. If it finished last in all categories, it would receive 1*10=10 points. 
In the case of ties in total points, the final places in the standings are determined by comparing the placement of the teams in the individual categories. The team ahead in a category is given a point. This is done over all categories. The team with the most points is declared the winner. Should the teams still be tied after this process, then the final result shall be declared a tie. 
Batting Categories 
Pitching Categories
Each team will be required to attain a minimum of 950 innings pitched in order to qualify for placement in the pitching categories of; a) Ratio and b) Earned Run Average, and a minimum of 4,200 at-bats for placement in the batting average category. If these minimum innings or at-bats are not achieved the team will receive 1 point in these categories and every team that meets the minimum innings pitched or at-bats will be ranked in the standings with 15 points for 1st place and so on until all qualifying teams have received points.
Rosters.
Rosters shall consist of a lineup of 23 players and a bench of 6 reserve players.
A team's active roster consists of the following players: 5 outfielders, 2 catchers, 1 second baseman, 1 shortstop, 1 middle infielder (either second baseman or shortstop), 1 first baseman, 1 third baseman, 1 corner infielder (first or third baseman), one utility player who may be of any position and 9 pitchers (who may be either starters, relievers or both). 
There will also be six reserve players on each team's roster to be selected on draft day. Players who go onto the disabled list may also be reserved on a separate list. There is no limit to the number of disabled list players that can exist on a roster. 
Only members of the active roster generate statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="9765799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765799" title="O'Boyle Donegal">
O'Boyle Donegal

The O'Boyle (O Baoighill) were a family of the Uí Néill tribe of the Northern Gaels.
The Northern O'Neill were a great tribal dynasty of the North Gaels. The O'Boyles were one of the principal families of the Cineal Conaill within the Uí Néill tribe and originally Chiefs of the Three Tuaths in the Northwest of Dun-na-nGall (County Donegal). When these lands passed to The MacSweeneys (Mac Suibhne), the O'Boyle became chiefs of Tir-Ainmhireach, later to be known as Crioch Bhaoighellach, or O'Boyles country, now the Barony of Boylagh.
This timeline traces the O'Boyle clan back to Ugainy Mor. 

</doc>
<doc id="9765824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765824" title="Palazzo Borghese">
Palazzo Borghese

Palazzo Borghese is a palace in Rome, Italy, the main seat of the Borghese family in. It was nicknamed "il Cembalo" ("the harpsichord") due to its unusual trapezoidal groundplan; its narrowest facade faces the River Tiber. The entrance at the opposite end of the building, the "keyboard" of the cembalo, faces onto the Fontanella di Borghese, with another in a great flanking facade to the Piazza Borghese that is extended by a slightly angled facade leading down Via Borghese towards the river. Both these entrances lead into a large courtyard on one side of which is a two level open arcade, with paired Doric and Ionic columns, that frames the garden beyond.
History.
The architectural historian Howard Hibbard has demonstrated that the nine-bay section of the palace on Piazza Fontanella Borghese was begun in 1560/61 for Monsignor Tommaso del Giglio, whose coat of arms or "stemma" remain over the door in Piazza Borghese, and he suggests that the architect was Vignola, an attribution accepted by Anthony Blunt, considered conclusive by James S. Ackerman and followed by other scholars since, with more or less reduced interventions by Longhi. Before Tomasso del Giglio died in 1578, the façade and the unique but undocumented double-columned two-storey arcade of the courtyard had been established, a conceptual scheme of Vignola's, Hibbard suggested, but which was carried out in 1575-78 by Martino Longhi the Elder. Longhi was retained by Pedro Cardinal Deza, who bought the property in 1587, but seems to have done little more than continue the great courtyard. 
Cardinal Camillo Borghese purchased the structure in 1604 and acquired further adjacent properties towards the river. When the Cardinal became Pope Paul V in 1605, he gave the palace to his brothers but continued to commission the work, which was carried forward vigorously, at first by Flaminio Ponzio, and completed after Ponzio's death in 1613 by Carlo Maderno and Giovanni Vasanzio. Ponzio extended the square courtyard from five to seven bays, and the oval stair between the courtyard and a garden that stretched as far as the Ripetta. He also constructed the secondary facade onto the Piazza Borghese and down towards the Tiber, with balconies above the rusticated entrance on the Via di Ripetta. 
On the death of his uncle, Cardinal Scipione Borghese took up residence and undertook changing the garden to a loggia and hanging garden. 
In 1671-76 Carlo Rainaldi added new features for Prince Giovan Battista Borghese; the most extensive changes were made on the newly raised ground floor of the long wing extending towards the Tiber, ending with river views, which the Borghese found the most congenial dwelling spaces: Rainaldi added the columnar loggia to Ponzi's end facade ("illustration, right"), and on the interior a richly stuccoed oval chapel, and the narrow barrel-vaulted "galleria", the highly-charged Cortonesque decorative details of which were designed by Giovan Francesco Grimaldi (1606-1680).
The Porto di Ripetta, the port of Rome, was along the river bank of the Via di Ripetta. From 1707, the Tiber side of Palazzo Borghese would have overlooked the scenographic steps of the Porto di Ripetta designed by Alessandro Specchi. The port was destroyed in the 19th century with the development of Lungotevere.
Overview.
The main façades have three stories with two mezzanines inserted between them and the two majestic portals are flanked by columns and a balcony. Through the portal on the Piazza Fontanella Borghese, a view across the courtyard is centred on one of the wall fountains in the garden beyond. 
The edifice has a magnificent inner courtyard, surrounded by ninety six granite columns and decorated with statues, and a nympheum and other features, as well as an enclosed garden with three niche wall-fountains built to designs by Johann Paul Schor and finished by Rainaldi for Prince Giovan Battista Borghese in 1673. The court has been described as "one of the most spectacular existing, not only in Rome".
The façade towards the Piazza Fontanella Borghese faces another Borghese palace, rebuilt in the 16th century by Scipio Borghese to house the lesser members of the family, the stables and the servants.
Palazzo Borghese was the original seat of the family's art collection, with works by Raphael, Titian and many others, transferred in 1891 to the Galleria Borghese in Villa Borghese.
The balcony scene in the 1968 film "Romeo and Juliet" was filmed here.
Notes.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9765835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765835" title="Kinship analysis">
Kinship analysis

Kinship analysis is any analysis that deals with kinship. Such analyses are used in many different disciplines of research, where analysis is conducted in different ways. 

</doc>
<doc id="9765846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765846" title="Smoke exhaust ductwork">
Smoke exhaust ductwork

Smoke Exhaust Ductwork is typically protected via passive fire protection, subject to fire testing and listing and approval use and compliance. It is used to remove smoke from buildings, ships or offshore structures to enable emergency evacuation as well as improved firefighting.
Means of construction.
Similar to pressurisation ductwork, smoke exhaust can be built using:
The primary difference between pressurization and smoke exhaust ducting is that one pressurizes an area, while the other reduces the pressure through exhausting smoke.
Some smoke exhaust ductwork requires no fireproofing if the smoke is not expected to be at elevated temperature.
Markets.
Smoke exhaust ducting systems for land-based use are found in most industrialized nations. In North America, the primary purpose is to comply with building codes. Grease ducting is closely related and highly regulated in North America as well; its main purpose is exhaust of grease-laden vapours from commercial cooking operations, as opposed to smoke exhaust from accidental building fires.
Requirements.
Full scale fire testing must include 3-dimensional exposures to ductwork as well as the firestop system. Installations must meet the listing.
Trade Jurisdiction.
In the case of exterior treatments on top of ordinary ductwork, as well as ducting made of fireproofing boards, the most suitable and most often used trade is the insulation trade. In the case of proprietary systems with inherent ratings, the sheet metal trade is responsible for the work.
Photos.
Rad- und Schwimmsporthalle Berlin, Smoke Exhaust Ductwork made of calcium silicate and plaster fireproofing boards

</doc>
<doc id="9765848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765848" title="The Oriental Hotel">
The Oriental Hotel

The Oriental Hotel, also known as "The Ori", is a pub in Springwood, a suburb of the Blue Mountains, west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Originally, the hotel was known as The Springwood Hotel, and was built in 1876 by Frank Raymond. The existing Oriental Hotel was opened in 1891. The current building is Heritage Listed.
Today.
The pub still operates today, and now also includes a cafe, The Ori Café.
No bands are allowed to perform in the pub, in sympathy with nearby residents.

</doc>
<doc id="9765867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765867" title="Shastina">
Shastina

Shastina is the highest satellite cone of Mount Shasta, and one of four overlapping volcanic cones which together form the most voluminous stratovolcano in the Cascade Range. At , Shastina is taller than Mount Adams and would rank as the third highest volcano in the Cascades behind Mount Rainier and Shasta were it not nestled on the western flank of its higher neighbor. Shastina has a topographic prominence of over above the saddle connecting it with Shasta and easily exceeds the typical mountaineering standard of for a peak to qualify as an independent summit, yet most lists of Cascade volcanoes omit it nonetheless. The name "Shastina" is a diminutive of Shasta.
Geological features.
Shastina has the general form of a smooth-sided cone truncated by a one half-mile (0.8 km) diameter summit crater, but with several geological features which make it unique among other volcanoes in the Cascade Volcanic Arc. The most prominent feature when seen from lowland viewpoints is Diller Canyon, a large cleft carved into the western flank by pyroclastic flows and since expanded by erosion. It extends from the crater rim near down for over 7,000 vertical feet (2,100 m) towards the town of Weed in the valley below, and is by far the largest such feature found on any of the Cascade volcanoes. Unseen except by mountaineers and fliers are the three small crater lakes nestled among the cones and ridges of the summit crater, which rarely melt free of snow until late summer. Clarence King Lake at occupies the center of the crater, while Sisson Lake lies at on the eastern side. Highest of all is an unnamed lake at over on the south side of the cinder cone which forms Shastina's true summit. These lakes are the highest subaerial lakes in the entire Cascade Range, exceeded only by the subglacial lake beneath the ice of Mount Rainier's summit crater.
Climbing and skiing.
Shastina is most commonly and easily climbed via the Cascade Gulch route, which ascends from Hidden Valley diagonally up to the Shasta-Shastina saddle, and then continuing up the eastern flank of Shastina's cone to its summit. For most mountaineers, it represents only a quick side trip on the way back from the main objective of climbing Shasta. But for ski mountaineers, Shastina represents an attractive objective of its own quite separate from the main peak of Shasta, since it provides several exceptional ski descents including Diller Canyon, the North Face, and the South Face.

</doc>
<doc id="9765870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765870" title="Jantzen Beach SuperCenter">
Jantzen Beach SuperCenter

Jantzen Beach SuperCenter is a shopping mall located in Portland, Oregon on Hayden Island in the Columbia River. Opened in 1972 as Jantzen Beach Mall, it was largely torn down in 1995 for big box development. The remaining enclosed portion included Ross Dress for Less, Burlington Coat Factory and Target as its anchor stores until April 2012. A new one-story Target store was constructed on the property over the site of a former Barnes & Noble Bookstore and restaurant, to open in September 2012. The Ross Dress For Less was relocated to an alternate space on the property and the internal entrance to Burlington Coat Factory was walled off. Any remaining tenants have left the mall and the food court closed. The carousel is in storage until being relocated to a to be announced location.
History.
Jantzen Beach Mall opened September 28, 1972, on the site of the former Jantzen Beach Amusement Park which operated from 1928 to 1970. The C. W. Parker merry-go-round (carousel) is the only surviving ride from the amusement park and is now located inside the mall by the food court. One of the mall's early anchor stores, a Liberty House which was that chain's first store in the Portland area, opened in November 1973. It later operated as Frederick & Nelson from 1979 until 1984, The Crescent until 1988 and Lamonts from then until 1994.
In 1995, MBK Northwest acquired Jantzen Beach Center for about $18 million. About two-thirds of the mall was demolished in 1995 and 1996 including the former Lamonts wing, a cinema and around 150 small stores to make room for big box development which includes The Home Depot, Barnes & Noble and Toys "R" Us. The east wing of the mall was left intact with three anchor stores and a newly created food court. These renovations cost $38 million and expanded the center to as well giving it the name of Jantzen Beach SuperCenter. 
In December 1996, MBK Northwest sold the center for $76 million to a Michigan-based pension fund that Compass Retail, Inc. advised on the sale. The mall features approximately 30 tenants, including three anchor stores: Burlington Coat Factory, Ross Dress for Less and Target. The Target building was previously occupied by Montgomery Ward until 2001, and the Burlington Coat Factory store was originally a Kmart which closed in 2003. 
The mall's owners announced further renovation plans in July 2010. Preliminary redevelopment plans would include the demolition of the remaining enclosed portion, as well as the area around the existing Barnes & Noble store. On August 23, 2011, Barnes & Noble and Starbucks both announced that they would be shuttering their stores for good by September 2, 2011. The owners of the Jantzen Beach SuperCenter, Jantzen Dynamic Corporation, also announced that a free-standing Target will be going in at the former Barnes & Noble site, and that the current Target store and adjacent wing of the mall would be permanently demolished. In April 2012, center managers Edens & Avant Realty Inc. announced $50 million in renovations that would begin that month and finish by the middle of 2013. The renovations were to include restoration of the carousel, and the name by that point had changed to Jantzen Beach Center. The new Target store opened in October 2012.
List of tenants.
Anchor tenants:
Other stores:

</doc>
<doc id="9765871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765871" title="Escola Maria Imaculada (Chapel School)">
Escola Maria Imaculada (Chapel School)

Escola Maria Imaculada, also known as Chapel School, is an accredited American school located in São Paulo, Brazil, since 1947. It possesses the IB Diploma Programme. It has a pre-school, an elementary school, and a high school.
Escola Maria Imaculada is a Catholic international school with an American emphasis. It is “value-centered” in its commitment to the ideal of Christian education as envisioned by the Catholic Church.
The school is “international” in the make-up of its student body and in its curriculum, which is geared to prepare students for universities in many countries.
Activities.
Athletics.
Chapel School students have the opportunity to participate in several interscholastic competitions.
Currently a member of the São Paulo High School League, which involves other English-speaking schools in the State of São Paulo, Chapel participates in Big 8, Big 4, Little 8, and Little 6 tournaments. A variety of competitive sports are available to students: basketball (boys and girls), cheerleading (girls), indoor soccer / futsal (boys and girls), soccer (boys and girls) and softball (boys and girls). All sports are offered on both Junior Varsity and Varsity levels.
Community.
Chapel, founded in 1947, is a private day school located in a residential suburb of São Paulo, the largest city in South America, with a metropolitan
population of approximately 19 million. The majority of students are from international business and high socio-economic professional families.
Approximately 12% of the students are American, 59% are Brazilian, and the remaining 29% represent 23 other nationalities. Teachers are recruited
from Brazil, Canada, and the United States. Chapel is a Catholic American elementary and secondary school administered by layman under the
mandate issued by the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate. Chapel’s pre-school, elementary and high school are housed on a single campus with
an enrollment of 650 students.
Faculty.
Chapel High School faculty consists of a superintendent, principal, Brazilian program director, guidance director, curriculum coordinator, I.B.
coordinator, librarian, athletic director, school chaplain, discipliner, 33 teachers, and 3 assistants. The teacher/student ratio is 1:8. Of the high school teachers, 43%
have advanced degrees.
High School Organization.
There are five periods per day on a two day schedule. Each day consists of two blocks of 100 minutes and three classes of 50 minutes.
The academic year consists of two semesters and four grading quarters. Chapel follows the northern hemisphere school calendar.
Curriculum.
Chapel School has three comprehensive programs that lead to American, Brazilian and International Baccalaureate diplomas. International Baccalaureate
(I.B.) courses are offered in English, mathematics, science, social studies, religion, modern languages and art. Academic courses in grades 9-10 are college
preparatory. Juniors and seniors follow the I.B. curriculum.

</doc>
<doc id="9765876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765876" title="Derek Wilson">
Derek Wilson

Derek John Wilson (born 1922) is a New Zealand architect. He was active in Wellington. He is also known as an environmentalist, and has published several works.
Architectural practice.
Wilson then left New Zealand and worked in London for Ramsey, Murray, White and Ward (the firm of two New Zealand ex-pats Keith Murray and Basil Ward), as well as for Sir Hugh Casson and the London County Council. After returning to New Zealand he join forces with William Toomath to set up Toomath and Wilson. Toomath and Wilson were later joined by Don Irvine and Grahame Anderson in 1972, forming the firm Toomath Wilson Irvine Anderson Ltd.
Wilson's design for the Calvert House, Stokes Valley, was awarded an NZIA Bronze medal. His Maunsell Beach house, the Wilson house and his Marine Research Facilities, Greta Point (now NIWA) (1980) are also well known as important works in Wellington's architectural history.
He was a member of the Wellington Architectural Centre, including a President (1963) and a Committee Member (1961–62, 1964).
A recent book, "4 Architects", celebrates Wellington architecture and includes several of Wilson's designs.
Environmental and peace advocacy.
Wilson is also an active advocate for environmental and anti-nuclear issues, and has published on both topics.
References.
"Calvert house, Stokes Valley, Bronze Medal" "NZIAJ" (November 1969) v. 36, n.11, pp. 334–337.
"Calvert house, Stokes Valley, Merit Award" "NZIAJ" (May 1969), v. 36. n. 5, p. 151.
Clark, Justine and Paul Walker "Looking for the Local" (Wellington: Victoria University Press, 2000) pp. 37, 65, 71, 182-183.
Murphy, Lyn "Book recalls old Golden Mile" "Evening Post" (4 July 1989) p. 3.
"Overcoming violence in Aotearoa New Zealand: a contribution to the World Council of Churches Decade to Overcome Violence 2001-2010" (Wellington, N.Z.: Philip Garside Pub., c2002)
Packer, Ann "The test of time" "Dominion Post" (25 Jan 2003) § F, p. 16.
Wilson, Derek "A cry from the heart: people-centred sustainable development versus the unsustainable growth paradigm" (Wellington, N.Z.: Pacific Institute of Resource Management, c1994)
Wilson, Derek "Five holocausts" (Wellington, N.Z.: Steele Roberts, c2001)
Wilson, Derek "Neither confirm nor deny: an examination of the policy of neither confirming nor denying the presence of nuclear weapons on any military station, ship, vehicle or aircraft, or whether any ship is nuclear powered" (Wellington, N.Z.: Pacific Institute of Resource Management, 1991)
External links.
"Derek J Wilson" http://www.derekjwilson.co.nz/
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9765894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765894" title="Westmoreland County coal strike of 1910–11">
Westmoreland County coal strike of 1910–11

The Westmoreland County Coal Strike of 1910–1911, or the Westmoreland Coal Miners' Strike, was a strike by coal miners represented by the United Mine Workers of America. The strike is also known as the Slovak Strike because about 70 percent of the miners were Slovak immigrants. It began in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, on March 9, 1910, and ended on July 1, 1911. At its height, the strike encompassed 65 mines and 15,000 coal miners. Sixteen people were killed during the strike, nearly all of them striking miners or members of their families.
The strike ended in defeat for the union.
Background.
The Irwin Gas Coal Basin is an area in Westmoreland and Venango Counties, Pennsylvania. It encompasses the townships of North Huntingdon, Penn, Sewickley, Salem, South Huntingdon, Hempfield and Irwin, and the boroughs of Murrysville, Export and Delmont. The coal mined in the district was unsuitable for use as coke. However, it was ideal for gasification and conversion into coal gas.
Seven companies dominated coal mining in the Irwin Basin in 1910. In 1854, the Westmoreland Coal Company was formed to begin mining coal in the region. In 1905, it bought a controlling interest in Penn Gas Coal, a company established in 1861 to gasify coal. Penn Gas Coal, in turn, had obtained a one-third ownership in the Manor Gas Coal Company. Through these purchases, Westmoreland Coal had a near-monopoly on the gas coal market, and was the largest bituminous coal company in the Pennsylvania. In 1892, Robert Jamison and his sons founded the Jamison Coal and Coke Company (originally the Jamison Coal Company). In 1886, the Berwind family and Judge Allison White founded the Berwind-White Coal Mining Co. In 1902, a number of smaller coal gas companies in and around Greensburg, Pennsylvania, merged to form the Keystone Coal and Coke Company. In 1905, Latrobe-Connellsville Coal and Coke Company was formed when Marcus W. Saxman merged three of his wholly owned or controlled coal companies.
These companies were very paternalistic. Company towns (colloquially referred to as "coal patches") were established, company stores founded and workers often paid in company scrip.
Origins of the strike.
Coal miners increasingly agitated for improved wages and working conditions after 1900. Miners demanded an eight-hour day and wages equal to those paid in the nearby Pittsburgh Coal Basin. Since miners were paid by the ton, workers also wanted to standardize the size of coal wagons to ensure they were paid fairly. Miners also sought to be paid for mining "slack" (very fine coal), and for "dead work" (laying of track, shoring up tunnels, pumping out water, and removing slate and clay).
Westmoreland Coal, Penn Gas Coal and Keystone Coal and Coke strongly resisted the miners' demands and any attempt at unionization. Companies used the Coal and Iron Police to physically intimidate and sometimes beat pro-union miners, workers were fired, and coal companies evicted families from the "coal patches" whenever miners struck.
The situation came to a head in 1910. The coal companies reduced wages by 16 percent, paying only 58 cents per ton-and-a-half of coal mined. The breaking point came when Keystone Coal and Coke announced that miners would have to begin using new safety lights and new forms of explosives—and pay for these items themselves.
The strike.
Miners' unions had tried to organize Westmoreland County coal mines since 1883, but had little success. In February 1910, however, the lower wage rates and new expenses led miners at Keystone Coal and Coke to meet and discuss their grievances among themselves. The miners decided to invite the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) to form a union.
On March 7, 1910, Van Bittner, a UMWA vice president, arrived in Westmoreland County and formed a local union. Four hundred miners signed up and paid dues. Keystone Coke and Coal immediately fired 100 miners for attending the union organizing meeting. The Keystone miners walked off the job, and the strike swiftly spread throughout the Irwin Basin.
Union recognition became the biggest issue in the strike. The workers felt that if they could win recognition of the union, their other demands would come easily.
When the miners struck on March 9, the coal companies evicted thousands of families from their company-owned homes. UMWA spent $25,000 purchasing tents and constructing shanties, and set up 25 tent cities to accommodate the homeless. Near the town of Export, more than 100 tents went up, making it the largest tent city during the strike.
Ethnic tension threatened to divide the nascent union. Slovakians comprised 70 percent of the striking miners, but the strike committee was led by native-born miners of English, German and Irish descent. UMWA organizers Bittner and Frank Hayes worked hard to overcome these divisions, however. Multi-lingual organizers were employed, each ethnic group elected its own representatives, and parades and rallies featured musicians and speakers from all groups.
Public backing for the strike was high. Westmoreland County had a long history of support for unions. Local religious leaders signed petitions in favor of the union, testified before the United States Congress on behalf of workers, and called on the governor and state legislature to force the coal companies to submit to arbitration.
UMWA support for the strike, however, was not nearly as strong. International union president Thomas Lewis had not condoned the strike, and criticized efforts by leaders in surrounding UMWA Districts to drum up increased support for the strikers. But in March 1910, a special meeting of the UMWA international executive board voted to support the strike, forcing Lewis to grudgingly offer the union's resources. Eventually, the union gave more than $1 million in relief payments to the strikers. Lewis, however, continued to work to undermine the union's support for the strike. He backed an insurgent faction in District 6 to unseat leaders who supported the strike. The act led to internecine warfare in the union and charges that Lewis and his candidates were in league with mine owners.
Strikebreakers.
To end the strike and break the union, the coal companies began importing thousands of Eastern European immigrants to work the mines. Coal company representatives on the East Coast promised immigrants a job and housing, and paid for them and their families to come to move to Pennsylvania. The flow of strikebreakers was small at first, but by the fall it was nearly a flood. The number of new immigrant workers was so large that the Penn Gas Coal company constructed 30 two-story houses in Hahntown to house its replacement workers, leading local residents to refer to the area as "Scab Hill."
Management often took advantage of the strikebreakers, however. Company recruiters were ordered not to tell potential workers that they would be employed as strikebreakers. The coal companies sought out recent immigrants who did not speak English (or who spoke or understood it poorly), and then used this handicap against the strikebreakers. If workers tried to quit, the Coal and Iron Police prevented them from leaving and told them that they had to work off the cost of their transportation before resigning. When strikebreakers still tried to leave, the police beat them and forced them back to work. In some cases, fences were built around strikebreaker housing to intimidate the workers into staying. The abuse of strikebreakers was so severe that the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Labor held hearings on whether the coal companies had illegally forced people into peonage.
Labor injunctions and other legal actions.
Employers also turned to the courts for assistance. In April 1910, Keystone Coal and Coke sought a restraining order to prevent striking miners from approaching company property on the grounds that the number of strikers and the loud noises they made intimidated company employees. Although the local sheriff testified that the strikers had committed no acts of violence, the state district court issued a sweeping injunction which essentially barred the union from use of public roads:
The vague terms of the injunction led law enforcement officials to arrest miners as much as a half mile from Keystone grounds. Other coal companies quickly asked for similar injunctions which "made marching, assembling or traversing public roads illegal."
The coal companies moved aggressively to exploit the law in other ways as well. The Coal and Iron Police patrolled company property and denied admittance to union members and supporters. Union members were often arrested for using public roads which traversed company property. Small towns and villages, often encircled by coal company land, became isolated and embattled. In Herminie, all citizens were required to obtain a pass from the local mine manager before leaving the village. Union members were denied the use of post offices or the ability to enter local courthouses, because these facilities were often on coal company property. Nearly 1,000 miners were ultimately arrested for trespass or disorderly conduct. Simply walking home in a group from a union meeting on a public highway could earn a contempt citation and a $50 fine.
In 1911, seven coal companies in Westmoreland County and Allegheny County sued the leaders of the strike. The coal companies claimed they had suffered economic losses as high as $500,000 due to the strike and strike-related property damage. Twenty-eight officers in nearby District 5 and 17 strike leaders in Westmoreland County were arrested on charges of conspiracy, intimidation, violence and general lawlessness. Local labor unions helped the 45 men post bond of $300 each, and instituted a special per capita assessment to form a legal defense fund. But the public outcry was so extraordinary that the coal companies dropped the suits.
Use of security personnel.
Employers also used force to intimidate striking miners. At their disposal were the Coal and Iron Police, local law enforcement personnel, and the Pennsylvania State Police.
Despite this, sheriff's deputies instigated and participated in three particularly violent and deadly incidents:
Problems with the deputies were so severe that in November 1910 the Westmoreland County sheriff stopped securing them for the coal companies. The companies responded by seeking deputies from local police forces instead.
In January 1911, the Westmoreland County sheriff began deputizing striking miners as deputy sheriffs (although they served without pay). In May 1911, four sheriff's deputies were cited for contempt of court for venturing too close to coal company property. The sheriff said that the men had done so in their official capacity as deputies, but the local court fined them anyway. The Westmoreland County sheriff became so frustrated with the injunction that he refused to permit his deputies to patrol marches on public highways.
The Pennsylvania State Police (PSP) proved to be the most violent group during the strike. The PSP had been founded in 1905 to discourage the use of private police forces in workers' strikes and to provide law enforcement when local police or sheriffs were unable or unwilling to enforce the law. But rather than enforce the law, the PSP proved the group most willing to break it. One trooper described how the State Police dealt with strikers: "We ride in, scoop them up and beat hell out of them."
The number of unprovoked violent acts committed by the PSP was extremely high and frequent. James Maurer, a socialist member of the Pennsylvania General Assembly from Reading, conducted a survey asking for information on State Police actions during the strike. Maurer's survey found that violence significantly increased after the arrival of the State Police, and that almost all acts of violence were committed by state troopers without provocation. Mauer was so outraged by the results of his survey that he introduced a bill to abolish the state police. Hundreds of citizens later testified before state and federal commissions that mounted State Police routinely charged onto town sidewalks or into crowds, trampling and severely injuring men, women and children (whether strikers or not). Severe beatings with fists and clubs were common, with troopers breaking into and ransacking homes without warrants, beating citizens and striking miners alike. Local police officials claimed State Police routinely beat people on the street for no reason, and resisted local police attempts to stop them. State Police troopers shot up towns "in true Western style", and fired indiscriminately into crowds or into tent cities (killing and wounding sleeping women and children). Sexual assault (including rape) was disturbingly common, and at least one hotel manager accused troopers of promoting prostitution.
State Police were also involved in a number of serious violent incidents, several of which resulted in the deaths of unarmed strikers:
During the strike, six striking miners, nine wives of striking miners, and one bystander were killed, and thousands of strikers and members of their families severely beaten or wounded.
End of the strike.
By mid-1911, the strike had taken its toll on the coal companies. At least $500,000 had been spent on security, and coal production had dropped by 45 percent. The larger companies, however, used their financial reserves and income from non-mining operations (such as rental properties, company stores and even breweries) to withstand the economic pressure exerted by the miners. But all companies benefited from a significant slump in the demand for coal in 1910 and 1911, which leveled the playing field vis-a-vis their competitors.
But the miners were worse off than the employers. The winter of 1910–11 was particularly cold, and the miners and their families suffered tremendously. The union built numerous shacks and shanties, and moved miners' families out of tents and into the shacks for better protection from the elements. But not enough shelter could be erected, and 400 families spent the entire winter in tents. Hunger and disease were also beginning to become widespread among strikers' families.
In early 1911, the UMWA's support for the strikers appeared strong. In January 1911, Lewis lost the presidency of UMWA to John P. White. White fully backed the strike, and the UMWA convention reaffirmed the union's support for the miners.
But just six months later, the UMWA called a halt to the strike. The union had disbursed more than $1 million in strike relief funds, but it was no longer financially able to keep the strike going. On July 1, 1911, the UMWA executive board voted to end to the strike. Although most miners returned to work, about 400 were blacklisted and forced to seek employment outside Pennsylvania.
Women's Resistance.
The Westmoreland County Coal Strike was the setting for one of the more colorful incidents in the life of Mary Harris Jones, better known as "Mother Jones". Even though she was 73 years of age, Mother Jones agreed to travel to Westmoreland County to support the United Mine Workers in their strike.
Singing women.
A number of miners' wives had been arrested in the summer of 1910 for harassing strikebreakers and company security personnel.
Jones encouraged the women to bring their babies and small children with them when they were sentenced by the court in Greensburg. The presiding judge sentenced the women to pay a $30 fine or serve 30 days in jail. Unable to pay, the women were jailed. As there was no one else to care for the children, the judge was forced to jail the children along with their mothers.
While the women were being processed for imprisonment, Jones instructed them: "You sing the whole night long. You can spell one another if you get tired and hoarse. Sleep all day and sing all night and don't stop for anyone. Say you're singing to the babies. I will bring the little ones milk and fruit. Just you all sing and sing."
Unfortunately, the jail was next door to the sheriff's home, as well as several hotels, lodging houses, and other homes. The sound of women singing all through the night kept most of the townspeople awake. After five days of sleeplessness, the townspeople angrily demanded that the judge order the women's release. He did so.
The incident has become known as "the women who sang their way out of jail."

</doc>
<doc id="9765895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765895" title="Philadelphia Athletics (1890–91)">
Philadelphia Athletics (1890–91)

The Philadelphia Athletics were a short-lived Major League Baseball franchise that existed for two seasons from to . Known alternatively as the Philadelphia Quakers, and sometimes informally as "Buffinton's Beauties", they played their first season in the newly created Players' League (PL) of , and were managed by Jim Fogarty and Charlie Buffinton. After the demise of the PL following the 1890 season, the team switched to the American Association (AA) for the 1891 season, and were managed by Bill Sharsig and George Wood. For each season, the franchise used Forepaugh Park as their home field.
Before the 1890 season, the PL was founded by the first organized professional sports union, the The Brotherhood of Professional Base Ball Players, in an attempt to compete with the existing major leagues, the National League (NL) and the AA. Their intent was to break free from the standard business practices of the two leagues that they claimed stifled players' salaries; such as the reserve clause, and the Brush Classification System, as well as their ability to sell players to another team without the consent of the player. The Quakers were controlled by a group of investors, which included brothers G. W. and J. Earl Wagner.
Under the pressure of PL investors, who were seeking recoupment of massive financial losses following the 1890 season, pressured the Brotherhood to compromise with the NL and AA. The deal called for the dissolution of the league, while allowing the players to return to their old teams without penalty, with the reserve clause and the selling of players, without their consent, outlawed. The Quakers were allowed entrance into the AA for 1891 season and claimed the nickname of the team they were replacing, the Philadelphia Athletics, who had been expelled for violating the league constitution.
Although many players departed for new teams for the 1891 season, including Buffinton, Shindle, and Mike Griffin, they were able to sign suitable replacements, such as Gus Weyhing, Elton Chamberlain, and Pop Corkhill. The team completed the season with a 73–66 win-loss record, with four ties, placing them fifth among nine teams. Following the 1891 season, the AA could no longer operate due to great financial losses, and were forced to fold, with four teams being consolidated with the NL, and the others accepting buyouts. The Athletics fell into the latter group, and ceased operations. Pitcher Bert Cunningham set a dubious record when he threw five wild pitches in one inning on Sept. 15, 1890, a record that would go unmatched for 110 years until Rick Ankiel tied it in a playoff game.

</doc>
<doc id="9765899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765899" title="Ed Kowalchuk">
Ed Kowalchuk

Ed Kowalchuk (August 21, 1926—June 4, 2003) was an administrator and elected official in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He was president of the Manitoba Teachers Society, and chaired the Winnipeg School Board on two separate occasions.
Early life and political career.
Kowalchuk grew up in Sandy Lake, Manitoba, attended Normal School in Winnipeg, and spent one year in the military at the end of World War II. He began his teaching career in 1946, and later received Bachelor of Education degrees from the University of Manitoba.
He campaigned for a seat on the Winnipeg City Council in 1974 and 1977, but was defeated both times. He was elected as a trustee on the Winnipeg School Division No. 1 in 1983 and served until 1995, when he chose not to seek re-election. 
A man named "Ed Kowalchuk" sought the provincial New Democratic Party nomination for Burrows in the buildup to the 1988 provincial election, losing to Doug Martindale. It is not clear if this was the same person.
Views.
Kowalchuk supported the creation of aboriginal schools in Winnipeg, as a means of promoting native self-improvement. He supported a zero-tolerance policy against violence, and opposed budget cuts that reduced the number of counsellors and special-needs educators.
He also opposed the elimination of religious activities within the school system in 1991, saying "I have a big problem banning all religious activity. They tried that in Russia 70 years ago and it didn't work". He believed that it would be unfair to force students or staff to participate in religious exercises, but argued that the school system should allow "an opportunity for religious expression by various groups". He was ultimately unsuccessful in this battle.
In 1994, Kowalchuk and other trustees defeated a motion which called for students to be taught lessons in tolerance toward people of different sexual orientation. He described homosexuality as "abnormal", and suggested that counsellors be made available for children who believed they were homosexual.
Kowalchuk died on June 4, 2003, following a lengthy struggle with cancer.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="9765908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765908" title="Oskar Rieding">
Oskar Rieding

Oskar Rieding (1840–1918) was a German violinist, teacher of music, and composer of many pieces for violin and piano.
Life.
Rieding's greatest claim to fame lies in his contribution to Hungarian music, and in particular, the musical life of Budapest. Born in Stettin (early North of Germany), he attended first the recently founded Academy of Musical Arts in Berlin, and later the Leipzig Conservatory. At the end of the 1860s, he moved to Vienna, where in 1871, the conductor Hans Richter, at that time Musical Director of the National Opera House in Budapest, appointed Rieding as leader of the orchestra. He remained there for thirty-two years, and composed some violin concertos and many drill pieces for violin and piano. After his retirement in 1904, he lived in Cilli (today Slovenia) until his death in 1918.
Main Works.
His famous works include:

</doc>
<doc id="9765917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765917" title="Authentic Films">
Authentic Films

Authentic Films is based in Cleveland, Ohio, and is focused on the clients, and the work. They specialize in Commercials, Music Videos and Feature Films. They have produced commercials for people including The Ohio Independent Film Festival, the Ansfield-Wolf Book Awards, Conrad's Total Car and Tire Center, and Akron Children's Hospital. Authentic Films was founded by Kate O'Neil and Kevin Kerwin. They produced the popular mock-umentary, Filmic Achievement in 2005.
"The Latest".
"The Latest" according to AuthenticFilms.net:
Ohio Independent Film Festival campaign wins National Gold Addy.
Authentic Films produces viral content for new Subway site aimed at teenagers.
Conrad's Car Care campaign featured in One Club creative showcase.
Authentic Films produces documentary celebrating The Cleveland Foundation's 90th anniversary
Authentic Films produces documentary celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Anisfield-Wolf Book Awards.
The feature film Filmic Achievement has garnered outstanding reviews and continues to screen on the film festival circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="9765918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765918" title="Assyrians in Finland">
Assyrians in Finland

Assyrians in Finland began arriving noticeably for the first time in 1991. Currently there are 300 Assyrians in Finland. The majority of them living in Oulu while other smaller communities are seen in the Finnish capital, Helsinki, and as well in Turku and Jyväskylä. They are mostly refugees from Iraq and Iran; this is contrasted to the Assyrian population in neighboring Sweden, where the majority are from Turkey, Iraq, and Lebanon.
In April 1994, the community in Oulu founded the social club "Assyrian Society of Finland", recognized by the Finnish government. The club organizes trips, picnics, and Assyrian cultural events, and holds bi-annual elections. Mr Paulus is the current president of the club.
The population is split religiously between Church of the East and Chaldean Catholic members. Chaldean Catholics attend a Catholic church in Oulu where the services are conducted by Italian priests in the Finnish language. Church of the East members attend their services in Lutheran churches.
Some Assyrians have opened Pizza restaurants with names such as Nohadra and Nineveh, referring to Assyrian towns in their homeland.
Assyrian refugees who enjoy permanent residency status and those who have already obtained Finnish citizenship are eligible to vote in the country’s elections. Most Assyrians support the Green party. Nearly all Assyrians are on government welfare. Except for a few Assyrians, most are unemployed and receive social services allowances. All are required to attend language classes which lasts from three to six months.

</doc>
<doc id="9765921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765921" title="Luces en el Mar">
Luces en el Mar

Luces en el Mar (also known as Luces Del Mar) is a small town in the Mexican state of Guerrero, approximately 5.5 miles north-west of Acapulco. It is the location of a military base of the Mexican Air Force situated on a long stretch of land bordered by rough seas on one side and a very calm lagoon on the other. Waterskiing can be done in the lagoon, as can trips to see the island, Isla Montosa. On the lagoon side, one can find crocodiles in which the gentleman that once lived there caught (Don Pio). The beach's somewhat rougher waves and remote location away from the tourist center of Acapulco account for its lack of popularity among tourists. But, the "closer-to-nature" atmosphere and romantic sunsets are a reward for those that venture there.

</doc>
<doc id="9765934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765934" title="Profession of the supreme pontiff (Council of Basel)">
Profession of the supreme pontiff (Council of Basel)

The Council at Basel decreed, in its 23rd session (26 March 1436) that anyone elected Pope should make, as a condition for his election to be valid, the "profession of the supreme pontiff", a formula declaring recognition of the Council as a "General Council" that it drew up specifically for that purpose. 
What the formula that each cardinal, meeting in conclave, was called upon to swear, declaring: "I shall not make obeisance to anyone elected as pontiff before he takes the "oath" prescribed by this council of Basel", refers to as an oath must be this profession of faith.
No Pope actually made the Council's profession of faith apart from the Pope that the Council itself created, Felix V, who is not included in the list of popes, but only in that of Antipopes.

</doc>
<doc id="9765939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765939" title="Kingdom of Viguera">
Kingdom of Viguera

The Kingdom of Viguera was a short-lived pocket kingdom around the Navarrese town of Viguera from 970 to 1005. It is said to have been created by the testament of García Sánchez I of Pamplona for his second son, Ramiro Garcés, and comprised the region today called La Rioja. There is even some debate that it was a kingdom at all, rather than simply being the holdings of royal "infantes", who were referred to as "king" at the time.
In 918 Ordoño II of León and Sancho I of Pamplona invaded Viguera to clear out the Banu Qasi. By 923, the area had been subdued and fortified. From 924 until 972 the dominant person in the region was Fortún Galíndez, who bore the titles prefect and duke and according to some private charters "reigned" "sub" (under) Sancho I and García. 
King García had, at the insistence of his second wife, Theresa of León, willed Viguera to her son Ramiro. On García's death, his eldest son Sancho II inherited Navarre and immediately recognised his brother Ramiro in Viguera in accordance with their father's wishes. Ramiro was succeeded by his son Sancho Ramírez, by 991, and Sancho was succeeded in turn by his brother García Ramírez, who perhaps acted as a co-king prior to his brother's death in 1002 or shortly thereafter. García left only daughters and simply disappears from the historical record between 1005 and 1030, and Viguera once again became part of Navarre. 
The region of Viguera was known as La Rioja as early as 1099. 

</doc>
<doc id="9765956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765956" title="List of The L Word cast members">
List of The L Word cast members

This list of "The L Word" cast members includes actors who performed recurring roles in the American television drama "The L Word", as well as actors who made a guest appearance.
Guest appearances.
The following is an alphabetical list of actors who made a guest appearance on "The L Word".

</doc>
<doc id="9765961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765961" title="Amity Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Amity Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Amity Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 866 and it contained 376 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.64%) is land and (or 0.36%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9765985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765985" title="P300">
P300

P300 may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="9765993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9765993" title="Wayne Fitzgerrell State Recreation Area">
Wayne Fitzgerrell State Recreation Area

The Wayne Fitzgerrell State Recreation Area is a 3,300-acre (13.4 km²) state park bordering Rend Lake near Benton, Illinois. The state park is managed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources to concentrate on shoreline recreation, including boating, fishing, and picnicking.
After Rend Lake was completed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1970, much of the land acquired by the Army Corps for dam and reservoir construction was available for open-space use. Starting in 1975, the Army Corps leased the Wayne Fitzgerrell parcel of land to the state of Illinois. The state park is named for Wayne Fitzgerrell, a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from nearby Wayne County in the 70th through 74th General Assemblies. Fitzgerrell had been one of the local leaders who had called for the damming of the Big Muddy River and creation of Rend Lake.
Wayne Fitzgerrell was originally dedicated as a state park but changed its name in the 1990s to reflect its identity as a space managed for sportsmen. 1,000 acres (4.0 km²) of the park is consciously managed for the hunting of deer, upland birds such as pheasants, and small game. 
The park is a focus of public access to Rend Lake, which is managed for the fishing of largemouth bass, bluegill, channel catfish, and crappie.
Wayne Fitzgerrell is one of the few state parks in Illinois which is bisected by a limited-access highway, Interstate 57. Many visitors to the park use I-57's Exit 77, near the park's headquarters at Whittington, Illinois. 

</doc>
<doc id="9766021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766021" title="Rick Lopez">
Rick Lopez

Rick Lopez is a cinematographer and teacher based in New York City. He is a graduate of, and taught cinematography at Columbia University. He was Director of Photography on the popular mock-umentary Filmic Achievement in 2005 and worked with Writer/Director Kevin Kerwin and Producer Kate O'Neil, both from Authentic Films.According to his bio at FilmicAchievement.com,
Once a cinematography student, and now a cinematography instructor at Columbia University, Rick López has filmed more than 50 features, shorts, commercials, and documentaries. His work has screened at festivals around the world including the Berlin Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival, Slamdance Film Festival, Clermont-Ferrand, the Hamptons Film Festival, CamerImage: the International Festival for the Art of Cinematography, and others.
According to his website,
A former cinematography instructor at Columbia University, Rick López has filmed more than 80 features, shorts, commercials, and documentaries. Variety magazine has described his work as "expert." His work has screened at festivals around the world including the Berlin Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival, Tribeca Film Festival, the Hamptons Film Festival, CamerImage: the International Festival for the Art of Cinematography, and countless others. Before embarking on a career as a professional cinemtographer, López worked as a Congressional aide in Washington, DC, and earned a graduate degree in history from Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="9766026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766026" title="George Preas">
George Preas

George Robert Preas (June 25, 1933 – February 24, 2007) was an American football lineman in the National Football League for the Baltimore Colts.
Preas grew up in Roanoke, Virginia and played high school football at Jefferson High School, graduating in 1951. He went on to star at Virginia Tech before being drafted by the Baltimore Colts.
Preas played for the Colts from 1955–65, alongside teammates like quarterback Johnny Unitas, receiver Raymond Berry, running back Lenny Moore, left tackle Jim Parker, defensive tackle Art Donovan and defensive end Gino Marchetti.
Preas died in the South Roanoke Nursing Home in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9766044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766044" title="Jean-François Plante">
Jean-François Plante

Jean-François "Jeff" Plante is a Canadian conservative/self-described libertarian activist and supporter of men's rights. He has been an internet radio host, and was also running for leadership of the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ), following Mario Dumont's resignation after the 2008 Quebec election. He served as the president of the Conservative Party of Quebec.
Internet radio.
Plante runs Radio XTRM, a Canadian internet based radio stations, and is the editor of République de Bananes, a French Canadian news and analysis website.
Municipal politics.
Plante was elected to Montreal's City Council for the district of Père-Marquette in 1998 with 34% of the vote, defeating incumbent Robert Laramée (33%). In 2001, Plante ran in the district of Louis-Hébert (Rosemont–Petite-Patrie borough). He received 64% of the vote. He did not run for re-election in 2005. Plante was affiliated to the Vision Montréal party of Mayor Pierre Bourque.
Provincial politics.
Plante also ran as an Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ) candidate for the Basses-Laurentides district of Deux-Montagnes in 2007.
On March 5, 2007, Journalist Denis Lessard unveiled past declarations he made on his internet radio show. Plante declared that too much emphasis was put on violence towards women while none for men. He also refused to wear the annual white ribbon, which is used to remember the 1989 École Polytechnique massacre, asserting it was used by certain feminist lobbies to say that every man should be held responsible for this crime. Plante claimed that the event was hijacked of its real meaning by lobbies to serve a political agenda.
Medias, pressured Dumont to make him resign which he did three days later. Lucie Leblanc replaced Plante as candidate. The ADQ won the district of Deux-Montagnes sending Leblanc to the legislature with 36% of the vote.
As of May 2, 2007 (more than a month after the election), Plante still held an executive job within the ADQ party structure. Liberal Cabinet Members Nathalie Normandeau, Monique Jérôme-Forget, Christine St-Pierre and Line Beauchamp called for his resignation. So far Dumont has refused to expel Plante, claiming that anyone has the right to support the ADQ. Plante later quit on his own. 
Plante later ran for the leadership of the ADQ but was disquallified from the running after it was determined that he didn't enough valid signature.
After the ADQ merged with the CAQ, a small wing of the party left to form the Conservative Party of Quebec. Plante was named president. Under his leadership the party got 0.18% of the popular vote at the 2012 Quebec general election. He left the party after the election.

</doc>
<doc id="9766052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766052" title="Reginald de Grey, 1st Baron Grey de Wilton">
Reginald de Grey, 1st Baron Grey de Wilton

Reginald (or Reynold) de Grey, 1st Baron Grey de Wilton (died 1308) was an English nobleman after whom one of the four Inns of Court is named. He was son of Sir John de Grey and grandson of Henry de Grey. The property upon which Gray's Inn sits was once Portpoole Manor held by Reginald de Grey.
De Grey is said to be a descendant of the Norman knight Anchetil de Greye who accompanied William the Conqueror during the conquest of England. 
Reginald acquired Wilton barony through his marriage to the heiress, Matilda Cantilupe before 1252, although at the time he was a minor under the tutelage of his father, John de Gray. Later he was High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire and the Royal Forests and Constable of Chester Castle, Constable of Nottingham Castle (1265) and Constable of Northampton Castle (1267). He was Justice of Chester in 1270 and High Sheriff of Cheshire (1270–1274). In 1281 he was again Justice of Chester.
In 1282, he was one the three commanders appointed by Edward I of England in his campaign against Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, the rebellious Prince of Wales. This resulted in his being granted the Dyffryn Clwyd with its castle of Ruthin Castle. This great lordship passed to his descendants, until Richard Grey, 6th Baron Grey de Ruthyn, 3rd Earl of Kent sold the lordship to the crown in 1508.
He was summoned to Parliament from 1295 to 1307 His younger grandson Roger de Grey was summoned to Parliament thus becoming Baron Grey de Ruthyn.

</doc>
<doc id="9766060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766060" title="CAGE questionnaire">
CAGE questionnaire

The CAGE questionnaire, the name of which is an acronym of its four questions, is a widely used method of screening for alcoholism.
The CAGE questionnaire, among other methods, has been extensively validated for use in identifying alcoholism. CAGE is considered a validated screening technique, with one study determining that CAGE test scores >=2 had a specificity of 76% and a sensitivity of 93% for the identification of excessive drinking and a specificity of 77% and a sensitivity of 91% for the identification of alcoholism.
By far the most important question in the CAGE questionnaire is the use of a drink as an Eye Opener, so much so that some clinicians use a "yes" to this question alone as a positive to the questionnaire; this is due to the fact that the use of an alcoholic drink as an Eye Opener denotes abuse since the patient is going through withdrawal in the morning, hence the need for a drink as an Eye Opener 
It is not valid for diagnosis of other substance use disorders, although somewhat modified versions of the CAGE questionnaire are frequently implemented for such a purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="9766126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766126" title="List of City College of New York alumni">
List of City College of New York alumni

Notable alumni.
Politics, government, and sociology.
Simon Gourdine - NYC Commissioner of Consumer Affairs under Mayor Koch.
Science and technology.
Richard Gitlin (1964) National Academy of Engineering and co-inventor of DSL
Sports.
Simon Gourdine 1962 - pioneer in sports management. Highest ranking black executive in professional sports in the 1970s. Executive Director of the NBA Players Union in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9766128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766128" title="Brian Davies">
Brian Davies

Brian Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9766142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766142" title="Yoon Jang-ho">
Yoon Jang-ho

Yoon Jang-ho (Hangul: 윤장호; Hanja: 尹章豪; September 21, 1980 – February 27, 2007) was a staff sergeant (posthumous) serving as an English translator in Afghanistan as a member of the Task Force Dasan, a dispatched engineering unit of the Republic of Korea Army. He was killed during the suicide bomb attack on a military base in Bagram on February 27, 2007. The attack occurred at the front gate, where he was waiting to greet two local residents into the base. Yoon Jang-ho is the first hostile casualty of the Republic of Korea Armed Forces since the end of Vietnam War.
Born on September 21, 1980, Yoon Jang-ho was the youngest of three children. After graduating from elementary school in Seoul in 1994, he received secondary education in New York. He graduated from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University with an undergraduate degree in business in 2003 and started attending the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in early 2004. In December 2004, he returned to South Korea and joined the South Korean army's Special Warfare Command as a translator in June 2005. He was dispatched to Afghanistan in September 2006, and was to return to South Korea on March 14, 2007 for a planned discharge in June. He was promoted to staff sergeant and received the Inheon Order of Military Merit and the Bronze Star posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="9766166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766166" title="Nanyang Fleet">
Nanyang Fleet

The Nanyang Fleet () was one of the four modernised Chinese naval fleets in the late Qing Dynasty. Established in the 1870s, the fleet suffered losses in the Sino-French War, escaped intact in the Sino-Japanese War, and was formally abolished in 1909.
Composition, 1884.
Before 1885 the Southern Seas (Nanyang) Fleet, based at Shanghai, was the largest of China's four regional fleets. In the early 1880s its best ships were the modern composite cruiser "Kaiji", completed in 1884 at the Foochow Navy Yard, the composite sloops "Kangji" and "Chengching", also recent products of the Foochow Navy Yard (1878 and 1880), and the 2,630-ton wooden steam frigate "Yuyuan", built at the Kiangnan Arsenal in 1873. The fleet was originally to have had the four steel Rendel gunboats "Zhendong", "Zhenxi", "Zhennan" and "Zhenbei", completed in 1879, but Li Hongzhang was so impressed by them that he took them over for the Beiyang Fleet, compensating the Nanyang Fleet with "Longxiang", "Huwei", "Feiting" and "Cedian", four iron Rendel 'alphabetical' gunboats that had been in service at Tianjin since 1876. 
Besides these relatively modern gunboats the fleet also included the elderly wooden gunboats "Caojiang", "Zehai", "Weijing" and "Jingyuan", the first three products of the Kiangnan Arsenal (1869 and 1870) and the fourth built at the Foochow Navy Yard in 1872. Other vessels with the fleet or operating on the Yangzi River in 1884 included the composite sloops "Chaowu" and "Chengqing", both built at the Foochow Navy Yard (1878 and 1880); the 2,630-ton wooden steam frigate "Haian", built at the Kiangnan Arsenal in 1872; the wooden transports "Yuankai" and "Dengyingzhou", both built at the Foochow Navy Yard (1875 and 1876); and the tiny ironclad "Jinou", an experimental product of the Kiangnan Arsenal (1876) nicknamed derisively by Europeans 'the terror of the Western world'.
In July 1884, on the eve of the Sino-French War, the Nanyang fleet was reinforced by the German-built steel cruisers "Nanrui" and "Nanchen", which sailed from Germany in March 1884.
"Table 1: Composition of the Nanyang fleet, August 1884"
The Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885).
The commander of the Nanyang fleet during the Sino-French War was Admiral Li Chengmou (李成謀), who had earlier commanded the Fujian fleet and the traditional Yangtze water forces.
Most of the ships of the Nanyang fleet remained safely in harbour at Shanghai or Nanking during the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885). In July 1884 the French ironclad "Triomphante" observed the presence of the Nanyang fleet at Shanghai. Her commander, "capitaine de vaisseau" Baux, cabled Admiral Amédée Courbet for permission to attack the Chinese with "Triomphante" and the cruiser "d'Estaing". Jules Ferry's cabinet considered the merits of an attack on the Nanyang fleet, but decided that the risks to business confidence were too great, and notified Courbet that no naval action would be permitted at Shanghai. Courbet thereupon ordered "Triomphante" and "d'Estaing" to leave Shanghai and join him in the Min River, where he was concentrating his squadron against the Fujian Fleet and the Foochow Navy Yard. The French cruiser "Parseval" was sent to Shanghai in early August to keep the Nanyang Fleet under observation.
Courbet's attack on the Fujian Fleet on 23 August 1884 at the Battle of Fuzhou plunged France and China into war. The Nanyang Fleet commanders responded by splitting the fleet to protect Shanghai and the Nanking Arsenal, both plausible targets for future French naval descents. The Rendel gunboats "Longxiang", "Feiting", "Cedian" and "Huwei" remained at Shanghai, and the frigate "Haian" was filled with stones and prepared as a blockship, to be sunk across the entrance to the Huangpu river if the French showed themselves in force. The German-built cruisers "Nanrui" and "Nanchen", together with several other ships of the Nanyang Fleet, withdrew to Nanking. In late August 1884 Admiral Courbet ordered "Parseval" to leave Shanghai. The lone French cruiser had lain within range of the Nanyang Fleet for a whole week after the outbreak of war, but the Chinese made no attempt to attack her. On the night of 30 August 1884 "capitaine de vaisseau" Thounens of "Parseval" ran the gauntlet of the guns of the Wusong forts and escaped without casualties to the open sea. The Nanyang Fleet did nothing whatsoever to hinder his departure. 
Part of the Nanyang fleet made a disastrous sortie in February 1885 to try to break the French blockade of Formosa. The frigate "Yuyuan" and the composite sloop "Chengqing" were sunk in the Battle of Shipu (14 February 1885), the former by a French torpedo attack and the latter by friendly fire. "Kaiji", "Nanrui", "Nanchen", "Chaowu", "Yuankai" and two 'alphabetical' gunboats were trapped in Zhenhai Bay by the French on 1 March 1885 and ignominiously blockaded there for the rest of the war.
Postwar Development.
The loss of "Yuyuan" and "Chengqing" in February 1885 eroded the Nanyang Fleet's advantage over the Northern Seas Fleet (Beiyang Fleet). During the following decade the Nanyang fleet gradually lost its primacy, as Li Hongzhang invested heavily in the Beiyang Fleet. By 1894, on the eve of the Sino-Japanese War, the Beiyang Fleet had a comfortable superiority over the Nanyang Fleet both in numbers of ships and quality. 
Nevertheless, the Nanyang fleet continued to acquire new ships after the Sino-French War, some of reasonable quality. The first of the new ships was the steel cruiser "Baomin", completed at the Kiangnan Arsenal in 1885. The next additions were the composite cruisers "Jingqing" and "Huantai", both products of the Foochow Navy Yard (1886 and 1887). 
"Table 2: Additions to the Nanyang fleet, 1885–94"

</doc>
<doc id="9766180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766180" title="Sarah Deutsch">
Sarah Deutsch

Sarah Deutsch (born 1961) is an American attorney who currently serves as vice president and associate general counsel of the telecommunications company Verizon Communications. She was born in Brooklyn, New York.
Deutsch gained media attention for representing Verizon in the copyright case "RIAA v. Verizon", in which the Recording Industry Association of America obtained a subpoena demanding Verizon to disclose the identity of several subscribers who were allegedly engaged in illegal P2P file-sharing.
In the end, the D.C. Circuit Court ruled in favor of Verizon. The decision was authored by Chief Judge Douglas Ginsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9766189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766189" title="Tevin Campbell (album)">
Tevin Campbell (album)

Tevin Campbell is the fourth and last album to date by R&B singer Tevin Campbell, released in 1999. It features new songs, produced by Stevie J, Wyclef Jean, and others. Campbell released three singles having only one of them chart on the Billboard Hot 100, "Another Way". The other two singles are "Losing All Control" and "For Your Love", both with minor showings on the R&B charts.

</doc>
<doc id="9766191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766191" title="Grotus">
Grotus

Grotus was an experimental, politically charged rock band from San Francisco, California, active from 1989 to 1996. Their unique sound incorporated industrial rock, sampled ethnic instruments, two drummers, two bassists, and angry but humorous lyrics. Their shows included large projected videos sequenced with the songs, and could almost qualify as performance art, with the singer channeling any number of hideous figures involved in the subjects of the songs. Many of the songs dealt with anger at environmental collapse, but from a cartoonish angle.
Biography.
The group started in 1989, when Adam Tanner and John Carson, burned out from failed rock bands, decided to make music for films, and bought 2 Akai S-950 samplers. Having technical difficulties, they asked their friend Lars Fox to help figure out how to use them, and Fox asserted himself as their singer. Their first songs came quickly, and the trio headed to Dancing Dog Studio in Emeryville, to record with David Bryson (soon to be a member of Counting Crows). A visit to radio station KUSF's local music show yielded an invitation to perform at a showcase within a few weeks of starting. Projected videos, synchronized with the music, were an important part of the band from the beginning, influencing and being influenced by other Bay Area bands including Neurosis and Consolidated.
They developed a large dedicated following in San Francisco over the next 2 years, playing with their friends in Consolidated often, and opening for touring industrial bands, including Nine Inch Nails. New local record label Spirit Music Industries asked them to put out a recording, resulting in "Brown", introducing the group's ethnic industrial stylings. Next, the group added drummer Bruce Boyd (ex Pagan Babies) to the mix, resulting in a more organic punk feel. The new line up released "Luddite" on Spirit, much more a live band now, as opposed to Brown's more classic industrial sequenced machine grooves.
Faith No More / Mr Bungle singer Mike Patton championed the band, asking them to open for his band Mr Bungle, joining them for the band's first US tour, in 1992. This led to Alternative Tentacles' Jello Biafra asking the band to join their roster, which they did, releasing what many fans feel to be their best work, "Slow Motion Apocalypse", in 1993.
Grotus toured relentlessly from 1993 to 1996, stopping only to record, essentially living in their van or rehearsal space. Many major labels were signing alternative bands in these heady post-Nirvana days, and Grotus was wined and dined extensively. They eventually signed with London Records. London released the more "rock" oriented "Mass" in 1996, with a remix EP ("Handjob") being released as a touring device in 1995 (for a tour with Korn, on their first headlining tour).
London was primarily interested in the atypical (for Grotus) song "Hand to Mouth", and when it failed to catch on a single, dropped the band two months after releasing Mass. After seven years, the group decided to call it quits.
To the present.
Fox has become a specialized recording engineer "track surgeon" working on artists ranging from Nick Cave to Ashlee Simpson. He is best known for co-producing Everclear's last four albums.
[ partial discography]
Tanner, a bluegrass enthusiast, tours around the U.S. and Europe playing mandolin, fiddle and guitar in various groups.
Boyd moved to the desert, and is metal director and D.J. at KZMU, in Moab, Utah.
Carson lives in Portland, Oregon works for a musical instrument manufacturer as an electronic technician. His band TV616 disbanded in August 2006. Last show was at Sabalas in Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="9766192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766192" title="Spike Shooter">
Spike Shooter

SPIKE Hardcore Energy is an energy drink sold by SPIKE LLC of Colorado Springs, Colorado. SPIKE features 16 oz and 8 oz energy drinks, as well as a 4.26 oz Double Shot. As of Spring 2009, SPIKE energy products are sold in 7-Eleven, Circle K, Casey's General Stores, Sunoco, Conoco Phillips, Valero, Chevron, Vitamin Shoppe, GNC, and other stores.
Safety and warnings.
Several warnings are included on the packaging of Spike Shooter. The label advises that people under the age of 18, the elderly, and pregnant women should not use the product. It also warns against combining the product with any prescription or over-the-counter medications, other stimulants or fat loss products, or using the product while being treated for any of a list of medical conditions such as psychiatric diseases, high blood pressure and asthma. Users are advised to start with just half a can to determine tolerance at first, and to never drink more than one can per day.
It was made available in pill-form before being marketed as a ready to drink "High Speed Energy Drink". In addition to the original flavor, "'Quila Lime" as well as a new "Orange Gold" are now available in both the Shooter size (8.4 oz) and the larger, 16 oz. Shotgun size. The recently introduced "Lemon Slice" replaces the "'Quila Lime" flavor for the Shotgun and Doubleshot variants. 
Spike shooters contain 300 mg of caffeine per 8.4 oz. can.
Spike Shotgun's energy formula is of a reduced concentration and replaces the yohimbe with Beta-alanine. A concentrated version of this formula is available in the Spike Double Shot, a 4.26 oz. energy shot.

</doc>
<doc id="9766208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766208" title="Picture This (Do or Die album)">
Picture This (Do or Die album)

Picture This is the first album released by rap group, Do or Die. It was released on September 3, 1996 for Rap-A-Lot and Virgin Records. The album proved to be a huge success for the group, peaking at #27 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album also featured the hit single, "Po Pimp", which peaked at #22 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #1 on the Hot Rap Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="9766209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766209" title="Corlette, New South Wales">
Corlette, New South Wales

Corlette is a suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located just west of Nelson Bay on the shores of Port Stephens. It was named after Captain James Corlette who skippered the cutter "Lambton" which was the first privately owned local vessel. The Corlette was first used to ship timber and wool out of Port Stephens in 1816. While property values throughout the suburb average around A$475,000, in the most affluent areas on the shores of Salamander Bay individual sale prices of $3.7 million have been realised.
Geography.
Corlette is located on the southern shores of Port Stephens with approximately 75% of the suburb's of coastline being occupied by three beaches. Its western border forms the shoreline of Salamander Bay, after which the adjoining suburb of Salamander Bay is named. On its northern shoreline are two beaches. The largest of these, Bagnalls Beach, gives its name to a large housing estate within the suburb.

</doc>
<doc id="9766210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766210" title="Zhang Peilun">
Zhang Peilun

Zhang Peilun (張佩綸) (1848–1903) was an unsuccessful Chinese naval commander during the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885).
Early life.
Zhang Peilun was born in Hangzhou on November 24, 1848. His father, Zhang Yintang (張印塘, 1797–1854), was a mid-level government official who died when Zhang Peilun was only a child, which left the family in genteel poverty. Zhang was, by all reports, a bright and studious child. After passing the provincial imperial examination at age 23 and the metropolitan one at 24, he came under the tutelage of Li Hongzao, the older brother of Li Hongzhang, and quickly rose to prominence.
Political Views.
Zhang was one of the foremost members of the so-called 'Purist Party' (清流黨) led by Zhang Zhidong (張之洞), an extremist group which urged resistance to French encroachment in north Vietnam in the early 1880s, even at the cost of war with France, in opposition to the more moderate stance advocated by Li Hongzhang and his supporters.
The Battle of Fuzhou.
Shortly before the outbreak of the Sino-French War Zhang was appointed imperial commissioner with responsibility for the defence of Fujian province. His Fujian Fleet was defeated and almost annihilated by the French Far East Squadron, under the command of Admiral Amédée Courbet, at the Battle of Fuzhou (23 August 1884).
Zhang had made no serious attempt to coordinate the resistance of the Fujian fleet, and was demoted by the Empress Dowager Cixi on 19 September 1884 and replaced as Fujian defence commissioner by the veteran general Zuo Zongtang (左宗棠). He was then exiled to serve as a soldier in Zhangjiakou, a rural town in Northeast China.
Return from Exile.
After returning to Beijing/Tianjian in 1888, Zhang managed to find work as a secretary/scribe for his former political enemy, Li Hongzhang. Reportedly, Li was so impressed with Zhang that he encouraged Zhang to marry Li's eldest daughter, Li Juou (李菊藕, 1866–1912), despite the couple's disparate ages and opposition from Li Juou's mother.
Nonetheless, Li Hongzhang still refused to help Zhang enter public life again and Zhang devoted himself to his literary ambitions instead. He and his family moved to Nanjing after the wedding and Zhang, with the help of his wife, began editing the various works that he had begun writing while in exile. The couple eventually co-wrote a cookbook and a martial arts novel.
In 1903, Zhang died in Nanjing at the age of 56 due to an unspecified liver disease. His wife died nine years later and they were buried together. Their graves were exhumed and desecrated during the Cultural Revolution five decades later.
Family.
Zhang married a total of three times and had three sons and a daughter.
He and his first wife, Zhu Zhixiang (朱芷薌, d.1879) had two sons together, Zhang Zhicang (張志滄, who died young) and Zhang Zhiqian (張志潛, b. circa 1879). After the death of his first wife, he eventually remarried, but his second wife, Bian Cuiyu (邊粹玉, d.1886), died while he was in exile. In 1888 he married Li Juou. His third marriage was reportedly a happy one and produced a son and a daughter, Zhang Zhiyan (張志沂, 1896–1953) and Zhang Maoyuan (張茂淵, 1898–1991).
Zhang Zhiyi's daughter (and Zhang Peilun's granddaughter), Eileen Chang, is one of the most famous Chinese writers of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9766265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766265" title="Minion (comics)">
Minion (comics)

Minion (real name Jarras Minion) is a fictional DC Comics superhero best known as a member of the Teen Titans and for giving the Omegadrome armor to Cyborg. He first appears in "New Teen Titans" #114 (September 1994), and was created by Marv Wolfman and Rick Mays.
Fictional character biography.
After Jarras Minion's home planet of Talyn (and its long-adversarial sister planet, Kallas) were destroyed by an energy force, he set out to find the party responsible. He had cybernetically bonded with the morphing Omegadroma battlesuit--which had been developed by his parents--to survive the destruction. His search for a cause of his planet's demise led him to Earth and ultimately to the party responsible, Teen Titans villain, Psimon. Donna Troy convinced Minion not to kill Psimon, who was then taken into custody by the Darkstars.
Leaving repeatedly to travel the galaxy, Minion returned to help Phantasm defeat an evil version of former Titan, Raven, who was intent on planting the seeds of Trigon's unborn children into new vessels. With the help of Minion, the Titans finally defeated Raven. Minion then stayed with the Titans and became a member in "The New Titans" #123 (1995).
After a second battle with Raven, Raven, Minion and Garfield Logan elected to remain in space as traveling companions to Victor Stone, then known as Cyberion. Minion eventually decided to leave the Omegadrome suit to Cyberion, who would eventually be forced to "download" himself into the Omegadrome suit, becoming Cyborg.
After this, Minion continued traveling the galaxy, without the Omegadrome, and seemingly having re-embraced his pacifist beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="9766276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766276" title="Tomago, New South Wales">
Tomago, New South Wales

Tomago is a combined industrial/semi-rural suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is located just north of the Hunter River and west of the body of water known as Fullerton Cove. Tomago means "sweet water" in the local Aboriginal language.
Geography.
Tomago is primarily flat with sandy soil and is surrounded on three sides by water. The Hunter River flows around the western and southern borders of the suburb. To the east is Fullerton Cove. There is no direct access to the land portion of the neighbouring suburbs of Tarro, Kooragang or Fullerton Cove. Access to and from Hexham is only possible via the Hexham bridges, which are actually located in the suburb of Tarro.
Industry.
Major industrial sites in the area are the Tomago aluminium smelter, Forgacs Shipyard Tomago, Valley Longwall International and the Tomago Sandbeds water treatment works.

</doc>
<doc id="9766283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766283" title="Pat Power">
Pat Power

Patrick Percival "Pat" Power (born 11 February 1942 in Cooma, New South Wales) is a retired Australian Roman Catholic bishop.
Early life.
Power grew up in Queanbeyan and was educated at St Christopher's School and St Edmund's College in Canberra and completed his schooling at Chevalier College, Bowral. After leaving school, he trained for the priesthood at St Columba's College, Springwood and St Patrick's College, Manly.
Power was ordained to the priesthood in Queanbeyan on 17 July 1965 and served in the parishes of Braidwood, Canberra and Goulburn before being asked by Archbishop Cahill to undertake a doctorate in canon law in 1972 at the Propaganda Fide College, Rome. On the completion of his studies in 1975, Power returned to Canberra and for 10 years served as Archbishop's Secretary (to three archbishops) and director of the marriage tribunal.
In February 1985, Power became parish priest of his home parish of Queanbeyan.
Episcopate.
On 18 April 1986, he was ordained bishop by Archbishop Francis Carroll in St Christopher's Cathedral, Canberra, becoming the fifth Auxiliary Bishop of Canberra–Goulburn.
Since that time he served on bishops' committees for laity, ecumenism, canon law, family and life, social welfare and media. He has also been the Secretary of the Committee for Justice, Development, Ecology and Peace and a member of the Australian Social Justice Council.
Much of his ministry has been in the field of ecumenical and inter-faith relations. He was the first Catholic co-chairman of AUSTARC, the national Anglican-Roman Catholic dialogue. He served a number of terms as chair of the ACT Churches Council.
At the 1998 Oceania Synod of Bishops in Rome, Power spoke on marginalised people in society and in the church. Much of his efforts have been directed in this area through Catholic Welfare Australia and through local community organizations in Canberra. He has been a strong advocate for the East Timorese and the Palestinian people, for Aboriginal people, for racial respect, for the unemployed and in opposition to abortion and assisted suicide.
In 2000, Power chaired a major enquiry into poverty in the Australian Capital Territory. He supported the move to have the South Sydney Rabbitohs restored to the national rugby league competition.
Power has said that the church has "retreated from the promising outcomes" of the Second Vatican Council. In a 2010 article, he said that issues such as priestly celibacy, church teaching on sexuality and the role of women in the church must be discussed with Catholic lay people. He often expressed support for the ordination of married men.
His early resignation, at age 70, as auxiliary bishop of Canberra and Goulburn was effective from 7 June 2012. He stated that the Vatican's "inability to listen" and the problems of clergy sex abuse and the shortage of priests are the "most vexing issues" facing the church.

</doc>
<doc id="9766284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766284" title="Hermann Nunberg">
Hermann Nunberg

Hermann Nunberg (January 23, 1884 - May 20, 1970) was a psychoanalyst and neurologist born in Będzin, Poland.
He earned his medical degree from the University of Zurich in 1910, and for a short time practiced psychiatry in Schaffhausen and Bern. In 1912 he taught classes at the university clinic in Krakow. In 1914 he became an assistant to Julius Wagner-Jauregg in Vienna, and in 1915 joined the Vienna Psychoanalytic Society. He remained in Vienna until 1932 when he emigrated to the United States and worked in Philadelphia and New York City.
While a student in Zurich, Nunberg assisted Carl Gustav Jung at the Burghölzli Psychiatric Clinic with word association tests. For several years in Vienna he taught classes on neurology. In 1932 copies of his lectures were published, and in the preface of the publication, an impressed Sigmund Freud wrote that it:"contains the most complete and conscientious presentation of a psycho-analytic theory of the neurotic processes which we at present possess".In 1955, Nunberg's lectures were translated into a book titled "Principles of Psychoanalysis, Their Application to the Neuroses". Nunberg was an early advocate of required "training analysis" sessions for psychoanalysts in training. While in New York he was a member of the New York Psychoanalytic Society, and was its president from 1950 until 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9766295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766295" title="Glass cutter">
Glass cutter

A glass cutter is a tool used to make a shallow score in one surface of a piece of glass that is to be broken in two pieces. The scoring makes a split in the surface of the glass which encourages the glass to break along the score. Regular, annealed glass can be broken apart this way but not tempered glass, since it shatters rather than breaking cleanly into two pieces.
A glass cutter may use a diamond to create the split or more commonly a small cutting wheel is used made of hardened steel or tungsten carbide 4-6 mm in diameter, with its cutting edge ground to a V-shaped profile. Some glass cutters hold a small amount of cutting oil, which both lubricates the wheel and prevents the split in the glass from closing. When properly lubricated a steel wheel can give a long period of satisfactory service. However, tungsten carbide wheels have a significantly longer life than steel wheels and offer other advantages in use, such as greater and more reproducible penetration in cutting and consequently easier parting of the glass.
In the Middle Ages glass was cut with a tool which was nothing more than a sharply pointed rod of iron, heated to a high temperature. The red hot point was drawn along the moistened surface of the glass causing it to snap apart. The fracture was not very accurate and the rough piece had to be chipped or grozed down to the exact shape with the help of a hooked tool called a grozing iron. The present day Steel Wheel Cutter, which is almost universally used, was invented in 1869 by Samuel Monce in Bristol. Connecticut.
At the time the first steel wheel glass cutter was invented in 1869, glass manufacturers produced mostly plain flat glass which was used primarily for windows. Great progress has taken place over the years until now we have hard glass, soft glass, heat-resisting glass, thick glass, thin glass, decorative glass and countless other varieties.With these many variations it becomes necessary to change the penetration action of the wheel to compensate for the difference in the structural composition of the glass. This is accomplished by varying the degree of the bevel which produces a progressively sharper or duller "cut." A soft glass such as plate glass requires a dull cutting while the harder glass requires a sharper wheel.
There is a reason for the difference in cutter wheel diameters. The great majority of wheels are 7/32" in diameter. The pressure of the wheel as it rolls over the glass has a bearing on the penetration, and there is a ratio between the pressure and the arc of the wheel that is important. With average hand pressure the 7/32" diameter wheel gives best results. For a duller wheel on soft glass a slightly different pressure is required. This is compensated for with a larger wheel, 1/4" in diameter making it unnecessary for the operator to change the hand pressure. The smaller wheel, 1/8" in diameter, is used for cutting patterns, and for cutting circles. Here the wheel with a small arc is necessary to follow curved lines without dragging.
A computer-assisted CNC semi-automatic glass cutting table is usually used to score large sheets of glass, which are then broken out by hand into the individual sheets of glass (also known as "lites" in the glass industry).
Cutting process.
The glass is first lubricated along the cutting line with a light oil. The cutter is then pressed firmly against the surface of glass and a line is scribed to form a "score" or "cut". The glass is now weakened by this score and the panel is ready to be split along the scored line. The score is then "run" or "opened" to extend the split using running pliers, or by carefully applying pressure (exactly under the score) on the bottom side of the glass using a straight edge or a wedge directly under the score and pressing evenly on each side. Tapping under the score encourages the split, but tends to reduce the smoothness of the broken edge and on thicker glass this may be an issue. Where a tightly-curved edge is required care must be taken as glass will follow the path of least resistance when separating and may not follow the score, so cutting tight corners, small shapes and internal corners may be very difficult to perform. Many internal cuts require specialized equipment to be successful.
After breaking the glass along the score it will reveal the "clean cut" edge. Clean cut edges on thick glass may be "splayed". A splay is where the cut edge is a razor sharp feathering on the edge and extra caution should be used here. At this point the clean cut edge of the glass panel may be ground to remove the sharp edges or the arris.
General purpose glass is mostly made by the float glass process and is obtainable in thicknesses from 1.5mm to 25mm. Thin float glass cuts very easily with a sharp cutter but needs firm support under the panel because of the pressure placed on it when scoring. Thick glass such as 10mm float glass is more difficult to cut and break requiring considerable skill and strength, Different Glass with textured or patterned surfaces may demand specialised methods for scoring and opening the cuts.
Breaking methods.
Three methods are usually used to break the glass along the score. In the first method, the operator uses two hands and holds the edge of the glass, perpendicular to the score, with the forefingers under the glass and the thumbs on top. The operator then rotates both hands outward to break the glass along the line. The second method consists of placing one finger underneath the sheet of glass, directly under the scribed line, and in one smooth motion, lifting the edge of the glass and giving it a small push horizontally. The second method is quicker than the first, but requires more practice. These two methods are usually used when breaking glass on a glass cutting table that lifts the glass gently by forcing air up through the table. The third method is used with smaller sheets of glass, and consists of placing the score along the edge of the table and snapping the overhanging part of the glass in a downward motion. With experience, the break follows the score.
However breaking with one finger under the score is dangerous and will pinch the finger as the glass rolls away.
Looking along the edge of the cut glass, one can tell which way the cutter was run and which way the glass was run or snapped, by the flow of feathers, in the edge.
In most scenarios, glass will break where you want it, so long as it's well lubricated and run before it has a chance to cool off.
Bottle Cutting.
Currently, a very popular art is the cutting and recrafting of common glass bottles. Bottle cutting is slightly more complex than standard flat plane glass cutting, mainly because the cutter is dealing with a round surface. There are slightly different designs of cutters for such projects that allow for the cutter to find center and swing an arm with a steel head around the bottle making a clean score line. There are a few different methods of getting a clean cut from this point. It becomes more difficult than pushing against the glass because it will shatter. There are three popular methods that can be used to make the cut. This includes the rope method, the torch method and the water method.
Rope Method.
The rope method is a common practice for those novice at cutting glass bottles. The idea is to take a rope or piece of string and tie it tightly to the bottle directly into score line. The string is to be then painted with a flammable oil then set on fire. The heat that comes from the burning string will cause the bottle to soften in the score. While the score is still warm, the bottle is then placed under a flow of cold water which will tighten the heated molecules at such a quick rate that the stress of the bottle is released through your score causing a break in the glass. Problems with this method include the stress in the bottle being so great that the bottle fails to break immediately on the score line and will leave large jagged pieces that take a long time to grind down.
Torch Method.
The torch method is very similar to the rope method but requires a much more practiced hand in cutting bottles. The idea here is to use a torch to heat the bottle over the score line until the bottle reaches appropriate temperature to then place under the cold running water. Problems that occur with this method include still large jagged edges much like the rope method, however, much more accurate to the score. An advantage to this method is the lack of material and cost with a quicker and cleaner result.
Water Method.
Although all methods include a cold stream, this is the only method in which to make a cut using entirely water. Problems that occur in the rope method and the torch method is that the glass becomes too hot too quickly making inaccurate breaks with large stress lines and fractures in the glass. With the water method, you can obtain an almost perfect cut and at a faster and cheaper rate than almost all other methods. In this method, boiling water is poured slowly on the score line raising the temperature in the glass at a much slower rate than a fire method and will maintain a much lower temperature. Once the bottle becomes warm, it is then placed under the cold running water for the break. Problems still occur during this method with sometimes jagged edges and stress lines and fractures, however; most methods are a 50%-60% success rate, where as the water method is about a 95% success rate.

</doc>
<doc id="9766301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766301" title="Be the One (BoA song)">
Be the One (BoA song)

"Be the One" is BoA's 12th Japanese solo single. Due to the popularity of the song from her third Japanese album, Love & Honesty, it was released as a special single. Containing only one song, one remix and one instrumental track. The single reached #15 on Oricon Singles Charts. It is featured as a bonus track for the Samurai Warriors 1 Soundtrack.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="9766307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766307" title="Design Review (publication)">
Design Review (publication)

Design Review was a publication of the Wellington Architectural Centre. The Centre was founded in 1946, and began the first architectural school in Wellington (1947) and the first town planning school in New Zealand (1949). The Centre was unique at the time of its founding in that it invited members interested in a broad range of design and the arts, rather than restricting membership to professional architects and architectural students. Internationally it is one of the oldest organisations of its type. 
Philosophy and Scope.
The Centre began the two-monthly publication of "Design Review" in 1948. The journal addressed design topics as broad as furniture, town planning, theatre and stage design, packaging, church design, book-binding, poster design, industrial design and of course architecture. It hence reflected the Centre's interest in architecture, design and the arts in the broadest sense and was the first journal of its kind in New Zealand. The editorial of April/May 1949 explicitly asked the question "What is Design Review?" answering this by stating that:
"Like everything that has to do with the arts, design cannot be tested for its quality in a laboratory ... The elusive quality that a consensus of opinion agrees to call good design is not to be defined in terms like an axiom in geometry ... So we will leave the making of formulas and rules to those who like that sort of thing ... we shall publish in each number a discussion on some particular object; a house, a chair, a teapot or what have you. The contributor will tell you his or her opinion about the merits or demerits of the way that thing is designed, omitting any waving of the big stick to lay down laws of design. It is for you to decide if you think they are right."
Contributors.
Contributors included Doreen Blumhardt, Helen Hitchings, E.H. McCormick, Odo Strewe, William Toomath, Gordon F. Wilson, Anna Plischke, film maker John O'Shea, writer Alan Mulgan, and photographers John Pascoe and Irene Koppel. Editors of the journal included architects Ernst Plischke, Maurice Patience, and Al Gabites, and well-known artists E. Mervyn Taylor, and Eric Lee-Johnson. The final issue of "Design Review" was in 1954.
Digitisation.
Recently the entire run of the magazine was digitised by the New Zealand Electronic Text Centre (a unit of the library at Victoria University of Wellington) and can be viewed online. 
References.
Marriage, Guy "Doing each other's thing " "Architecture New Zealand" (Jan/Feb 2005) n.1, p.78-79.
"What is Design Review?" "Design Review" (April/May 1949) v. 1, n. 6, p. 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9766320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766320" title="Daniel Weisiger Adams">
Daniel Weisiger Adams

Daniel Weisiger Adams (May 1, 1821 – June 13, 1872) was a lawyer and a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War (Civil War).
Early life and career.
Adams was born in Frankfort, Kentucky, to George Adams and Anna Weisiger Adams. His brother, William Wirt Adams, also was a Confederate Army brigadier general. 
The family moved to Mississippi in 1825. Adams read law and became a lawyer in Mississippi.
He also was a second lieutenant in the Mississippi militia and a member of the Mississippi legislature. Adams killed in a duel a newspaper editor who had criticized his father.
Adams moved to New Orleans, Louisiana in 1852. He became prominent in local political and social circles, and his practice became one of the city's largest. 
Civil War.
With the secession of Louisiana following the 1860 election of Abraham Lincoln as President of the United States, in early 1861 Louisiana Governor Thomas O. Moore appointed Adams a member of the military board created to prepare the state for war. Adams was later appointed a lieutenant colonel of the 1st Louisiana Regulars, or 1st Louisiana Infantry, in the Confederate Army, and was promoted to the rank of colonel on October 30, 1861 after the regiment was sent to Pensacola, Florida.
When his regiment's brigade commander, Brigadier General Adley H. Gladden was killed on the first day of the Battle of Shiloh, Adams assumed command of the brigade. Soon thereafter, Adams was wounded in further fighting at the Hornet's Nest and lost his right eye.
Adams was promoted to brigadier general on May 23. 1862. He led his brigade at the battles of Perryville and Stones River. He was wounded again, in the left arm, at Stones River on December 31, 1862.
Adams returned to duty in early 1863 and led his brigade at the siege of Jackson, Mississippi under General Joseph E. Johnston. Under the command of General Braxton Bragg, Adams's brigade fought at the Chickamauga. Adams's brigade broke through the Union lines on the second day of the battle but they were driven back by Union Army reinforcements. Adams again was wounded, in the left arm, and captured. 
When he recovered sufficiently to return to duty and was exchanged, Adams briefly commanded a cavalry brigade. He subsequently was made the commander of the District of Central Alabama in 1864, and the commander of the State of Alabama, North of Gulf Department in 1865. He took part in the Battle of Selma in 1865, and the Battle of Columbus, Georgia, that same year. 
Postbellum career.
After the war ended, Adams spent some time in England. Then, he resumed the practice of law in New Orleans until his death one June 13, 1872. Daniel Weisiger Adams is buried at Greenwood Cemetery in Jackson, Mississippi next to his brother William Wirt Adams. Daniel Weisiger Adams's gravesite is unmarked but ironically there is a cenotaph tombstone for him in Greenwood's Confederate Section.
Photo.
The photograph labeled as "D.W. Adams" in Francis Miller's "Photograph History of the Civil War" Volume X (which also appears in Find A Grave) is incorrect; it is that of his brother W.W. Adams. The only known photograph {above} of Daniel Weisiger Adams appears in Ezra J. Warner's "Generals In Gray", page 1.

</doc>
<doc id="9766366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766366" title="Soldiers Point, New South Wales">
Soldiers Point, New South Wales

Soldiers Point is a suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. Located on the southern shores of Port Stephens it is almost entirely surrounded by the port and is a popular location for fishing and boating. While primarily residential it, like other suburbs around Port Stephens, is a popular tourist destination, especially in summer months.
Soldiers Point was originally the site of a garrison of soldiers that was established in 1820 to hunt down escaped convicts.

</doc>
<doc id="9766411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766411" title="Get a Life (UK TV series)">
Get a Life (UK TV series)

Get A Life is a Living reality television show hosted by Jodie Marsh, which premiered March 1, 2007. The show consisted of five shy, nervous, unconfident and low self-esteemed participants who want to change their personalities for the better. Each of the five participants is assigned a mentor—someone he or she aspired to be like, at the top of their social ladder, confident, with a positive outlook on life. The mentors' job is to motivate their protégés throughout the show, giving them words of wisdom and encouragement.
It was reported by the website Digital Spy on March 16 that Living had cancelled the show after just two episodes. However a third episode aired on Living2 on March 20.
Format.
The ten contestants reside in a large house for the four-week duration of the show's filming. There are five bedrooms, each one containing a participant and their mentor. The group is regularly driven to various locations and tasked with specialised teamwork-oriented challenges on which they are later graded. Once a week, an expert arrives at the house to teach a "masterclass" on various things the contestants need to improve upon. After four challenges, someone will be asked to leave the house. Each episode is an hour long (including adverts), except for the first episode which was an hour and a half.
Ironically, the contestants are awarded points based on how well they perform in the challenges, and so the person with the least points would logically be the one most in need of the help being given on the show. Yet it is the person with the least points that is dismissed.
The contestants are filmed at all times, and also have access to a diary room in which they can vent their true feelings.
Series 1.
Episode One.
Synopsis.
Aired March 1, 2007. The first episode spanned the first six days in the house. Two challenges were performed, with one masterclass in between. The first challenge was a military-style obstacle course, including swinging over a pool of water on a rope, crawling under barbed wire and climbing a wall. The first masterclass was about general confidence, and saw the participants writing their flaws on six boxes. They then arranged these boxes like a wall that metaphorically stood between them and the rest of their life, and proceeded to demolish that wall. Finally, the second challenge took place in an old Elizabethan home, Kentwell Hall. The contestants were given a tour by its owner Patrick Phillips, after which the participants were each assigned a room in which they had to play the role of tour guide.
Everyone seemed to bond well with their mentors, except for Matty. He and Jermaine were constantly at odds with each other, with Jermaine feeling that Matty wasn't grateful for the help he was providing, and Matty feeling that Jermaine wasn't interested in helping him at all. They appeared to leave things amicably after the second challenge, but at 6 am the next morning Jermaine unexpectedly left the house. Matty was told he would have another mentor, Adrian, by the start of the next challenge.
At the end of the episode, four of the five pairs were in joint second place with 6 points, with Anneka and Pam taking the lead with 9 points.
Episode Two.
Synopsis.
Aired March 8, 2007. The second episode covered days 7 and 8. Comedian Mark Dolan visited to conduct a masterclass on heckling, in which first everyone had to insult each other (in a roleplaying context) and then give as good as they'd received. Then, the contestants split off into their pairs to conduct the following individual roleplaying scenarios:
This episode also gave focus to the possible relationship forming between Paul and Anneka. He told her he liked her as more than a friend, but then confused her by withdrawing. Footage of them both in the diary room at separate times was spliced together to show that they both like each other, but assume those feelings aren't returned because she thinks she's a "loser" and he thinks he's a "minger". Afterwards, Anneka wrote him a love note on the back of a torn up cereal box.
At the end of the episode, Anneka and Pam were still in the lead with 12 points, while Esther and Lucy were lagging behind in last place with 8.
Episode Three.
Synopsis.
Aired March 20, 2007. The third episode covered days 10, 11 and 12. Celebrity stylist Ashley Rossiter visited to conduct a masterclass on style in preparation for the next day's challenge. Unfortunately, Adrian decided that Matty was not what he'd been expecting and that he could not help him. He and Matty went to Jodie, and Adrian confessed he wished to leave. Unfortunately, the show would not provide Matty with a third mentor, and as a result he was asked to leave the house as well. This goes a long way towards explaining why Matty was the only contestant to not be ask to be interviewed for the Living website at the end of the show's filming but then again the show's producers did in fact treat him badly for the short time he was in the house.
The next day, the remaining four mentors were taken to a shopping centre to buy a new wardrobe for their charges. Each had a budget of £100, and needed to get something appropriate for a dinner party to be held that night. They were also tasked with incorporating the style advice given to them the previous day. Meanwhile, the four contestants stayed at the house to receive hair and makeup from a professional stylist. The dinner went well, with almost everyone displaying a previously unseen level of confidence. That night, on Rob had a talk with Paul about his relationship with Anneka, and the possible ramifications it might be having on their level of commitment to the show. The following night, after the challenge's scores had been announced, Paul told her he wanted to "cool down" whatever relationship they'd been having.
At the end of the episode, four of the five pairs were in joint second place with 14 points, while Esther and Lucy were lagging behind in last place with 13. This would have meant Esther's dismissal from the house, but as Matty had already been asked to leave earlier in the episode, she gained a reprieve.
Notes.
Due to poor viewer ratings the show was moved from its prime original slot of Thursdays at 8 pm on Living to Tuesdays at 10.30 pm evening on Living2. Living2 chose to show only one episode on March 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9766421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766421" title="Registrar (education)">
Registrar (education)

A registrar is an official in an academic institution (consisting of a college, university, or secondary school) who handles student records.
Duties and function.
Typically, a registrar processes registration requests, schedules classes and maintains class lists, enforces the rules for entering or leaving classes, and keeps a permanent record of grades and marks. In institutions with selective admission requirements, a student only begins to be in connection with the registrar's official actions after admission.
In the United Kingdom, the term Registrar is usually referred to the head of the University's administration. The role is usually combined with that of Secretary of the University's governing bodies and in these cases, the full title will often be "Registrar and Secretary" (or "Secretary and Registrar") to reflect these dual roles. The University of Cambridge in England uses the archaic spelling of "Registrary" for this office.
Various grades of professional academic-related staff perform senior administrative and managerial roles in such universities on behalf of the Registrar or Head of Department and head subsections of the administration. Titles afforded to such staff include Academic Registrar, Assistant Registrar, Senior Assistant Registrar and Principal Assistant Registrar. 

</doc>
<doc id="9766433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766433" title="Sharpe's Sword (TV programme)">
Sharpe's Sword (TV programme)

"Sharpe's Sword" is a 1995 British television drama, part of a series screened on the ITV network that follows the career of Richard Sharpe, a fictional British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. It is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell, though it is set a year later (1813) than the book.
Plot.
On the French-Spanish frontier, a French patrol led by a colonel of Napoleon's Imperial Guard overtakes a carriage containing a priest and three nuns. The priest is the confessor of El Mirador, Wellington's best secret agent; he is tortured into revealing the spy's identity. Then, he and two of the nuns are killed, but the youngest (Emily Mortimer), a novice, gets away. 
Major Sharpe (Sean Bean) and his riflemen show up and rout the French, taking a captain captive, while the colonel is killed. Sharpe finds a piece of paper filled with cryptic numbers on the prisoner and suspects that his captive is actually the colonel in disguise. However, he is unable to convince his superior, nor his fellow officer, Captain Jack Spears (James Purefoy); the Frenchman is allowed to give his parole and is not imprisoned. The young woman, having lost her faith and being rendered mute by the horror she has witnessed, attaches herself to Sharpe.
Back at camp, Wellington's spymaster, Major Mungo Munro (Hugh Ross), has received word that Napoleon himself has sent Colonel Leroux (Patrick Fierry) of the elite Imperial Guard to capture El Mirador. Munro assigns Sharpe the task of killing the colonel, but refuses to divulge the spy's identity. He sends Sharpe and the South Essex Regiment to the town where El Mirador is based. 
The British already control the place, but there is a French-held fort close by. When the men near the town, a surprise artillery barrage from the fort causes enough confusion to allow the prisoner, who is in fact Leroux, to break his parole and escape to its safety.
Sharpe meets two people, his old enemy Sir Henry Simmerson (Michael Cochrane), now the British representative to the town, and Father Curtis (John Kavanagh), who runs the hospital.
The regiment attacks that night, but the French have been forewarned and the assault is bloodily repulsed. Berkeley is killed at the outbreak of the battle, leaving Sharpe in charge. As Sharpe gains the top of the wall, he is faced by a counterattack led by the escaped French Colonel. After a dirty duel, Sharpe is not only physically wounded, but demoralized at the loss of his sword. While he recovers, he sends for British artillery and orders his most literate rifleman, Harris (Jason Salkey), to decode the message he took from Leroux. During this time, the woman regains her voice and her faith as Sharpe convalesces. In addition, Patrick Harper makes a deal with the Father and promises to get the woman back to the church as well as himself in exchange for a new sword for Sharpe. The new sword revitalizes the wounded Sharpe and prepares him to meet the hated Colonel. 
Harris succeeds in breaking the code. The message unmasks Spears as a traitor (he had been taken captive, tortured, and then blackmailed by Leroux). However, Spears is unable to bring himself to kill El Mirador, who is revealed to be Father Curtis. When the cannon arrives, Sharpe gives the officer the opportunity for an honourable death.
After the fort is softened up by an artillery barrage, Spears charges singlehanded and plants a British flag at the fort's entrance, rousing the morale of the British soldiers, but is killed shortly after. Sharpe and the South Essex then storm the fort. When Leroux tries to surrender, Sharpe offers him a duel to the death instead; if he kills Sharpe, he can go free. Sharpe wins the sword fight.
Taking advantage of Sharpe's absence, Simmerson attempts to rape the novice (who had humiliated him earlier when he had made a crude advance), but is stopped by Father Curtis. The priest accuses Simmerson of warning the French of the first attack; when Simmerson advances on him with sword drawn, Father Curtis, an ex-soldier, unexpectedly draws his own and teaches him a very painful lesson.
Differences from the novel.
The plot of this episode diverges from the novel in a number of substantial ways, particularly concerning some of the main characters.

</doc>
<doc id="9766472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766472" title="Veer Mhaskoba">
Veer Mhaskoba

Veer Mhaskoba is Kaal bhairava an Avatar of the Hindu deity Shiva.
The clan deity of many Hindus, the worship of Kaala Bhairava as Veer Mhaskoba was popularized by the Dhangar caste. He is also worshipped by tribal and pastoral people at Jawali, Mhaswad, Borban and Sonari.
Legend.
Kamlaji Dhangar, a cowherd, lived in the villge of Veer. He escorted his herd, regularly to graze the greener pastures of Sonari and Borban villages. Sonari village, in Belgaum district has been known for its ancient Bhairav Temple. At his sojourn in Sonari, Kamlaji who was an ardent devotee of Lord Bhairava, would secure his cattle in a pen and visit the Lord's temple. He would perform the deity's ablutions, decorate the deity with flowers and leaves from the tarwad shrub. After offering obeisance, Kamlaji would offer a piece of his bhakri to the god. This had become a ritual for Kamlaji. Later ahead in Borban, Kamlaji would secure the cattle in a barn. Find a quiet place to meditate and travel astrally to worship his deity at Sonari, thus continuing his worship without interruptions. After the worship Kamlaji would return to his place of meditation at dawn. This too had become a part of his worship.
Eventually, the residents of Sonari village took notice of the fact that someone visited their deity at night and the dawn. Determined to track who this unknown visitor was, the villagers set up a night watch. Unaware, of this happening, Kamlaji got ready to set for journey to Sonari. At that moment, Lord Bhairava intervened and forbade Kamlaji from visiting Sonari and its temple, fearing that the villagers would harm his beloved devotee. However, Kamlaji who was austere in his worship, replied that he would rather die at the lords feet from the beatings of the villagers than skip worship. The lord was in a dilemma and requested Kamlaji to stay away from the temple and that he, the lord would himself come to visit Kamlaji. To which Kamlaji asked, how would he know the lord has visited? The lord told Kamlaji that a barren, old tree would sprout green new leaves to mark his arrival. Thus convinced Kamlaji decided to stay back and do as the lord suggested. Kamlaji waited till nightfall for the lord to appear, but the lord did not appear. Restless by now, Kamlaji decided to proceed to the village temple and perform worship.
No sooner than Kamlaji decided to leave, a huge snakes with 5 heads appeared amongst the cows. The giant snake coiled around an infertile cow, which then started producing milk and with four of its heads, the snake suckled the cows milk while the fifth head swayed vigilant and majestic in the air. Kamlaji darted towards the barn to see what had scared the other cows. Kamlaji was terrified by what he saw, and began wondering if it was the lord who had arrived as promised. When he turned his attention to a nearby barren tree, the tree miraculously sprouted leaves. Taking this as the cue, Kamlaji quickly offered his turban as a seat for the lord. To which the lord gladly obliged. Kamlaji then proceeded to perform his worship ritual. This association of the lord and Kamlaji remained inconspicuous for 12 years. However, one fine day a villager sneaked into the barn and witnessed this peculiar event. He then ran and tattled the secret to Kamlaji's father. Worried that his son had sought to blackmagic and was petting a giant snake, Kamlaji's father confronted him.
Perplexed by the question and unable to decide if he should deride the lord by calling him a pet, or lie to his father about his worship ritual, Kamlaji remained silent. Later on Kamlaji approached the lord for a solution, to which the lord advised Kamlaji to put his snake form in a mound with a hole in it. Kamlaji did as the lord suggested and later convinced his parents that there is nothing unusual happening. Incidentally the mound happened to be in the field of a Raut Mali, who intended to toil his fertile field and reap a rich harvest of crops. Armed with a till and 12 bulls, the field owner asked a toiler and his accomplice to start toiling the field. Kamlaji requested Raut Mali to toil the field but leave the sacred mound untouched. Raut Mali arrogantly refused to pay heed to Kamlaji's word and ordered the field to be tilled.
This angered the lord and within a trice the 12 bulls and 4 sons of Kamlaji fell dead on the ground. One of the son who manage to escape screamed and gathered the villagers. Soon the Police was summoned to investigate the matter. However when the policman arrived on the spot they found beheaded goats instead of 4 sons. At that instance the spirit of the lord possessed Kamlaji and spoke to villagers and policeman, it announced that Kamlaji was a beloved devotee of himself and that the villagers has brought upon the wrath of the lord by not listening to Kamlaji. However since Kamlaji did not even hesitate to sacrifice his own sons to the lord, the lord was pleased and agreed to restore their lives. The lineage of these 5 sons are well known today as Shingade, Tarde, Burungale, Vhatkar and Dhawan. Further pleased by Kamlaji's devotions, the lord promised to dwell in the Veer Village henceforth. Thus the lord Mhaskoba and incarnation of bhairav came to be worshiped by the villagers and other folks all around Maharastra.
Further ahead of Kamlaji's time, yet another ardent devotee called "Tulaji Badade Patil" from Kodit Budruk village, of Purandhar Taluka, Pune district earned the blessings of Mhaskoba Maharaj. As a result his village is always venered during the annual veer Mhaskoba Maharaj pilgrimage, held every February (Magh Pournima).
Millions of devotees who have experienced the blessings of Mhaskoba Maharaj, testify that worshiping Mhaskoba Maharaj with utomost devotion fulfills all their wishes.
Temple.
The deity is worshipped at the temple of Veer Mhaskoba situated in Veer village, on the banks of river Purnaganga, 26 km. to the south of a village Sasvad.

</doc>
<doc id="9766478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766478" title="One Mile, New South Wales">
One Mile, New South Wales

One Mile is a suburb of the Port Stephens local government area in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. The suburb is semi-rural with a small urban settlement west of Gan Gan Road and a number of caravan parks to the east of Gan Gan Road. The parks are positioned to provide quick access to the suburb's two beaches.
One Mile Beach, after which the area was named, is a family-friendly surf beach that is popular with tourists while Samurai Beach is clothing optional. Both beaches, like a large percentage of the locality, lie within the Tomaree National Park. The beaches form most of the coastline in Anna Bay which gave the adjacent suburb of Anna Bay its name.
Although the suburb is formally called One Mile residents often refer to it as One Mile Beach. Even some road signs identify the area incorrectly as One Mile Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="9766497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766497" title="Chinese ship Fu Po">
Chinese ship Fu Po

The Fu Po (Chinese:, "Fu-p'o") was a vessel of the Imperial Chinese Navy during the Sino-French War, where she was part of the Fujian Fleet under Zhang Peilun. She was present at the Battle of Fuzhou on 23 August 1884, where the Chinese fleet was defeated by the French Far East Squadron under Admiral Amédée Courbet. "Fu Po" was one of only two Chinese ships to escape destruction, sailing up river before the French could engage them.

</doc>
<doc id="9766514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9766514" title="William Jethro Brown">
William Jethro Brown

William Jethro Brown (29 March 1868 – 27 May 1930) was an Australian jurist and professor of law.
Early life.
Brown was the son of James Brown, a farmer, and his wife Sophia Jane, "née" Torr, and was born at Mintaro, South Australia. Brown was educated at Stanley Grammar School, Watervale, South Australia, and taught for a while at Moonta Mines State School. He then studied at St John's College, Cambridge, graduating in 1890 with a double first class in the law tripos. He was called to the bar of the Middle Temple in 1891 and elected Macmahon student at St John's College in 1892.
Law career.
In 1893 Brown was appointed professor of law and modern history at the University of Tasmania and held this position until 1900 (apart from 1898 when he acted as professor of law in the University of Sydney). In 1898 he published as a pamphlet "Why Federate", which had been read before the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science. It was a crucial year for the cause of Federation, and Brown did good service in pointing out that the difficulties were mostly of a mechanical character. In 1899 appeared his thoughtful study "The New Democracy", and in 1900 he left Australia to become professor of constitutional law and history at University College London. In the following year he was appointed professor of comparative law at the University College of Wales. He was examiner for the Cambridge law tripos 1902–1905, and for the University of London from 1905–1906. In 1906 he became professor of law at the University of Adelaide, holding the position for 10 years. His "The Austinian Theory of Law", an edition with critical notes and excursus of lectures I, V and VI of Austin's "Jurisprudence" and of his "Essay on the Uses of the Study of Jurisprudence", was published in 1906 and was reprinted several times. In 1912 he published "The Underlying Principles of Modern Legislation", which was welcomed as a real contribution to political thought; a fifth edition appeared in April 1917. In this volume Brown points out that the likelihood of greatly increased state activity in the future throws a great responsibility on the teacher and the brains and character of the community; and that problems will arise that will demand enlightened statesmanship no less than reforming zeal. Brown did not attempt to set out his own view's on the settlements of particular problems. The book was planned as a university textbook, and he held that the writer in a book of that kind "ought to be careful in expressing personal opinions about problems of which the precise solution is very debatable". Next appeared the volume "The Prevention and Control of Monopolies", where he is more constructive, but always endeavours to hold the scales evenly. He was appointed president of the industrial court of South Australia in 1916 and showed great industry, courtesy and ability in carrying out his duties. His experiences as chairman of the sugar commission in 1912–14 and on other occasions as chairman of the price regulations commission, the foodstuffs commission, and the gas commission, enabled. him to gain much knowledge of the conditions in industry. 
Late life and legacy.
Brown's health began to fail and in July 1927 he resigned his position. He died at Adelaide of pneumonia on 27 May 1930. Brown held the LLD. degree of the University of Cambridge, and received the degree of Litt. D. from the University of Dublin for his The New Democracy. Brown married Aimée Loth in 1900 who survived him with a son, the marriage was a dismal one. Brown also contributed a long essay "The Judicial Regulation of Industrial Conditions" to "Australia, Economic and Political Studies", edited by Meredith Atkinson. He also wrote largely for the reviews, including the Law Quarterly Review, the Hibbert Journal, the International Journal of Ethics, the Westminster Review, the Independent Review, the Juridical Review, the Columbia Law Review and the Yale Law Journal. 

</doc>
