<doc id="9808266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808266" title="List of multiple births">
List of multiple births

This is a list of multiple births, consisting of notable higher order (4+) multiple births and pregnancies. Twins and triplets are sufficiently common to have their own separate articles. With the use of reproductive technology such as fertility drugs and in vitro fertilization (IVF) such births have become increasingly common. This list contains only multiple births which have some claim to notability, such as being the first recorded in a country, the first to survive to adulthood in a country, heaviest, lightest or longest lived (globally), etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="9808271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808271" title="Bang Face">
Bang Face

Bang Face (often referred to as BangFace) is a regular electronic dance music event that has been taking place at various venues across the UK since 2003. Starting as a monthly club night in London, it has grown to include an annual three-day weekender at Camber Sands and Newquay, a boat party on the River Thames, as well as guest shows at festivals such as Glastonbury. In 2013 Bang Face celebrates its 10th birthday.
Description.
Bang Face is known for its fun and creative party atmosphere featuring inflatables being bounced above the crowd, banners bearing comedic slogans and fancy dress themes. A photo feature illustrating this appeared in the Observer Magazine. It is this atmosphere that has become Bang Face’s unique signature with Time Out London claiming that the 2009 Weekender would “make Bestival look like f***ing ‘Question Time’". Bang Face hosts a wide range of electronic dance music.
Bang Face normally themes its events using historical references to significant events falling on the same day, for example a James Bond-themed fancy dress code for an event coinciding with Roger Moore's birthday party.
London events.
Bang Face began as a monthly club night in London and quickly became increasing popular with a resurgence in electronic dance music. Whilst supporting mainly new and upcoming artists, Bang Face began to gain attention in the media. It appeared top of the recommended club features in publications such as NME’s ‘Top clubs to get your rocks off’ and The Guardian Guide: “Bang Face celebrates its third birthday with luminaries Venetian Snares, A Guy Called Gerald and Hellfish to unleash all manner of mayhem”. Bang Face also holds an annual boat party on the River Thames.
Weekenders.
After five years of monthly club nights Bang Face launched the first Weekender in 2008, held over three days at Pontins in Camber Sands. Following the success of this event it has now become an annual event. A fly poster for the first Weekender appeared in Channel 4's Shameless as a stage prop.
From 2012 onwards, the Bang Face Weekender is held at Trevelgue Holiday Park, Newquay, Cornwall.
Festivals.
Bang Face began to host showcase events at UK festivals, starting with The Glade in 2006. In 2010 it hosted a night at the Glastonbury Festival for the first time, which was ranked ninth in a Daily Telegraph columnist's Top 10 highlights of the festival. BangFace returned to Glastonbury in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9808278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808278" title="List of 7-foot gauge railway locomotive names">
List of 7-foot gauge railway locomotive names

This is a list of the names of broad gauge railway locomotives built in the United Kingdom during the heyday of that gauge (which ended in that country by 1892 with the final triumph of standard gauge). Throughout the history of railways many locomotives have been named (just as many have been numbered, and many have borne both a name and a number), but Britain's Great Western Railway, the prime exponent of the broad gauge, was noted for being an enthusiastic namer throughout its long existence, and perhaps less interested in numbering - although all locomotives carried numbers.
The name of the first locomotive of a batch was often the name by which the whole class was known, such as "Fire Fly" or "Victoria".
As with other named locomotives, broad-gauge ones drew their names from a wide variety of sources. As well as the many names from Greek, Roman and other mythologies, locomotives were named after famous people, literature, flora, fauna, towns, and geographical features, as well as imagery suggestive of speed and power:
Key
This list covers the broad gauge locomotives of the following railways:

</doc>
<doc id="9808291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808291" title="Mario Chanes de Armas">
Mario Chanes de Armas

Mario Chanes de Armas (October 25, 1927 in Havana, Cuba – February 24, 2007 in Hialeah, Florida) was a former Cuban revolutionary and ally of Fidel Castro. He was a veteran of the attack on the Moncada barracks in July 1953 and served time in Batista's New Model Prison on the Isle of Pines with fellow revolutionary Fidel Castro. After Castro's rise to power, he was labeled an enemy of the regime and imprisoned for almost 30 years.
Background.
Chanes de Armas was one of a number of revolutionaries closely aligned to Castro during the battle against the Fulgencio Batista regime in Cuba, that felt that the influence of the Communist party of Cuba was threatening to betray Castro's initial promises of constitutional reform.
As Castro continued to reject calls for elections in the months after the revolution, opining that they would usher in a return to "the old discredited system of corrupt parties and fraudulent balloting which marked the Batista era", Chanes de Armas became increasingly active in the opposition movement against the new government. For these activities he was sentenced and imprisoned on charges of "counter-revolution".
According to "The Economist"'s obituary of de Armas:
""In 1961 he returned to the Isle of Pines. His crime was “counter-revolution”. He was said to have tried to assassinate Mr Castro, but he denied that he had ever been enlisted. The falling-out was personal and ideological. His face had now been airbrushed out of the photographs in which he smiled as Fidel's friend."
"Prison was much less comfortable than before. That spring the Isle of Pines had been sown with dynamite, linked up to the wiring system in the prison, so that any American attempt to rescue the prisoners would blow them to smithereens. It was, Mr Chanes de Armas remembered, “like sleeping on a powder keg”. Prisoners—in 1961, around 6,000 of them—were meant to submit to communist “re-education”; he became the leader of those who resisted. He refused to wear the blue uniform of a common criminal, instead going naked or in underpants. He took part in forced labour as slowly as he could, digging ditches or chopping up blocks of marble in the fierce, dripping Cuban heat. For weeks at a time he was put in tapiadas, steel isolation cells, and gavetas, “drawers”, so narrow that he could only stand. He and his followers were called plantados, planted squarely—though sparsely—as trees across Mr Castro's path."
"He was in prison for one day short of 30 years.""
It's been argued that Chanes de Armas was imprisoned longer than any political prisoner anywhere. In 1993 he was permitted to leave for Miami. He died on February 24, 2007, aged 80. In a number of respects his life story resembles that of Gustavo Arcos - another veteran of the attack on Moncada Barracks.
Notes and references.
Please use the following to generate the needed footnotes:
Citing websites:
Citing books:
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_templates for a complete list of citation templates.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation and more information of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="9808293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808293" title="ILAsm">
ILAsm

ILAsm (IL Assembler) generates a portable executable (PE) file from Common Intermediate Language (CIL) code. It is not to be confused with NGEN (Native Image Generator), which is the JIT compiler for the Microsoft .NET Framework.

</doc>
<doc id="9808306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808306" title="Park Sung-hwan">
Park Sung-hwan

Park Sung-hwan (Hangul: 박성환; Hanja: 朴成煥; born September 4, 1984 in Jeju-do) is a male badminton player from South Korea. Park is the top-ranked men's singles player in South Korea and has succeeded at an international level, winning individual medals at both the 2010 World Championships and the 2010 Asian Games.
Career.
2004-2007.
In 2005, Park won the Indonesia International and then competed at the 2007 BWF World Championships in the men's singles division; for the latter, he was defeated in the third round by Chen Yu, of the China, with a final score of: 15-21, 21-16, 21-15.
2008.
In 2008, Park competed in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China, but was unable to move beyond the first round and second rounds. He was defeated by Taufik Hidayat, Lee Hyun-il, Sho Sasaki (Japan), Lee Chong Wei (Malaysia) and the world number one player at the time, Lin Dan (China). During this year, Park won the Badminton Asia Championships and the Korea International Challenge titles, beating China's Chen Jin (21-18, 21-18) and South Korean, Lee Cheol Ho (21-14, 21-13) respectively.
2009.
Park entered the Proton Malaysian Open, held in January, and played the world number one-ranked player at the time, Lee Chong Wei, in the final—Park lost with a score of 14-21, 13-21. The following week, Park joined the Korea Open Super Series and was again stopped by the number-one seed, Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia, with a score of 21-18, 7-21, 16-21 in the quarter-final match. Park skipped the All England Open Super Series and the Wilson Swiss Open Super Series, both held in March. 
In May, he entered the Li Ning Sudirman Cup, held in China. The Sudirman Cup was a team competition and the South Korean team reached the final in which they played against the Chinese team. Park Sung-hwan was defeated in the final, with a score of 14-21, 18-21, in a match against the Olympic champion, Lin Dan, and lost one point for his team. The South Korean team was eventually awarded the silver medal, having lost 0-3 to China. 
Park then participated in the Aviva Singapore Open Super Series in April, where he reached the semi-finals. Boonsak Ponsana, from Thailand, eventually won the tournament, beating Park with a score of 19-21, 21-18, 13-21. A week later, Park joined the Djarum Indonesia Open Super Series and lost to the world number one, Lee Chong Wei, 9-21, 13-21, in the quarter-final match. Two months later, Park entered the Chinese Taipei Grand Prix Gold Open, which is held in the last week of August, and was beaten by Muhammad Hafiz Hashim from Malaysia, 15-21, 18-21, again in the quarter-final match. Two weeks later, Park was to be defeated again in the quarter-final matches of the Li Ning China Masters Super Series in Changzhou, China (to 4th seed badminton ace Lin Dan of China, 15-21, 21-13, 21-23), and the Japan Open Super Series (to Indonesian, Taufik Hidayat, 21-12, 26-28, 15-21). 
In November, Park participated in the Yonex Sunrise Hong Kong Open and lost 15-21, 16-21, against Hong Kong player, Chan Yan Kit, in the second round. Park's next event was the China Open Super Series, held in Shanghai, China, where he reached the semi-final round and lost to the 2009 World Badminton Championships champion, Lin Dan; the final score was 10-21, 11-21.
2010.
Park entered the Super Series tournament of the Korea Open, which is held in January, and was eliminated in the quarter-final stage by Denmark's Peter Gade, 21-17, 16-21, 20-22. Park then lost 16-21, 17-21, to Du Pengyu from China in the first round of the Malaysia Open. In March, at the All England Open, Park lost in the second round, 5-21, 10-21, to 6th seed, Bao Chunlai of China, after defeating Japan's Sho Sasaki, 21-13 21-11, in the opening round. The All England Open was followed by the Wilson Swiss Open, held at the Basel Stadium in Switzerland, and after defeating Lithuania's Kestutis Navickas, 21-13, 21-13, in the opening round, Park lost to Dane, Peter Gade, in straight games: 15-21, 16-21. 
In May, Park returned to Malaysia for the 2010 Proton Thomas & Uber Cup Finals, held in the capital city, Kuala Lumpur. Park again was beaten by China's Lin Dan, 18-21, 23-25, in the second round and had conceded one point for his team. In the quarter-final match, Park played against Dan once again and lost 16-21, 15-21. Meanwhile, his team members also lost to the other Chinese players. The final score was 0-3 in favour of the Chinese team. 
In August, Park's entered the 2010 BWF World Championships, where he made it through to the semi-final, registering a win against Lin Dan, 21-13 21-13, in the quarter-final. However, Indonesia's Taufik Hidayat later defeated Park with a score of 10-21, 20-22, in the last four; Park emerged with the bronze medal. After the world championships, Park played in the China Masters Super Series in Changzhou, China, in September. On this occasion, he lost to Lin Dan, 11-21, 17-21, in the opening round. Park then entered the Japan Open Super Series and was again matched up against Lin Dan following a victory in the second round. In the final eight, Park was knocked out by Lin Dan, 20-22, 16-21.
The Asian Games team challenge was held in November in Guangzhou, China. Park represented Korea in the finals, meeting Lin Dan on yet another occasion, and, again, lost with a score of 21-19, 16-21, 18-21. The Korean team eventually won the silver medal, losing 1-3 to the Chinese team. In the individual match section of the Asian Games, Park faced Lin Dan in the semi-finals and was defeated 14-21, 10-21, winning a bronze medal for Korea. The next month, Park joined the China Open Super Series in Shanghai and defeated China's Wang Zhengming in the opening round with a score of 21-5, 11-21, 21-17. In the second round, Park lost to 5th seed, Chen Long of China, 12-21, 16-21, signaling the South Korean's exit from the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9808307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808307" title="Sopot, Albania">
Sopot, Albania

Sopot is a small region in north-east Albania. It is also a village (Stravaj municipality) and mountain with the same name.
The area is rich in natural attraction, with a huge turistic potential for the future. Between them: the Gostima Waterfall, carstic caves, woods, a rich flora and fauna, and local characteristic etnoculture.
According to a folkloric legend, during the Ottoman invasion of this mountainous part of Albania, women with their children flew from the castle's wall so as not to surrender to the Ottomans.
Sopot, or the definite form (), also refers to the football team of the city of Librazhd, where the Sopot mountain and county are located.

</doc>
<doc id="9808316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808316" title="Robert Wedderburn (statistician)">
Robert Wedderburn (statistician)

Robert William Maclagan Wedderburn (1947–1975) was a Scottish statistician who worked at the Rothamsted Experimental Station. He was co-developer, with John Nelder, of the generalized linear model methodology,
and then expanded this subject to develop the idea of quasi-likelihood.
Wedderburn was born in Edinburgh, where he attended Fettes College, then studied for a degree and a diploma in statistics at the University of Cambridge. He died aged 28 of anaphylactic shock from an insect bite while on a canal holiday.
""His colleagues remember him as someone of engaging diffidence, who would nonetheless hold his own in argument when he was sure he was right (as he usually was)."" — John Nelder

</doc>
<doc id="9808325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808325" title="Courser (horse)">
Courser (horse)

A courser is a swift and strong horse, frequently used during the Middle Ages as a warhorse. It was ridden by knights and men-at-arms.
Coursers are commonly believed to be named for their running gait, (from Old French "cours", 'to run'.). However, the word possibly derived from the Italian "corsiero", meaning 'battle horse'.
Coursers in warfare.
The courser was more common than the destrier, and preferred for hard battle as they were light, fast and strong. They were valuable horses, but less expensive than the highly prized destrier. Another horse commonly ridden during war was the rouncey, which was an all-purpose horse.
Other uses.
Coursers were also used occasionally for hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="9808362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808362" title="Closer (band)">
Closer (band)

Closer is an acoustic indie pop band from The Netherlands. Its band members are Roel Kessels as guitarist and lead vocalist, and Thomas van Geelen as cello player and backing vocalist. The band was formed in September 2006 by Kessels who had been performing as a singer/songwriter under the same artistic name. 
History.
Closer started out as a dream of singer/songwriter Roel Kessels. Inspired by many great artists like Damien Rice and Elliott Smith he already wrote and recorded songs on his own. This filled him with much satisfaction, but he also felt there was something missing. After seeing the movie Closer (film), with Damien Rice's song 'The Blower's Daughter' accompanying the ending, he got inspired to enhance his music with bowed strings.
A couple of years later he met Thomas on the train. Thomas played the cello, and it wouldn't be long before they started playing together and planned their first gig.
Closer is now Roel Kessels as guitarist and lead vocalist, and Thomas van Geelen on the cello, singing an occasional second. They had their first gig together with Lotte, who plays the violin. Lotte still plays with them every now and then, but most of the time you'll find them playing by twos.
They started performing at small venues in Tilburg and Breda, and even on some small festivals in Breda (Troubadourfestival and Bluesfestival). In 2007 Closer won the Amsterdam Student Festival (Amsterdamsstudentenfestival.nl).

</doc>
<doc id="9808364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808364" title="The United States Patent Association">
The United States Patent Association

The United States Patent Association was a non-governmental organization active in the United States in the late 19th century. Their purpose was to promote the benefits of patents for society. Association membership comprised US patent examiners, patent agents and attorneys and inventors. Their activities included having meetings, giving public presentations and publishing essays.
Modern stock scams using the name of the United States Patent Association.
Certain promoters of stocks claim that their companies have “patents registered with the Untied(sic) States Patent Association”. This is a meaningless designation because:

</doc>
<doc id="9808368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808368" title="Kendall &amp; Sons Ltd">
Kendall &amp; Sons Ltd

Kendall and Sons Limited was an umbrella, rainwear and ladies wear company founded in 1870, it was bought by Combined English Stores in 1977, and subsequently by Hepworths, a Leeds based menswear company. It was then converted into the Next ladieswear chain.
History.
Kendall and Sons was founded by William Wheeler Kendall in 1870. Born 1849, he came from a farming family near Market Harborough in Leicestershire who decided to travel to Leicester to find his fortune. He started selling umbrellas from a barber's shop in Northampton Street, and then manufactured them using Fox frames. The company expanded to over 100 stores by the 1960s and its umbrellas were sold the world over. On many occasions it supplied umbrellas to particular specifications to protect members of the Royal Family, and even supplied 5 umbrellas to the 1952 expedition which successfully conquered Everest.
In 1932 the company moved into purpose built factory on Charles Street, Leicester specifically designed with an eye to greater efficiency and staff comfort. Indeed special care was always given to the welfare of the staff. The company was one of the first to institute the tea-break with the tea provided free (15 minutes or 20 minutes during overtime) and a staff canteen. Between the wars one and a half hours was allowed for lunch after a poll of the staff to see whether they preferred working later and enjoying a longer dinner 'hour'. Regular staff trips took place with Kendall's taking the entire factory staff to destinations such as Cleethorpes, Skegness and Kenilworth.
During the 20th century Kendall's continued to manufacture umbrellas, but also developed rainwear and ladies clothing retail lines. During the 2nd world war it manufactured machintoshes for the army as well as using the skills in handling silk built up over 70 years of the umbrella manufacturing to produce parachutes.
The main emphasis of the Kendall's sales and marketing throughout its history was quality and high standards, and as such advertised in quality publications like Vogue, and it used the model Twiggy for photo shoots of its clothing ranges in the 1960s. It also regularly bought the entire front page of The Daily Mail. This was usually around St Swithin's day when it was said that if it rained then it would rain for the next 40 days. One such page was on 14 July 1927 where readers were urged to buy a Kendall's umbrella in exchange for a 'free' Kendella Weather House.
The company remained in family ownership until 1977 when it was bought by Combined English Stores. In 1981 it was sold to Hepworth and Sons a tailors company from Leeds, who embarked on converting all the Kendall stores to the Next brand. This was completed by 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9808385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808385" title="Panapillai Amma">
Panapillai Amma

Panapillai Amma was the title held by the consort of the ruling Maharajah of Travancore. Its literal translation is 'royal consort' since as per the formerly existent matriarchal system in Travancore, the Maharajah's sister, and not his wife, was the Maharani. Thus the wife, a non-royal, took the title of Panapillai Amma. The Panapillai Amma's were from families of the Thampi caste of the Nair nobility. The Maharajahs married these Thampi ladies through the Sambandham form of wedlock known as "Pattum Parivattavum".
Families from where Maharajas got married are known as ""Ammaveedus"". "Arumana Ammaveedu, Vadasseri Ammaveedu, Nagercoil Ammaveedu, Thiruvattar Ammaveedu," etc. are some of the prominent Ammaveedus in Trivandrum from where the Maharajas of Travancore married. The Kings of Travancore traditionally took wives from Ammaveedus and such Royal consorts, known as "Ammachis" would get the additional title of "Panapillai Amma". If at all another lady from outside the Ammaveedu's was to be married to the King, she would be adopted to one of the Ammaveedus first and then wed to the King. This was the case in the marriage of Maharajah Swathi Thirunal, Maharajah Ayilyam Thirunal and Maharajah Moolam Thirunal.

</doc>
<doc id="9808391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808391" title="Rouncey">
Rouncey

The term rouncey (also spelt rouncy or rounsey) was used during the Middle Ages to refer to an ordinary, all-purpose horse. They were used for riding, but could also be trained for war. It was not unknown for them to be used as pack horses.
Use in warfare.
While the destrier is the most well-known warhorse of the Medieval era, it was the least common, and coursers were often preferred for hard battles. They were both expensive, highly trained horses prized by knights and nobles, and the poorer knight, squire or man-at-arms would use a rouncey for fighting. A wealthy knight would provide rounceys for his retinue.
Sometimes the expected nature of warfare dictated the choice of horse; when a summons to war was sent out in England, in 1327, it expressly requested rounceys, for swift pursuit, rather than destriers.

</doc>
<doc id="9808394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808394" title="Warnborough College">
Warnborough College

The name Warnborough is associated with several related institutions of higher education existing from 1973 to the present, including Warnborough College Oxford, Warnborough College UK, Warnborough College Ireland and Warnborough University, some of which are no longer in operation. Warnborough College UK provides educational programmes both on-site in Canterbury, England, and by distance learning. Warnborough College Ireland offers distance-learning programmes from Ireland.
History.
1973–1996: Oxford.
Warnborough College was founded in Oxford, England, in 1973 by Brenden Tempest-Mogg, an Australian who had attended Hertford College University of Oxford in 1970. Warnborough College was not affiliated with the University of Oxford. It offered study abroad programmes and catered largely to American undergraduate and graduate students spending a semester or year abroad as part of their academic programme. Other offerings included Warnborough College International Summer Schools and a venue for summer conferences. It was originally founded on Warnborough Road in North Oxford and in 1976 moved to Yatscombe Hall at Boars Hill, about four miles south from the city of Oxford. The Boars Hill facilities included a lodge for the teaching staff and two Victorian Gothic mansions, one used as the women's dorm and one used as a men's dorm and for classes.
In 1985, Warnborough College began the Warnborough Australian Studies Programmes for studies in Sydney and Brisbane, Australia.
1997–2005: London and Canterbury.
In 1997 Warnborough University was registered as a limited company in Ireland, directed by Brenden Tempest-Mogg and Kee Guan Ng, a Malaysian national with a registered branch office in the United Kingdom. It initially operated an office in London and later moved to Canterbury in 2001. It offered graduate and undergraduate residential and non-residential degrees in liberal arts, scientific and professional studies. In November 2005 Ireland's Department of Education and Science said that Warnborough University in Ireland was in breach of the Universities Act 1997 by calling itself a university and requested that they not use the word "university". Earlier in 2005, the inclusion of Warnborough and other unauthorized degree providers on a UK Department for Education and Skills (DFES) list of "genuine" education providers was described as an "embarrassment" to DFES.
Affiliates.
Saint Theresa's Medical University was an unaccredited institution in St. Kitts that the Oregon Office of Degree Authorization identified as being jointly operated with Warnborough.
In the early 2000s Warnborough University generated controversy in Australia because neither Warnborough nor any of its consortium partners through which it was offering graduate and undergraduate degrees were accredited to do so. The Australian state of New South Wales included Warnborough on a list of five "unrecognized universities".
Up to October 2012 the Oregon Office of Degree Authorization named Warnborough in its listing of unaccredited universities, with its then administrator, Alan Contreras, characterising Warnborough College as "a diploma mill that has managed to move back and forth between Britain and Ireland for decades without either government's being able to put an end to it."
United Kingdom college.
Warnborough College UK is located in Canterbury, Kent.
Offerings.
Warnborough College UK issues certificates and diplomas in a number of university foundational subjects and short-course vocational and personal enrichment subjects.
Warnborough College UK offers the following programmes:
Accreditation.
Warnborough College UK is accredited by the Accreditation Service for International Colleges and is designated as an "ASIC Premier College". Warnborough UK is an accredited training provider for distance-education and onsite bookkeeping courses leading to Level 1 and Level 2 certification from the Institute of Certified Bookkeepers. Warnborough College UK is an accredited training provider for the Association of Business Executives (ABE) and offers certificate and diploma tuition services by distance-learning or onsite covering business management and tourism and hospitality. In April 2012, Warnborough UK was inspected by the Independent Schools Inspectorate (ISI) for Private Further Education reporting to the UK Department of Education and the United Kingdom Border Agency (UKBA) that it "met expectations for the quality of education". In 2012, Warnborough College was accredited by the British Council for the teaching of English.
Irish college.
Warnborough College Ireland is located in Dublin. From 2006 to 2008, it rented offices from All Hallows College in Drumcondra but All Hallows said it would not renew Warnborough's lease after August 2008. In February 2008, the Irish Independent reported that All Hallows officials were concerned about the college's presence on All Hallows' grounds. At All Hallows' request, Warnborough removed photographs of All Hallows from its website.
Offerings.
The college offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in a variety of disciplines, principally by distance learning. According to its website it offers the following degrees:
Accreditation.
Warnborough College Ireland is accredited by the Accreditation Service for International Colleges (ASIC) as a ‘Premier Institution’. ASIC assesses the content and standards of a curriculum, the quality of instruction, and the reliability of testing, but the service "neither confers nor validates degree-awarding powers." 
Warnborough College Ireland courses are not recognised by Ireland's Department of Education, the Higher Education and Training Awards Council (HETAC) or the National Qualifications Authority of Ireland (NQAI). In February 2008, Sean O'Foghlu, chief executive of NQAI told the "Irish Independent" that because Warnborough College is not a recognised higher education institution or awarding body the qualifications are "effectively worthless".
In July 2008, HETAC denied the college's application for accreditation. Warnborough sought leave to take judicial review of the denial but withdrew its appeal in November 2008 after HETAC agreed to permit Warnborough to submit a new accreditation application.
Up to October 2012 Warnborough College Ireland was not authorised to offer degrees in Oregon.
Controversy.
In 1995 it was alleged by several American students that Warnborough misled them into believing it was affiliated with Oxford University. When students discovered that Warnborough had no connection with Oxford University about fifteen or twenty of them immediately withdrew from the college with some intending to sue for refunds. The college denied that it had claimed any association with Oxford University.
Although the college continued to deny any misrepresentation, Oxford University threatened Warnborough College with a lawsuit over these alleged misrepresentations and the Washington State Higher Education Coordinating Board sued Warnborough. The lawsuit resulted in a judgement against Warnborough College by the Superior Court of King County, Washington of nearly $300,000.
On 4 October 1995 the United States Department of Education took emergency action against and then, in 1996, terminated the eligibility of Warnborough College to participate in the federal student financial assistance programmes under Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 on the basis that it was not a degree-granting foreign institution; its credits were not freely transferable to eligible US universities; and it had no eligible one-year vocational programmes. It also fined the college $40,000 for failing to make refunds to students in accord with Title IV and for misrepresentations to students.
Hertford College was reported to be pursuing legal action against Warnborough College to recover a property rental debt of 6,000 pounds. Other creditors hired a private detective to track down the principals after they returned to Australia. The Boars Hill properties were repossessed by creditors and its corporate owner, Oxford International Educational Enterprises Ltd, directed by brothers Brenden and Daryl Tempest-Mogg and their mother, Ethel Tempest-Mogg, was wound up in a petition by the Inland Revenue. In the summer of 1996, Warnborough relocated temporarily to offices rented from New Road Baptist Church in central Oxford. The Tempest-Moggs returned to Australia in July 1996 and the New Road office closed in August 1996. In October 1996 Warnborough went into liquidation.
Notable alumni.
Notable former students of Warnborough College Oxford include former surgeon and businessman Kneeland Youngblood.

</doc>
<doc id="9808398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808398" title="Chetan Anand (badminton)">
Chetan Anand (badminton)

Chetan Anand Buradagunta is a badminton player from India. Chetan Anand was a four time National Badminton champion in 2004, 2007, 2008 and 2010. He has a career best world ranking of world no 11. His Ranking has dropped to 54 since October 2010 due to his Ankle injury. He is also the recipient of the prestigious Indian Arjuna Award.
Badminton career.
Chetan started his Badminton career in 1992 at the Mini Nationals in Mumbai. Chetan was successful in doubles in his early badminton career, pairing with A. Prithvi, winning 12 year and 15 years age groups. He reached his first open nationals singles final in Kerala at age fifteen, but failed to win the title and was runner-up though he won the doubles pairing with A. Prithvi. Later, Prakash Padukone sent him to the World Academy camp in Kuala Lumpur, Malayasia, where he made significant improvements to his game. Chetan won the first singles title of his career at Chennai in a Junior major ranking tournament. The same year he made his mark in the senior category as well, reaching the semifinals in all of the senior ranking tournaments, and reaching the top eight in the country. He became the Junior National Champion in 1999. In 2001 he won his first Asian Satellite tournament in Bangalore which marked his beginning in Seniors. Later he won more than 15 major ranking tournaments in India. 
He became the National Badminton Champion for first time in 2004 after faltering in the finals in 2002 and 2003 to Abhinn Shyam Gupta. He also won the Toulouse Open in France in 2004, recovering from a back injury during the summer 2004. In 2005 he won Irish and Scottish open badminton tournaments in Ireland and Scotland. In 2008 he won his first Grand Prix title at the Bitburger Open. He was also the Runner-up in Dutch Grand Prix in 2008 and followed them with a couple of quarterfinal appearances. He touched his career best world ranking 10 in 2009 February. In 2009 he won the Dutch Open Grand Prix which he lost in the finals in 2008. He also won the Jaypee Syed Modi Memorial Grand Prix at Lucknow in December 2009.
Personal life.
Chetan Anand was born on July 8, 1980 to Harshavardhan and Suguna in Vijayawada, India and has a younger brother Sandeep Anand. Chetan's father Harshavardhan had formerly been an annual participant in the Inter-state Lecturer's Tournaments. Chetan also took a personal interest in badminton, and he started playing with his father. He did his schooling at Veeramachineni Paddayya Siddhartha public school and bachelors in engineering in Mechanical Manufacturing from the Potluri V Prasad Siddhartha Institute of Technology in Vijayawada. On 17 July 2005, Chetan Anand married fellow badmintion player Jwala Gutta. They filed for a divorce on 29 November 2010. Chetan got married again to Sarada Govardhini Jasti. He is employed by the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) as an senior executive engineer. He was signed as first Brand Ambassador for promoting Li Ning Sporting goods in India in 2009.
Record Against Selected Opponents.
Results are from all international competitions since Chetan Anand made his debut in 2003. The athletes listed are athletes who regularly competed at badminton's major competitions, including those who he faced at the World Championship and Olympic competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9808401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808401" title="Norman C. Stiles">
Norman C. Stiles

Norman C. Stiles (born June 18, 1834, Feeding Hills, Agawam, Massachusetts) was an American inventor.
Youth.
His father was an industrious farmer, a raiser of tobacco, and also engaged in the manufacture and sale of whip lashes, an important article of manufacture at that period. When Stiles was but five years of age, his father lost his property, and the son was thus deprived of the educational facilities and other opportunities enjoyed by most boys his age. The inventive genius and mechanical taste were early developed in the lad, and when but ten years of age he had thoroughly investigates the "true inwardness" of a clock, by taking it apart and putting it together again, leaving it in good running order. When he was but 12 years of age he built an ell to his father's house, doing all the work alone, including the painting. He constructed various other devices about this time, displaying remarkable mechanical ability as well as inventiveness. He made a miniature steam engine and fire engine, and constructed a violin. 
At the age of 16, he removed to Meriden, CT, and engaged with his brother in the manufacture of tinware; but this gave him no opportunity to develop his mechanical tastes, and he soon after became connected with the American Machine Works, at Springfield, Massachusetts, where he remained until he was of age. He subsequently engaged himself to a Mr. Osgood, who was a contractor for the Holyoke Machine Company. He soon after returned to Meriden, Connecticut, and entered the employ of Snow, Brooks & Company, which had become known as Parker Brothers & Company by the late 1800s. He was employed in making dies, and other small work requiring great skill and ingenuity. This experience proved of great value to him. He subsequently entered the employ of Edward Miller & Company, Meriden, where he remained until 1857, when he concluded to "paddle his own canoe." He at first hired bench room of B. S. Stedman, and soon after bought out the stock and tools of his landlord. In 1860, he invented a toe and instep stretcher, which proved quite a success.
Inventions and businesses.
In 1862, his factory was destroyed by a fire, causing a heavy loss. He soon started again, taking in, as special partner, Alden Clark, who soon after retired in favor of his nephew, George Clark. In 1867, the partnership was dissolved. When the business expanded enough that it required additional facilities, Stiles moved to Middletown, CT. Prior to this, he had made several improvements in his stamping press, making it far superior to what was known as the Fowler press. This device he patented in 1864. Parler Brothers, of Meriden, who were engaged in manufacturing the Fowler press, adopted Stiles' eccentric adjustment, which involved a long and expensive litigation, resulting finally in a compromise and the organization of the Stiles & Parker Press Company, in which Stiles held a controlling interest. His pluck and perseverance were finally rewarded with success, and he built up a large and extensive business, involving the necessity of opening a branch factory and office in New York city. 
In 1873, he attended the Vienna World Exposition, obtaining a foreign market for his goods. The presses were used in the armories and navy yards of the United States, as well as those of Germany, Austria, Prussia, Sweden, Turkey, Egypt, and Mexico. Some of these manufacturers are the manufacturers of fire arms, agricultural implements, builders' hardware, locks, brass goods, clocks, sewing machines, and their attachments, tin ware, silver-plated and Britannia ware, and pocket cutlery.
Public service.
During his residence abroad, Stiles became prominently connected with the manager of the Vienna Exposition, and was nominated as one of the Advisory Committee, but his position as exhibitor precluded his acceptance. He was a member of the Advisory Committee at the Centennial Exposition held at Philadelphia in 1876. He is one of seven directors of The United States Patent Association, which includes examiners of the Patent Office, solicitors of patents, and inventors. 
He interested himself to some extent in the public affairs of Middletown, and served two years as a member of the Board of Aldermen. He was a member of Cyrene Commandery, Knight Templars, and was also a member of the Episcopal Church of the Holy Trinity.
Family.
On March 23, 1864, he married Sarah M., daughter of Henry Smith, of Middletown, by whom he has had three children, Henry R., Edmund E., and Millie B.

</doc>
<doc id="9808403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808403" title="Fishbowl (conversation)">
Fishbowl (conversation)

A fishbowl conversation is a form of dialog that can be used when discussing topics within large groups. Fishbowl conversations are usually used in participatory events like Open Space Technology and Unconferences. The advantage of Fishbowl is that it allows the entire group to participate in a conversation. Several people can join the discussion.
Method(s).
Four to five chairs are arranged in an inner circle. This is the fishbowl. The remaining chairs are arranged in concentric circles outside the fishbowl. A few participants are selected to fill the fishbowl, while the rest of the group sit on the chairs outside the fishbowl. In an open fishbowl, one chair is left empty. In a closed fishbowl, all chairs are filled. The moderator introduces the topic and the participants start discussing the topic. The audience outside the fishbowl listen in on the discussion. 
In an open fishbowl, any member of the audience can, at any time, occupy the empty chair and join the fishbowl. When this happens, an existing member of the fishbowl must voluntarily leave the fishbowl and free a chair. The discussion continues with participants frequently entering and leaving the fishbowl. Depending on how large your audience is you can have many audience members spend some time in the fishbowl and take part in the discussion. When time runs out, the fishbowl is closed and the moderator summarizes the discussion. 
An immediate variation of this is to have only two chairs in the central group. When someone in the audience wants to join the two-way conversation, they come forward and tap the shoulder of the person they want to replace, at some point when they are not talking. The tapped speaker must then return to the outer circles, being replaced by the new speaker, who carries on the conversation in their place.
In a closed fishbowl, the initial participants speak for some time. When time runs out, they leave the fishbowl and a new group from the audience enters the fishbowl. This continues until many audience members have spent some time in the fishbowl. Once the final group has concluded, the moderator closes the fishbowl and summarizes the discussion.
Advantages.
An advantage of a fishbowl conversation is that it is suitable for large groups. Another advantage is that they lessen distinctions between the speakers and the audience. These two reasons have made fishbowls popular in participatory group meetings and conferences such as Open Space Technology and Unconferences.
Variations.
The group can be split into two smaller and distinct subgroups (such as men and women, or older and younger participants), who convene separately and come up with three to four questions for the other group, which are written on cards. The participants reconvene and exchange cards, and form two circles, one subgroup inside the other, both of them facing inwards. The inside group read a question and discuss it, while those in the outside circle listen but do not speak. Each question is discussed in this way, making sure everyone in the inner circle has a chance to speak. The circles are then reversed. The questions that the groups generate can be on the same subject or not, at the discretion of the organizer. This version is a good party game for groups of thirty to sixty people.
Another derivative is to have the fish bowl run for a certain period of time - say, half an hour. The moderator stops the discussion in the fishbowl circle and invites those not in the inner circle to offer their thoughts and comments on what they are hearing in the inner circle.

</doc>
<doc id="9808409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808409" title="Pontyates">
Pontyates

 
Pontyates, or 'Pontiets', is a village situated in the Gwendraeth Valley halfway between Carmarthen and Llanelli in Carmarthenshire, West Wales.
General information.
The village of Pontyates offers a local garage, its own fire and rescue station, two bilingual primary schools, a post office, a fish and chip shop, public houses, a barbers and places of worship. The village is situated on the banks of the Gwendraeth Fawr river. It sits adjacent to the B4309 that runs between the towns of Carmarthen and Llanelli which are both about 10 miles from the village. The village is primarily Welsh-speaking. Pontyates is set in a rural area which hosts impressive views of the surrounding valleys from the top of the hill. It is known to have two sides to the village, the Carmarthen side and the Llanelli side, known locally as "pentre hyn" (this village) and "pentre draw" (that village), depending on which side the speaker stands. 
The population was around 4000 in 1929 according to the parish entry of that year (Sourced from 'The Welsh Church Year Book, 1929').
History.
Pontyates used to have its own railway station run by the Burry Port and Gwendraeth Valley Railway company. Pontyates was one of the stations that lay between Llanelli and the coal mine at Cwmmawr. The fact that the line was built down the old canal route meant that it was prone to flooding. The station at Pontyates was closed in 1953. Despite it being no longer in use, the railway line still runs across the road today and can be walked across as part of the mining heritage trail.
Origin of name.
According to the BBC Wales programme 'What's in a name'. 'Pontyates' is said to have been named after an English family, Yates. 'Pont' translates as 'bridge' in English and the Welsh word 'Y' means 'of'. This would mean the literal translation of Pontyates is Bridge-of-Yates. However, due to the name's similarity to the local word 'iet' meaning 'gate' the village is more commonly referred to as 'Pontiets'. A testament to this is the fact that both names appear on the welcome sign when entering the village.
Sport.
Pontyates is home to the rugby team Pontyates R.F.C which plays in the Welsh Rugby Union, Division Five West League.
Notable people.
"*"Although not born in Pontyates, June Brown was evacuated there during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="9808417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808417" title="Security and Peace">
Security and Peace

Sicherheit und Frieden (English: "Security and Peace") is a quarterly German academic journal focusing on peace research and security policy publishing articles in German and English. Since 2004 the journal also publishes peer-reviewed articles. The current editor-in-chief is Michael Brzoska (Institute for Peace Research and Security Policy, University of Hamburg).

</doc>
<doc id="9808435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808435" title="National Taichung First Senior High School">
National Taichung First Senior High School

The National Taichung First Senior High School (TCFSH; , also 台中一中) is one of the most prestigious and distinguished high school in Taiwan, Republic of China. TCFSH was the first high school founded by Taiwanese to educate their youngsters during the colonial days under Japanese rule Japanese occupation.
Overview.
The admission of Taichung First Senior High School is extremely competitive. Less than top 1% of scorers on the Basic Competence Test for Junior High School Students (國民中學學生基本學力測驗) receive admission. A large portion of graduates go on to attend prestigious universities in Taiwan as well as worldwide. For many international science and math competitions such as the International Mathematics Olympiad, the International Geography Olympiad, the International Physics Olympiad, the International Biology Olympiad, the Intel Science Fair, the International Chemistry Olympiad, the International Earth Science Olympiad, &c., students from Taichung First Senior High are usually chosen to represent Taiwan.
History.
The National Taichung First High School was founded by elite members of gentry in Taichung in 1915, including Lin Lie-tang (林烈堂), Lin Hsien-tang (林獻堂), Lin Hsiung-chen (林熊徵), Tsai Lien-fang (蔡蓮舫) and Koo Hsien-jung (辜顯榮). Fought against the unfair education policy of Japanese colonial government, they established the Taichung Middle School to provide better education to the young Taiwanese who did not have the opportunity to attend middle schools which were reserved for the Japanese children exclusively.

</doc>
<doc id="9808437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808437" title="Musashino Art University">
Musashino Art University

Teikoku Art School (, "Teikoku Bijutsu Gakkō"; meaning "imperial art school") was founded in 1929; in 1948 it became Musashino Art School (, "Musashino Bijutsu Gakkō"), and in 1962 it became Musashino Art University. This is known as one of the leading art universities in Japan.
From its start, the university taught fine art and industrial design; it later added architecture, fashion, and other fields.
MAU has exchange agreements with universities in other countries. It has a graduate school that awards master's degrees and doctorates.

</doc>
<doc id="9808442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808442" title="Derek Keller (composer)">
Derek Keller (composer)

Derek Lawrence Keller (born 1971) is an American composer, guitarist, vocalist, and teacher. Keller previously served as a visiting Assistant Professor of music composition at Oberlin Conservatory of Music, and he currently curates the music series for St. Paul's Episcopal Church, focusing on highlighting original avant-garde and improvisational music.
Keller earned a B.Mus. in Music Composition and Guitar as well as an M.M. in Music Composition at the University of Georgia. He holds a Ph.D. in Music Composition from University of California at San Diego, where he studied under the direction of Pulitzer Prize-winning composer Roger Reynolds. He has also studied composition with Anthony Davis, Chaya Czernowin, Rand Steiger, George Crumb, Jean-Luc Hervé, Brian Ferneyhough, David Lang, and Charles Wuorinen. 
Keller has received many commissions, including from John Zorn, RedFishBlueFish, Groundworks Dance Theater, Cappella Gloriana, Athens Master Chorale, Truman State University, and MACRO Analysis Creative Research Organization. 
Keller was born in Philadelphia. He has lived in St. Louis, Atlanta, and La Jolla. He currently resides in Sacramento, California.
Discography.
"Impositions and Consequences" (2007). Tzadik 8032. Featuring original works for chamber orchestra, voice, solo electric guitar, and percussion quartet performed by the world-renown RedFishBlueFish. 
"Remedy" (2006), Morris Palter. Centaur CRC 2742. Featuring works by Derek Keller, "Attitudes...Assumptions Shattered"; Karlheinz Stockhausen, Matthew Burtner, James Dillon, Thomas DeLio, David Lang, and Jean-Charles François.
"Colin McAllister and Derek Keller: Solos and Duos for Guitar" (2004). Old King Cole OKCD2006. Featuring works by Steve Reich, Franco Donotoni, Tristan Murail, Chris Mercer, Derek Keller, and Helmut Lachenmann. 
"Channel Crossings" (2002), Cappella Gloriana. Old King Cole OKCD005. Choral music.
Compositions.
"Fear Ego Love" (2003–2004) for amplified mixed quartet, rock band and chamber choir. 
"Attitudes…Self-reflection" (Spring 2003) for electric guitar and interactive computer accompaniment.
"Eruptive Plains" (1999) for winds, percussion and piano. 
"Triaxis" (1998) for violin, b-flat clarinet doubling bass clarinet, and guitar. 
"Holtranix II: an interactive improvisation for solo MIDI controller and computer" (1997).
"Holtranix I: an improvisation for soloist and computer" (1996–1997). 
"Three Pieces for Piano" (1996). 
"Character Piece" (1996) for brass quintet.
"Night of Hell: a mini musical drama for computer sound and baritone/tenor voice" (1995–96). 
"Sonus in Contiuum: Breach, Core, Edge" (1994) for electric, percussion, and soprano saxophone.
"Four Pieces" (1994) for cello and piano. 
"Psyche" (1993) for flute, clarinet, oboe, amplified guitar, violin, cello, and soprano.

</doc>
<doc id="9808451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808451" title="Montebello (station)">
Montebello (station)

Montebello is a station on the Kolsås Line (Line 2) of the Oslo Metro. The station is located between Smestad and Ullernåsen. Montebello is the first station on line 6 not shared with another line. The station is on the north side of the Ring 3 highway which runs in an arch north of Oslo. It is the closest station to the Radium Hospital which is 400 m away. 
Montebello is located 6.0 km from Stortinget and was first opened on 15 June 1942.
From 1 July 2006, most of the line to Kolsås, from Montebello station and outwards, was closed for upgrades. At first trains then turned at Montebello, but from 31 July Montebello was also closed with the opening of a temporary station, Husebybakken which substituted for Montebello. This temporary station was located a few hundred metres to the east of the regular station and served as the terminus for the line. On 18 August 2008, the rebuilt Montebello station was opened. The new station has a longer platform, capable of serving trains with up to six cars, an increase from three. The previous level crossing has been removed, and a third rail power supply is used throughout. Up to the upgrade of Kolsåsbanen that started in 2006, trains switched from third rail to overhead wire systems at Montebello. 

</doc>
<doc id="9808460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808460" title="Husebybakken (station)">
Husebybakken (station)

Husebybakken was a metro station on the Kolsås Line of the Oslo Metro. Serving the neighborhood of Montebello in Oslo, Norway, it opened in 1942, when the connection line between Sørbyhaugen and Jar was opened. It was closed on 19 June 1961, but reopened from 31 July 2006 to 31 May 2008, when the rest of the Kolsås Line was being renovated. While in use, it served as the terminal station of the Kolsås Line, and for Line 6 of the metro. The station was demolished in 2008.
History.
In 1942, the Sørbyhaugen–Jar Line was opened, which connected the Kolsås Line with the Røa Line. On 5 July 1957, the southbound station Mærradalen was closed and Ullernåsen was moved mid-way between its old location and that of Mærradalen. On 19 June 1961, Husebybakken was closed.
In 1995, the Røa Line, which the Kolsås Line branches off from, was upgraded to metro standard to allow trains to operate through the Common Tunnel in the city tunnel. The first section of the Kolsås Line, from the branching point to Montebello was also upgraded. Trains switched from overhead wire to third rail at Montebello. By early 2006, the Akershus County Council passed an upgrade plan for the Kolsås Line. It would be upgraded to metro standard all the way to Kolsås, and while under construction, the sections of the line not yet upgraded will remain closed. The first section be upgraded, was from Montebello to Åsjordet. Because the upgrade included an extension of the stations to allow six-car trains, Montebello would need to be closed. Since the track until Montebello had full metro standard, building a temporary station in the area would allow the area to be served by the T-bane, and at the same time give the trains on line 6 a turning station.
Husebybakken was closed on 31 May 2008. The line did not re-open until 18 August, when the three first stations were finished upgraded to metro standard: Montebello, Ullernåsen and Åsjordet. During the intermezzo, trains turned at Holmen on the Røa Line. Following its closing, Husebybakken was demolished.
Service.
Husebybakken was the temporary terminus of the Kolsås Line while it existed. It was served by line 6 of the T-bane each fifteen minutes. Line 6 continued along the Røa Line, before entering the Common Tunnel to the city center. On the other end of the city center, the line followed the Ring Line. The station was served every 15 minutes during regular service hours.

</doc>
<doc id="9808461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808461" title="Temple Theatre (Sanford, North Carolina)">
Temple Theatre (Sanford, North Carolina)

The Temple Theatre is an historic performance center in Sanford, North Carolina. 
The Temple Theatre was built in 1925 by Robert Ingram, Sr. (owner of the Sanford Coca-Cola Bottling Company), at a time when Sanford had a population of only 3,500. The name "Temple" came from being located next door to what was one Sanford's Masonic Lodge. 
For several decades, the Temple served as Lee County, North Carolina's principal seat of entertainment. Located half a block from the railroad station, the Temple was a frequent stop on the national vaudeville circuit. After the death of vaudeville, the Temple became a touring house for the road shows of the 1930s (including burlesque), and then a movie theater. During the 1960's, the Sanford Little Theatre and the Footlight Players used the Temple for their community productions. In 1965, the Temple Theatre closed. 
The rebirth of the Temple Theatre began in 1981 when Mr. Robert Ingram, Jr., the son of the theatre's original owner, donated the building to the citizens of Lee County. Through the efforts of Sam Bass, the building was designated a National Historic Site in 1983 and received a large challenge grant from the North Carolina Legislature. Lee County citizens and businesses matched the grant, along with a significant grant from the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation. Through the efforts of residents and organizations, the gutted and vandalized shell of Temple Theatre was refurbished. The Temple reopened in 1984 as a professional theatre.
The lobby's richly painted walls and wooden trim flank the original multi-colored floor of hexagonal tiles. Above hangs a crystal chandelier accented in gold, while twin staircases sweep up on either side of the lobby leading to the balcony where the restored tin ceiling can be best appreciated. Backstage, the actors enjoy comfortable dressing rooms, a kitchen, and a lounge area. There is a full counterweight fly system backstage, an advanced communication network, and a computer-controlled lighting and sound system, making the theatre practical and workable. The theatre itself is intimate, with 333 seats. The Temple also has an orchestra pit, which is utilized by musicians, but can be covered to create a larger stage. Because it was designed for vaudeville, the acoustics are superb - highlighted by an ornate painted tin ceiling, and audience members have a good view of the stage from every seat.
The Temple is a cultural center and the top year-round attraction in Lee County. The North Carolina Shakespeare Festival, the Red Clay Ramblers, The Kingston Trio, and the Glenn Miller and Count Basie orchestras are among he artists who have performed at the Temple Theatre.
Today, The Temple Theatre Company produces seven Main Stage shows per season ranging from musicals to dramas, with each show running for three weeks. All the actors are paid professionals brought in from across the country. The Temple Theatre also hosts stand-up comedians as part of its 'One Night Stands' series. Special events at the Temple range from pop concerts to dance recitals. 
The Temple attracts patrons from the Research Triangle, the Piedmont Triad, and the Sandhills areas on a regular basis. In all, around 35,000 people visit the Temple each year. All funds raised during the annual fund drive go to the maintenance and operation of the facility (utilities, insurance, equipment, security, etc.). Production expenses come from ticket sales, sponsorships, grants, and advertising. The Temple Theatre is a non-profit organization.
The full schedule of events at Temple Theatre can be viewed at http://templeshows.com.
Current Staff...
Peggy Taphorn
Producing Artistic Director
Sheila Brewer
Business Manager
Steven Harrington
Technical Director
Maryanna McDonald
Box Office Manager
Elsbeth Cassandra
Production Stage Manager
Thomas Edward Dalton
Education Director
Jon McKone
Master Electrician/Carpenter
Chris deLambert
Marketing Director

</doc>
<doc id="9808475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808475" title="Snuki Zikalala">
Snuki Zikalala

Snuki Zikalala is the suspended Managing Director of news and current affairs of the South African Broadcasting Corporation.
Early life.
Before joining the SABC, Zikalala spent 25 years in journalism and earned numerous awards, including the SA Medical Association's best medical reporter and government's communicator of the year.
Education.
Zikalala holds a BA Hons (industrial sociology ) from Wits University and an MA and PhD, both in journalism, from Sofia University, Bulgaria.
Criticism.
Since assuming his current role, Zikalala has attracted criticism for his pro-ANC stance. He has been accused of using the publicly funded national broadcaster as a propaganda tool, sparking fears of a return to the days when the apartheid government used it as such.
Zikalala blacklisted various independent commentators from appearing on national television,
Ironically, Zikalala stated in an address given at Stellenbosch University that "The SABC is not the mouthpiece of the government of the day, nor should it broadcast its opinion of government policies, unless they relate directly to broadcasting matters." In the same address he accused Rupert Murdoch's media company of having "an unashamedly neo-liberal agenda".
In an attempt to hit back at the print media, Zikalala oversaw the launching of a program called "In the Public Interest". Zikalala stated that "just as the print criticises us, we will be able to criticise them". In a response, the Freedom of Expression Institute criticized this move stating that "The SABC is merely the custodian of this public resource. It is inappropriate for the SABC to use a public resource as a platform for individuals in the SABC to settle scores with individuals in other media."
Zikalala has also continually denied the ongoing crisis in Zimbabwe. During an interview with Jeremy Maggs on SAFM he stated that "There is food, it's just very expensive". In the same interview he also said that during his stay at the Sheraton in Harare he had been able to order Johnnie Walker Black Label and mineral water and accordingly didn't understand what everyone was on about.
On 6 May 2008, Snuki Zikalala was suspended with immediate effect by Dali Mpofu, Group CEO of the SABC, who in turn was suspended by the SABC Board. Soon afterwards, Dali Mpofu himself was suspend.

</doc>
<doc id="9808478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808478" title="2002 Prague summit">
2002 Prague summit

The 2002 Prague summit was a NATO summit where the heads of state and government of the NATO member states met. Seven states were at this summit invited to begin accession talks with NATO: Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. NATO's post-Cold War Open Door Policy was also reaffirmed at this meeting. A NATO Response Force was considered and planned at this moment, a force which would be officially declared ready at the 2006 Riga summit.

</doc>
<doc id="9808484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808484" title="2006 Riga summit">
2006 Riga summit

The 2006 Riga summit or the 19th NATO Summit was a NATO summit held in Riga, Latvia from 28 to 29 November 2006. The most important topics discussed were the War in Afghanistan and the future role and borders of the alliance. Further, the summit focused on the alliance's continued transformation, taking stock of what has been accomplished since the 2002 Prague Summit. NATO also committed itself to extend further membership invitations in the upcoming 2008 Bucharest Summit. This summit was the first NATO summit held on territory of a former USSR republic.
Security measures.
Roads in the center of Riga were closed down and parking was not allowed at the airport or at several roads, out of fear for car bombs. About 9000 Latvian police officers and soldiers took care of the Summit's security, while more than 450 other airmen from seven European NATO countries were called upon to ensure a no-fly zone above the summit in an operation called "Operation Peaceful Summit". This enhanced ongoing Baltic Air Policing activities with additional aircraft, communications and maintenance support.
Summit.
All agreements were not actually made in the North Atlantic Council meeting, but in fact it was made in Istanbul Summit, 2003, except for the signing of the missile defense contract which happened on 28 November. The Council meeting was held on 29 November.
Main topics.
While the tensions between NATO members from the build-up to the invasion of Iraq had dissipated, the NATO summit, and the months preceding the summit, were marked by divisions between the United States and the United Kingdom on the one side and France, Germany, Italy and Spain on the other. Two rifts existed, one about the military contributions to the war in Afghanistan, and the other concerning whether or not NATO should assume a more global role.
War in Afghanistan.
Before and during the summit US president George W.Bush, British prime minister Tony Blair, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper and Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende made a plea to European NATO members to make more troops available for deployment in Afghanistan, remove the national caveats (i.e. national restrictions on how, when and where forces can be used) and start sending its troops into the conflict-ridden south of the country. According to Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) General James L. Jones it was not the lack of combat troops and the caveats were the problem, but the lack of adequate helicopters and military intelligence to support airlift and on-the-ground operations.
While the NATO countries in question refused to participate in the fighting in the south, they agreed to remove some of these national caveats, and in an emergency situation all national caveats should cease to exist, meaning that every ally should come to the aid of the forces that require assistance. A number of NATO member states also pledged to provide additional assets, including fighters, helicopters, infantry companies as well as training teams that will mentor the Afghan National Army. NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said that the removal of some of the caveats meant that some 20,000 of the 32,000 NATO troops in ISAF are made "more usable" for combat duties and that 90% of the formal mission requirements were now filled. Military sources however told reporters at the summit that these caveats never existed in emergency situations, adding that it would be a strange alliance where one country's soldiers refused to support their allies in an emergency. NATO leaders also backed a French proposal to set up a "contact group" to coordinate action concerning Afghanistan, but the United States had reservations about France's proposal to include Iran, which has considerable influence over the west of Afghanistan, in the proposed contact group due to the dispute over Iran's nuclear programme. The group was modelled on the one set up for the Yugoslav Wars in the 1990s.
Political scientist Joseph Nye commented that "while the Riga summit relaxed some of these caveats to allow assistance to allies in dire circumstances, Britain, Canada, the Netherlands, and the US are doing most of the fighting in southern Afghanistan, while French, German, and Italian troops are deployed in the quieter north. It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops and give commanders more flexibility." The controversy surrounding the differences in contributions to Afghanistan indeed remained after the summit. For instance, during March 2007 British commanders accused the NATO members that refused to fight in the conflict-ridden south (in non-emergency situations) as causing "huge resentment" and a sense of betrayal, and undermined the credibility of the alliance. They added that despite the earlier pleas for reinforcements or to have "operational caveats" removed, some countries, notably France and Germany, were still not heeding their requests.
Besides the above discussion about contributions and caveats, the summit was noticed to paint an optimistic picture of the war in Afghanistan and Afghanistan's future. For instance, NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said that "real progress" had been made in Afghanistan and that this was the main highlight of the summit. He strongly disagreed with visions of "doom and gloom," and added that five years after the defeat of the Taliban regime, Afghanistan had become a democratic society that is "no longer a threat to the world." He also believed that the defeat of the insurgency was only a matter of time, stating that the war in Afghanistan "is winnable, it is being won, but it is not yet won because, of course, we have many challenges in Afghanistan." In his opinion, these challenges included besides military engagement mainly reconstruction and development work.
Role of NATO.
The second, more fundamental rift, concerned a discussion about whether NATO should form close relationships with countries far beyond NATO's borders, in particular Australia, Japan and South Korea. The United States and some other NATO members pressed for a closer relationship with these countries. R. Nicholas Burns, Under Secretary for Political Affairs explained the US proposal: "We seek a partnership with them so that we can train more intensively (...) and grow closer to them because we are deployed with them. Australia, South Korea and Japan are in Afghanistan. They have all been in Iraq (...) in the Balkans." It was however not clear how far this plan would have gone in practice, but the US insisted they were not seeking to turn NATO into a global alliance: membership would not be offered to the prospective new partners. The idea of a "global" NATO however was strongly opposed by France, which considers NATO a regional defence alliance that should not spread its wings too far over the globe. The French Defence Minister Michele Alliot-Marie summarized the position of France as follows: "The development of a global partnership could... dilute the natural solidarity between Europeans and North Americans in a fuzzy entity it would send a bad political message, that of a campaign launched by the West against those who don't share their ideas. What a pretext we would offer to those who promote the idea of a clash of civilisations." The summit did not reach a satisfying consensus on the future role of NATO and it was considered an exercise in "papering over cracks", much more than it was ever a serious effort to decide on the future borders and core purposes. As a consequence the debate continued after the summit.
Other topics.
Kosovo.
At the Riga summit, NATO members confirmed the role of NATO-led KFOR in the ensuring of a stable security environment there. This is perceived to be a reference to the possible United Nations decision in favour of independence. Because Serbia strongly opposes the break-away of Kosovo, the resulting tensions between Serbia and Kosovo could create instability in the region.
Enhanced cooperation with non-members.
Enhanced cooperation with non-member states closer at home was less controversial and two offers were made: an extension of Partnership for Peace membership, and a training initiative.
Comprehensive Political Guidance.
"Comprehensive Political Guidance" (CPG), a policy document that had been agreed by Defence Ministers in June 2006 and an addition to the 1999 Strategic Concept document, was formally endorsed during the summit. The CPG intends to provide a framework and political direction for NATO's continuing transformation in the coming 10 to 15 years. More specifically, the document expresses the belief that the principal threats to the Alliance in the coming decades are terrorism, proliferation, failing states, regional crises, misuse of new technologies, and disruption of the flow of vital resources. According to this document, the Alliance should adapt to these new threats and sets out the Alliance vis-a-vis capability issues, planning disciplines and intelligence for the next 10 to 15 years, including among others the need for joint expeditionary forces and the capability to deploy and sustain them over long periods of time. The document further underlined that NATO's forces should be able to conduct a variety of missions, from high to low intensity, and emphasized the likelihood that NATO will need to carry out a greater number and range of smaller operations. The CPG also confirmed the principle that 40% of the member states' military forces must be redeployable, and 8% must constantly be on operations abroad. This principle makes it, among other things, possible to effectively compare the contributions made by various states, irrespective of the size of their populations.
The CPG policy document is regarded as self-contradictory for at least two reasons. Firstly, it identified the two greatest threats to NATO as terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction (WMD), whilst simultaneously reaffirming the 1999 Strategic Concept as "remaining valid" despite the fact that it barely mentioned these threats. Secondly, the document states that collective defence remains the core purpose of NATO, but at the same time emphasizes potential NATO contributions to conflict prevention and crisis management, and the potential planning and management of missions like that in Afghanistan. The "Riga Declaration" even described the capability for such missions as NATO's "top priority". Additionally, Jaap de Hoop Scheffer wanted and expected a new Strategic Concept to be debated and agreed upon by 2008, reinforcing already existing views that the CPG will most likely last much less than the 10 to 15 years as the guiding policy document.
Energy security.
The Riga summit was the first NATO summit which underscored the need for energy security, following the Russia-Ukraine gas dispute. The "Riga Summit Declaration" (par. 45) stated that "Alliance security interests can also be affected by the disruption of the flow of vital resources" and that it supported "a coordinated, international effort to assess risks to energy infrastructures and to promote energy infrastructure security." It further states that NATO leaders "direct the Council in Permanent Session to consult on the most immediate risks in the field of energy security, in order to define those areas where NATO may add value to safeguard the security interests of the Allies and, upon request, assist national and international efforts." "Radio Free Europe" reports that an unnamed diplomatic source told that several NATO leaders, including Latvian president Vaira Vike-Freiberga, had tried to make arrangements for bilateral talks concerning this topic with Russian president Vladimir Putin during the summit, but Putin instead attended the CIS energy summit in Minsk, Belarus on 28 November 2006. In contrast, "The Independent" reported that the summit was marred by a diplomat fracas over an invitation to President Vladimir Putin and that he was eventually not invited, and that Putin as a result threatened that he would visit Latvia for the first time since independence during the summit in order to upstage the summit. It was even proposed that Putin could honour French president Jacques Chirac, who was at the summit and whose 74th birthday coincided with the summit, by visiting Latvia. He later made clear that this would not go ahead.
2008 membership invitations.
The NATO Heads of State and Government congratulated the efforts of the three Balkan states currently in NATO's Membership Action Plan: Albania, Croatia and Macedonia, and declared that the Alliance intends to extend further invitations to these countries during the 2008 Bucharest Summit, on condition that these countries meet NATO standards. The Alliance also affirmed that NATO remained open to new European members under Article X of the North Atlantic Treaty, but remained largely silent on the prospects of Georgia and Ukraine, two countries that had declared membership as a goal, as the summit limited itself to noting the efforts of both countries to conduct an "intensified dialogue" with NATO. Nevertheless Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip said after the summit that he had discussed Georgia's membership with US president Bush on 28 November. He further added that in his view Georgia had "very good chances" to join NATO if the planned reforms would continue and that a Membership Action Plan, the next necessary step on Georgia's way towards membership, was only "a small step away". Preceding the summit, it was expected that Ukraine was on a fast track to membership: it was believed that Ukraine would have received an invitation to a Membership Action Plan during the summit, followed by an invitation to join in 2008 and membership in 2010. According to political scientist Taras Kuzio the summit showed that Georgia rapidly moved ahead of Ukraine in its drive to join NATO, even though it joined the Intensified Dialogue program a year later than Ukraine, because president of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko failed to support a pro-Western Orange revolution coalition following the Ukraine's parliamentary elections of March 2006. In other words, Ukraine showed more ambivalence in its desire to join NATO, whereas in Georgia the pro-Western Rose Revolution coalition remained united.
NATO Response Force.
NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer announced that the NATO Response Force was finally fully operational since all capabilities necessary were in place. The force is believed to be capable of performing missions worldwide across the whole spectrum of operations (such as evacuations, disaster management, counterterrorism, and acting as "an initial entry force") and can number up to 25,000 troops and should be able to start to deploy after five days' notice and sustain itself for operations lasting 30 days or longer if resupplied. The heads of state and government also agreed to share the costs of airlift for the short notice deployments of the Response Force.
2010 Theatre Missile Defence.
In September 2006, NATO selected an international consortium led by Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) to build an Integration Test Bed for the Alliance's future Active Layered Theatre Missile Defence (ALTBMD) capability. After two months of negotiations, ALTBMD Programme Manager, General (Ret) Billard, and SAIC contracting Officer, Mr. Robert Larrick, signed the contract on the first day of NATO's Riga Summit. This decision was based on an unpublished report agreed upon earlier by NATO ministers following a study into the feasibility of theatre missile defences.
This programme is one of three programmes that NATO is pursuing in the area of missile defence. The contract puts the Alliance on track for having, by 2010, a system to protect troops on missions against ballistic missiles. The contract is worth approximately 75 million EUR for work that would be conducted over a period of six years. The theatre missile defence would be a multi-layered system of systems, comprising early warning system sensors, radar and various interceptors. While NATO member countries would provide the sensors and weapon systems, NATO itself would develop a commonly funded NATO architecture to integrate all of these elements. The development of the ALTBMD system was agreed by NATO members in large part because it is limited. NATO members are deeply divided about the multi-tiered BMD architecture promoted by the US Missile Defense Agency (MDA).
Views on the summit.
For the three former USSR republics Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania such a high-level event was held for the first time in the region. As a consequence it held a symbolic meaning. It is perceived to have increased the visibility of these three Baltic states as NATO members.

</doc>
<doc id="9808516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808516" title="Scouting and Guiding in Portugal">
Scouting and Guiding in Portugal

The Scout and Guide movement in Portugal is served by several organizations:
International Scouting units in Portugal.
The Transatlantic Council of the Boy Scouts of America serves American Boy Scouts in Lisbon and in the Azores.

</doc>
<doc id="9808531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808531" title="Samsung SPH-A303">
Samsung SPH-A303

The Samsung-a303, known as The Heat, is a slider multimedia wireless mobile device, which comes in Gold or Onyx (black). It is sold by Helio, a joint venture between Earthlink (a U.S.-based internet service provider) and SK Telecom (a South Korea-based CDMA mobile telecom). The Heat has Location Based Services bundled, and comes loaded with a version of Google Maps that uses the device's GPS to locate the user on a map and the "Buddy Beacon" application that lets friends share their current location with each other via Mapquest. The Heat was added to Helio's line up in March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9808539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808539" title="California Energy Commission">
California Energy Commission

The California Energy Commission, formally the Energy Resources Conservation and Development Commission, is California’s primary energy policy and planning agency. Created in 1974 and headquartered in Sacramento, the Commission has responsibility for activities that include forecasting future energy needs, promoting energy efficiency through appliance and building standards, and supporting renewable energy technologies. The Commission is a division of the California Natural Resources Agency, which is under the direction of Cabinet Secretary John Laird. One of its prominent responsibilities is maintenance of the California Energy Code.
History.
Charles Warren and Al Alquist, California politicians, co-authored the 1974 Warren-Alquist State Energy Resources Conservation and Development Act that created the Commission. The Act required that, prior to constructing or modifying an electric generating plant, the Commission was to certify the need for the plant and the suitability of the site of the plant.
In 1976, the California legislature amended the Warren-Alquist Act to require the Commission, prior to any new nuclear generating plants being built, to certify that there is sufficient capacity to store spent fuel rods, and to establish a moratorium on the certification of any new nuclear generating plants until the federal government has approved and established a means for the disposal of high level nuclear waste. A legal challenge to this amendment by two electric utilities resulted in the United States Supreme Court case "Pacific Gas & Electric Co. v. State Energy Resources Conservation and Development Commission", which upheld the amended Act.
Dr. Arthur H Rosenfeld, now a member of the U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu's Energy Advisory Board, was a Commissioner of the Energy Commission from 2000 to 2010.
On 17 January 2001 a state of emergency declared during the California electricity crisis allowed the state to buy electricity for the financially strapped utility companies. The emergency authority allowed Davis to order the California Energy Commission to streamline the application process for new power plants.
On 21 August 2006, the Governor signed Senate Bill SB 1, which directs the California Public Utilities Commission and the CEC to implement the California Solar Initiative program consistent with specific requirements and budget limits set forth in the legislation.
In 2013 these efforts were tested in a near worst-case scenario of high temperatures, and reduced hydroelectric and nuclear power. Thanks to a combination of clean energy and conservation the state suffered no shortages.
Current activities.
In 2007 the Commission set up relatively strict laws that forbid the signing of new energy supply contracts between utilities and coal-fired power plants. This was a major initiative to stem greenhouse gas emissions by 2020.
In 2013 the Commission embarked on a program to expand Ethanol E85 retail distribution throughout the state of California. This project will install E85 dispensing equipment at 19 existing gasoline stations to take advantage of the existing fueling infrastructure. The $1.35 Million contract was awarded to Pearson Fuels of San Diego. The Commission expects the E85 vehicle fuel market in California eventually to be the largest in the United States, with approximately 55,000 new flex-fuel vehicles purchased in the state each year.

</doc>
<doc id="9808540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808540" title="Art Academy of Latvia">
Art Academy of Latvia

The Art Academy of Latvia () is an institution of higher education and scientific research in art, located in Riga, Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="9808551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808551" title="Mass diffusivity">
Mass diffusivity

Diffusivity or diffusion coefficient is a proportionality constant between the molar flux due to molecular diffusion and the gradient in the concentration of the species (or the driving force for diffusion). Diffusivity is encountered in Fick's law and numerous other equations of physical chemistry.
The diffusivity is generally prescribed for a given pair of species and pairwise for a multi-species system. The higher the diffusivity (of one substance with respect to another), the faster they diffuse into each other. Typically, a compound's diffusion coefficient is ~10,000× as great in air as in water. Carbon dioxide in air has a diffusion coefficient of 16 mm2/s, and in water its diffusion coefficient is 0.0016 mm2/s.
Diffusivity has an SI unit of m2/s (length2 / time). In CGS units it is given 
in cm2/s.
Temperature dependence of the diffusion coefficient.
The diffusion coefficient in solids at different temperatures is generally found to be well predicted by the Arrhenius equation:
where
Liquids.
An approximate dependence of the diffusion coefficient on temperature in liquids can often be found using Stokes–Einstein equation, which predicts that:
where:
Gases.
The dependence of the diffusion coefficient on temperature for gases can be expressed using the Chapman–Enskog theory (predictions accurate on average to about 8%):
where:
Pressure dependence of the diffusion coefficient.
For self-diffusion in gases at two different pressures (but the same temperature), the following empirical equation has been suggested:
where:
Effective diffusivity in porous media.
The effective diffusion coefficient describes diffusion through the pore space of porous media. It is macroscopic in nature, because it is not individual pores but the entire pore space that needs to be considered. The effective diffusion coefficient for transport through the pores, "De", is estimated as follows:
where:
The transport-available porosity equals the total porosity less the pores which, due to their size, are not accessible to the diffusing particles, and less dead-end and blind pores (i.e., pores without being connected to the rest of the pore system). The constrictivity describes the slowing down of diffusion by increasing the viscosity in narrow pores as a result of greater proximity to the average pore wall. It is a function of pore diameter and the size of the diffusing particles.
Example values.
Gases at 1 atm., solutes in liquid at infinite dilution. Legend: ("s") – solid; ("l") – liquid; ("g") – gas; ("dis") – dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="9808553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808553" title="London Buses route 207">
London Buses route 207

London Buses route 207 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Hayes-by-Pass and White City bus station, it is operated by Metroline.
History.
Route 207 originates from London United Tramways route 7 which ran between Uxbridge and Shepherd's Bush Green. In 1936 this route was replaced by a trolleybus route 607 which ran until 1960. Route 207 was introduced on 9 November 1960 as part of the trolleybus replacement program stage 8, replacing trolleybus route 607 between Uxbridge and Shepherd's Bush Green, using AEC Routemasters. The route was converted to crew operated Daimler Fleetlines in 1976, reverted to Routemasters in 1980 due to unreliability. One man operation followed in 1987 using MCW Metrobuses. In 1990 limited stops route 607 began, paralleling route 207 .
The route, which runs along the entire length of the Uxbridge Road, was operated as two overlapping sections in the late 1990s, with a peak vehicle requirement of 35 double-deckers. The proposed West London Tram paralleled much of the 207.
Low floor buses replaced the MCW Metrobuses in 2001, along with six articulated buses which were on trial on the route for six months, running between Hayes-by-Pass and Shepherd's Bush Green, from First London's Greenford garage. The trial was a success and on 9 April 2005 the route was split into two sections; the Hayes-by-Pass to Shepherd's Bush Green section retained the number 207 and was converted to single deck articlated bus operation with Mercedes-Benz O530Gs. The section between Uxbridge and Acton was renumbered 427 using Dennis Trident 2s. A new base opened at Hayes for the 207; the Uxbridge and Acton allocations were withdrawn.
In October and November 2004 the route was found to have the highest level of police callouts of any service in London. Fare evasion following the conversion to bendy bus operation is also perceived to be a problem by local transport user group EPTUG.
Route 207 was extended from Shepherd's Bush Green to White City bus station when Westfield London opened in November 2008. A month earlier, passengers' organisation London TravelWatch had claimed that the route carried more passengers than any other route in Europe, although this was disputed by some commentators. In 2009 it was announced by new Mayor of London Boris Johnson that articulated buses would be replaced by the end of 2011; it was initially expected that the 207 would be converted to rigid single-deck operation.
In February 2011, Transport for London confirmed that the route would be converted to double-deck vehicles in December 2011, and that the frequency of the route would be increased. Similar changes were planned for night bus variant N207. The proposals were criticised by local Liberal Democrat politicians for failing to increase the seating capacity of the route while increasing the number of vehicles on the Uxbridge Road.
On 10 December 2011, route 207 was converted back to double deck using Scania OmniCity double deckers. It was the last bus route in London to be operated by articulated buses.
On 22 June 2013, route 207 was included in the sale of First London's Hayes garage to Metroline.

</doc>
<doc id="9808557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808557" title="Nepovirus">
Nepovirus

Nepoviruses or nematode transmitted polyhedral viruses, are a genus of plant viruses of the family "Secoviridae" and subfamily "Comovirinae". Nepoviruses, unlike the other two genera ("Comovirus" and "Fabavirus") in the subfamily "Comovirinae", are transmitted by nematodes.
Genome.
Nepoviruses are classified as type IV viruses under the Baltimore classification system, and consequently contain bipartite, linear, single stranded positive sense RNA genomes. The two genome segments are encapsulated separately into two different icosahedral particles. Each of the genome segments produces a different polypeptide, which undergoes a series of steps (i.e. proteolysis, and other post-translational modifications) in order to produce a functional protein.
RNA1.
The first segment (RNA1) is approximately 8,000 nucleotides in length and appears as a single copy in each B type virion. It encodes the proteins that are important in replication and is the first gene to be activated.
RNA2.
The second segment (RNA2) is approximately 4,000–7,000 nucleotides in length and usually appears as a single copy in each M type virion. It encodes the proteins that are important in cell-cell transmission and evasion of cellular defenses.
Species.
There are many members of the genus Nepovirus including the species:

</doc>
<doc id="9808561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808561" title="Parade (Bottom)">
Parade (Bottom)

"Parade" is the fourth episode of the second series of British television sitcom, "Bottom". It was first broadcast on 22 October 1992. This was the first of three episodes not to be set in the flat at all.
Synopsis.
Eddie and Richie steal a war veteran's wooden leg to bet on a horse.
Plot.
The episode begins with Richie and Eddie acting as volunteers in an identity parade. A suited man is accompanied into the room by a uniformed police officer, whom Richie mistakes for the criminal. It turns out, however, to be a member of CID, Chief Inspector Grobbelaar. The suspects are brought in, Eddie's friends, Spudgun and Dave Hedgehog. Spudgun's mother, Mrs. Potato, enters the room and identifies him as stealing her handbag to take to a cross-dressing party. Chief Inspector Grobbelaar orders one of the officers to take her outside and give her a good drubbing.
Next, we see Richie and Eddie entering their local pub, The Lamb and Flag. They go to order drinks with their earnings from the identity parade, and notice that there is a new barmaid. The two pretend to be health and safety officers in order to get free food and drinks. Spudgun, Dave Hedgehog and Mrs. Potato are also posing as health and safety officers, and are planning their next identity parade that afternoon. Richie tries to chat up the barmaid, and while doing so, claims he was a soldier in the Falklands War. This catches the attention of a nearby drinker (Robert Llewellyn), who actually fought in the war, who starts questioning him.
Meanwhile, the toilet door bursts open, and Tight-Mouthed Larry, the local Bookie, staggers drunkenly into the bar and collapses, vomiting all over the floor. The Falklands veteran begins questioning Richie again, and shows him his service medal. Richie is shocked and doesn't know what to say. The war veteran shows Richie that he lost his leg in the war and now has a false leg made of carved wood. He carries on questioning Richie and works out that he was lying about being in the Falklands War. Richie shows the veteran his appendix scar. This doesn't impress the veteran, who beats Richie up. Presently, Tight-Mouthed Larry wakes up and tells the entire pub of a horse, Sad Ken, that is certain to win despite having 100/1 odds. He tells everyone that it is a secret and to forget it. Larry leaves the pub.
Richie and Eddie are left wishing that they had more money to bet on the horse; they think it is a shame that they only have £16 between them. The two go to the toilets and plan to steal the war veteran's leg, take it to a pawnbroker, sell it, place the proceeds on Sad Ken, buy the leg back with the winnings and keep the profit. They leave the toilets to find that the veteran has fallen asleep. Eddie runs over and tries to remove his leg, before realising he is twisting the veteran's real leg. Richie takes over and unfastens the false leg, and sends Eddie to the pawnbroker to sell the leg and place the bet. Richie starts feeding the veteran alcohol with a funnel to keep him asleep.
At Harry The Bastard's Pawnshop, there is a crowd of people selling various items to raise stake money for the horse race. Spudgun is trying to sell a rat, claiming it is a mink. Eddie enters with the leg. Harry says it must be worth at least £2,500, but offers Eddie £1.50. Eddie blackmails Harry into giving him £500 for it. 
Back in the pub, the war veteran wakes up, and says that he wants to go for a walk to clear his head. Richie persuades him not to by asking to hear some war stories. In the bookie's, Eddie places the bet and goes to watch the race with the rest of the drinkers. Sad Ken, who is blind and only has three legs, runs the wrong way and falls over, then is shot along with his jockey.
Eddie returns to the pub and explains that Sad Ken didn't win, and now they have no money to buy the leg back with. Tight-Mouthed Larry and Dick Head, the pub landlord, enter the bar with a pile of money and reveal that the Sad Ken tip had been a scam, and the new bardmaid had been Dick's niece, Veronica. 
The pair go back into the toilet and plan to mug the next person who enters. A man enters who they start to beat up, but it turns out to be Chief Inspector Grobbelaar. The episode ends back in the police station, with Richie and Eddie in an identity parade. Chief Inspector Grobbelaar picks them out as the men who assaulted him, and the other police officers start beating up Richie and Eddie.

</doc>
<doc id="9808564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808564" title="Markis Kido">
Markis Kido

Markis Kido (born August 11, 1984 in Jakarta, DKI Jakarta) is a male badminton player from Indonesia, one of the world's leading men's doubles specialists. He won the men's doubles Olympic gold medal in 2008 with Hendra Setiawan.
Career.
In 2005, with Hendra Setiawan, he won the Asian Badminton Championships and the Indonesia Open. In 2006, the pair also won the Jakarta Satellite, the Hong Kong Open and the China Open after defeating Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng 21–16, 21–16 at the finals.
In 2007 they became world champions after defeating Jung Jae-sung and Lee Yong-dae from South Korea, 21–19 and 21–19, at the World Championships finals in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 2007 was a very big year for them. They also won the China Super Series after beating China's Guo Zhengdong and Xie Zhongbo 21–12, 21–19 in the finals, and the BWF World Cup Invitation after defeating Malaysia's Mohd. Fairuzizuan Mohd. Tazari and Lin Woon Fui 21–18, 21–15 in the finals at Yiyang, Hunan. They were runners-up at the China Masters Super Series, losing the final to China's Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng, 15–21, 16–21. In September they won the Chinese Taipei Grand Prix Gold event. In December 2007, they won the Hong Kong Super Series, defeating the famous veterans Candra Wijaya and Tony Gunawan 21–12, 18–21, 21–13 in the finals. At the 2007 Southeast Asian Games in Thailand, they helped the Indonesian team win the gold medal in the men's team event, and won gold in men's doubles at the individual event after beating the Indonesian born pair of Hendri Kurniawan Saputra and Hendra Wijaya who represented Singapore, 21–17 and 21–12.
In January 2008 they won the Malaysian Super Series. Later that year they teamed to capture their most prestigious prize, the Olympic gold medal in men's doubles at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China. They defeated the Chinese pair of Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng 12–21, 21–11, 21–16 in a thrilling match which more than avenged their loss to the same pair at the China Masters the previous summer. In September 2008 they took the 2008 China Masters Super Series after beating China's Sun Junjie and Xu Chen in straight sets in the final round. In October 2008 Kido and Setiawan teamed to win the Denmark Super Series after beating China's Fu Haifeng and Shen Ye 21–18, 21–19 in the finals. They captured the French Super Series in early November 2008 after beating yet another Chinese pairing, Cai Yun and Xu Chen, in the final round.
In January 2009 they won the Malaysian Super Series. In September 2009 they won Japan Super Series after beating other Indonesian pair, Rian Sukmawan and Yonatan Suryatama 21–19 and 24–22 in the final round. In October 2009 they won French Super Series
On 17 December 2009 they defeated Malaysian duo Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong to win Gold at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games in Vientiane, Laos
They continued their domination to win the Gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou after beating Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong. They won all their round matches of the competition in 3 games as well.
Personal life.
He started playing badminton in Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club. His parents are Djumharbey Anwar (father) and Yul Asteria Zakaria (mother). In spare time he plays football.
His brother, Bona Septano, and sister, Pia Zebadiah Bernadet, are also Indonesian national badminton players.
Achievements.
Mixed Doubles with Pia Zebadiah Bernadet
Mens Doubles with Markus Fernaldi Gideon
Mens Doubles with Alvent Yulianto Chandra
Mens Doubles with Hendra Setiawan

</doc>
<doc id="9808573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808573" title="Dierks Bentley (album)">
Dierks Bentley (album)

Dierks Bentley is the first major-label album of country music singer Dierks Bentley. It was released August 19, 2003 (see 2003 in country music). Released on Capitol Records Nashville, the album produced the singles "My Last Name", "How Am I Doin'", and "What Was I Thinkin'", which served as Bentley's lead-off single, also became his first Number One hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The album sold 1.1 million copies in the US.
The track "My Love Will Follow You" was originally recorded by Buddy Miller on his 1995 album "Your Love and Other Lies". "Bartenders, Etc." and "Whiskey Tears" were originally featured on Bentley's independently released 2001 album "Don't Leave Me in Love", and were re-recorded for this album.

</doc>
<doc id="9808578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808578" title="Bioenergy Action Plan">
Bioenergy Action Plan

On April 25, 2006, Executive Order S-06-06, Bioenergy Action Plan was issued by the former governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, outlining a set of target goals which would establish the increasing use and production of biofuels and biopower for both electricity generation and substitution of natural gas and petroleum within the state of California. The plan asked multiple state agencies (The Bioenergy Interagency Working Group) to work towards the advancement of biomass programs in California. The order would also help provide statewide environmental protection, mitigation and economic advancement. The plan was passed on July 7, 2006 with progress reports issued in 2007 and 2009. An updated plan was rereleased in 2011. The latest plan supports the goals of current California Governor Jerry Brown’s Clean Energy Jobs Plan . The 2011 plan evaluates strategies for overcoming the litigation challenges which deterred progress in the 2006 plan. The 2011 plan also recommends new actions for environmental progress in the state of California 
2006 Bioenergy Action Plan.
The original plan was written based on reviews and recommendations from public workshops and more than 40 public documents, as well as multiple prior research programmes and policy developments around the world. Stakeholder considerations for California’s potential as a leader in renewable energies was taken into account. The plan established a biofuel production target of California producing a minimum of 20% its own biofuels by 2010, 40% by 2020, and 75% by 2050. The production target for the use of biomass electricity was a 20% increase from the prior in-state goals for renewable generation by both 2010 and 2020. The 2006 plan also sought the building of at least four afforestation and carbon sequestration projects, across the state, which would supply 3 to 5 megawatts of biomass-fueled electricity to an electricity gasification plant or bio-refinery . Potential sources of energy, fuel, and chemicals from forest fuel, harvest residues, and other small wood forest products were also identified, as well as the efficiency of harvesting small forest biomass. (Each individual agency also had its own specific set of responsibilities towards meeting the goals of the Bioenergy Action Plan.)
2011 Bioenergy Action Plan.
Less than 40 actions out of the 63 initial actions from the 2006 plan were completed by the time the 2011 plan was developed/adjusted . The 2006 plan was reviewed at two public workshops on June 3, 2010 and December 14, 2010. The new version of the plan was changed accordingly to assure complete coordination with the goals targeted in California Governor Jerry Brown’s Clean Energy Job Plan and the Clean Energy Future Plan . The 2011 plan extends the 20% renewable electricity production with California to 2013 instead of the 2010 goal, with a 33% renewable electricity goal by 2020. Fuel related refineries, blenders, producers and importers are expected to reduce their carbon emissions by 10% by 2020. The production of 21 billion gallons of biofuels is projected for 2022. (As with the 2006 plan, each state agency has its own individual set of goals and responsibilities.)

</doc>
<doc id="9808582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808582" title="PMA-3 mine">
PMA-3 mine

The PMA-3 is a Yugoslavian blast resistant minimum metal anti-personnel mine. It is circular, consisting of a plastic upper and lower half joined together by a rubber cover. A safety collar is normally wrapped around the outside of the mine, preventing the upper half of the mine tilting when in transit. Once deployed the safety collar is removed. Sufficient pressure on the top surface of the mine causes it to tilt. The tilting drives a pin through a friction sensitive pyrotechnic compound, which fires the detonator and then the main explosive charge.
Straight downward pressure does not have the shearing component needed to trigger the mine, this gives the mine blast resistance, since blast overpressure bears down evenly on the top surface of the mine.
The mine has a relatively low explosive content, so will maim rather than kill. Its blast resistance combined with the lack of metal in the mine make it extremely difficult to clear.
PMA-3 mines can be found in minefields located in Albania, Bosnia, Cambodia, Chad, Chile, Croatia, Kosovo, Lebanon, Namibia and Peru

</doc>
<doc id="9808588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808588" title="Hendra Setiawan">
Hendra Setiawan

Hendra Setiawan (born 25 August 1984 in Pemalang, Central Java) is a male badminton player from Indonesia and one of the world's leading doubles players.
Career.
In 2005, with Markis Kido, he won men's doubles at the Asian Badminton Championships and the Indonesia Open. In 2006, they also won the Jakarta Satellite, the Hong Kong Open and the China Open after defeating China's Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng, the 2006 IBF (BWF) world champions in the finals.
2007 was a big year for Setiawan and Kido. They were crowned world champions after defeating Jung Jae-sung and Lee Yong-dae from South Korea, 21–19 and 21–19, at the World Championship finals in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They also captured the China Super Series after defeating China 's Guo Zhendong and Xie Zhongbo and the BWF World Cup Invitation after beating Malaysia's Mohd. Fairuzizuan Mohd. Tazari and Lin Woon Fui at Yiyang, Hunan. In July they were runners-up at the China Masters Super Series, this time losing to Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng, 15–21, 16–21. They won the Chinese Taipei Grand Prix Gold event in September over the Danish veterans Lars Paaske and Jonas Rasmussen. In December they won the Hong Kong Super Series after overcoming two of Indonesia's "all-time" greats Candra Wijaya and Tony Gunawan 21–12, 18–21, 21–13 in the final. At the 2007 Southeast Asian Games in Thailand, they helped Indonesia win the men's team gold medal, and won men's doubles gold in the individual events after defeating Hendri Kurniawan Saputra and Hendra Wijaya, Indonesian-born players who represented Singapore.
In January 2008 they won the Malaysian Super Series. In August 2008 they captured their most prestigious prize yet, at the Beijing Olympic Games. They took the gold medal in men's doubles after defeating Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng of China 12–21, 21–11, 21–16, thus more than avenging their loss to that team in the 2007 China Masters event. In September 2008 Setiawan teamed with Kido to win the 2008 China Masters Super Series after beating the Chinese pair of Sun Junjie and Xu Chen in the final round. In October they won the Denmark Super Series after beating another Chinese pair, Fu Haifeng and Shen Ye in a straight set final. In November in Paris, they added the French Super Series to their list after defeating yet another Chinese pairing, Cai Yun and Xu Chen, in another straight set final round.
In January 2009 they won the Malaysian Super Series. In September 2009 they won Japan Super Series after beating other Indonesian pair, Rian Sukmawan and Yonathan Suryatama 21–19 and 24–22 in final round. In October 2009 they won French Super Series.
On December 17, 2009.they defeated Malaysian Koo Kien Keat / Tan Boon Heong to win Gold Medal at South East Asian Games 2009
They continued their domination to win Gold Medal 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China after beating Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong
Now he's pairing with a younger partner Mohammad Ahsan. They won their first tournament in 2013 Malaysia Super Series after beating Korean pair Lee Yong-dae and Ko Sung-hyun 21-15, 21-13 in the final. They also won their second tournament in 2013 Indonesia Super Series Premier again with another victory against Lee Yong-dae and Ko Sung-hyun with straight game 21-14 and 21-18. Once again, they defeated the Korean pair for the third time in third final of super series tournament with straight sets 21-15 and 21-18 at the 2013 Singapore Super Series on June 23, 2013. In August 2013, They became world champions after winning 2013 BWF World Championships defeated the Danes pair Mathias Boe and Carsten Mogensen 21-13, 23-21, without losing any single game to all of their opponents since the first round.
In March 2014, Setiawan and Ahsan won 2014 All England Super Series Premier after beating Japanese Hiroyuki Endo and Kenichi Hayakawa in the final 21-19, 21-19. This is the first All England title for both Setiawan and Ahsan as a pair and as a personal. This title makes Setiawan collected all of the major title in badminton international. He won 2008 Olympic Games and 2010 Asian Games with Markis Kido, 2 times BWF World Championships one with Kido and one with Ahsan, He also won BWF Super Series Masters Finals in Kuala Lumpur in the end of 2013. With this achievement, made Setiawan one of badminton superstar legend and he is there with the likes of Ricky Subagja, Rexy Mainaky, Park Joo-bong and other legendary badminton double players.
Achievements.
Mens Doubles with Muhammad Ahsan
Mens Doubles with Markis Kido
Personal life.
When he was young, he joined the Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club. Setiawan's parents are named Ferry Yoegianto (father) and Kartika Christyaningrum (mother). His hobby is listening music. Normally people called him Hendra or Junkies.
His older sister Sylvia Anggraeny is married to the former Indonesian star badminton player Hendrawan. He is married Sandra Arief and just 3 weeks before 2014 All England Super Series Premier which he won it, his wife gave birth a twin baby named Richele and Richard.

</doc>
<doc id="9808595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808595" title="Oliver Monksfield">
Oliver Monksfield

Oliver Monksfield is an international footballer, representing Great Britain at the 20th Deaflympic Games held in Melbourne in 2005. He currently is a skilled physical education teacher at Heathcote school and science college.

</doc>
<doc id="9808603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808603" title="Kreator discography">
Kreator discography

The following is the complete discography of the German thrash metal band Kreator.

</doc>
<doc id="9808622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808622" title="Charlie Mensuel">
Charlie Mensuel

Charlie Mensuel (or simply Charlie, "mensuel" being a French term for a monthly periodical) was a French monthly comics magazine. Its publication began in February 1969, and ceased in February 1986.
History.
"Charlie" was first published on 1 February 1969, founded by Delfeil de Ton who was its first editor-in-chief. Tagged ""The newspaper full of humour and comic strips"", it also adopted the slogan, ""The newspaper one reads on the couch while munching chocolate"". Its name was an homage to Charlie Brown, hero of comic strip "Peanuts", and a parallel to a contemporary Italian magazine, "Linus".
Several people succeeded the position of editor-in-chief, most notably Georges Wolinski, from 1970 to 1981. The position has also been held by Willem and Mandryka.
In 1970, it gave its name to "Charlie Hebdo" (English: "Charlie Weekly"), successor to "Hara-Kiri", following the prohibition of that publication.
"Charlie Mensuel" ceased publication for the first time in September 1981, but was purchased by Éditions Dargaud and reappeared in April 1982. On 1 February 1986, the final issue was published and the magazine merged with "Pilote" magazine. A new magazine began publication on 1 March under the name "Pilote et Charlie", but this lasted only until the magazine reverted to "Pilote" on 1 September 1988.
References.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="9808623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808623" title="Buena Regional High School">
Buena Regional High School

Buena Regional High School is a comprehensive regional public high school founded in 1971 to serve students in grades 9 - 12 from five communities in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Buena Regional School District. Municipalities served by the district are Buena Borough and Buena Vista Township. The school opened in September 1973.
Students from Newfield, a non-operating school district, along with students from both Estell Manor and Weymouth Township, attend Buena Regional High School as part of sending/receiving relationships with the respective school districts.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 882 students and 59.2 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.90:1. There were 121 students (13.7% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 50 (5.7% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
An addition completed in 1999 added six new classrooms and two state-of-the-art science labs.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 316th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 297th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 286th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 289th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Curriculum.
The curriculum offerings include Advanced Placement (AP) courses in AP Calculus, AP United States History, AP English Literature and Composition, AP European History and AP Chemistry.
Athletics.
The Buena Regional High School Chiefs compete in the National Division of the Cape-Atlantic League an athletic conference consisting of both parochial and public high schools located in Atlantic County, Cape May County, Cumberland County, and Gloucester County, and operates under the aegis of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
Buena Regional High School's athletic department boasts teams in boys and girls basketball, tennis, and soccer, as well as baseball and softball, girls' field hockey, boys' wrestling,boys and girls spring and winter track, cross country and football. There are cheerleading squads for Varsity and Junior Varsity basketball and football. The football team claimed a South Jersey state championship in 1988, as well as reaching the state championship game in 2002, only to lose in overtime on a controversial goal-line stand. The boys' cross country team won the school's only state championship in 1988 as well. The baseball team has won or shared 15 league, conference, or division titles in 34 years. The baseball team won a South Jersey Group 2 State title in 2008 under Coach George West. A co-ed swim team was formed for the 2008-09 season. Also the girls cross country team under Michael Falciani has won two consecutive Atlantic County championships, and has been undefeated for three years in their conference.
Arts.
The band and choir of Buena Regional have competed extensively throughout the years, with the choir winning a Grand Championship in a national competition in 1992. The Drama Club had floundered throughout the years, suffering from a lack of consistent leadership, having had five directors in twenty years. The Musical Theatre Tradition began in earnest in Buena in 2001 with a production of Oklahoma!. Lately, there has been leadership provided by the choral music director for 10 years who has established a program that has sustained itself financially. The 2010 production of Beauty and the Beast was a huge success, followed by another successful year with the 2011 production of "Into the Woods" .
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="9808645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808645" title="Benny Profane">
Benny Profane

Benny Profane were a rock band from Liverpool, England that existed from 1985 until 1990. They released two albums, various singles and EPs, and recorded three John Peel sessions.
History.
When The Room split up in 1985, singer Dave Jackson and bassist Becky Stringer recruited Joe McKechnie (guitar/drums, formerly of The Passage) to form Benny Profane. After recording their first demo with Will Sergeant helping out on guitar, they were joined by Robin Surtees. The name was taken from a character in the Thomas Pynchon novel, "V.". The first release was "Where is Pig?" (the title also a reference to "V") on Sub Pop UK (not related to the US label Sub Pop). They then signed to Leeds indie label, Ediesta, releasing three more singles in 1987 and 1988. The band had three drummers at various times, Dave Brown, Roger Sinek and Liam Rice. The band later moved to Dave Haslam's Manchester indie label, Play Hard.
1989 saw the release of the Ian Broudie produced "Skateboard To Oblivion" single and their debut album, "Trapdoor Swing". They then switched label again to Imaginary, for a further single and the second album, "Dumbluck Charm" (the CD version of which also includes the debut album). The band split up in the summer of 1990. Jackson and Stringer then formed Dust, followed by The Dead Cowboys. Dave Jackson released his first solo album on Higuera records in 2010, with "Cathedral Mountain" recorded and produced with John Head and Tim O'Shea.
Lineup.
with

</doc>
<doc id="9808649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808649" title="Repo! The Genetic Opera">
Repo! The Genetic Opera

Repo! The Genetic Opera is a 2008 American horror-rock opera musical film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman. The film is based on the 2002 play, "The Necromerchant's Debt" and the 2002 musical also named "Repo! The Genetic Opera", which were written and composed by Darren Smith and Terrance Zdunich.
"Repo!" opened in a very limited release on November 7, 2008, on seven screens in Pasadena, Chicago, Mobile, Charlotte, Kansas City, Toronto and Ottawa.
The film took in an average of $3,250 per screen on its opening day. A 22-track soundtrack was released online on September 30, 2008, with an extended version containing 38 tracks released almost exclusively for download on February 20, 2009. The DVD and Blu-ray were released January 20, 2009.
Plot.
By the year 2056, an epidemic of organ failures has devastated the planet. The mega-corporation GeneCo provides organ transplants on a payment plan. Clients who default on payments are hunted down by Repo Men: skilled assassins contracted by GeneCo to repossess organs, usually killing the clients in the process. The CEO of GeneCo, Rotti Largo, discovers he is terminally ill. Rotti's three children, Luigi, Pavi, and Amber bicker over who will inherit GeneCo. Rotti believes none of his children are worthy heirs and instead plans to pass on his fortune to a girl named Shilo.
Meanwhile, 17-year-old Shilo Wallace longs to explore the outside world but has been told by her overprotective father Nathan that she inherited a rare blood disease from her deceased mother Marni which requires her to stay indoors. She secretly visits her mother's tomb and runs into GraveRobber, who is digging up bodies to drain Zydrate, a euphoric pain-killer. After losing consciousness, Shilo wakes up to find herself at home with Nathan. Nathan prepares for work, not as the doctor he has led Shilo to believe he is, but as the head Repo Man for GeneCo.
The Largo siblings' arguing continues at the GeneCo Renaissance Fair, where the siblings harass Blind Mag, GeneCo's opera singer and celebrity spokesperson. Mag uses surgically enhanced eyes but works for Rotti indefinitely as a result. After introducing her to Mag, Rotti stations his Genterns to guard Shilo. He then announces that Mag will soon give the last performance of her career. GraveRobber helps Shilo escape the fairgrounds. As they hurry through the city, GraveRobber encounters several of his customers including the surgery addict Amber. Under the stupor of the drug, she explains that she will be replacing Blind Mag after her eyes are repossessed following the opera. After GeneCops arrive, GraveRobber and Shilo part ways and she quickly returns to her room before Nathan notices she was gone.
Rotti hires Nathan to repossess Mag's eyes but Nathan refuses, citing Mag's close relationship to Marni. This angers Rotti and he vows to have Nathan taken out. Mag arrives at Shilo's house and reveals she is Shilo's godmother, saying she was unaware Shilo was alive. She cautions Shilo to not make the same mistakes she did. Nathan arrives home and forces Mag out after she scolds him for lying to her about Shilo's death. Meanwhile back at GeneCo, Rotti signs his will, leaving Shilo as his sole beneficiary.
Rotti phones Shilo and invites her to the Opera, delivering her mother's burial dress for her to wear. Nathan finds the GeneCops searching his basement. They try to arrest Nathan, but he quickly dispatches them and heads to the opera looking for Shilo. At the opera, Amber takes the stage for her premiere, but her performance is ruined when her transplanted face falls off. Mag takes to the stage and sings her final song. She deviates from the song's grand finale, denouncing the Largo family and gouging out her eyes in a final act of defiance. Rotti cuts the cords suspending Mag, dropping and impaling her on a fence. Rotti assures everyone that Mag's death is part of the performance and convinces the audience to stay seated.
Shilo sees a Repo Man arrive and attacks him with a shovel before realizing the Repo Man is her father. Onstage, Rotti reveals that Nathan has been making Shilo ill by giving her poisoned medicine. Unable to deal with the loss of Marni, Nathan explains he was trying to keep Shilo safe from the world. Approaching death's door, Rotti tells Shilo that she will inherit GeneCo if she kills her father. When she refuses, Rotti uses the last of his strength to shoot Nathan. Rotti then dies from his terminal illness and Nathan dies with one last farewell to Shilo. Shilo then leaves, free at last to live her own life.
In the epilogue, GraveRobber claims that Shilo fled, leaving GeneCo with no legal heir. A scene during the end credits reveals that Amber became GeneCo's new CEO and promised to change the repossession policy.
Cast of characters.
Joan Jett makes a cameo appearance during the song "Seventeen" playing the guitar. Dean Armstrong, later seen in "Saw 3D", appears as the victim during "Thankless Job". Co-writer Darren Smith appears during "We Started This Op'ra Shit" as the GeneCo band leader. Frequent Bousman collaborator J. LaRose appears during "Zydrate Support Network" as a GeneCo spokesman.
Musical numbers.
"Repo! The Genetic Opera" holds the record for the most songs ever composed for inclusion in one film, with a total of 64. This is the official list of all the songs in the film. Some were cut from the final edit of the film.
Melora Creager of Rasputina plays cello on the soundtrack. A 7-track demo CD dubbed the "Pre-Surgery Sampler", was released on July 24, 2008. A 22-track soundtrack was released on September 30. Songs do not appear in the same sequence on the CD as they do in the film. On February 20, 2009, an extended edition of the soundtrack was released online. The "Deluxe Edition" contains 38 tracks; and the song, "Zydrate Anatomy", was re-cut and used in its film version for this edition.
In the film, the following songs are performed: (* = instrumental)
Cut songs.
Bits and pieces of some of these songs were used in the film. Most of the songs' scenes were cut entirely (*).
Production and history.
In 1996, Darren Smith had a friend who was going through bankruptcy and whose possessions were going into foreclosure. Inspired by this, Smith came up with the idea of a future where not only your property could be repossessed, but also your body parts. Smith and Terrance Zdunich collaborated ideas and plot lines to create "The Necromerchant's Debt".
The first version of "Repo!" was "The Necromerchant's Debt", which told the story of a Graverobber in debt to a Repo Organ Man. It was first performed at the John Raitt theater in 2002. After being such a success, creators Smith and Zdunich expanded on the universe to create all of the storylines that became "Repo! The Genetic Opera" later in 2002.
Many changes were made, gradually, to the characters and music throughout the show's various incarnations through 2005. For example, Rotti, in the earliest performances, was not the father to Luigi, Pavi, and Amber. Instead, he was a younger brother to Luigi and Pavi, while Amber was Luigi's daughter.
Lyrics were adjusted to new arcs, and some songs were dropped altogether, for example, "But This Is Opera!", which was cut out in an effort to change the direction of Blind Mag's character. After years of being performed as a stage play, "Repo!" was adapted into a 10-minute short film directed and financed by Darren Lynn Bousman to pitch the idea to film companies. The film starred Shawnee Smith (Amanda Young in the "Saw" films) as Amber Sweet (then named "Heather Sweet"), Michael Rooker ("") as the Repo Man, Kristen Fairlie as Shilo, Terrance Zdunich as GraveRobber, and J. Larose as Pavi.
Once "Repo!" was picked up by Lionsgate, principal photography began on September 2007 in Canada. The film was scheduled to be released on April 25, 2008, but was pushed back to November 7. X Japan member Yoshiki Hayashi produced the soundtrack, along with composing one extra track for the film. He also serves as one of the film's producers. Paul Masse was the cast's vocal coach for the film's soundtrack.
Promotion.
Due to Lionsgate's lack of promotion, director Bousman and creator Zdunich did much of their own promotion. To coincide with the film's release, Bousman, Smith, and Zdunich, as well as various cast members, did a "Repo! Road Tour" version of the film. The tour was set up for one-night screenings of the film in seven different cities across the United States. Principal cast and crew also did extensive Q&A sessions following each screening. Because of strong ticket sales, a second and third touring session were added, in addition to a British tour across four locations. A "Repo! Road Show" was announced on January 28 in 10 cities. This show was similar to the "Repo! Road Tour", except it was almost completely fan-run.
Release.
The film received a limited release in the United States and Canada on November 7, 2008. It had a further limited Canadian release, playing in Toronto from November 21–27, 2008. It was released in the Czech Republic on November 20, this was followed by a theatrical release in Spain on January 2, 2009. In December 2008, several more US theatrical screenings were announced running between January 13–24, 2009 in several cities The Repo! Road Tour made its 4th and final leg (thus far) in Europe from March 7–12, 2009.
After initial theatrical release and DVD sales, fan support has caused "Repo! The Genetic Opera" to be played in select theaters for the duration of 2009 and well into 2014, some with "shadow casts" in which a group of actors and performers re-enact the film in front of the big screen while the film is playing on stage, much like the followers of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". It was re-released in a special screening at the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con International.
Reception.
The film received generally negative reviews from critics; critics polled on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a score of 32% "Rotten", with the site's consensus saying, "Bombastic and intentionally gross, "Repo! The Genetic Opera" has a unique style but lacks the wit and substance to be involving." Kyle Smith of "The New York Post" concluded, "There probably aren't enough futuristic Goth rock musicals, but "Repo! The Genetic Opera" is weak on a couple of things a musical needs: music and lyrics."
Box office.
"Repo!" grossed $53,684 in its opening weekend, a $6,711 average per theater. The film's full eleven-theater release earned $146,750 in the United States, and an additional $41,376 internationally, for a total of $188,126 worldwide, making it a box office failure.
Awards.
Hilton's performance as Amber won her the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress at the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards. At the same ceremony, Hilton was also awarded Worst Actress for her role in "The Hottie and the Nottie".
The songs “Chase the Morning”, “Chromaggia", and "Zydrate Anatomy" were shortlisted for the Academy Award for Best Original Song, although none them were nominated.
Home media.
The film was released January 20, 2009 on DVD and Blu-ray in the US. In Canada, the DVD was released on January 20, 2009 and the Blu-ray was released February 10, 2009. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the UK on March 9, 2009. It was released in Ireland on March 6, 2009. The DVD was released in Germany on April 14.
The US DVD release contains two audio commentaries (one by Bousman and actors Vega, Moseley, and Ogre; the other by Bousman, creators Darren Smith and Terrance Zdunich, and music producer Joseph Bishara), two featurettes ("From Stage to Screen" and "Legal Assassin - A Repo Man"), and the theatrical trailer.
The Blu-ray contains all DVD features including a select scene audio commentary by the director and Paris Hilton, an additional two featurettes ("Zydrate Anatomy - Amber Sweet: Addicted to the Knife" and "Chase the Morning - Blind Mag: The Voice of GeneCo"), a video sing-along with bouncing heart, four deleted scenes ("Needle Through a Bug", "Buon Giorno", "Extended Version of Shilo and Graverobber Escape", and "Come Up and Try My New Parts"), and the theatrical trailer.
Soundtrack.
The "Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" was released September 30, 2008 and only available through Amazon.com and iTunes. A deluxe version of the soundtrack was released on February 17, 2009. All the tracks from the previous release remain on the deluxe edition in the same order, with the new tracks placed in between some tracks, including score tracks. The only track that appears on both albums that differs is Zydrate Anatomy, where it is slightly longer on the deluxe edition.
Possible sequel.
In regards to the possibility of a sequel, Alexa Vega has been quoted as saying: "From the very, very beginning, we always talked about a prequel or a sequel to this film. And it's hard, because as of right now, we all want to do it, but, you know, it didn't really do as we hoped. We didn't really have a lot of support. But we're hoping that the fans will come back, and it will be an underground cult classic that will grow, and that will eventually spark us to do another."
Bousman has also indicated interest, stating; "I would love to follow up "Repo" and finish the story, because it was conceived as a three-part movie. But this movie is all about support from the internet, and support from fans. This is not a movie where you'll see billboards or bus stop ads or trailers on TV."
It is also expected that Hilton would return in her role as Amber Sweet.
However, in a video posted on YouTube, it was revealed that they "no longer control the answer to the question a future sequel" since they no longer have ownership of the franchise, thus driving Bousman and Zdunich to make "The Devil's Carnival".

</doc>
<doc id="9808651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808651" title="Modern Day Drifter">
Modern Day Drifter

Modern Day Drifter is the second album of country music singer Dierks Bentley. It was released May 10, 2005. His second album for Capitol Records Nashville, it produced three singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts: the number 3 "Lot of Leavin' Left to Do", and the Number One hits "Come a Little Closer" and "Settle for a Slowdown". The album sold 1.5 million copies in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="9808668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808668" title="Paul Jaccard">
Paul Jaccard

Paul Jaccard (18 November 1868 in Sainte-Croix - 9 May 1944 in Zurich) was a professor of botany and plant physiology at the ETH Zurich. He studied at the University of Lausanne and ETH Zurich (PhD 1894). He continued studies in Paris with Gaston Bonnier.
He developed the Jaccard index of similarity (he called it "coefficient de communauté") and published it in 1901.
He also introduced the use of the species-to-genus ratio (he called it "generic coefficient") in biogeography. In the 1920s, Paul Jaccard engaged himself in a dispute with the Finnish botanist and phytogeographer Alvar Palmgren over the interpretation of species-to-genus ratio, as evidence of competitive exclusion (as held by Jaccard) or attributable to random sampling (as held by Palmgren).

</doc>
<doc id="9808679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808679" title="The Monk and the Fish">
The Monk and the Fish

The Monk and the Fish () is a 1994 animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit at the studio Folimage. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Animated Short Film at the 67th Academy Awards and Best Short Animated Film at the 48th British Academy Film Awards. It was also one of seven short subjects shown in French cinemas and released on VHS as part of the package film "Le Petit Cirque et autres contes". It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows.
Plot.
Standing next to a water reservoir in a monastery enclave, a monk sees a fish and goes to get his net to catch it. The fish eludes him and the monk gets rather agitated as he tries increasingly extreme ways of catching the fish. He gets into the pond himself, and enlists the help of other monks; he tries candles, and a bow and arrow to no avail. The more the fish manages to evade him, the more obsessed the monk gets. He follows the fish out of the pond into a canal, through different landscapes and out of the confines of the monastery. Eventually the chase gets less frantic and the monk and the fish move in harmony. They float through a door into the open space and drift off into the sky together.
Production.
The film was made using a cel animation technique; nowadays cel animation is often assisted by computers, but this has been made in the traditional way using brush, Indian ink, and watercolour. 
The specially created music score, by Serge Besset, is based on "La Follia" by Arcangelo Corelli.

</doc>
<doc id="9808680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808680" title="Stephen Wright (Scottish footballer)">
Stephen Wright (Scottish footballer)

Stephen Wright (born 27 August 1971) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a defender. Wright joined Dunfermline Athletic as first-team coach in January 2008, moving from his youth coaching role at Rangers.
Career.
Wright started his career with Aberdeen and made nearly 150 league appearances for the Dons before joining Rangers for £1.5m in 1995. Much of his time at Ibrox was spent injured and after just seven league appearances in three years, Wright had a loan spell with Wolverhampton Wanderers before joining Bradford City in 1998. Two years with the Bantams preceded another two with Dundee United, before Wright finished his career in 2002 with a short spell at Scunthorpe United. 
Wright won two international caps, in March and May 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9808688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808688" title="Course of employment">
Course of employment

Course of employment is a legal consideration of all circumstances which may occur in the performance of a person's job, especially during a period of time where specific objectives are given by the employer to the employee. Black's Law Dictionary (2nd Pocket ed. 2001) pg. 154.
Key examples of this consideration under US law can include tort liability or ownership of intellectual property. If an employee is driving a motor vehicle during working hours and harms the person or property of another, a court would consider course of employment to determine if the employer had vicarious liability for the harm. Extreme examples would likely find the employer is liable for a truck driver on her assigned route but not for a secretary picking up his child from day care.
Similarly the employer would likely own the copyright rights to a song written by an employee who was hired as a composer, but not if the employee was hired as an accountant.

</doc>
<doc id="9808693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808693" title="Michael Hart (judge)">
Michael Hart (judge)

Sir Michael Christopher Campbell Hart (7 May 1948 – 20 February 2007) was a British High Court judge in the Chancery Division.
Born in London, Hart was educated at Winchester College, where he was cox of the rowing eight, and read law at Magdalen College, Oxford. He graduated with a first-class degree in 1966, and then studied for the Bachelor of Civil Law. He took a second first, winning the Vinerian Prize and Scholarship for the best exam performance.
He was a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford, from 1970 until his death, with three intermissions in 1977 to 1979, 1986 to 1993 and 1995 to 2001. He was called to the Bar at Gray's Inn in 1970, joining a Chancery chambers, practising in trust law, property law and revenue law.
He met his first wife, Melanie Sandiford, at Oxford, and they were married in 1972; they had two daughters. In 1996, he divorced his first wife, and married a second time, to Sara Jane Hargreaves, a barrister; they had a son.
He became a QC in 1987, and served as a deputy High Court judge from 1991. He became a QC in Northern Ireland in 1994. 
He was appointed a judge in the Chancery Division on 21 April 1998, receiving the customary knighthood. He was Chancery Supervising Judge for the Midland, Western, and Wales and Chester circuits from 2004 to 2006. 
He died of lung cancer, aged 58. He was survived by his second wife, their son, and his two daughters from his first marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9808695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808695" title="Dog Murras">
Dog Murras

Murthala Fançony Bravo de Oliveira (born 17 February 1977) is an Angolan kuduro singer and songwriter stemming from the latest generation of Angola’s contemporary urban music.
Early career.
He began experimenting as a singer as a Fine Arts high school student in Johannesburg, South Africa. In 1995, following an overwhelming urge for songwriting and singing he went upstage at Johannesburg’s Flava nightclub to snatch a 3rd place at a ragamuffin singing contest. A year later, spurred on by a relative of his, he is introduced to a Luanda-based radio talkshow host Miguel Neto who was dumbfounded as he listened to Murras’ singing thus encouraging him to try a more serious approach. Later on, while in South Africa, singer and songwriter Eduardo Paím is dazzled by the raw talent of Dog Murras, which prompts him to promise help the young teenager at his return home. Eduardo Paím at that time was at the initial stage of his plans to set up a recording studio at his Kassenda home in Luanda. In November 1995, following praise from the aforementioned individuals, he returns to Luanda with a strong mindset to officially start a career, register his murraspower brand and conquer the Angolan music market. In his early moves, he would be joined by Eduardo Paím’s boys such as Flay, Gabriel Tchiema, Mister Kim, among others.
Musical career.
After sometime growing as a musician, Dog Murras recorded the single "Don’t Know" which was later released as part of the Pomba Branca (White Dove) charity project. The CD project, that included such songs as Irmãos Almeida’s "Epyto", N’Sex Love’s "Caso Sério", Gabriel Tchiema’s "Tchingoloshy" and Versáteis’ "Menino da Lua", among others, saw Murras’ Don’t Know as a clear winner. In 1998 and 1999, Dog Murras’ was much sought after by other musicians. He provided his expertise in songs such as Luck Seimol’s "Sofro por Ti no Roque", Mister Kim’s "Girl", Flay’s "Com Doçura" as well as in a re-release of Eduardo Paím’s "A Minha Vizinha". In 1999, Dog Murras recorded his debut album Sui Generis, having Nelo Paím as instrumentalist and co-producer and Eduardo Paím, the owner of EP Estúdios, as the album’s executive producer. The final touch-up, including mastering, were made by Portugal’s Energy Record, having the songs starting to be aired in early 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9808736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808736" title="Long Trip Alone">
Long Trip Alone

Long Trip Alone is the third studio album of country music singer Dierks Bentley. It was released October 17, 2006 (see 2006 in country music). His third album for Capitol Records Nashville, it has produced four singles to date on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts: "Every Mile a Memory", the title track, "Free and Easy (Down the Road I Go)", and "Trying to Stop Your Leaving". Of these, both "Every Mile a Memory" and "Free and Easy (Down the Road I Go)" were Number One hits, while "Long Trip Alone" reached Number 10 and "Trying to Stop Your Leaving" peaked at Number 5. Brett Beavers Dierks' producer help him co-write all of the songs on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9808741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808741" title="Montague Modlyn">
Montague Modlyn

Montague ("Monty") Modlyn (born 23 May 1921 in Lambeth – 6 May 1994), was a British journalist, best known as a radio/TV presenter. Modlyn worked extensively on radio and TV, often as a 'roving reporter'.
Modlyn was the son of a Jewish tailor and left school at 14. He worked as a proofreader's assistant for the "Daily Mail" and then wrote for the "South London Press" and the "Evening Standard". His first broadcast was "Down Lambeth Way", a talks programme for Forces radio. He was an outside broadcaster for the Jack de Manio early morning radio programme. In the 1960s he did pilot shows for Tyne Tees TV, including a Christmas Special.
He cultivated an East End working-class image, together with an apparent lack of respect for the rich and famous. His classic interview in this vein was with Ugandan dictator Idi Amin Dada, whom he ingenuously asked how many people he had murdered. Amin responded "You very cheeky man!" 
Modlyn was delighted by that, and adopted a theme song:
On LBC radio he presented "Monty Modlyn at Large". He also presented a series on LBC called "Monty's Pub" where he visited a different public house every week. As well as pubs, Modlyn had a fondness for smoked salmon and cream cheese bagels, which he would consume on air each week during his Sunday evening phone-in show on LBC.
Modlyn was a vocal supporter of the Conservative Party and prime minister Margaret Thatcher. He was pictured with Thatcher at the Tory Youth Rally at the Wembley Conference Centre in London in June 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9808750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808750" title="Ichiji Tasaki">
Ichiji Tasaki

Tasaki is credited with discovering the insulating function of the myelin sheath. His discoveries provided the foundation for a better understanding of diseases such as multiple sclerosis, in which myelin is lost or damaged.
Early life and education.
In 1910, Tasaki was born in Japan. Here and at the urging of his mother, he attended medical school, from which he received his M.D. in 1938. Rather than practising medicine, however, Tasaki decided to pursue his first love; biophysics.
Career.
While in Japan, he studied vertebrate nerve fibers and discovered the insulating function of the myelin sheath, a material that speeds the conduction of nerve impulses. He also was the first to show that electrical impulses traveling along myelinated nerve cells actually "jump" between the breaks in the myelin wrapping, called nodes of Ranvier. This process, termed saltatory conduction, is featured in a majority of physiology textbooks.
After World War II, Tasaki's research took him to England and to Switzerland, where he further studied the properties of nerve fibers. In 1951, he came to the United States to work at Washington University in St. Louis. While there, Tasaki and his colleagues demonstrated how vibrations that occur in the cochlea in response to sound are translated into electrical signals that the brain can interpret. This effort led to the development of the field of audiology, indirectly providing the basis for diagnosing and treating many hearing disorders.
Research interests.
Tasaki began his career at the National Institutes of Health in 1953, at NINDS, then called the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Blindness. In 1957, he became a naturalized U.S. citizen.
Later, he moved to the NIMH, where he was a lab chief for 22 years. At the time of his death, he was on detail to NICHD. Since coming to NIH, Tasaki studied the physical and chemical processes that occur in nerve membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="9808756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808756" title="Belarus–European Union relations">
Belarus–European Union relations

Belarus–European Union relations refers to relations between Belarus and the European Union. Mutual relations were initially established after the European Union recognised Belarusian independence in 1991. After the rise to power of Alexander Lukashenko in 1994, the relationship between Minsk and the EU deteriorated and has remained cold and distanced. Relations have started to improve since October 2008.
Legal framework.
Although the European Union and Belarus signed a Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA) in 1995, which was intended to govern the mutual political and economic relations, this agreement was not ratified by the EU. Furthermore, the European Union has excluded Belarus from its European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which was originally designed to establish a "ring of friends" in the Union's geographical proximity. Brussels has claimed this exclusion to be a direct response to the establishment of an authoritarian regime under President Lukashenko. However, EU-Belarus trade relations are still covered by the Union's Generalised System of Preferences and the most favoured nation (MFN) provisions of the 1989 Agreement between the EU and the Soviet Union. Belarus is amongst the few states in Europe that have not asked for membership in the European Union. Similarly, the European Union has not offered membership to Minsk. Belarus has continuously sought to further its economic and political ties with Russia, being one of the founding members of the Union State (formerly the 'Union State of Russia and Belarus').
In October 2009, a poll conducted by the independent NISEPI institute in Belarus found that 44.1 percent of the Belarusian people would vote Yes in a referendum to join the EU, compared to 26.7 percent one year earlier. Local experts are linking the swing to more pro-EU messages in Belarusian state media, Polish daily Rzeczpospolita says.

</doc>
<doc id="9808786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808786" title="Russians in the United Kingdom">
Russians in the United Kingdom

There have been Russians in the United Kingdom since the nineteenth century.
Settlement and population numbers.
The 2001 UK Census recorded 15,160 Russian-born residents. Estimates published by the The Guardian suggest that the resident Russian-born population of the UK was over 150,000 in 2014.
The rise in population has led to jocular nicknames for London such as "Londongrad" and "Moscow-on-the-Thames".
In London and the South East there are a number of Russian schools aimed at transmitting Russian language and culture to the children of Russian immigrant parents.
The Russian ambassador to the United Kingdom Yuri Fedotov has stated that local Russians fall victim to xenophobia and that the police often refuse to investigate those incidents.
Many Russians also came to UK from the Baltic states, after they joined the EU in 2004.
The total number of people of Russian descent is close to 300,000 
Notable people.
This is a list of Russian expatriates in the United Kingdom and Britons of Russian ancestry including Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="9808788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808788" title="Relational noun">
Relational noun

Relational nouns or relator nouns are a class of words used in many languages. They are characterized as functioning syntactically as nouns, although they convey the meaning for which other languages use adpositions (i.e. prepositions and postpositions). In Central America, the use of relational nouns constitutes an areal feature of the Mesoamerican Linguistic Area, including the Mayan languages, Mixe–Zoquean languages, and Oto-Manguean languages. Relational nouns are also widespread in South-East Asia (e.g. Vietnamese, Thai), East Asia (e.g. Mandarin Chinese, Japanese, Tibetan), the Munda languages of South Asia (e.g. Sora), Micronesian languages and in Turkish.
A relational noun is grammatically speaking a simple noun, but because its meaning describes a spatial or temporal relation rather than a "thing", it describes location, movement, and other relations just as prepositions do in the languages that have them. When used the noun is "owned" by another noun and describes a relation between its "owner" and a third noun. For example one could say "the cup is the table its-surface", where "its surface" is a relational noun denoting the position of something standing on a flat surface.
E.g., in Classical Nahuatl:
Similarly, in Japanese:
In Mandarin Chinese:
Or, in Turkish:
Often relational nouns will be derived from, or related in meaning to, words for bodyparts, so that for example to say "inside" one will say "its stomach" or to say "on top of" one will say "its back".

</doc>
<doc id="9808806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808806" title="Morten Madsen">
Morten Madsen

Morten Madsen (born January 16, 1987 in Rødovre) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who has played more than 100 games in the AHL. He is currently playing with the Hamburg Freezers in the "Deutsche Eishockey Liga" (German Ice Hockey League).
Playing career.
Morten Madsen was drafted by the Minnesota Wild in the 4th round, 122nd overall, in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. After being drafted, Madsen joined the Victoriaville Tigres of the QMJHL for the 2006–07 season. In his lone season in the QMJHL he registered 32 goals and 68 assists for 100 points in 62 games. In six playoff games with the Tigres he scored 3 goals and added 6 assists in six games. Before entering the QMJHL he played for Frölunda HC's junior team in Sweden. Prior to moving to Sweden he played junior hockey for Danish Rødovre Mighty Bulls as well as two games for Rødovre's senior team at the age of 15.
In 2007 Madsen signed a three-year contract with Minnesota Wild in NHL but only got to play with the Houston Aeros in the AHL. After two seasons with Houston he signed a try-out contract with Modo Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien. His stay with MODO proved successful and he extended his contract which now runs until the end of the 2012-13 season. Prior to the 2010-11 season, he was named an alternate captain for the Örnsköldsvik team.
After four seasons with Modo, Madsen left out of contract to sign a one-year deal in Germany with the Hamburg Freezer of the DEL on April 8, 2013.
International play.
Madsen was a member of Team Denmark at the 2006 World Championships in Riga, Latvia. He would play in three games without registering a point.
In December 2006, Madsen played a key role as the Danish team, playing on home ice in Odense, gained promotion from the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships Pool I to the top flight for the first time ever. Madsen was the top scorer for the Danish team, notching 2 goals and 7 assists in 5 games.
In 2007, Madsen was once again a member of Team Denmark at the 2007 World Championships in Moscow, Russia. He played in 5 games scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="9808807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808807" title="Marmara University Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences">
Marmara University Faculty of Economics and Administrative Sciences

The Faculty of Economic and Administrative Sciences of Marmara University has a 127 year history and provides education in 11 departments and in four languages: Turkish, English, German and French.
History.
With the purpose of freeing domestic trade from the hegemony of foreigners and providing the much needed knowledge base for the class of national traders, it was the Ottoman Minister of Trade Suphi Pasha who took the first initiative to lay the foundations of the Faculty. His initiative resulted in the opening of the ‘Hamidiye School of Higher Commercial Education' by the Minister of Education Tahir Pasha on 16 January 1883.
The introduction of an educational system providing both theoretical and practical courses contributed to the credibility of the School in 1915, and resulted in the establishment of the first specialized departments.
In the 1923-1924 academic year, the School was transferred to the Ministry of Economy, and starting with this period, it also became the first institution in Turkey where male and female students received mixed education.
In 1924, the school was renamed the ‘Higher School of Economics and Commerce' and transferred to the Ministry of Education. In addition to the graduates of Commercial High Schools, other high school graduates started to be admitted in 1927.
After the promulgation of the Law of Academies in 1959, the school was renamed the ‘Academy of Economics and Commercial Sciences,' and specialized areas were re-grouped under the branches of ‘Public Finance-Accounting', ‘Economic Business Management' and ‘Foreign Trade and Tourism'. In the meantime, the duration of education was increased from three to four years.
In 1967, evening programs were initiated and some changes in their program were introduced by the Board of Academies. Specialized branches were then re-grouped under two departments: ‘Economics-Public Finance' and ‘Business Administration-Accounting'.
‘The Istanbul Academy of Economics and Commercial Sciences,' which emerged as a fully autonomous legal entity with an extra budget opened three institutes - Accounting, Business Administration Sciences and Turkish Economy Sciences - during the 1972-1974 academic years.
The Academy opened the faculties of ‘Economics,' ‘Business Administration' and ‘Political Science' in the 1977-1978 academic year. In 1982, ‘Galatasaray Business Administration School' was turned into the ‘Faculty of Business Administration', and ‘Aksaray School of Commerce' and ‘Beyazit School of Finance and Accounting' into the ‘Faculty of Commercial Sciences'. The Act No. 41 of July 1982 joined all faculties that emerged as a result of these changes under the ‘Faculty of Economic and Administrative Sciences' of Marmara University, and our institution has become a full-fledged university under the Council of Higher Education of Turkey. (History of faculty)
Faculty Emblem.
http://iibf.marmara.edu.tr/index.php?sayfa=29

</doc>
<doc id="9808851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808851" title="Grafsee">
Grafsee

Grafsee (literally "Count Lake") is a lake in northern Italy. It lies more than 2000 metres above sea level and approximately 500 metres above the Hatzlacke lake. Both lakes can be reached on foot by following travel route 5 beginning from Kematen. To the south of the lake is a snack station called the Gruben alpine hut.
The cold lake water with A grade quality remains very fresh at 11 °C even on hot summer days. Bathing is therefore only conditionally recommended. Various kinds of trout thrive in the lake. Rain and snow melt supply the lake with fresh water, there being no natural in- and outflows. The lake received its name from a legend that a count was once turned into water.

</doc>
<doc id="9808866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808866" title="Follo Folk High School">
Follo Folk High School

Follo Folk High School is located in Vesby, Follo district, Norway. It is situated centrally in the municipality of Vestby, with a population of approximately 13,000.
The school has room for 105 students spread across 6 hostels. Students share twin-bedded rooms, with several single bed rooms available. The main structure houses the library, gymnasium with theatre stage, dance studio, living room with fireplace and television, auditorium with stage, dining hall, workshops for arts and crafts, and a recording studio.
The Folk High School provides no vocational or professional training and awards no formal academic credits for foreign students. However, students do a year of systematic education as well as a certificate of attendance showing participation in different activities.
All instruction is held in Norwegian, except certain classes focusing on international affairs, as well as some classes in Norwegian for foreign students. English may be used as a support language.
Major subjects.
International students take a subject called Norwegian language and culture, which they attend in addition to one of the major subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="9808867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808867" title="John Tomkins">
John Tomkins

John Patrick Tomkins is an American who was convicted of sending several threatening letters and bomb-like devices to financial firms in the Midwestern United States under the pseudonym The Bishop. A machinist and lifelong resident of Dubuque, Iowa, he is now serving a 37-year sentence in federal prison.
Beginning.
Beginning in 2005, threatening letters were sent to various financial institutions, demanding that certain stock prices be raised to $6.66 (the Biblical "Number of the Beast"). The letters were signed by "The Bishop". The return addresses on the letters were from various cities in the Midwest. The sender set deadlines for the stock prices to be changed, and threatened to take action if the deadlines were not met. The companies to whom the letters were sent had no way of manipulating stock prices, and the deadlines passed with no action from the firms "The Bishop" contacted.
Bombs.
In January 2007, The Bishop mailed two pipe bombs; one to American Century Investments in Kansas City, and the other to Janus Capital Group in Denver which was in turn accidentally forwarded to a subsidiary investment firm located in the downtown Chicago area known as The Loop. The bombs had vital parts missing, and are believed to have been meant as warnings. A typed letter accompanied each device, suggesting that if certain demands were not met more letter bombs would follow.
Theories.
Security analysts who have examined "The Bishop"'s modus operandi speculate that he may be emulating the 1972 Charles Bronson movie "The Mechanic". In the movie, Bronson portrays an assassin named "Arthur Bishop", who uses bombs to kill others. Bronson also leaves a note for an intended victim saying "Bang, you're dead"—the same text was found in notes sent by "The Bishop" in his suspicious packages.
Arrest.
On April 25, 2007, U.S. law enforcement agencies in Dubuque, Iowa, arrested John Tomkins of Dubuque, whom they believed to be "The Bishop." Authorities have identified the suspect as a 42-year-old former postal worker. He has been described as a machinist who is married. This does not fit the original criminal profile compiled by the FBI.
According to sources, analyzing and following stock trading records led U.S. Postal Service investigators to the suspect. Also, it is reported that a photograph included in an October 25, 2005 threat letter showed the window of the vehicle from which the photograph was taken. The vehicle was identified as a four-door Chevrolet Lumina. Authorities observed the suspect driving a red 1993 Chevrolet Lumina. The interior of the vehicle appears to match the vehicle shown in the photograph.
After authorities surveilled the suspect for a lengthy period and built their case, search and arrest warrants were executed. Because of the nature of The Bishop's alleged crimes—sending IEDs (Improvised Explosive Device) through the mail—the possibility that he could detonate an IED while being arrested was a major safety concern.
After the arrest warrant was served, authorities in Dubuque evacuated part of an apartment complex when a bomb-sniffing dog stopped at a storage locker connected to the suspect. The apartment complex is located about a mile from the suspect's residence on the west side of town.
A KWWL news story says friends and family expressed great surprise at the suspect's arrest. The same story indicates he was very active in the local Eagles' lodge 
Jurisdiction.
The mailings are said to have occurred in Des Moines, Iowa, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Chicago, Illinois regions. The government chose the Northern District of Illinois as the venue for prosecution
. None of the offenses are alleged to have occurred in Dubuque, which is in the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa. Des Moines is in the territory of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa.
Indictment.
On September 18, 2007, a special federal grand jury returned a fifteen count indictment. The suspect was charged with ten counts of securities fraud, two counts of mailing threatening letters to further a scheme of extortion, two counts of possessing an unregistered explosive device, a finally, one count of using an explosive device in the commission of a crime.
Dismissals.
On March 6, 2009, a federal judge dismissed the ten counts of securities fraud, ruling the charges did not apply to the suspect because no attempt was made to manipulate the stock market. The suspect still faced five federal destructive device charges.
New charges.
On April 30, 2009, prosecutors filed a new 13-count indictment based on the findings of a new grand jury. The indictment charged the former postal worker with two counts of possession of an unregistered destructive device, one count of using such a device while committing a violent crime, and ten counts of mailing a threatening communication with the intent to commit extortion. Tomkins remained held without bail at a Chicago federal prison.
Trial, conviction and sentencing.
On July 21, 2010, Tomkins backed out of a plea deal and filed a motion to act as his own attorney at trial. He told the court that he would plead guilty to the 12 lesser counts, in the hope that prosecutors would drop the 13th count to avoid a trial. That count, possession of a destructive device while committing a violent crime, carries a minimum sentence of 30 years in prison. Tomkins told the court, "If they insist on a trial, a trial they'll have. It's going to be lengthy. I'm going to defend myself to the best of my ability."
In 2012, Tomkins defended himself at trial in Chicago. He admitted sending the packages but insisted they would never have exploded. On May 4, 2012, after deliberating for about two hours, a jury found him guilty of nine counts of extortion and three counts relating to the pipe bombs, including one count of "building, possessing and delivering a destructive device."
Tomkins was sentenced to 37 years in federal prison on May 21, 2013. He is currently incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Institution, Pekin, a medium-security facility in Illinois, and is scheduled for release in 2039.

</doc>
<doc id="9808885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808885" title="Clinical ethnography">
Clinical ethnography

Clinical ethnography is a term first used by Gilbert Herdt and Robert Stoller in a series of papers in the 1980s. As Herdt defines it, clinical ethnography
is the intensive study of subjectivity in cultural context...clinical ethnography is focused on the microscopic understanding of sexual subjectivity and individual differences within cross-cultural communities. What distinguishes clinical ethnography from anthropological ethnography in general is (a) the application of disciplined clinical training to ethnographic problems and (b) developmental concern with desires and meanings as they are distributed culturally within groups and across the course of life.
Clinical ethnography has strong similarities to person-centered ethnography, a term used by Robert I. Levy, a psychoanalytically trained psychiatrist, to describe his anthropological fieldwork in Tahiti and Nepal in the 1960s-1980s and used by many of his students and interlocutors. In practice the two approaches overlap but seem to differ in emphasis: clinical ethnography seems to be used more by anthropologists writing about sexuality or medical anthropology (particularly psychiatric anthropology, e.g. Luhrmann 2000), while person-centered ethnography, though sometimes addressing these topics, more often focuses on the study of self and emotion cross-culturally. Person-centered anthropology also implies a style of ethnographic writing that emphasizes psychological case studies.
Both represent a continuation of an older tradition within psychological anthropology and Culture and Personality studies particularly. Scholars in this tradition have had their primary training in anthropology or psychiatry (or rarely both) and have conducted ethnographic fieldwork strongly informed by psychodynamic theories (though not necessarily orthodox Freudian theory), some degree of training in psychiatric or clinical psychological interviewing techniques, and attention to a set of issues including the role of culture in or the cross-cultural study of emotions, sexuality, identity, the experience of self, and mental health. Figures in this larger tradition include but are not limited to: Jean Briggs, George Devereux, Cora DuBois, A. Irving Hallowell, Abram Kardiner, Ralph Linton, Melford Spiro, and at least tangentially Gregory Bateson, Margaret Mead, and Marvin Opler.
Active research and training programs in clinical ethnography today include the Clinical Ethnography and Mental Health track in the Department of Comparative Human Development at the University of Chicago, and some of the qualitative researchers at the National Sexuality Resource Center, directed by Gilbert Herd at San Francisco State University. Aside from Herdt, scholars using the term include Andrew Boxer, Bertram J. Cohler, and Tanya Luhrmann, as well as many of their students.

</doc>
<doc id="9808896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808896" title="Uyir">
Uyir

Uyir is a 2006 Tamil drama film directed by Samy. Starring Srikanth, Sangeetha and Samvrutha Sunil, the film revolves around a woman who falls in love with her brother-in-law after the demise of her husband. The film was released on June 30, 2006 and received an U/A certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification of India. The film's music was composed by Joshua Sridhar.
Plot.
Sundar (Srikanth) moves in with his brother's family, consisting of his brother, sister-in-law Arundathi (Sangeetha) and their daughter Aishwarya (Ramya). Sundar becomes very close to all three of them, but unbeknownst to him, Arundathi is interested in him. Sundar drops his niece off at school every day and meets his girlfriend Anandi (Samvritha) there. His brother is excited to learn about their relationship but soon afterward commits suicide. Arundathi claims that his suicide was caused by problems at work. Sundar becomes obligated to take care of his late brother's family, as Arundathi and Aishwarya have nowhere else to go. Arundathi tries her best to end Sundar's relationship with Anandi while subtly hinting to Sundar about her love for him. Anandi tries to warn Sundar about his conniving sister-in-law, but Arundathi succeeds in her plan. Did Sundar get together with Anandi or not is rest of the plot.

</doc>
<doc id="9808909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808909" title="Vegetable oil economy">
Vegetable oil economy

Vegetable oil economy deals with the potential of vegetable oil to replace fossil fuels in the economy and how it compares to other potential replacements. Vegetable oils are the basis of biodiesel, which can be used like conventional diesel. Some vegetable oil blends are used in unmodified vehicles, but straight vegetable oil needs specially prepared vehicles which have a method of heating the oil to reduce its viscosity and surface tension. Another alternative is vegetable oil refining.
The availability of biodiesel around the world is increasing, although still tiny compared to conventional fossil fuel sources. There is significant research in algaculture methods to make biofuel from algae.
Concerns have been expressed about growing crops for fuel use rather than food and the environmental impacts of large-scale agriculture and land clearing required to expand the production of vegetable oil for fuel use. These effects/impacts would need to be specifically researched and evaluated, economically and ecologically, and weighed in balance with the proposed benefits of vegetable oil fuel in relation to the use of other fuel sources.
Future of energy for world economy.
There is a limited amount of fossil fuel inside the Earth. Since the current world energy resources and consumption is mainly fossil fuels, we are very dependent on them for both transportation and electric power generation. The Hubbert peak theory predicts that oil depletion will result in oil production dropping off in the not too distant future. As time goes on our economy will have to transition to some alternative fuels. Fossil fuels have solved two problems which could be separately solved in the future: the problem of a source of primary energy and of energy storage. Along with straight vegetable oil and biodiesel, some energy technologies that could play an important part in the future include:
Net CO2 or greenhouse gas production.
Plants use sunlight and photosynthesis to take carbon dioxide (CO2) out of the Earth's atmosphere to make vegetable oil. The same CO2 is then put back after it is burned in an engine. Thus vegetable oil does not increase the CO2 in the atmosphere, and does not directly contribute to the problem of greenhouse gas. It is really a way of catching and storing solar energy; it is a renewable energy.
However, as with other "renewable" energy sources, there may be a (relatively small) carbon footprint associated with production or distribution of vegetable oil.
Safety.
Vegetable oil is far less toxic than other fuels such as gasoline, petroleum-based diesel, ethanol, or methanol, and has a much higher flash point (approximately 275-290 °C). The higher flash point reduces the risk of accidental ignition. Some types of vegetable oil are edible.
Generation and storage.
Technologies of hydrogen economy, batteries, compressed air energy storage, and flywheel energy storage address the energy storage problem but not the source of primary energy. Other technologies like fission power, fusion power, and solar power address the problem of a source of primary energy but not energy storage. Vegetable oil addresses both the source of primary energy and of energy storage. The cost and weight to store a given amount of energy as vegetable oil is low compared to many of the potential replacements for fossil fuels.
Type of vegetable oil.
The list of vegetable oils article discusses which types of vegetable oil are used for fuel and where different types are grown.
Transportation.
Vegetable oil is used for transportation in four different ways:
The transition can start with biodiesel, vegetable oil refining, and vegetable oil blends, since these technologies do not require the capital outlay of converting an engine to run on vegetable oils. Because it costs to convert vegetable oil into biodiesel it is expected that vegetable oil will always be cheaper than biodiesel. After there are production cars that can use straight vegetable oil and a standard type available at gas stations, consumers will probably choose straight vegetable oil to save money. So the transition to vegetable oil can happen gradually.
Electricity generation.
Other methods, like nuclear power, fusion power, wind power and solar power, may provide cheaper electricity, so vegetable oil may only be used in peaking power plants and small power plants, as diesel is limited to today. There is at least one 5 MW power plant that runs on biodiesel. MAN B&W Diesel, Wärtsilä and other companies produce engines suitable for power generation that can be fueled with pure plant oils.
Market, cost, price, and taxes.
In Europe, straight vegetable oil (SVO) costs 150 pence/litre at most supermarkets and somewhat less when bought in bulk direct from the manufacturers whereas diesel costs at least 130 pence per litre (in the UK ) to well over that (depends on the year, 1.4 euro is the current market price in central Europe). In the USA, diesel costs about 0,6 $ per liter and the cheapest SVO costs about the same, with more expensive oils costing more than that (up to 7$ per gallon).
The availability of biodiesel around the World is increasing. It is estimated that by 2010 the market for biodiesel will be 7.5 billion litres (2 billion USgallons) in the U.S and 9.5 billion litres (2.5 billion USgallons) in Europe. Biodiesel currently has 3% of the diesel market in Germany and is the number 1 alternative fuel. The German government has a Biofuels Roadmap in which they expect to reach 10% biofuels by 2010 with the diesel 10% coming from fuel made from vegetable oil.
From 2005 to 2007 a number of types of vegetable oil have doubled in price. The rise in vegetable oil prices is largely attributed to biofuel demand.
Much of the fuel price at the pump is due to fuel tax. If you buy vegetable oil at the grocery store it does not have such high taxes. So at times people have bought vegetable oil at the store for their cars because it was cheaper. They did this in spite of the fact that packaging by the gallon adds to the cost and it was illegal to use in a car since no fuel tax had been paid on it.
Since vegetable oil (even as biodiesel) does not contribute to greenhouse gas, governments may tax it much less than gasoline as they have done with ethanol.
This would help them reach Kyoto protocol targets.
Production in sufficient quantity.
The World production of vegetable oil seed is forecast to be 418 million tonnes in 2008/09. After pressing this will make 131 million tonnes of vegetable oil. Much of this is from Oil Palm, and palm oil production is growing at 5% per year. At about 7.5 lb/USgal (900 g/L) this is about 38 billion USgallons (144 billion L). Currently vegetable oil is mostly used in food and some industrial uses with a small percentage used as fuel. The major fuel usage is by conversion to biodiesel with about in 2009.
In 2004 the US consumed 530 billion litres (140 billion USgal) of gasoline and 150 billion litres (40 billion USgal) of diesel. In biodiesel it says oil palm produces 5940 litres per hectare (635 USgal/acre) of palm oil each year. To make of vegetable oil each year would require or a square of land on a side.
"The gradual move from oil has begun. Over the next 15 to 20 years we may see biofuels providing a full 25 percent of the world's energy needs. While the move is good for reducing greenhouse emissions, soaring oil prices have encouraged most countries to 'go green' by switching to greater use of biofuels." - Alexander Müller, Assistant Director-General of Sustainable Development at the FAO.
Algaculture could potentially produce far more oil per unit area. Results from pilot algaculture projects using sterile CO2 from power plant smokestacks look promising.
Genetic modifications to soybeans are already being used. Genetic modifications and breeding can increase vegetable oil yields. From 1979 to 2005 the soybean yield in bushels per acre more than doubled. A company has developed a variety of camelina sativa that yields 20% more oil than the standard variety.
Environmental effects.
There is concern that the current growing demand for vegetable oil is causing deforestation, with old forests being replaced with oil palms. When land is cleared it is often burned, which releases lots of CO2. Vegetable oil production would have to increase substantially to replace gasoline and diesel. With current technology such an increase in production would have a substantial environmental impact.
Food vs fuel debate.
In some poor countries the rising price of vegetable oil is causing problems. There are those that say using a food crop for fuel sets up competition between food in poor countries and fuel in rich countries. Some propose that fuel only be made from non-edible vegetable oils like jatropha oil. Others argue that the problem is more fundamental. The law of supply and demand predicts that if fewer farmers are producing food the price of food will rise. It may take some time, as farmers can take some time to change which things they are growing, but increasing demand for biofuels is likely to result in price increases for many kinds of food. Some have pointed out that there are poor farmers and poor countries making more money because of the higher price of vegetable oil.
With the use of non-edible vegetable oils produced by trees such as Millettia Pinnata (formerly Pongamia Pinnata) or the Moringa oleifera tree, both which grow on borderline or non-arable land, the food versus fuel debate becomes less of an either/or question.
Apart from their facility of growing in non-arable and/or marginal land, these trees offer major advantages over peanut, soy-bean, sunflower, etc., in that they have long lives (up to 100 years), very low maintenance (since the intensive husbandry is limited to the first few years of their producing lives) and can provide cash-crops to rural areas, such as rural India. In the case of Millettia Pinnata and a few others, the fact that they are nitrogen-fixing legumes is another very important factor, in that they do not deplete the soil.
Among other benefits of these trees is that they have root-systems that penetrate much deeper and do not compete with shallow-rooted plants, like grass (once the trees have attained a certain maturity). This means that the land can be used for multiple purposes, such as grazing for animals. Yet another benefit of using Millettia Pinnata to produce bio-diesel is that it can tolerate low rainfall (as little as 250 ml per year), far below what most food-crops require, thus reducing yet more their potential to compete.
Algae for vegetable oil production.
Some species of algae contain as much as 50% vegetable oil. Algae have very high growth rates compared to plants normally used to produce vegetable oil. Potentially algae could produce much more oil per area of land than current farming methods. So producing vegetable oil this way should result in less deforestation and less competition for food production land. One expert wrote: "As demonstrated here, microalgal biodiesel is technically feasible. It is the only renewable biodiesel that can potentially completely displace liquid fuels derived from petroleum. Economics of producing microalgal biodiesel need to improve substantially to make it competitive with petrodiesel, but the level of improvement necessary appears to be attainable.
Where there is existing electricity generation using fossil fuels, there is a source of sterile CO2. This makes algaculture much easier. To grow algae you need lots of CO2, but if you get it from air you will also get all kinds of other organisms, some of which eat algae. Getting CO2 from a smokestack works out really well. Governments trying to address the external costs of coal power plants may have a carbon tax or carbon credit that provides additional motivation to use CO2 from smokestacks. Several commercial pilot plants are under construction.
There is substantial research and development work in this area but as of 2007 there is no commercial vegetable oil produced from algae and used as biofuel. ExxonMobil is investing $600 million and estimates they are 5 to 10 years from significant production, but could invest billions in final development and commercialization. If and when the commercialization challenges are overcome, vegetable oil production could expand very rapidly.
In 2012 President Obama supported the idea of getting oil from algae.

</doc>
<doc id="9808916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808916" title="Odo, Count of Champagne">
Odo, Count of Champagne

Odo (Modern ; 1115) was Count of Troyes and of Meaux from 1047 to 1066, then Count of Aumale from 1069 to 1115. He was later also known as the count of Champagne and as Eudes II of Troyes.
Biography.
Odo was the son of Stephen II of Troyes and Meaux, and Adele. He was still a minor at the death of his father, and his uncle Theobald III of Blois acted as regent of Troyes.
In 1060, Odo married Adelaide of Normandy, daughter of Robert I, Duke of Normandy and widow of Enguerrand II, Count of Ponthieu, Lord of Aumale and Lambert II, Count of Lens. After the death of Enguerrand's only daughter Adelaide, her mother Adelaide of Normandy became her heir and hence through his marriage Odo acquired the title Count (or Earl) of Aumale in Normandy by right of his wife.
Adelaide (sometime called Adeliza) was also sister of William the Conqueror, and Odo accompanied his brother-in-law in the Norman conquest of England (1066). Theobald III of Blois then seized Odo's counties in the Champagne region, For his services to William, William gave Odo Holderness in Yorkshire.
Odo was, with Alan Rufus and Roger of Poitou, one of the commanders of the army sent by King William II to besiege William de St-Calais at Durham Castle after the Rebellion of 1088, and who signed St-Calais's guarantee of personal safety.
Implicated in a plot against the King William Rufus, Odo was imprisoned in 1095.
Family.
Odo had one son with Adelaide: Stephen, Count of Aumale (died 1127).
Richard Langrishe (1900) rejected an older theory that Raymond FitzGerald (died 1185/1198) was the primogenitor of the Irish family of Le Gras (Grace). Two years later he published another paper in which he put forward the theory that Odo was the primogenitor. However Richard Roach (1970) upheld the older proposition, but more recently M. T. Flanagan (2004) disagreed with Roach because FitzGerald had no known legitimate heirs.

</doc>
<doc id="9808918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808918" title="Ryūichi Tamura">
Ryūichi Tamura

Biography.
Tamura was born in what is now Sugamo, Tokyo. After graduation from the Third Metropolitan Commercial High School, he was hired by Tokyo Gas, but quit work after only one day. He then continued his studies, and was a graduate of the Literature Department of Meiji University, where he met a group of young poets interested in modernism. He was drafted into the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1943, and although he did not see combat, the fact that many of his friends died in the war left him psychologically scarred.
In 1947, after World War II, he revived the literary magazine "Arechi" ("The Waste Land"), with his surviving school friends, and became an important figure in post-war modern Japanese poetry. He also began translation work of English language novels, starting with the works of Agatha Christie.
His first poetry anthology, "Yosen no hi no yoru" ("Four Thousand Days and Nights", 1956), introduced a hard tone to modern Japanese poetry, using paradoxes, metaphors, and sharp imagery to describe the sense of dislocation and crisis experienced by people who had suffered through the rapid modernization of Japan and the destruction of World War II. With the publication of "Kotoba no nai sekai" ("World Without Words", 1962), he was established as a major poet. He spent five months at the University of Iowa's International Writing Program in 1967-68 as Guest Poet. Later, he traveled to England, Scotland and India. These travel experiences filled another twenty eight volumes of poetry. He was awarded the prestigious Yomiuri Prize In 1984.
Tamura was awarded the 54th Japan Academy of Arts Award for Poetry in 1998. He died of esophageal cancer later that same year. His grave is at the temple of Myohon-ji in Kamakura.

</doc>
<doc id="9808923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808923" title="Third Nigerian Republic">
Third Nigerian Republic

The Third Republic was the planned republican government of Nigeria in 1993 which was to be governed by the Third Republican constitution. 
Founding (1993).
The constitution of the Third Republic was drafted in 1989, when General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida (IBB), the military Head of State, promised to terminate military rule by 1990 – a date which was subsequently pushed back to 1993. IBB lifted the ban on political activity in the spring of 1989, and his government established two political parties: the center-right National Republican Convention (NRC) and the center-left Social Democratic Party (SDP). Gubernatorial and state legislative elections were conducted in December 1991, while the presidential election was postponed till 12 June 1993 – due to political unrest. MKO Abiola, a wealthy Yoruba businessman, won a decisive victory in the presidential elections on the SDP platform.
Annulment.
On 23 June 1993, IBB had the election annulled, and this threw the country into chaos. IBB eventually bowed to pressures from his inner circle and resigned from office on 23 August 1993. Ernest Shonekan, a Yoruba business man, and the head of IBB’s transition team, assumed the office of the presidency as the Head of the Interim National Government. Shonekan was unable to manage the political turmoil which ensued in the post IBB months. His caretaker government was quietly removed from office, by the Minister of Defence, General Sani Abacha on 17 November 1993. On 11 June 1994, president-elect Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola, declared himself president and went into hiding. The Abacha administration hunted Abiola down and arrested him for treason. Abiola remained in prison until his death in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9808954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808954" title="Safety Training">
Safety Training

"Safety Training" is the twentieth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series "The Office". Written by B. J. Novak, who also acts in the show as sales representative Ryan Howard, and directed by "Caddyshack" and "National Lampoon's Vacation" director Harold Ramis, the episode aired in the United States on April 12, 2007 on NBC.
In the episode, Michael attempts to prove life in an office is dangerous after Darryl berates him about the dangers of the warehouse. The attempts lead him to the roof of the building, where he tries to show that depression caused by an office can lead to desperate circumstances. Meanwhile, gambling between the other employees of the office leads Karen to discover that she is still an outsider.
Plot.
When Michael Scott (Steve Carell) repeatedly disrupts Darryl Philbin's (Craig Robinson) warehouse safety training session, Lonny Collins (Patrice O'Neal) and Darryl mock the office workers' safety session in retaliation, claiming that office work does not entail physical danger. Offended by Darryl's disdain for office safety training, Michael decides to demonstrate the risk of depression and suicide by jumping off the roof, landing on a hidden trampoline. When Michael tests out the trampoline landing on a watermelon, it bounces off and hits an office worker's car, prompting it to be replaced by a bouncy castle hidden from the general view of the parking lot. From the roof of the building, Michael talks dramatically about the dangers of depression. When the bouncy castle is discovered, Jim and Pam realize that Michael is "going to kill himself pretending to kill himself." The employees collectively talk Michael down from the roof, with Darryl doing most of the talking, to assure Michael that he is brave simply by living as himself. At the end, the car that was hit by the watermelon is revealed to be Stanley's (Leslie David Baker), who is shocked to see the mess.
Meanwhile, the office staff begins betting on various things, from counting the jelly beans in Pam Beesly's (Jenna Fischer) candy dish to whether Creed Bratton (portrayed by the actor of the same name) will notice that his apple has been replaced with a potato. Karen Filippelli (Rashida Jones) loses every bet and realizes that she is still an outsider. Also, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) returns to the office after several weeks in anger management training, determined to make a fresh start with his co-workers. His attempts to go by the name Drew are unsuccessful, and Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) decides to shun Andy for three years, although he often "unshuns" him to inform him of Michael's plans.
Production.
"Safety Training" was the second episode of the series directed by Harold Ramis. Ramis had previously directed the episode "A Benihana Christmas" earlier in the third season. The episode was the sixth of the series written by B. J. Novak. Novak also acts in the show as Ryan Howard.
Brian Baumgartner, who portrays accountant Kevin Malone, stated that while director Harold Ramis didn't make any major changes in the script of "Safety Training", his input changed other points of the script. Baumgartner said that "...our structure and how the show is written is all there and pretty much doesn't change. Harold (Ramis) might have ideas or specific changes that would change a moment." The hand movement used by Dwight Schrute to "shun", and then "un-shun" Andy Bernard was improvised by Rainn Wilson.
Reception.
"Safety Training" received a 4.1/11 in the Nielsen ratings among people ages 18–49, meaning that 4.1 percent of all people 18–49 watched the episode, and 11 percent of all people 18–49 watching TV at the time viewed the episode. "Safety Training" received 7.7 million viewers overall.
The episode was almost universally praised by critics. Abby West of "Entertainment Weekly" complimented the writing of B.J. Novak in the episode, saying that "This was another gem... kept a very nice light touch on the whole love triangle thing, only giving us that one wonderfully uncomfortable moment at Pam's desk when they were betting on how many jelly beans were in the container." IGN's Brian Zoromski rated it 10 out of 10, making it only one of two third season episodes he deemed a "masterpiece". He stated that "Another truly brilliant episode of "The Office" aired this week, with more humor packed into the half-hour than you get in many feature-length comedies." Zoromski also praised the acting by minor characters, such as Creed Bratton and Mindy Kaling, who portrays customer service representative Kelly Kapoor. 
BuddyTV Senior Writer Oscar Dahl stated that "What can you say? "The Office" is, if anything, only getting better. Last week's super-sized episode was absolutely spectacular, but tonight's might have been even better. Dahl went on to say that both storylines of the episode were the main contributors to the success of the episode. In a poll taken by OfficeTally.com, an "Office" fansite, "Safety Training" was ranked by viewers of the show as the 19th most popular episode of season three.

</doc>
<doc id="9808955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808955" title="Borders General Hospital">
Borders General Hospital

Borders General Hospital (BGH), operated since 1988 by NHS Borders which was preceded by Borders Primary Care NHS Trust, is on the outskirts of Melrose, Scotland. It created over 1000 jobs and has 328 beds. It offers a wide range of treatments, and has an Accident and Emergency Department and a Macmillan Cancer Unit.
The hospital was designed and built to replace the ageing and unfit "Peel Hospital" of Caddonfoot near Galashiels; the former hospital serving first as a wartime hospital during World War 2 and was expanded in line with NHS introduction and population expansion in the Scottish Borders.
The Borders General Hospital (locally known as the "BGH") was also home to the Scottish Borders Campus of Napier University nursing college up until their service withdrawal in 2010/11. Current care services include general-medical and general-surgical receiving and assessment wards, a Department of medicine for the elderly (DME) unit, a children's ward (Ward 14 Noah's Ark), ENT suite, audiology, pre/peri and post-natal wards with a labour suite, theatre, Emergency department, dementia assessment unit, gynaecology ward, cafe (operated by WRVS) and large outpatients suite. 
The Planned Surgical Admissions Unit opened in March 2011, affording patients a more suitable environment to go for routine surgical procedures. The renal dialysis unit major benefited from a major upgrade in June 2011 which included an increase in the number of dialysis machines from 6 to 12. In January 2013 the Margaret Kerr Unit opened, providing dedicated palliative care facilities. The development provided a dedicated entrance, accommodation for patients and several large sun lounges.In March 2013 refurbishment to the stroke unit was completed. As part of a new outpatients department a new audiology suite opened in August 2013.
The hospital serves as the main hospital in the Scottish Borders serving, mainly, the counties of Selkrikshire, Roxburghshire, Peeblesshire and western Berwickshire. Other counties and Berwickshire are served by Berwick infirmary and larger hospitals in the City of Edinburgh. The Hospital is governed by NHS Borders, its Director of Nursing and executive board whom are sited at the board's HQ in nearby Newstead. Beside the Hospital, within the grounds, is the NHS Borders education and conference centre which comprises lecture theatres, the training and professional development department, the IT suite and a comprehensive library. 
The Borders General Hospital is accessible via the A68 road, known colloquially as the Melrose Bypass. It is roughly five minutes from the town of Galashiels and two minutes from the small town of Melrose via Chiefswood Road and is served by buses from all Border towns run by First Bus and Perryman Buses. 

</doc>
<doc id="9808963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808963" title="Jan du Plessis">
Jan du Plessis

Jan Petrus Du Plessis (born 22 January 1954) is the non-executive Chairman of Rio Tinto Group plc, and a non-executive director of the Lloyds TSB Group. Du Plessis was placed tenth in "The Times" 2006 Power 100, a list which rates the most powerful people in British business.
Early and personal life.
Du Plessis, an Afrikaner, grew up near Cape Town, South Africa. He studied at the University of Stellenbosch for degrees in commerce and law, and is also qualified as a chartered accountant in his home country. He has dual British and South African citizenship and lives in Buckinghamshire with his wife. Although he was once a prominent figure in the tobacco industry, du Plessis has never smoked.
Career.
Du Plessis worked in various management positions in the South African Rembrandt Group from 1981, and in 1988 he became Group Finance Director of Compagnie Financière Richemont. He also held the same position at tobacco manufacturer Rothmans International between 1990 and 1995. When Rothmans International was merged with British American Tobacco in 1999, du Plessis became a non-executive director on that board.
In April 2004, du Plessis left his position at Richemont to take on the role of non-executive Chairman at British American Tobacco. In June 2005, he was appointed non-executive Chairman of the UK food business RHM. In October of the same year, du Plessis joined the board of directors at the Lloyds TSB Group as a non-executive director.
Du Plessis is also a member of the governing body of the International Chamber of Commerce UK.
In March 2009 it was announced that he would be the new chairman of mining group Rio Tinto.

</doc>
<doc id="9808976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808976" title="Philosophers' ships">
Philosophers' ships

Philosophers' ships is the collective name for ships which transported intellectuals expelled from Soviet Russia in 1922.
The main load was handled by two German ships, the "Oberbürgermeister Haken" and the "Preussen", which transported more than 160 expelled Russian intellectuals in September and November 1922 from Petrograd to Stettin in Germany (now in Poland). Three detention lists included 228 people, 32 of them students.
In 1923 other intellectuals were transported by train to Riga in Latvia or by ship from Odessa to Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="9808977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808977" title="Irina Paley">
Irina Paley

Princess Irina Pavlovna Paley, (December 21, 1903 – November 15, 1990), was the daughter of Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia and his second wife Olga Valerianovna Paley.
Early life.
Irina was born in Paris because her parents had been exiled for marrying without the permission of Tsar Nicholas II. Her parents' marriage was considered morganatic, meaning that her father had not married a woman of equal rank and their children took their mother's rank rather than their father's. Irina's mother was later granted the title of Her Serene Highness Princess Paley. The family was allowed to return to Russia during World War I.
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917, Grand Duke Paul, who was too ill to register with the rest of the Romanov family, was under close observation by the new government. Irina later recalled how her father walked with her and her younger sister in the garden and talked about what his marriage had meant to him:
He spoke to us at length about all that he owed to our mother, all that she had brought to him which he had never known in his life before, and about all that she had been to him. He spoke while he walked, and this allowed him to overcome his reserve and his intense shyness. Did he sense then that he had not long to live? I am tempted to believe it and to think that he was asking us to take care of our mother when he could no longer be with her.
Both Irina's father and her brother Vladimir Pavlovich Paley were killed by the Bolsheviks. Irina, her mother, and her sister Natalia later escaped to France in 1920.
Marriage.
Irina married her first cousin once removed Prince Fyodor Alexandrovich of Russia (1898–1968), son of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia, on May 21, 1923 in Paris. They later had a son, Prince Michael Feodorovich of Russia, on 4 May 1924.
Irina began an affair with Count Hubert de Monbrison (15 August 1892 – 14 April 1981) during her marriage to Fyodor, and bore Hubert a daughter Irene Romanov on 7 May 1934, while still married to Fyodor. She and Feodor were divorced on 22 July 1936. Irina married Hubert on 11 April 1950 in Paris.
Irina died in Paris on 15 November 1990. Her son and daughter both have descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="9809021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809021" title="Jenő Buzánszky">
Jenő Buzánszky

Jenő Buzánszky (born 4 May 1925, Dombóvár) is a former Hungarian footballer and coach. Buzánszky played as a right back for Hungary. During the 1950s he was a member of the legendary Hungarian national team known as the "Mighty Magyars". Other members of the team included Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, Sándor Kocsis, József Bozsik and Nándor Hidegkuti. He was the only member of the team not to play for either Honvéd or MTK Hungária FC. Following the death of goalkeeper Gyula Grosics in June 2014, he remains the only surviving member of the team. After 274 league games he retired as a player and became a coach. In 1996 he became a vice-president of the Hungarian Football Federation. 
Buzánszky made his debut for Hungary on 12 November 1950 in a 1-1 draw with Bulgaria. He subsequently played 48 times for Hungary and as one of the legendary "Mighty Magyars", he helped Hungary become Olympic Champions in 1952 and Central European Champions in 1953. He also played in the Hungary team that defeated England twice. During the 1954 World Cup he played for Hungary in all five games.
Honours.
Hungary

</doc>
<doc id="9809032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809032" title="Hafei Lobo">
Hafei Lobo

The Hafei Lobo is a city car based on the "Lubao" (Lobo) design by Pininfarina produced by the Chinese manufacturer Hafei Motor since 2002.
Its chassis is sourced from British company Lotus.
In Russia, its name is Hafei Brio. In Sri Lanka, the car is marketed as Micro Trend by Micro Cars Limited. In Malaysia, the car is marketed as the Naza Sutera from Naza. In Thailand, Naza Sutera from Malaysia is marketed as Naza Forza.
The Hafei Lobo is available with the following two gasoline-powered engines:

</doc>
<doc id="9809034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809034" title="Hammonton High School">
Hammonton High School

Hammonton High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Hammonton, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Hammonton Public Schools. 
Students from Folsom Borough and Waterford Township attend Hammonton High School as part of sending/receiving relationships with the Folsom Borough School District and the Waterford Township School District.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,408 students and 83.7 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 16.82:1. There were 288 students (20.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 93 (6.6% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
Hammonton High School's Boy's Swimming and Diving team was recognized with the Boys Gold Award by the 2005-06 NISCA/Kiefer Scholar Team Award.
The school was the 288th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 233rd in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 239th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 233rd in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 175th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 44 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (81.2%) and language arts literacy (92.4%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Hammonton High School Blue Devils compete in the Atlantic Division of the Cape-Atlantic League, an athletic conference consisting of both parochial and public high schools located in Atlantic County, Cape May County, Cumberland County, and Gloucester County, that operates under the aegis of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA).
The softball team won the 2007 South, Group III state sectional championship with a 6-5 win over Central Regional High School.
The football team won the NJSIAA South Jersey Group II state sectional championship in 1985, 1993, 1994 and 1996, and won the South Jersey Group III sectional in 2009. The football team won the 2009 South Jersey Group III sectional championship with a 23-17 win over Timber Creek High School, the first Group III title brought home by the program.
Marching band.
The school's marching band was Chapter One Champions in 1973-1979 (Group 3), 1980-1981 (Group 4), 1983 (Group 3), 1989-1990 (Group 2) and 1998 (Group 1). The marching band was Atlantic Coast Champion in Group 3 every year from 1974-1979 and again in 1983. It was the All-State Champion in 2002 and 2005, and the State Champion in 2004 in USSBA competition.The band also won State Championships in 2008 USSBA competition.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="9809038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809038" title="Jack Knott">
Jack Knott

John Henry Knott (March 2, 1907 – October 13, 1981) born in Dallas, Texas was a pitcher for the St. Louis Browns (1933–38), Chicago White Sox (1938–40) and Philadelphia Athletics (1941–42 and 1946).
He led the American League in saves (7) in 1935 and earned runs allowed (156) in 1936, and home runs allowed (25) in 1937. In 11 seasons he had an 82–103 win-loss record in 325 games, with 192 games started, 62 complete games, 4 shutouts, 77 games finished, 19 saves, 1,557 innings pitched, 1,787 hits allowed, 991 runs allowed, 860 earned runs allowed, 140 home runs allowed, 642 walks, 484 strikeouts, and a 4.97 ERA.
Knott served in the military during World War II, being wounded on 10 January 1945, during the Battle of the Bulge. 
He was an alumnus of Southern Methodist University and died in Brownwood, Texas at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="9809044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809044" title="Scope of employment">
Scope of employment

Scope of employment is the legal consideration of the various activities which may occur in the performance of a person's job, especially those acts which are reasonable relative to the job description and foreseeable by the employer.
Key examples of this consideration under US law can include tort liability of the employer due to a duty to supervise or control the employee. If a security guard harms a customer in a retail store, a court may consider if the employee's harmful acts were foreseeable by the employer to the point that the employer should have instituted reasonable precautions to prevent the resulting harm. Extreme examples would likely find the employer is liable for the employee using a gun which was permitted on the job, but perhaps not if strict instructions against carrying guns on the job had been given to the employee who ignored them.

</doc>
<doc id="9809097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809097" title="Eukaryotic release factors">
Eukaryotic release factors

Eukaryotic translation termination factor 1 (eRF1), also known asTB3-1, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ETF1" gene.
In eukaryotes, this is the only release factor (eRF) which recognizes all three stop codons. The overall process of termination is similar in prokaryotes, but in the latter 3 separate release factors exist, RF1, RF and RF3.
Function.
Termination of protein biosynthesis and release of the nascent polypeptide chain are signaled by the presence of an in-frame stop codon at the aminoacyl site of the ribosome. The process of translation termination is universal and is mediated by protein release factors (RFs) and GTP. A class 1 RF recognizes the stop codon and promotes the hydrolysis of the ester bond linking the polypeptide chain with the peptidyl site tRNA, a reaction catalyzed at the peptidyl transferase center of the ribosome. Class 2 RFs, which are not codon specific and do not recognize codons, stimulate class 1 RF activity and confer GTP dependency upon the process. In prokaryotes, both class 1 RFs, RF1 and RF2, recognize UAA; however, UAG and UGA are decoded specifically by RF1 and RF2, respectively. In eukaryotes, eRF1, or ETF1, the functional counterpart of RF1 and RF2, functions as an omnipotent RF, decoding all 3 stop codons.

</doc>
<doc id="9809109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809109" title="Ville Nousiainen">
Ville Nousiainen

Ville Nousiainen (born December 5, 1983 in Kouvola) is a Finnish cross country skier who has been competing since 2002. He finished fifth in the 4 x 10 km event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Nousiainen won his first world championship medal with a bronze in the team sprint event with Sami Jauhojärvi at Liberec in 2009. He then followed it with another bronze in the 4 x 10 km event at those same championships.
First place victories include two 10 km FIS races and most recently 2 National Championships in Finland in 2010 (50 km, 19.8  km).

</doc>
<doc id="9809130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809130" title="Prokaryotic release factors">
Prokaryotic release factors

There are three known prokaryotic release factors involved in the termination of translation. 
The release factors provide the means of termination by having a conformation that mimics that of tRNA molecules. The decoding release factor binds to the A site of the ribosome and directly recognises the stop codon. Once RF1 (or RF2) and RF3 are bound to the ribosome, the polypeptide is released, and the ribosome and release factors disassemble, thus completing the process of translation.

</doc>
<doc id="9809134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809134" title="Rockers Meets King Tubby in a Firehouse">
Rockers Meets King Tubby in a Firehouse

Rockers Meets King Tubbys In a Firehouse, is a dub album by Augustus Pablo and King Tubby, released in 1980. "Rockers" was a commonly used nickname given to Pablo. It features Mickey "Boo" Richards, Leroy Wallace and Albert Malawi on drums, Robbie Shakespeare on bass guitar, and Earl "Chinna" Smith on guitar. The backing band is credited as the Rocking All Stars. Pablo produced the album and played piano, organ and melodica. The album was recorded at King Tubby's Studio. "Fire House" is a reference to the Waterhouse section of Kingston, where King Tubby's studio was located. Prince Jammy also made contributions to this album but goes uncredited.
The album has been released on several different labels, often with slightly different track lists.

</doc>
<doc id="9809145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809145" title="King of the Slums">
King of the Slums

King of the Slums were a British alternative rock band. Formed in Greater Manchester in the mid-1980s, the band specialised in a kind of electric violin and guitar-driven rock music, and released their debut single in 1986. Whilst the band earned some critical acclaim from the UK music press, commercial success eluded them and the group disbanded in the early 1990s following the release of their second studio album, "Blowzy Weirdos" (1991). An album of new material plus some older songs appeared in 2009 credited to both King of the Slums and Slum Cathedral User, which was the original name of the group.
History.
Formed in Salford and Hulme, Greater Manchester, England, by writer Charley Keigher aka Charlie Keighera (vocals, guitar) and Sarah Curtis (electric violin), initially as Slum Cathedral User, the group made its recording debut with the "Spider Psychiatry" single in 1986 on a small independent label (SLR Records). Curtis had studied violin at the Royal Northern College of Music, but dropped out after Keigher reportedly assaulted someone there. Further releases followed in 1988 and 1989 on the Play Hard label, now with bassist Jon Chandler and drummer Stuart Owen (who replaced a succession of drummers), most of which were collected on the album "Barbarous English Fayre" (1989). The band also recorded a session for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show in 1988. An incendiary live performance of "Fanciable Headcase", shown on the influential "Snub TV" television programme, earned the band national exposure, and helped to push their EPs up the independent chart, "Bombs Away on Harpurhey" reaching #8. After switching to Midnight Music, the band issued its debut album proper, "Dandelions" (1989), to favourable reviews in the British music press. Keigher and Curtis were now joined by a new rhythm section. The following year, King of the Slums signed to Cherry Red Records and issued the "Blowzy Weirdos" album in 1991, with Keigher's gritty take on British life again finding favour amongst the critics. Later in the year, however, the band broke up without ever achieving a commercial breakthrough to match their critical acclaim. The band performed nearly 200 concerts during their career resulting in numerous bootlegs being circulated, all of which the band disowned. A cult following has remained and grown over the years since the band broke up. In 2009 the band announced the release of a new fourth album called "The Orphaned Files", a collection of predominately brand new songs together with some rare and remixed older songs, released through their first record label, SLR Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9809147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809147" title="Edward Goff Penny">
Edward Goff Penny

Edward Goff Penny (15 May 1820 – 11 October 1881) was an English-Canadian journalist, businessman, and politician.
Born in Islington (now part of London), England, Penny moved to Canada in 1844 settling in Montreal and joined the "Montreal Herald" as a reporter. He would become editor-in-chief and a co-owner of the newspaper, taking it to "its height of success". He was the first president of the Parliamentary Press Gallery in Ottawa. 
In 1874, he was the first newspaper reporter appointed to the Senate of Canada representing the senatorial division of Alma, Quebec. He died in office in 1881.
Arthur G. Penny, the grandson of Edward Goff Penny, died in 1963. His will endowed the Edward Goff Penny Memorial Prizes, in memory of his grandfather. The first prizes were awarded in 1991. The awards are administered by the Canadian Newspaper Association. There are two prizes of $1500 for young journalists between the ages 20 and 25. One is given for newspapers with less than 25,000 circulation, the other is for newspapers with more than 25,000 circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="9809163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809163" title="Kathleen Raven">
Kathleen Raven

Dame Kathleen Annie Raven, DBE, FRCN (9 November 1910, Coniston, Lancashire, England — 19 April 1999, Oxford, England) was a British nurse, matron, government health official, health care engineer, and educational philanthropist.
Background.
Kathleen Annie Raven was born and raised in Coniston in England's Lake District, attending Ulverston Grammar School. She was brought up in a Plymouth Brethren household where her parents read a chapter of the Bible every night. She had three brothers with whom she climbed mountains, skated, fished and rowed. Her elder brother, Ronald Raven, became a surgeon. Visiting her brother when he was a medical student at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London, she decided to become a nurse and started her training there in 1933.
Career.
She trained as a nurse at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London (where her brother Ronald also trained as a doctor), qualifying in 1936. During World War II she was Ward Sister and Night Superintendent in that hospital. In 1946 she was appointed Assistant Matron there. In 1949, she was named as Deputy Matron at the General Infirmary in Leeds. She became Matron in the same year, and held the post for eight years. The General Infirmary at Leeds was the first teaching hospital to set up an Assistant Nurse Training Programme in 1955.
While at Leeds she was a member of both the General Nursing Council and the Council of the Royal College of Nursing, as Chair of the Yorkshire Branch of the RCN. Raven was also a member of the National Executive Committee of the Association of Hospital Matrons and served as a member of the Leeds Central Area Advisory Board for Secondary Education. For several years she was External Examiner for the Diploma in Nursing at the University of Leeds. In 1957 she became a member of the Central Health Services Council. Raven left Leeds to go to the Department of Health in London, where she became Chief Nursing Officer in July 1958, succeeding Dame Elizabeth Cockayne.
Later years.
After her retirement from the Department of Health in 1972, and the death of her husband very shortly afterwards, Kathleen Raven undertook a heavy burden of work as adviser to a major international health care corporation, travelling extensively in the Middle East and Far East, establishing health care facilities along British lines. She worked for the Civil Service Commission and was appointed a Governor of Epsom College and of Aylesbury Grammar School. She died at the age of 88 in 1999.
Personal life.
In 1959 she married Professor John Thornton Ingram; he died in 1972.
Honours.
Her honours include Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire, Fellow of the Royal College of Nursing (of which she was once Vice-President), Officer of the Order of St John, and Honorary degrees from Keele University and the University of Leeds. She was made a Patron of the Royal College of Surgeons of England and was an Honorary Freeman of the Worshipful Company of Barbers.

</doc>
<doc id="9809166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809166" title="WHV">
WHV

WHV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809191" title="List of Special Operations Executive operations in World War II">
List of Special Operations Executive operations in World War II

See also.
List of World War II military operations

</doc>
<doc id="9809228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809228" title="Prokaryotic elongation factors">
Prokaryotic elongation factors

In prokaryotes, three elongation factors are required for translation: EF-Tu, EF-Ts, and EF-G.

</doc>
<doc id="9809230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809230" title="Henri Delaborde (painter)">
Henri Delaborde (painter)

Count Henri Delaborde (1811–1899) was a French art critic and historical painter, born in Rennes, son of Count Henri françoise Delaborde. He studied for some time in Paris with Delaroche and afterward produced historical pictures of a rather conventional classical type. Among them are: 
He also painted frescoes in the Saint Clotilde Basilica. But he is known principally as a critic of art. Besides his writings, as perpetual secretary of the Académie des Beaux-Arts, he contributed to the "Revue des Deux Mondes" and other periodicals. The articles have been collected as "Mélanges sur l'art contemporain" (1866) and "Etudes sur les beaux-arts en France et en Italie" (1864). He published, among other volumes: 
Count Delaborde was elected to the Institute in 1868 and was conservator of the department of prints in the National Library, Paris, from 1855 to 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="9809232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809232" title="Eukaryotic elongation factors">
Eukaryotic elongation factors

Eukaryotic elongation factors are very similar to those in prokaryotes. 
Elongation in eukaryotes is carried out with two elongation factors: eEF-1 and eEF-2.

</doc>
<doc id="9809235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809235" title="La Toya (disambiguation)">
La Toya (disambiguation)

La Toya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809250" title="Monte Towe">
Monte Towe

Monte Corwin Towe (born September 27, 1953) is an American basketball coach and retired player. 
Towe attended Oak Hill High School in Converse, Indiana. He was the starting point guard on North Carolina State's 1974 NCAA championship team, and also played varsity baseball for NC State, earning All-ACC recognition in basketball and playing on conference championship teams in both sports. In 1975, the 5'7" (1.7 m) Towe received the Frances Pomeroy Naismith Award as the year's best college player under tall. Monte Towe and David Thompson are credited with "inventing" the alley-oop. Because dunking was illegal at the time, Towe would throw the ball to Thompson while he was in the air and Thompson would gently drop the ball in the basket. Towe was drafted by the Denver Nuggets in the third round of the 1975 ABA Draft and by the Atlanta Hawks in the fourth round of the 1975 NBA Draft. Towe joined Thompson in signing with Denver, for whom he played in 1976 in the final year of the American Basketball Association and in the 1976-1977 season when Denver joined the NBA. He played in the 1976 ABA All-Star game when the game format was Denver vs. All-Stars.
After his retirement as a player, Towe became an assistant coach under Norm Sloan, first at NC State (1979–80) and then at the University of Florida (1981–89). During the 1990s, he was coach and general manager of two teams in the Global Basketball Association; coach of a professional team in Venezuela (Marinos de Oriente); an assistant coach of the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the Continental Basketball Association under head coach Flip Saunders; coach of two junior college teams; and an assistant coach at the University of North Carolina at Asheville.
In 2000, Towe was named head basketball coach at the University of New Orleans. He compiled a 70-78 record over five seasons. In May 2006, he left UNO to become associate head coach at North Carolina State under head coach Sidney Lowe. On April 14, 2011, he was named an assistant coach at Middle Tennessee State University.
Towe was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9809275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809275" title="Stephen II of Troyes">
Stephen II of Troyes

Stephen II of Troyes (died 1047), sometimes called Etienne, was a Count of Troyes and Meaux from 1037 to 1047. He was the son of (Eudes) Odo II, Count of Blois, Chartres, Rheims, Troyes and Meaux, and of Ermengarde of Auvergne.
He married Adèle and had a son, Eudes II who was Count of Troyes and of Meaux, then of Aumale.

</doc>
<doc id="9809276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809276" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Combined">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Combined

Men's Combined World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Men's Combined World Cup 1989/90 both results count.
Men's Combined Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9809283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809283" title="Barbarous English Fayre">
Barbarous English Fayre

Barbarous English Fayre is a compilation album by the British band King of the Slums. Originally released on vinyl only in June 1989 on the Play Hard label, the album compiles early releases by the band. It reached number 4 on the UK Indie Chart in 1989. The album was reissued on vinyl and CD in January 1991 by Midnight Music.

</doc>
<doc id="9809289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809289" title="Jon Berkeley">
Jon Berkeley

Jon Berkeley (born 1962) is a Dublin-born illustrator and children's author. 
Background.
He travelled widely in the 1980s, working freelance in London, Sydney and Hong Kong before returning to Dublin in 1992, where he formed a loose coalition known as Baggot Street Central with other leading Irish illustrators Roger O'Reilly, P.J. Lynch and Angela Clarke. He has lived in Barcelona since 1997.
Illustration.
Jon Berkeley's work typically features a strong central concept with a twist. He is also known for his sharp and colourful caricatures which have appeared in "The Sunday Times" UK, "Hot Press" and "The LA Times" among others. He has received awards from the Society of News Design, the 4A's, and the Institute of Creative Advertising and Design.
Writing.
Berkeley is the author and illustrator of Chopsticks (2005), the story of a mouse who brings to life a carved Chinese dragon.
In 2005 he was offered six-figure advance by Harper Collins to write a trilogy of children's novels. The first of these, The Palace of Laughter was shortlisted for the 2007 CBI Bisto award. Its sequel, The Tiger's Egg, was released in September 2007. The third and final book in the series, The Lightning Key, was released in January 2009. The series, illustrated by Brandon Dorman, is set in and around a sinister circus, and features such colourful characters as a 400-year-old girl, a talking tiger and a stately dowager who lives in a tree. It has been described by Angie Sage as 'a vivid journey of discovery.'
Berkeley's latest book, The Hidden Boy, was published in February 2010. It is the first in a new series about a young girl who wins 'the Holiday of a Lifetime'. She and her family are transported to a strange hidden world, only to find that there is no way back.

</doc>
<doc id="9809292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809292" title="Ribbon knot">
Ribbon knot

In the mathematical area of knot theory, a ribbon knot is a knot that bounds a self-intersecting disk with only "ribbon singularities". Intuitively, this kind of singularity can be formed by cutting a slit in the disk and passing another part of the disk through the slit. More formally, this type of singularity is a self-intersection along an arc; the preimage of this arc consists of two arcs in the disc, one completely in the interior of the disk and the other having its two endpoints on the disk boundary.
Morse-theoretic formulation.
A slice disc "M" is a smoothly embedded formula_1 in formula_2 with formula_3. Consider the function formula_4 given by formula_5. By a small isotopy of "M" one can ensure that "f" restricts to a Morse function on "M". One says formula_6 is a ribbon knot if formula_7 has no local maxima.
Slice-ribbon conjecture.
Every ribbon knot is known to be a slice knot. A famous open problem, posed by Ralph Fox and known as the slice-ribbon conjecture, asks if the converse is true: is every slice knot ribbon?

</doc>
<doc id="9809306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809306" title="String metric">
String metric

In mathematics and computer science, a string metric (also known as a string similarity metric or string distance function) is a metric that measures similarity or dissimilarity (distance) between two text strings for approximate string matching or comparison and in fuzzy string searching. For example the strings "Sam" and "Samuel" can be considered to be similar. A string metric provides a number indicating an algorithm-specific indication of similarity.
The most widely known string metric is a rudimentary one called the Levenshtein Distance (also known as Edit Distance). It operates between two input strings, returning a score equivalent to the number of substitutions and deletions needed in order to transform one input string into another. Simplistic string metrics such as Levenshtein distance have expanded to include phonetic, token, grammatical and character-based methods of statistical comparisons.
A widespread example of a string metric is DNA sequence analysis and RNA analysis, which are performed by optimised string metrics to identify matching sequences.
String metrics are used heavily in information integration and are currently used in areas including fraud detection, fingerprint analysis, plagiarism detection, ontology merging, DNA analysis, RNA analysis, image analysis, evidence-based machine learning, database data deduplication, data mining, Web interfaces, e.g. Ajax-style suggestions as you type, data integration, and semantic knowledge integration.

</doc>
<doc id="9809308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809308" title="British NVC community MC4 (Brassica oleracea maritime cliff-ledge community)">
British NVC community MC4 (Brassica oleracea maritime cliff-ledge community)

British NVC community MC4 ("Brassica oleracea" maritime cliff-ledge community) is one of the maritime cliff communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system. It is one of five communities categorised as maritime cliff crevice and ledge communities.
This community is found locally on the south coast of England. There are two subcommunities.
Community composition.
Four constant species are found in this community:
Three rare species are associated with this community, Wild Cabbage itself, Early Spider-orchid ("Ophrys sphegodes") and Nottingham Catchfly ("Silene nutans").
Distribution.
This community is found on the south coast of Britain, in west Cornwall, Dorset and Kent.
Subcommunities.
There are two subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="9809315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809315" title="MicroImages, Inc.">
MicroImages, Inc.

MicroImages, Inc. is a software development company in Lincoln, Nebraska founded in 1986. MicroImages' software products include TNTmips and TNTlite for GIS and image processing. The TNT products also support web mapping applications. MicroImages serves professional clients in over 120 nations around the world.
History.
MicroImages, Inc. was founded in 1986 by Dr. Lee D. Miller, president, and Michael J. Unverferth, vice president, with its first software product, the Map and Image Processing System (MIPS). MIPS had been developed in a university setting for image processing on microcomputers. Since 1986, MicroImages has released over 50 consecutive upgrades to MIPS, which evolved into a broad, integrated system that includes features for image processing, GIS, CAD, TIN, desktop cartography, spatial database management and visualization. In 1993, MIPS was renamed TNTmips®, rewritten with a standard X Window interface, and made available for all Windows and Mac computers.
Purpose.
MicroImages operates solely for software development, manufacturing, distribution, and support. The company performs no service work, consulting, or data collection activities, since by so doing it would be in direct competition with its customers and resellers. MicroImages does not manufacture any computer equipment, although MicroImages does occasionally provide system integration assistance and other specialized consulting services.
MicroImages Press, a division of MicroImages, provides educational and training materials to support the integration of image processing, GIS, CAD, TIN, desktop cartography, spatial database management, visualization, and related objectives with the TNT products. The Press currently maintains and publishes color illustrated materials that include a series of free Tutorial booklets, Technical Guides, and Quick Guides. Documentation is available on the MicroImages web site in PDF format.
Support.
MicroImages, Inc. maintains an experienced staff of technical support specialists with computer science or related degrees. These professionals provide direct world-wide support to MicroImages' clients without cost, and also manage the TNT products releases. MicroImages' phones are answered directly by real people and not by recorded messages or selection menus. Hundreds of international FAXes and email requests for assistance are also answered weekly.
Authorized Resellers.
All MicroImages' independent Resellers actually use the TNT products. As a result they have the experience to help you design your individual projects or a company or organization-wide geospatial solution.
From their own experience in the use of these products these Resellers can answer your questions with regard to what the TNT products can, and cannot do for you in your language. In the case where they are unable to answer your questions they will communicate them to MicroImages to get your answers.
You can get the TNT products either from our consultants, resellers, or directly from MicroImages, Inc.
Location.
MicroImages is located in downtown Lincoln, Nebraska U.S.A. (N 40° 48' 44", W 96° 42' 07"), a community of 200,000, the second largest city in the state. The company's modern offices can be accessed via the 11th floor of the Sharp Tower in the heart of Lincoln's downtown district within easy walking distance of the Nebraska State Capitol and the University of Nebraska. This building houses the software engineers, MicroImages Press, software support staff, production and shipping, training facilities, and other company activities.
MicroImages products.
A free version of TNTmips, TNTedit, and TNTview is available TNTmips Free®, for students and learning professionals. TNTmips Free is now used in almost every nation in the world. 
The TNT products are sold directly by MicroImages and by resellers around the world. The resellers provide another level of support and service for the MicroImages clients now operating in over 120 nations and students in almost every nation. 
The TNT products have been translated into 24 international languages, including such diverse languages as Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, French, Spanish, Arabic, and Turkish. The international font and language support in the TNT products lets users see the program interface and database tables in their own language, and produce professional maps with annotations, labels, and legends in any language.
References.
MicroImages, Inc. Company Information
MicroImages X Server
TNTproducts

</doc>
<doc id="9809317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809317" title="Mannathara">
Mannathara

Mannathara is a small village in the Idukki District of Kerala on the southwest coast of India. This village is located in environmentallye rich mountains of the Western Ghats. The word "manathra" evolves from the name of a tribal groups called "Mannan". "Mannans" were the early inhabitants of in the region. This was a place with rich megalithic sites in the early twentieth century. Continuous human intervention in the terrain destroyed most of the historically rich sites. It is therefore becoming difficult to shed light on the early history of this region. But it is important to do further research on the human interaction in the pre-historic western Ghats.
Migration of the peasants in the 1950s and 1960s was the major turning point in the history of this forest hilly region into an agrarian village. Now it is a village of farmers who have migrated from Palai, Ettumanoor, Kothamangalam, Thodupuzha, and Melukavu. This was largely connected with the larger project to accelerate the production of 'cash crops'. In the later decades, the entire high range, as Father Vadakkan mentioned in his biography "Ente Kuthippum Kitaappum"became the backbone of the Kerala Economy.
This village is famous for its high quality black pepper. Black pepper and cardamon from this area had been considered as special quality in the Mattacherry spice market in Cochin. But the leaf disease of black pepper ("Kurumulku valli") in the late 1980s onwards was a major backlash to the agrarian change of Mannathara. Moreover, the import of black pepper from other parts of the world to Cochin port and mixing of the imported goods with high quality pepper from "idukki" affected the demand of high range pepper in the international market.
In the 1990s as elsewhere in India, structural adjustment policies of the government affected Mannathara economy as well. The roll back of the Government of Indian and the State government from the welfare policies for peasants and elimination of subsidy for fertilizers increased the risk of investment. The risk of investment was high in the case of ginger, plantain, and areca nut cultivation. The heavy fluctuations in the climate and various crop diseases increased the burden of the peasants. Cultivation of cassava (tapioca) and rice and milk products were the ways to meet their ends. Milma (APCOS) corporation of the Kerala state Government was a helping hand to the peasants. Nursing as a profession with employment chances attracted the lower middle class peasant families. The agrarian crisis of compelled young women to prefer nursing as a profession. Trained nurses, mostly from Syrian Christian and "ezhava" families migrated to middle eastern countries, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai. Now there are a few family has its members in America and England. Daughters of Chennamkulam Pappachan and the son of Paulose Eenthumkal are in the USA. Though the most of the lower-middle-class family remain unchanged in their economic condition, some of the families enjoy the economic mobility,
Geography.
Till the beginning of the 21st Century, once we reach the place after a long journey, a long strip of rice field was the landmark and main attraction of Mannathara. "Mannathra thodu" (a stream) flowing in the middle of the rice field is the life line of Mannathara. Now the decline in the rice production due to various reasons affected the Mannathara rice filed as well. Overflowing of this stream in the heavy monsoon months helps to balance the fertility of this rice field. But the first thing we notice would be the poor transport infrastructure of this region. The Government had been largely ignoring the transport development of the region for decades. It is only after 1995, a positive reaction is visible from the side of authorities. Now, Rajamudi-Thoprumkudy main state high way and Mannathara-Perumthotty road are the life line of the village. These two tarred roads connect Mannathra with other villages and market places including Kattappana, Murickassery, Cheruthony, and Nedumkandam and connects the region with larger market place such as Thodupuzha,and Kothamangalam.

</doc>
<doc id="9809321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809321" title="Obaidullah Akhund">
Obaidullah Akhund

Mullah Obaidullah, the Akhund () (died March 5, 2010) was the Defence Minister under the Taliban government in Afghanistan and later became an insurgent commander during the Taliban insurgency against the new Afghan government and the US-led NATO forces. He was captured by Pakistani security forces in 2007 and died in 2010 of a heart disease inside a prison in Pakistan.
Taliban.
Mulla Obaidullah was born in the Panjwai district of Kandahar Province in southern Afghanistan. Obaidullah Akhund became the Defense Minister of Afghanistan in the 1990s, and the second of three top deputies to Mullah Omar, the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement. Obaidullah was seen as the "number three" man in the Taliban. In late 2001 or early 2002, Obaidullah surrendered to the Afghan Northern Alliance troops, but was released as part of an amnesty. He was one of the main military leaders in 2003, and was named to the Mujahideen Shura Council. Abdul Latif Hakimi, who was captured by Pakistan in 2005, said that Obaidullah was one of two people with direct access to Mullah Omar, and that Obaidullah had personally ordered insurgent attacks, including the killing of a foreign-aid official in March 2005.
Capture and death.
Obaidullah was captured by Pakistani security forces in February 2007 in Quetta, Pakistan. He was the most senior Taliban official captured since the start of the present war in Afghanistan. The arrest coincided with U.S. Vice-President Dick Cheney's visit to Afghanistan and Pakistan in late February 2007, but the timing has been reported to be a coincidence rather than a reaction to Cheney's visit.
Obaidullah was freed in November 2007 in exchange for the release of more than 200 Pakistani soldiers captured by the Taliban. He was rearrested in February 2008 and died on 5 March 2010 of a heart disease inside a prison in Karachi, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9809327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809327" title="Dandelions (album)">
Dandelions (album)

Dandelions is the debut album by the British band King of the Slums, released in 1989 on the Midnight Music label.

</doc>
<doc id="9809368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809368" title="Gutworm">
Gutworm

Gutworm were a British extreme metal band from Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, England, formed in 1999.
Band history.
Gutworm recorded their debut EP at Backstage Studios, Nottingham, with hardcore producer Dave Chang. This release, titled "Torn From Me", was released early in 2000. "Metal Hammer" awarded it 9/10, writing "I can’t believe this band are British and unsigned!"
After several tours across the country Gutworm ventured to the USA and became the first unsigned British band to perform at the "November To Dismember Metalfest" in California. The band played alongside acts such as Morbid Angel and Testament and returned soon after to play at the "New Jersey Metal Meltdown", which featured bands such as Nile and The Haunted.
The band soon signed to European label SPV GmbH and recorded twelve songs at Karo Studios in Germany during March 2001. Following lengthy delays, which saw the album release date being pushed further and further back, Gutworm parted company with the label.
After a break, Gutworm resumed touring the country, attracting the attention of new British label Anticulture Records, which signed the band in 2003. They went on to record an album featuring new material with Greg Chandler (of Esoteric) at Priory Studios in Birmingham.
Gutworm’s full length album "Ruin The Memory" was released nationwide in June 2004. Since the album’s release Gutworm have been busier than ever. After a performance at the Bloodstock 2004 festival, which received 4Ks in Kerrang! magazine, Gutworm produced their first major video for album opener "What You Are" which was broadcast on digital music channels "Scuzz" and "MTV2".
Following a UK tour supporting US technical metallers Byzantine, 2005 saw the band's first line-up change with the departure of bassist Carl Davis, replaced by Liam Durrant (formerly of UK Hardcore band "Freebase" and "Violation"). Further changes followed in 2006 after UK tours with Maltese metalcore band "Slit" and French deathgrinders "Happy Face", with the departure of guitarist Noel Davis, and with Liam taking time out to pursue a university course.
With Neil Hudson taking on guitar and vocals, and new bassist Glen Pywell (from deathgrind/doom band The Atrocity Exhibit), Gutworm recorded their second full length album "Disfigured Narcissus", again with Greg Chandler, which was released to critical acclaim on Anticulture Records in October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9809369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809369" title="List of stock exchanges in Western Asia">
List of stock exchanges in Western Asia

This is a list of stock exchanges of Western Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9809377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809377" title="Blowzy Weirdos">
Blowzy Weirdos

Blowzy Weirdos is an album by the British band King of the Slums, released in 1991 on the Cherry Red label.

</doc>
<doc id="9809395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809395" title="Southern Living">
Southern Living

Southern Living is a widely read lifestyle magazine aimed at readers in the Southern United States featuring recipes, house plans, garden plans, information on soil erosion, and information about Southern culture and travel. It is published by Birmingham, Alabama–based Southern Progress Corporation, a unit of Time Inc.
History.
The magazine was started in 1966 by The Progressive Farmer Company, the publisher of "Progressive Farmer" magazine. In 1980, the company changed its name to Southern Progress Corporation to reflect its increasingly diverse business, and in 1985, it was purchased by Time, Inc.for $498 million. "Southern Living" is now the largest regional lifestyle publication in the U.S.
Cooking.
One of the major topics in "Southern Living" is food, and since 1979, the magazine has published a popular "Annual Recipes" book each year.
Homes.
"Southern Living" regularly features floorplans, and over the magazine's history, a number of these have become popular home styles in the Southeast. Many of these plans are available for purchase as construction blueprints from the company's website.
Southern Living at Home.
In 2001, Southern Progress Corporation started a party-plan direct marketing company called Southern Living at Home. The products available at the parties include exclusive lines of home accessories and dishware seen in or inspired by "Southern Living" as well the various books and magazines produced by the company.
In April 2010, Southern Living at Home introduced its new name: "Willow House".

</doc>
<doc id="9809416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809416" title="Martin Larsson (skier)">
Martin Larsson (skier)

Martin Larsson (born March 27, 1979) is a Swedish cross-country skier who has been competing since 1999. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km at the 2007 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Sapporo and finished 79th in the 15 km event at those same championships.
Larsson has a total of five victories at various levels at distances up to 15 km since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9809417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809417" title="Spool knitting">
Spool knitting

Spool knitting, corking, French knitting or tomboy knitting is a form of knitting that uses a spool and a number of nails to produce a narrow tube of fabric, similar to i-cord. Spool knitting is a traditional way to teach children the basic principles of knitting.
Many things can be made from the resulting tube e.g. it can be wound in a spiral to produce a mat or rug, or if a larger spool with more nails in is used, a sock or a hat could be made.

</doc>
<doc id="9809433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809433" title="Martin Larsson">
Martin Larsson

Martin Larsson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809437" title="Annis Gillie">
Annis Gillie

Dame Katherine Annis Calder Gillie, OBE, DBE, ERCP (Lond), FRCGP (3 August 1900, London – 10 April 1985, Bledington, Oxfordshire) was a British physician and medical researcher. She was President of the Royal College of General Practitioners and the first woman serving as vice-chair of the British Medical Association (BMA). The third BMA committee on general practice was set up in 1961 under Dr. Gillie and was charged with guiding the general practice in Britain.
Biography.
Gillie was the eldest among four children of Dr. Robert Calder Gillie, a minister in the Presbyterian Church of England, and Emily Japp. She studied at Wycombe Abbey School, University College London and University College Hospital, graduating in 1925. In 1927 she became member of the Royal College of Physicians. She started working as assistant to a medical partnership of three women, and after they retired continued receiving patients at her home in Connaught Square in London. During World War II she moved with her two children to a country cottage at Pangbourne, continuing her medical work until retirement in 1963. 
Gillie was noted for helping recover British general practice after World War II. She was a member of the General Medical Council (1946–1948) and president of the Medical Women's Federation (1954–1955). She was also member of the Medical Practices Committee, Executive Council of London, Standing Medical Advisory Committee, Central Health Services Advisory Council, BMA central ethical committee, and BMA council (1950–1964). Since 1968, for several years she served as BMA vice-chairman, becoming the first woman in that position. She was a founder member and chairman (1959–1962) of the College of General Practitioners. In 1961–1963 she chaired a sub-committee set up by the Standing Medical Advisory Committee to guide the development of general practice in Britain. Gillie was appointed OBE in 1961 and DBE in 1968; the same year she was awarded an honorary MD degree by the Edinburgh University. Earlier in 1964 she was elected as fellow of the Royal College of General Practitioners. 
In 1930, Gillie married Peter Chandler Smith, an architect. He lost his practice during the war and was unfit for military service. Later he became chronically ill and depended much on Gillie, who also provided most incomes for the family. Gillie died on 10 April 1985 at her home in Bledington, Oxfordshire, surviving her husband by two years.

</doc>
<doc id="9809448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809448" title="Esanatham">
Esanatham

Esanatham is a village in Tamil Nadu, India. This is part of Karur District and surrounded by villages of Dindigul district. Drumstick is produced lot around this village and exported to many places from here. Chettinad Cement Factory is near from this place. Agriculture is the most important source of work in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="9809452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809452" title="Bruce Watson">
Bruce Watson

Bruce Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809457" title="Bukar Shaib">
Bukar Shaib

Bukar Shaib was a Nigerian diplomat, who served as the Nigerian Ambassador to Italy from 1979. He also served as a minister for agriculture in the administration of General Buhari. He was born in Bornu, and studied Veterinary medicine at the collegiate level, becoming the first Nigerian Veterinary Dr. He was a former federal and regional permanent secretary during the Gowon, then Murtala and Obasanjo regimes. He was appointed as special adviser on National Security to President Shagari. After Shagari's overthrow he was appointed by the new administration as the minister for Agriculture. 
References.
Shehu Shagari, Beckoned to Serve, Heinemann books, 2001

</doc>
<doc id="9809458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809458" title="Thomas Alcock (clergyman)">
Thomas Alcock (clergyman)

Thomas Alcock (1709 – 24 August 1798) was a clergyman in the Church of England, a pluralist and an author.
Early life.
He was born at Aston, near Runcorn, Cheshire the third son of David Alcock and his wife Mary née Breck. David Alcock was a descendent of Bishop John Alcock, the founder of Jesus College, Cambridge. Thomas was educated at Warrington School, then matriculated from Brasenose College, Oxford in 1728, proceeded B.A. in 1731 and M.A. in 1741.
Ministry.
He was licensed as curate of Stonehouse, Plymouth in 1731. In November 1732 he began acting as the minister of the nearby parish of St Budeaux to which he was officially licensed the following year. He was also instituted as vicar of Runcorn in 1756 and ran this parish as a pluralist with the aid of curates. He was a Cheshire J.P. but continued to spend most of his time in Devon and only returned to Runcorn towards the end of his life.
He became popular locally, particularly when he omitted to collect tithes. He was also noted for his eccentric habits, his spartan lifestyle, and his kindness to the poor to whom he also acted as doctor and lawyer. In 1769 the living of St Andrew, Plymouth became vacant and Alcock expected to be elected to it. He was unsuccessful and refused to preach his regular sermon at the church or indeed to enter the church again.
In 1771 he helped to purchase land at Weston Peverel to provide a master for the St Budeaux charity school and to clothe the poor. In 1769 he was granted the freedom of the borough of Plymouth.
Farmer and cidermaker.
Thomas Alcock farmed at Ernesettle and described himself as ‘A Cydermaker’. He attacked the excise duty on cider and this was repealed in 1766. It had been suggested that a severe colic peculiar to Devon was the result of lead poisoning from the presses, pipework, and storage vessels of cider. This was refuted by Alcock who argued that the colic resulted only from the small shot used in bottle cleansing.
Personal and family life.
He married Mary Harwood of Ernesettle, Plymouth and through his marriage he obtained considerable property locally. The marriage was childless and Mary died in 1777. Alcock married again at the age of 78 and returned to Runcorn where he died in 1798. His estate included £20,000 in 3% consols as well as land and property in Runcorn.
After the death of his brother Nathan in 1779, Thomas produced "Some Memoirs of the Life of Dr Nathan". In 1796 he also edited and arranged for the publication of Nathan's "The Rise of Mahomet, Accounted for on Natural and Civil Principles".
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9809462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809462" title="Live in Paris 05">
Live in Paris 05

Live in Paris 05 is a live album and video album highlighting Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini's World Tour '05 performance at Paris' Le Zénith in March 2005. The album was issued by Warner Music in November 2005 in CD, DVD, CD+DVD and two-disc DVD editions.

</doc>
<doc id="9809468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809468" title="2007 National Indoor Football League season">
2007 National Indoor Football League season

The 2007 National Indoor Football League season was the seventh and final season of the National Indoor Football League. The 2007 season was chaotic with teams folding and being suspended.
Conference Leaders Standings.
May 7 Standings.
On Monday, May 7, 2007, the owners of 8 teams not owned by the league joined together to change the schedule. The result is that all but 10 teams were prevented from playing the 10 teams that joined in the new group. These were the standings and divisions of the league as of May 7. The remaining teams had the option to continue playing games, but none of them did.
Postseason.
One post-season game was played, however, both teams were suspended from the league before the game was played, and is considered an unofficial championship. San Diego Shockwave was declared the league champion.
Indoor Football Championship Bowl
Fayetteville Guard 48
Wyoming Cavalry 34

</doc>
<doc id="9809488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809488" title="George Patterson (cricketer)">
George Patterson (cricketer)

George Stuart Patterson (October 10, 1868 – May 7, 1943) was an American cricketer, active in the late 19th century. Patterson played most notably for the Philadelphians, which flourished from the end of the 19th century until the outbreak of World War I. His obituary in "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" described him as "one of the best all-round cricketers ever produced by America." He had a successful career with both Haverford College and the University of Pennsylvania and began playing first-class cricket when he was only 16 years old.
Cricketing career.
Patterson first played club cricket in Philadelphia for the Germantown Cricket Club. He stood over six feet tall and was of slim build, batted in good style and bowled right-arm medium-pace. His first international tour occurred in 1889 when he came to England with the Gentlemen of Philadelphia. Patterson scored 529 runs, average 40.69, and headed the batting figures for the visitors. He also took 42 wickets at 23 runs each. On this tour, the Philadelphians also stopped in Ireland for a draw against that side. Patterson only scored 38 runs in the match but took 10 wickets. They then proceeded to beat Scotland by ten wickets and the Gentlemen of Hampshire by two runs.
Tour of England in 1897.
In 1897 Patterson captained his next tour of England. The tour undertaken by the Philadelphian cricketers was very ambitious. Though the results may have been less satisfactory than hoped for by promoters, the tour was arranged mainly for educational purposes and few of those on the American side expected to win many matches. Previous tours had tended to involve amateur English sides with a low level of competition. In 1897 a schedule was made including all of the top county cricket teams, the Oxford and Cambridge University teams, the Marylebone Cricket Club, and two other sides, though only a few of the counties thought it worth while to put their best elevens onto the field. Starting on June 7 at Oxford, the tour lasted for two months and ended in late July at The Oval. While it initially aroused some curiosity, many English fans lost interest until Patterson and the Philadelphians met the full Sussex team at Brighton on June 17. The team fared very well and soundly beat the English side. Patterson, though, had a relatively poor performance scoring only eight runs and not taking any wickets. The star of the match was undoubtedly John Barton King.
Despite the excitement surrounding King's performance, the Americans did not fare well overall on the tour. Fifteen matches were played, but only two were won while the team lost nine and earned a draw on four. The other win of the tour came against Warwickshire, though Patterson also performed poorly in this match. Patterson was second in his team's averages with 33, his best innings was 162 at Trent Bridge against Nottinghamshire. There were some claims, though, in the "Philadelphia Public Ledger" that the Philadelphians had been treated unfairly by the English umpires, but captain Patterson put those rumors to rest with a letter to the editor of an American newspaper:
My attention has been directed to a letter signed W.S. in the "Field" of July 24th, enclosing a clipping from the "Philadelphia Public Ledger", severely criticising the umpiring in the Philadelphian matches during our tour through England. I wish to state on behalf of the Philadelphia team that the sentiments expressed in the clipping are not those of the team, and that we emphatically repudiate any insinuation of unfair treatment. On the contrary, we have been received with the most unvarying courtesy and fairness both on and off the field. I wish to take this opportunity of making a public acknowledgement of our indebtedness to Mr. Perkins, of the M.C.C., for the umpires assigned to us, and to testify, unnecessary though it be, to their ability and integrity.
The match that the Philadelphians played against the MCC was to be Patterson's last first-class cricket match.
Other matches.
At the club and first-class level in the United States, Patterson continued to show his batting skill. His highest score in a first-class match was 271. This is still the record first-class score for a player from a non-Test nation. Four times he exceeded a thousand runs in a season, and in 1891, besides making 1,402 (average 50), he took 112 wickets at 7.97 each. With F. H. Bohlen, who died in December 1942, Patterson made 200 for the first wicket against Frank Mitchell's University team that visited Philadelphia in 1895. Patterson died in Philadelphia in 1943 at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="9809495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809495" title="James Truchard">
James Truchard

James Joseph Truchard (born June 25, 1943, in Austin County, Texas) is the co-founder and current president and CEO of National Instruments, a company producing automated test equipment and virtual instrumentation software. Truchard is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences.
Biography.
Truchard was born June 25, 1943, in Austin County, Texas, the fourth of seven children born to Joe Truchard and Lillie Schneider. Truchard earned a B.S. and an M.S. in physics, and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the University of Texas at Austin. Following his graduation, Truchard worked as managing director of the acoustical measurements division at the U.T. Applied Research Laboratories.
Founding a company.
After two years of working for U.T., Truchard realized that there was little room for promotion unless one of his coworkers retired. As he often remarks, he "didn't see a job I wanted Austin - so I created one!" Working with colleagues Jeff Kodosky and Bill Nowlin, Truchard was part of a project conducting research for the U.S. Navy that allowed them to use early computer technology to collect and analyze data. Frustrated with the inefficient data collection methods they were using, the three decided to create a product that would enable their task to be done more easily. In 1976, working in the garage at Truchard's home, the three founded National Instruments and began designing an interface board.
The group hired their first employee, Kim Harrison-Hoson in 1977 to process orders and deal with customers. Truchard's job at UT had provided him with some experience in developing products but not with managing employees or a business, so he read many books on the business and management principles in order to learn how to run a company. In 1979, as they reached $300,000 in sales, Truchard was able to leave his job at UT to concentrate on his new company full-time.
In 1986, in conjunction with Kodosky, Truchard played a pivotal role in the development of the LabVIEW graphical development software, which allows scientists to quickly build solutions for their measurement and automation needs. The graphical programming interface that LabVIEW provided revolutionized the way engineers and scientists worked.
National Instruments.
After the release of LabVIEW, the company's future seemed secured. Under Truchard's leadership, NI has seen growth and record revenue in 35 of its 37 years ( except 2001 and 2009). With the goal of balancing the success of customers, employees, shareholders, and suppliers, Truchard has led with a conservative, deliberate approach. The company focuses on innovation, growth, and expansion and prizes innovation and entrepreneurship, and has been named as one of the "Fortune" "100 Best Companies to Work For" for fourteen consecutive years (2000–2013).
Affectionately known to his employees as "Dr. T," Truchard insists that he and others in the management structure at NI remain accessible to their employees. Despite his stature as the sole CEO in the company's history, Truchard is still an approachable and down-to-earth individual. He still drives an old pick up truck to work, where he does not have an assigned parking space. Unless he is scheduled to attend an external business meeting, Truchard wears denim jeans to work every day, and sits in a cubicle in the middle of the 8th floor, where employees are free to walk up and discuss any issues they might have.
Professional activities and recognition.
Shortly after the development of LabVIEW, in 1987 Truchard received one of the first Texas High Technology Entrepreneur awards. Twelve years later he was awarded a Texas High Technology Master Entrepreneur of the Year honor. He was named one of the nation's 50 Best CEOs in three consecutive years by "Worth" Magazine. In 2002, Truchard was inducted into the Electronic Design Engineering Hall of Fame, and the following year he was elected to the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. He has also been named a University of Texas Distinguished Engineering Graduate, and in 2007 Truchard was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
Truchard is a member and former chairman of the Engineering Foundation Advisory Council, and is a member of the University of Texas Chancellor's Council. He previously served on the UT Electrical and Computer Engineering Visiting Committee, and was a founding member of the Austin Software Council. Texas governor Rick Perry appointed Truchard to the state's Advisory Council on the Digital Economy and invited Truchard to chair the Texas Science, Technology, and Math Industry Advisory Council, which seeks to reverse the declining interest of young people in technical careers.
Personal life.
Truchard lives in Austin, Texas in a house overlooking Lake Austin. He has four grown children with his wife Lee, who died in 2012 after prolonged illness.

</doc>
<doc id="9809508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809508" title="Porto flip">
Porto flip

A Porto flip is a type of alcoholic beverage. It is typically made with brandy, ruby port, and one egg yolk.

</doc>
<doc id="9809519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809519" title="Ilijas Pašić">
Ilijas Pašić

Ilijas Pašić (born 10 May 1934 in Herceg Novi) is a former Yugoslav football player and manager.
He started playing football at Romanija, but at the age of 18 he made a move to FK Željezničar. He played more than 250 games for the club as a left winger (174 of them were official games) and he scored almost 200 goals (104 in official matches). That makes him one of the best goalscorers in history of the club.
In 1954. he made a debut for Yugoslav national team. That made him first player from FK Željezničar to do so. In total, he collected 8 caps. He also scored one goal (it was on his debut). He was a part of 1958 FIFA World Cup Yugoslav squad. He was also a member of Under-21 national team and B national team (18 games, 12 goals).
He made a move to Dinamo Zagreb in 1959 for which he played 95 games, scoring 31 goals in period of three seasons. Unfortunately, injury stopped his career to rise even more. He later played in Austria and Switzerland.
He worked as a coach in Switzerland. He was a head coach in NK Rijeka and BSK Slavonski Brod, before he returned to Switzerland once more.

</doc>
<doc id="9809522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809522" title="Webometrics Ranking of World Universities">
Webometrics Ranking of World Universities

The Webometrics Ranking of World Universities, also known as Ranking Web of World Universities, is a ranking system for the world's universities based on a composite indicator that takes into account both the volume of the Web contents (number of web pages and files) and the visibility and impact of these web publications according to the number of external inlinks (site citations) they received. The ranking is published by the Cybermetrics Lab, a research group of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) located in Madrid.
The aim of the Ranking is to improve the presence of the academic and research institutions on the Web and to promote the open access publication of scientific results. The ranking started in 2004 and is updated every January and July. Today it provides Web indicators for more than 12,000 universities worldwide.
Justification and objectives of the Ranking.
The Webometrics University Ranking is a ranking system based on university web presence, visibility and web access. This ranking system measures how strongly a university is present in the web by its own web domain, sub-pages, rich files, scholarly articles etc. The central hypothesis of this approach is that web presence is a reliable indicator of the global performance and prestige of the universities and as such, is an indirect way to measure all the university missions (teaching, research, transfer). Although the Web is universally recognized as one of the most relevant tools for scholarly communication, it is still very rare these indicators are used for the evaluation of the scientific research and the academic performance of universities. Webometric indicators are provided to show the commitment of the institutions to Web publication.
A research paper in the peer-reviewed scientific journal "Scientometrics" found "reasonable similarities" between the Webometrics rankings and other prominent university rankings despite using a very different set of features to determine each university's rank. These similarities were increased when the comparison was limited solely to European universities.
Top universities are publishing millions of pages produced by dozens of departments and services, hundreds of research teams and thousands of scholars. Strong web presence informs of a wide variety of factors that are clearly correlated with the global quality of the institution: Widespread availability of computer resources available, global internet literacy, policies promoting democracy and freedom of speech, competition for international visibility or support of open access initiatives, among others.
Impact.
In Namibia, the Webometrics list is frequently used in public interaction, particularly with respect to the country's two main state-funded institutions of tertiary education, the University of Namibia and the Polytechnic of Namibia.
The 2009-2011 rankings have received significant press coverage and individual rankings have been published on the websites of universities in countries in the Middle East, East Asia, Canada and Africa.
Structure and contents.
There are pages for several regional Rankings:
- Universities. The main worldwide list of 12000 universities build from a catalogue of over 19000 institutions is also offered as regional lists:
The distribution of the Universities by region (January 2012) is as follows:
- Research Institutes. Top 2000 from a catalogue of over 7000 are published
Authorship.
The Webometrics Ranking is produced by the Cybermetrics Lab, a unit of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), the main public research body in Spain. The Lab acts as an Observatory of the Science and Technology on the Web. Isidro F. Aguillo, Hon.PhD, is the head of the Laboratory and the editor-in-chief of the Rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="9809527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809527" title="Radiation treatment planning">
Radiation treatment planning

In radiotherapy, radiation treatment planning is the process in which a team consisting of radiation oncologists, radiation therapist, medical physicists and medical dosimetrists plan the appropriate external beam radiotherapy or internal brachytherapy treatment technique for a patient with cancer.
Typically, medical imaging (i.e., x-ray computed tomography often the primary image set for treatment planning, magnetic resonance imaging excellent secondary image set for soft tissue contouring, and positron emission tomography less commonly used and reserved for cases where specific uptake studies can enhance planning target volume delineation) are used to form a "virtual patient" for a computer-aided design procedure. Treatment simulations are used to plan the geometric, radiological, and dosimetric aspects of the therapy using radiation transport simulations and optimization. For intensity modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), this process involves selecting the appropriate beam energy (photons, and perhaps protons), energy (e.g. 6 MV, 18 MV) and arrangements. For brachytherapy, involves selecting the appropriate catheter positions and source dwell times
(in HDR brachytherapy) or seeds positions (in LDR brachytherapy). The more formal optimization process is typically referred to as "forward planning" and "inverse planning".
Plans are often assessed with the aid of dose-volume histograms, allowing the clinician to evaluate the uniformity of the dose to the diseased tissue (tumor) and sparing of healthy structures.
Today, treatment planning is almost entirely computer based using patient computed tomography (CT) data sets. Modern treatment planning systems provide tools for multimodality image matching, also known as image coregistration or fusion.
Forward planning.
Forward planning is a technique used in external-beam radiotherapy to produce a treatment plan. In forward planning, a treatment places beams into a radiotherapy treatment planning system which can deliver sufficient radiation to a tumour while both sparing critical organs and minimising the dose to healthy tissue. The required decisions include how many radiation beams to use, which angles each will be delivered from, whether attenuating wedges be used, and which multileaf collimator configuration will be used to shape the radiation from each beam.
Once the treatment planner has made an initial plan, the treatment planning system calculates the required monitor units to deliver a prescribed dose to a specific area in the patient which is dependent on beam modifiers that include wedges, specialized collimation, field sizes, tumor depth, etc. The information from a prior CT scan of the patient allows more accurate modeling of the behaviour of the radiation as it travels through the patient's tissues. Different dose prediction models are available, including pencil beam, convolution-superposition and monte carlo simulation, with precision versus computation time being the relevant trade-off.
This type of planning is used for the majority of external-beam radiotherapy treatments, but is only sufficiently adept to handle relatively simple cases—cases in which the tumour has a simple shape and is not near any critical organs. For more sophisticated plans, inverse planning is used to create an intensity-modulated treatment plan. This is now also used as a part of post-mastectomy radiotherapy (PMRT) planning.
Inverse planning.
Inverse planning is a technique used to design a radiotherapy treatment plan. A radiation oncologist defines a patient's critical organs and tumour then Dosimetrist gives target doses and importance factors for each. Then, an optimisation program is run to find the treatment plan which best matches all the input criteria.
The term "inverse planning" is somewhat of a misnomer; it was devised in contrast to the manual trial-and-error process known in oncology as "forward planning". It has stuck for historical reasons. Outside of the field of oncology, this procedure would be better described as "automated planning".
HIPO (Hybrid Inverse Planning & Optimization), developed by Pi-Medical Ltd., is one algorithm.
List of Radiation Treatment Planning Systems (RTPS).
Commercial
Non-commercial

</doc>
<doc id="9809534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809534" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill

Women's Downhill World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Women's Downhill World Cup 1989/90 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9809549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809549" title="From the Inside (Laura Pausini album)">
From the Inside (Laura Pausini album)

From the Inside is Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini's English language debut album, issued by Atlantic Records in 2002.
The album.
Most of the album's twelve tracks fall in the pop genre, Two of the songs, "Love Comes From The Inside" and "I Do 2 Be" are outside pop. Two songs were first released in Italian and Spanish in former albums: "It's Not Goodbye" and "Everyday Is A Monday". The latter was originally written in English and adapted later into Italian and Spanish, though it first released in these languages. Important songwriters appear in the credits of the album, such as Andreas Carlsson, K. C. Porter, but above all longtime Madonna's collaborator Patrick Leonard. The recording company (Atlantic Records) promoted the single "Surrender" more as a dance song (helped by the several remixes of the song) than a pop song. In this way, "Surrender" was able to reach No. 1 in the "Billboard"'s Hot Dance Club Play. The same happened for the second single "If that's love". In January 2003 the album was released in Europe as well.
Despite all Pausini's efforts, the album did not get the success she expected in the United States, where it sold 100,000 copies, according to Nielsen-Soundscan.
Some blamed what they called an incorrect promotion strategy by Atlantic Records, which promoted it as a dance album. Laura Pausini disliked that choice and asked to meet with Atlantic's president. She asked to have "From the Inside" promoted in line with what she considers her singing style, i.e., Adult contemporary. When Atlantic refused, Laura Pausini threatened to drop the whole plan, but Atlantic still did not respond. Pausini, self-confident from her success in Europe and Latin America, kept her promise and went back to Italy, leaving "From the Inside" to its destiny. The promotion of the album went on in Europe for some months.
In late 2011, songs "For Your Love" and "Kiss Kiss" were fully leaked in the internet. After some polemics, Pausini confirmed that both tracks were demos from "From the Inside", but didn't make their way into the final cut. Though not confirmed, "Kiss Kiss" is supposed to have been descarted due to it being out of Pausini's style.

</doc>
<doc id="9809560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809560" title="Corking">
Corking

Corking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809565" title="125th Street Hudson River bridge">
125th Street Hudson River bridge

The 125th Street Hudson River bridge was a proposed bridge across the Hudson River between 125th Street in Manhattan, New York City and Cliffside Park or Fort Lee in New Jersey. It was never built.
The bridge was proposed by a study in 1954. Othmar H. Ammann designed a double-deck suspension bridge similar to the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which would build the bridge. A Cross Harlem Expressway was to run across the Manhattan neighborhood of Harlem to a second deck of the Triborough Bridge, also at 125th Street; this had also been proposed in 1929. The project never got beyond planning, since funds were transferred to the Verrazano Bridge, which Robert Moses's Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority had the power to build.

</doc>
<doc id="9809574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809574" title="Rōshigumi">
Rōshigumi

The Rōshigumi (浪士組), the "Kyoto Defenders", was a group of 234 masterless samurai ("ronin"), founded by Kiyokawa Hachirō in 1863. Loyal to the Bakufu, they were supposed to act as the protectors of the Tokugawa shogun.
Kiyokawa Hachirō formed the Rōshigumi with funding from the Tokugawa regime. Originally, he claimed it was formed for protecting the Tokugawa shogun in Kyoto and preparing for military action against Western countries. However, he lied to the regime; his goal was to gather people to work with the imperialists and not the Shogunate government. 
The Rōshigumi met on March 26 (lunar calendar February 8), 1863 in Edo and they all left for Kyoto. Kondo Isami, Hijikata Toshizo, Okita Soji, Inoue Genzaburō, Todo Heisuke, Harada Sanosuke, Nagakura Shinpachi. Serizawa Kamo, Niimi Nishiki, Hirayama Gorou, Hirama Juusuke, and Noguchi Kengi were all among the members of the Rōshigumi. (Two days later, while the Rōshigumi left for Kyoto, Kondo was responsible for assigning lodges for the members. However, he accidentally forgot about Serizawa's group, leading to a famous incident where Serizawa lost his temper and, with the help of his group, created a huge bonfire outside the lodges as an insult to Kondo.)
On April 10 (lunar calendar February 23), the Rōshigumi arrived at Kyoto and the group stayed in Yagitei, a Mibu village outside Kyoto. Surprisingly, Kiyokawa suddenly commanded the group to return to Edo when they had just arrived in Kyoto. By then, he had secretly submitted a letter to the imperialists stating that his Rōshigumi were to work only for the Emperor. Thirteen members dissented and stayed in Kyoto, including Kondo and Serizawa, and became the founding members of the Shinsengumi. 
In response, a government official made spies out of Rōshigumi members Tomouchi Yoshio and Iesato Jiro, forcing them to stay in Kyoto and join Serizawa and Kondo's group in order to keep an eye on them.
Other dissident members of the Rōshigumi returned to Edo and became the founding members of the "Shinchōgumi" (the Shinsengumi's brother league in Edo) with Okita Rintaro (Okita Soji's brother-in-law) as a commander.

</doc>
<doc id="9809588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809588" title="Plastic Facts">
Plastic Facts

The Nu Kats - Plastic Facts recorded at Studio Orange, mixed at The Music Grinder Hollywood in 1980. Produced by Larry Lee

</doc>
<doc id="9809589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809589" title="Lauren Powley">
Lauren Powley

Lauren Powley (born March 5, 1984) is an American field hockey player.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Lauren Powley was born March 5, 1984 in Kingston, Pennsylvania to Penelope and Kenneth Powley. She grew up in Mountaintop, Pennsylvania and graduated from Wyoming Seminary high school in Kingston, Pennsylvania, in 2002.
Field hockey career.
Powley played collegiate field hockey for the University of Maryland Terps. She was co-captain of the team her senior year, which won the NCAA Women's Field Hockey Championship.
She has been a member of the United States women's national field hockey team since 2005 and has 37 international caps. Prior to that, she and played on the junior squads in 2001 (under-18), 2002 (under-19), 2004 and 2005 (under-21). Powley competed in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China as a member of the United States Field Hockey Team. The team earned a spot in the Olympic games after defeating Belgium in the Olympic Qualifier championship game on April 28, 2008.
In 2006, Powley biked across the United States with her father, Ken, to raise money for the U.S. field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="9809591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809591" title="Alessandro Varotari">
Alessandro Varotari

Alessandro Varotari (4 April 1588 – 20 July 1649), also commonly known as il Padovanino, was an Italian painter of the late-mannerist and early-baroque Venetian school, best known for having mentored Pietro Liberi, Giulio Carpioni, and Bartolommeo Scaligero.
He was theson of Dario Varotari the Elder and the brother of Chiara Varotari, who accompanied him on his travels and assisted with his work.
Biography.
Born in Padua, hence his nickname, he was the son of the local painter and architect Dario Varotari the Elder, who likely provided his earliest training. Early paintings, such as "The incredulity of St. Thomas", "Virgin and Child", and the "Pentecost" show the influence of Titian. By the year 1614 he had relocated to Venice. He is known to have traveled to Rome twice (mid-1610s and 1625), where he was much employed in producing copies of major paintings from major Renaissance artists of the prior generation. He painted a major battle canvas in "The victory of the Carnutesi (Celts) over the Normans’’

</doc>
<doc id="9809594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809594" title="SVZ">
SVZ

SVZ can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809608" title="From the Inside">
From the Inside

From the Inside may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809619" title="PlayStation Home">
PlayStation Home

PlayStation Home (also marketed and referred to as Home) is a virtual 3D social gaming platform developed by Sony Computer Entertainment's London Studio for the PlayStation 3 on the PlayStation Network (PSN). It is accessible on the PS3's XrossMediaBar (XMB). Membership is free and requires a PSN account. Upon installation, users can choose how much hard disk space they wish to reserve for Home. Home has been in development since early 2005 and started an open public beta test on December 11, 2008.
Home allows users to create a custom avatar, which can be groomed realistically. Each avatar is given a personal apartment that users can decorate with free, bought, or won items. Users can travel throughout the Home world, which is frequently updated by Sony and its partners. Public spaces are made for display, entertainment, advertising, and networking. Home's primary forms of advertising include spaces themselves, video screens, posters, and mini-games. Home also features many single and multiplayer mini-games, and hosts a variety of special events, some of which may provide prizes to players. Users can use won items to further customise their avatar or apartments.
History.
PlayStation Home was originally named "Hub", and started as a 2D online lobby for the PlayStation 2 game "". However, the online userbase for the PlayStation 2 was too narrow and the project was soon ported to the PSN for the PlayStation 3. Phil Harrison, president of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios at the time, liked the idea of having a virtual 3D community hub for PlayStation gamers, and transferred the project to become the current PlayStation Home. In a 2007 keynote speech, Phil Harrison used the term "Game 3.0" to describe the service.
Home had been speculated since the launch of PSN, when Sony expressed interest in such a service, specifically trophies (known at the time as "entitlements") for first-party titles. PlayStation Home, as a feature, was first publicly mentioned in an interview with NG-Gamer. This was later detailed by Kotaku and finally confirmed by NG-Gamer. It was officially announced by Phil Harrison on March 7, 2007, during his keynote speech at the 2007 Game Developers Conference where it was originally scheduled for a global public release in October 2007.
Home was delayed and expanded multiple times before initially releasing. Invitations to the closed beta were offered to winners of a weekly "Warhawk" online gaming event. In August 2008, Sony sent additional invitations to select users who downloaded a new Home XMB theme in Japan and North America. Sony Computer Entertainment Europe (SCEE) and Sony Computer Entertainment Hong Kong (SCEHK) also sent out invitations to select users for a closed beta. Users who purchased more than HK$60 or SG$12 worth of content in a single transaction over the PlayStation Store from August 29 to September 12, 2008 were also invited.
In November 2008, Sony Computer Entertainment America (SCEA) invited annual Qore subscribers.
After major version 1.0, invitations were sent worldwide.
Home's open beta test began on December 11, 2008. In March 2009, an alternate reality game involving puzzle and intrigue called "Xi" proved popular after it was released by nDreams for Home. In June 2009, Peter Edwards, Director of Home for SCEE, reported that the number of users exceeded 7 million and that 80% of users were male, aged 18 to 35. At TGS 2009, Kaz Hirai announced that Home has been downloaded by 8 million users. Jack Buser, Director of Home for SCEA, stated that the name of the "beta" was not going to be removed. In a Eurogamer interview with Peter Edwards on July 24, 2009, Edwards commented that the service will no longer be beta when it "represents a kind of final quality." On October 14, 2009, Jack Buser commented that "the vision of Home has evolved." He said that originally, they were building Home as a "social network for gamers", but it has now developed into a "game platform, first and foremost."
On December 17, 2009, SCEA released its first massively multiplayer online game, produced specifically for Home, called "Sodium". It is a series of games, the first being "Sodium One".
In February 2010, emails were sent out to a select few PlayStation Home members inviting them to participate in a new private beta test for the service. This beta test was for feedback on certain changes suggested by the Home community.
In June 2010, Sony released a virtual replica of their E3 2010 booth in all versions of Home. The virtual E3 booth, slightly modified, returned the following year with previews of seven different games and the PlayStation Vita, with virtual rewards for watching the videos as well as a demo of a new PlayStation Home game, "Scribble Shooter". In addition, Sony's E3 press conference was streamed live in PlayStation Home in a special virtual theatre, as well as other live interviews that occurred during the week of E3 2011. The E3 virtual booth returned again for E3 2012, this time featuring previews of 12 games as well as a virtual avatar of Christina Lee (host of PSN's "Pulse") hosting a special E3 Quest for all 12 games with rewards. Finishing the quest granted access to the VIP section previewing upcoming PlayStation Home games and content, including the upcoming massively multiplayer online racing game "Mercia", as well as Hell Fire Games' upcoming "Home Tycoon".
On April 20, 2011, Home released version 1.50, which dramatically improved the physics and graphics engines. "" was also released.
In November 2011, a new area known as the "Hub" was released, featuring a variety of games, including "Cogs" from Lazy 8 Studios. The Hub also featured a new "Activity Board" and a new "User Generated Content" events system. Surrounding the Hub are districts based on game genres to suit users’ moods. Users can also now watch full length movies for free as an effort by online video distributor Crackle via Sony Pictures Loot. The movies are available on all Loot Entertainment on Demand (EOD) screens.
Operation.
PlayStation Home's point of view runs from a third person perspective. Upon entering Home, users are greeted with the "Message of the Day" containing Home news. During loading screens, users are presented with help tips on how to use Home.
User interface.
PlayStation Home has no on-screen interface during exploration; however, all of Home's features are available from the controller. Options include "Quick Chat", a gestures menu, the "Menu" and "Safe" screens, and an in-game XMB. In time, users will be able to play music on their PS3 hard drive. Whether this will be private or public will be determined by licensing issues that Sony is attempting to resolve.
The "Menu Screen" (formerly referred to as the Menu Pad, and before that, a virtual PSP during the pre-open beta) is laid out similar to the PS3's XMB. There are seven categories on the menu, which are Navigator, Personal, Social, Wardrobe, Redecorate, Options, and Help. The Personal category features an inventory, which contains a user's portable objects, as well as any companions that can follow the user around (such as a pet dog). The Personal category also lets users see their purchased items, rewards, downloads, and their PSN profile. The Social category lets users see their friends' locations, group activities, game launching events, the message of the day, and news.
Users can take screenshots of Home in either first or third person view and save them to their PS3's hard drive. With the use of Loot's Active Duty Camera (a premium item), users can also record videos in Home while in personal spaces or clubs. In time, some items may have a limited quantity before repurchase.
The "Safe Screen" is used for reporting, changing communication settings, and quick access to the user's personal space and XMB friends list. The Navigator (formerly known as the World Map) is also laid out like the XMB, and sorts locations into categories based on the space's purpose.
Communication.
Users can communicate in a variety of ways in Home. Along with the existing PSN messaging system, users are able to write text messages to each other using either a physical or on-screen keyboard. These messages appear in speech bubbles over the avatar's head and in a chat log. Users can switch between text chat and voice chat from within the chat log. Voice chat, with the use of a headset, is available within personal spaces and clubs, or on private voice chat channels with groups of up to eight users. The user can also perform visible gestures (or "e-motes") such as waving, nodding, or dancing. A "quick chat" feature, with predetermined phrases, is also available. Users can also indicate the emotional status of their avatar, which is displayed below their name. Some avatar costumes also have additional e-motes.
Economy.
Although the service itself can be used free of charge, premium content is available to purchase from various stores in the shopping complex and in certain spaces. Users browse and pay for items, such as virtual clothing and furniture, by accessing a shop and using its PlayStation Store interface. Items are paid for with real currency using funds from the user's PlayStation Network Wallet. Alongside content designed by Sony Computer Entertainment, other companies are also able to sell virtual goods through their own stores in Home. For example, Diesel, Ligne Roset, and Game are represented in Home with their own stores where users can purchase virtual items based on each company's own clothing and furniture designs.
Advertising is prominent in Home's public spaces. Currently, advertisements are focused on PlayStation-related content, although other video gaming-related brands are also represented. Most advertising is targeted to specific regional audiences.
In a future update, the full PlayStation Store will become accessible through Home, along with virtual TV, radio, and media playback.
Pre-order bonuses.
To advertise games in the North American Home, Sony has released pre-order bonuses for PS3 games, mainly from Amazon.com. The first Home pre-order bonus was for the PS3-exclusive "Killzone 2". Users in the North American Home who pre-ordered "Killzone 2" from Amazon.com received free additional costumes for their avatar. On February 16, 2009, if users located a Helghast soldier in the North American Home, they were granted access to the "Killzone 2 demo". Other Amazon.com pre-orders bonuses were given for "inFamous" ("Reaper" costume), "Darksiders" ("Ruin Head Mask" and "War Armor"), "MAG" ("S.V.E.R. Barracks" personal space), and "BioShock 2" ("Big Daddy" costume).
"" also received a pre-order bonus from Game Crazy. Users who pre-ordered the "Space Package" for the game received a PlayStation Home Avatar Skin.
Total Game Integration.
Total Game Integration (TGI) is Home's unique way of promoting upcoming PS3 games that include Home pre-order bonuses from Amazon.com. Instead of pre-ordering directly from Amazon.com, users can pre-order the promoted game from within PlayStation Home to receive Home and/or in-game bonuses. The first game to utilise the Total Game Integration was "Killzone 3", with the bonus being the "Helghast Jetpack". The second TGI pre-order that redesigned the Central Plaza was the "Exploding Zombie Outfit" for "Dead Island" The next TGI pre-order, a "Nathan Drake" costume, was for "". This TGI pre-order featured a Game Space called "Fortune Hunter", specifically designed for the Total Game Integration. The mini-game utilised the entire space which was a partial recreation of the Yemen level from the "Uncharted 3" multiplayer. The most recent TGI pre-order bonus, "Boost Gem Trial Pack 1", was for "Street Fighter X Tekken". For the first time in Home history, users were able to brawl using their Home avatars and could unlock Ryu and Kazuya costumes (which allow users to throw fireballs and perform custom jump kick attacks) by completing all 10 "SFxTK" challenges. A portion of The Hub was redesigned for this TGI.
The vouchers for the Amazon.com pre-order bonuses are sent out within ten days after the games release and expire 90 days after the games release. The European and Japanese versions of Home also had chances to get these pre-order bonuses as well, but through different pre-order promotions and events.
PlayStation Home TV.
On December 23, 2009, SCEE launched PlayStation Home TV to the European Home, with news and event information. If users have a community event they think should be featured in Home TV, or any other news, they can email Home TV. New episodes of Home TV are released monthly and are featured in the Home theatre.
Avatar and personal spaces.
Users are given an avatar and an apartment which they can personalise with their own choice of decor and furnishings. The user's avatar is the means of travel and communication, while personal spaces and clubs are means of expressing themselves and meeting new people and friends.
Avatar.
Users can create their own avatar or use one of several preset avatars available. Users may customise a variety of their avatar's features, which include gender, skin tone, hair, body shape, and facial structure. They may also customise their avatar's clothing and accessories using a set of standard items that may be obtained from a variety of places, including the clothing shops in Home's shopping complex, items won from Home's mini-games, or PS3 games that support Home rewards.
Users can access their wardrobe from the Menu Screen at any time and location, except when in another user's personal apartment. The wardrobe contains two sections: one is the main wardrobe for frequently used items (capacity of 500), and the other is a storage section for less frequently used items. New items are marked accordingly. Users can also filter the wardrobe view to only display favourite, purchased, rewards, or recently acquired items.
Personal spaces.
Each user has a personal space which they can modify and change suitably. The initial basic apartment, the Harbour Studio, is free and offers users limited options for customisation and personalisation. Users may invite any other Home user (even cross-region, unless space is region locked) to their personal space. Some personal spaces, such as the PlayStation Home Mansion, have a built-in TV that plays content from PlayStation (such as PlayStation.Blog). Sony Pictures Loot's personal spaces have a variety of content that can be played on their Entertainment on Demand (EOD) screens. More audio and video options may be enabled in the future. Users can also place their own digital photographs in picture frames to display on the wall of their apartment. While the Harbour Studio and basic furniture is provided to all users free of charge, premium personal spaces and some furniture can be bought from stores. Other ways to obtain furniture, decorative ornaments, or even entire personal spaces include winning mini-games in Home and from playing certain PS3 games that support Home rewards.
Premium personal spaces are available from the Home Estates store in Home's shopping complex. Sony has released many premium personal spaces for Home, from both first party and third party developers. Various premium apartments are available to all of the regions; however, some are region exclusive. The first premium personal space released was the Summer House. Loot's Sunset Yacht (formerly Amaterasu Yacht) personal space was the first personal space to allow users to set the mood of the setting (e.g. sunrise, sunset, day, night). In addition to the standard features of personal spaces, Loot's Space Apartment also allows users to view Twitter feeds from a ticker, and to search for photos from their Flickr account and display them on photo screens.
PS3 games can also have premium spaces dedicated to them. For example, the Visari Throne Room is based on Visari's Throne Room from the last level of "Killzone 2".
Sony has also provided the opportunity to receive free apartments. The Chamber Apartment was the first and was only available in May 2009 in the North American Home.
The PlayStation Home Mansion (North America and Europe) is Home's first expandable personal space.
Blueprint: Home is a personal space designer tool which allows users to create, build, and save up to five of their own personalized apartments. With a variety of different style packs, users can craft their own personalized apartment, ranging from 60 square metres to 25 rooms. Users can move their apartment to various places, ranging from a country field to the top of a skyscraper. Users can also add rooms, doors, windows, wallpaper, flooring, ceilings, feature objects, exteriors, skies, and environments. "Blueprint: Home" was developed by nDreams and released on August 1, 2012 in Europe and North America.
Clubhouse.
Users are able to purchase and form clubs. There are currently four clubhouse designs available to purchase – the Basic Clubhouse, the Desert Haven, nDream's War Room Clubhouse, Each club has a leader, who is the user who purchased the club. The leader can elect up to 4 sub-leaders and can have up to 32 members in total, including the owner. A user can only be a member of up to five clubs, including the club that the user may be the leader of. Though the user can own multiple clubhouse designs, they can only be the leader of one club and can decide which clubhouse design will be used as the meeting place for their club. In a similar way to personal spaces, the club's owner is able to set up and decorate a private clubhouse as a meeting point for club members, and the club members can enter the clubhouse at any time. The clubhouses also feature a notice board where the leader or sub-leaders can post messages and announcements to other members. Japan's Basic Clubhouse's video screen has the option to access a Home member's page after they've entered their PSN information. Users can block other users from being a member of their club. In addition to all the standard features of the clubhouses, the War Room Clubhouse helps club owners or sub-leaders get their message across during club meetings or discussions. It also includes a special access point allowing users to teleport from the War Room to other set locations
On December 2, 2010, a free exclusive club released for PlayStation Plus subscribers in Europe. The PlayStation Plus Private Members Club is a bar area with several tables and a two-to-four player card game with special rewards. The space also has Plus news, accessed reviewing a cocktail menu or watching the trailers running on an in-game video screen. On April 11, 2012, a new club called the "x7 Club" was released in North America, and can only be accessed by Plus subscribers, or users who have purchased one of the select Home exclusive items. All x7 members get special discounts, free items, and early access to select content before it gets released to the public. The club features a dance floor and a mini-game called "FLIRT".
Stage Sets.
Stage Sets are premium personal spaces where users who have a video capture system can make their own machinimas. Loot has released four different Stage Sets for users to create and film their own machinimas with, and has provided various tools within the Stage Set (e.g. lighting and props) to help the users create their own machinimas. Loot also has an array of items available at their Loot store in the shopping complex.
Public Spaces.
Home consists of various locations for players to interact and participate in activities, which are produced by both Sony Computer Entertainment and various third-parties. Spaces on the Navigator are broken up into categories based on each space's publisher and/or purpose. Spaces' names and availability vary based on the user's location.
There are four different versions of Home, which are based on four regions: Asia, Europe, Japan, and North America. Countries join whichever Sony Computer Entertainment division they are under. Japan is the only country with its own version of Home. SCEHK operates the Asian Home, SCEE operates the European Home, SCEJ operates the Japanese Home, and SCEA operates the North American Home. The different regions' Home environments have similar and different features between each other.
Core Spaces.
The Core Spaces are the spaces made by Sony Computer Entertainment specifically for the Home environment, and serve as the central meeting point for users. These are the main spaces of Home and are updated the most. They are also where most events occur. These spaces include a central meeting point; a bowling alley and gaming arcade; a shopping complex; a café; various game, developer, and company spaces; the PlayStation Events spaces; and the districts.
The Home Square (Europe, Asia, and Japan) or "The Hub" (North America) is Home's central meeting point where users commonly meet and chat. It connects all of th Core Spaces together, and is where much of the advertising occurs. There are five distinct districts for specific game genres. Europe's Home Square and The Hub feature a "districts design" to access the districts. They also feature an "Activity Board" allowing users to access reward giving quests, which may include users having to visit various places and/or play various mini-games.
PlayStation Events Space.
The PlayStation Events Space opens to the public during special events. This space consists of five known spaces – Events Landing, The Gallery, the Presentation Podium, The Backstage Pass, The Observatory, and the PlayStation Network Sphere – and is a venue for special events, announcements, and parties.
Game Spaces.
Sony Computer Entertainment and various third parties can create dedicated "Game Spaces" for specific games. These spaces generally depict a level of the game itself and have mini-games or interactions related to the game. There are over forty Game Spaces that have been released for Home. These Game Spaces vary depending on the region the user is in.
Game Developer Spaces.
Video game developers are able to create "Developer Spaces" for their developing company to showcase their products in Home. These spaces act similarly to Game Spaces except they are not for a specific game. These spaces generally have mini-games related to their company or games and offer a wide range of content for purchase based on their company. Currently, twelve game developers have made Game Developer Spaces for Home.
Non-gaming Company Spaces.
Non-gaming-related companies can also create sponsored "Company Spaces" for Home. These also act similarly to Game Spaces but are specifically made to sponsor the company's products.
The first company to do this was Red Bull with their Red Bull Space, which released on January 8, 2009 for Europe and North America and features the "Red Bull Air Race" mini-game. The Air Race is a virtual version of the real-life event. On November 26, 2009, Red Bull released two new spaces for Europe and North America, one for the Red Bull Illume and the other for the Red Bull Flugtag. The Illume space has an exhibition of action and adventure sports photographs from Red Bull Illume. The winning photograph from each of the competition's ten categories is displayed on large illuminate cubes, imitating the real-life exhibit. The Red Bull Beach space has the "Red Bull Flugtag" mini-game where users can compete against one another by launching one of five flying machines off of a 30-foot high deck to try and achieve flight. It also features a Red Bull Jukebox with ten different tunes from Red Bull. All three of the Red Bull spaces were released to the Asian Home on June 17, 2010. On January 5, 2012, Red Bull released their first personal space for Home, the Red Bull House of Skate, which features an indoor skate park.
Phil Harrison stated that locations built around famous coffee, drinks, clothing, and record companies, along with major retailers and other such companies could feature content depending on the company's desire to create Home content.
Game launching.
Game launching is a feature in Home which allows users to launch PS3 games while in Home. There are two types of game launching: full and simplified. Full game launching support allows users to organise and start multi-player games with other Home users, who may or may not be on their friends lists. Users can set up a full game launching session by going into their menu screen, selecting "Game Launching", and setting up a session with advanced options. They can also join an existing session. When users have set up a game that is ready to launch, the name of the game and how many players have joined the session is shown under the users' names above their avatar's head. By using the game launching feature, users are entered directly into the game, bypassing the normal title screen. After the match ends, users can either quit the game and be returned to their XMB, or they can quit the game and be returned to Home.
Simplified game launching, also known as universal game launching, was implemented with Core Client update v1.30 and allows any PS3 game to be launched from Home. With simplified game launching, users can insert a game into their PS3 while in Home and follow the on-screen directions. Users have a limited number of options to select with simplified game launching. For instance, they cannot choose what map or level they want, nor can they choose what settings for the map or level within Home. Users must do that after the game has been launched. The name of the game and how many users have joined the session is also shown under the users' names above the avatars' heads.
User-generated content.
User-generated content for Home is slowly being implemented. In time, Home may have a greater ability for user-generated content, but under strict moderation. Picture frames are the first feature to support user-generated content with photo sharing. The "inFamous" Game Space also supports user-generated content by allowing users to create their own unique graffiti designs in the graffiti mini-game and save it to their PS3s HDD to display for their friends. Users will soon be able to create their own apartments with nDreams' Blueprint: Home.
On October 16, 2009, Rockstar Games began having ""Beaterator" Parties" at the Listen@Home station in North America's former Central Plaza. "Beaterator" is a PSP game that allows users to mix their own music and produce their own loops. During "Beaterator" sessions, Rockstar Games played "Beaterator" tracks that users had uploaded to the Rockstar Games Social Club.
The newest ability for user-generated content is nDreams's Blueprint: Home, which is a personal space designer tool that allows users to create, build, and save up to five of their own personalized apartments.
Games.
PlayStation Home is a host for several games, exclusive to PlayStation Home. In October 2009, Jack Buser announced that PlayStation Home has developed into a "game platform, first and foremost." Since then, several PlayStation Home exclusives have been released. The first game was "Xi", which was released before the change in development to a gaming platform. The more prominent PlayStation Home exclusive games include:
"Xi".
"Xi" ( or ) was the world's first console-based and virtual world-based alternate reality game. The game was an adventure that took place in a series of secret areas in Home that changed frequently. The goal of the game was to help find "Jess" and the meaning of the letter "Xi" by collecting fragments and butterflies. The game also involved the users to search for clues in the real world. This game was created by nDreams who released several spaces for "Xi".
The "Xi" Museum features an updated "Xi" Alumni Hub, the three Alpha Zone 1 spaces (Game Test Area, Maximum-Tilt Lobby, and Adventure Lobby), and four Alpha Zone 3. In addition, the "Xi" Museum now features a "Xi" Museum Shop, with items such as a Maximum-Tilt bike and the robot Stapler for users’ personal spaces. Users can now purchase the public space "Party at Jess's Apartment" that was featured during "Xi".
"Sodium".
"Sodium" is the first Home based massively multiplayer online game released on December 17, 2009 to the European and North American versions of Home and on June 17, 2010 to the Japanese version. This game was developed by Outso and published by Lockwoood Publishing, and is the first part of a four-game series for Home. Like in "Xi", there is a space for the game that can be accessed through the Navigator. The space is called the "Sodium Hub" and features the "Salt Shooter Game". The first five levels are entirely free, while additional levels and experiences can be unlocked with the purchase of virtual items. New games, virtual items, and community events will continually be added.
"Sodium 2: Project Velocity" was released on June 16, 2011. Unlike its predecessor,"Sodium 2" is a completely free to play. The game involves high-speed racing, similar to the "Wipeout" series of games. "Sodium 2" features a single player mode that allows users to hone their skills and progress through the "Sodium 2" XP system. Users can complete objectives, earn Sodium Credits, and compete on the world-wide leader board. In addition to single player, "Sodium 2" features real-time multiplayer, where users can race against friends or strangers.
"The Midway".
"The Midway" is a series of three games developed by Mass Media Inc.
Along with the release of "The Midway 3", Mass Media released a central hub for the "Midways" called the Hot Zone. The Hot Zone features an air hockey mini-game, a "Redemption Centre" (where users can redeem their Hot Zone points), a Ticket Booth to purchase more tickets for "Midways" mini-games, access to the three "Midways", Darla's Den personal space, and a registration for The Midway Cash Carnival Sweepstakes. Users that play any of the "Midways" mini-games are entered into the Cash Carnival sweepstakes (open to US citizens only), where users can win weekly prizes from Sony Electronics with a grand prize of $15,000 USD (May 2012 – November 2012).
"Novus Prime".
"Novus Prime" is a free-to-play multiplayer game in PlayStation Home developed by Hellfire Games. The game allows users to play missions in either single player or multiplayer cooperative format. Users can form teams of up to four players and embark on missions where they employ weaponry in battles against fleets of enemies. In addition to the Navigator, users can access "Novus Prime" from the Action District. "Novus Prime" has received two expansions – "Escalation" on March 31, 2011 and "Vindication" on January 11, 2012 – each adding new missions, weapons, enemies, races, rewards, as well as a personal space. The current version of "Novus Prime" is v5.5, which was released on April 11, 2012 and added new features and content to the game.
"Aurora".
"Aurora" is a game world with challenges and secrets to uncover that will evolve over time with new features, characters, games, and narrative. "Aurora" features the mini-game "OrbRunner" where users can gain XP and unlock special rewards by defending the isles from enemies. It also features the mini-game "Sky Fishing" where users can sky fish for various items to add to their collection journal. There are also various information points with information about "Aurora". Users can also complete the 12 tasks of "Collect-O-Rama", which upon completing will grant the users the "Collect-O-Rama Pack". Another upcoming mini-game is "Aurora Defense" where users defend the isles of Aurora. "Aurora" was made by nDreams and was released on March 17, 2011 There have been four updates to the game: version 1.2 on October 6, 2011, v1.3 on October 27, 2011, v1.4 on December 22, 2011, and v1.5 on April 4, 2012.
"No Man's Land".
"No Man’s Land" is a multiplayer third-person tactical shooter, featuring a cover-based movement system and 4v4 team battles. The game was developed by VEEMEE and released in North America on June 20, 2012 and in Europe on July 25, 2012. Following the completion of a tutorial session, players are given an introductory loadout that allows access to the game. Armour and weapon upgrades can be purchased from in-game Commerce Points in a variety of combinations, which VEEMEE plans to evolve in time. The game features two modes: Scavengers and Team Deathmatch. Team Deathmatch is a time-limited game mode that involves killing as many enemy players as possible. In the Scavengers game mode, teams must collect salvage packs from the depleted cityscape. These resources are all that are left of the old world. Each team must bring all the salvage to their "salvage dump" before the other team does. Players earn points for placing salvage on their team’s salvage dump, for stealing enemy salvage, and for simply killing the enemy.
"Mercia: Fractured Realms".
"Mercia: Fractured Realms" is PlayStation Home's first free-to-play RPG. The game "opens up the possibility for huge worlds and a depth of narrative that have yet to be explored on the platform." It has a detailed XP system and rewards. Players can explore the world and dungeons, fight beasts, collect items, and complete quests. Players can also discover the Guardians who will guide them on their journey. The game was developed by Lockwood Publishing and released on August 30, 2012 in Europe and North America.
"Home Tycoon".
"Home Tycoon" is Home's first 3D city-building game being developed by Hellfire Games. "Home Tycoon", similar to the "RollerCoaster Tycoon" and "Zoo Tycoon" games, allows users to create their own city from the ground up, explore it at street level as their own avatar, and share it with friends. The game also features a large variety of story-driven missions and activities, vehicle driving, and over 50 avatar rewards to unlock. Users will assume the role as the newly elected mayor, in which they'll gather resources and broker strategic business deals to kick-start their town's economy. There are over 60 unlockable buildings throughout the game, and users can craft and personalize their city with apartment buildings, luxury homes, public parks, power plants, research hospitals, police stations, and other buildings.
"Intellivision Gen2".
Intellivision Productions, Inc. announced on September 14, 2012 that it will be bringing three "classic games" from the Intellivision game console to PlayStation Home as Intellivision Gen2, scheduled for Fall 2012. The games featured are "Astrosmash", "Shark! Shark!", and "Night Stalker", which have been upgraded while staying true to the original's looks and game play. The development team stated they are "enhanced yet completely faithful conversions." The developers also stated that they're adding some features that they would have liked to have added in the original versions. "Astrosmash Gen2" features more types of UFOs, more pronounced difficulty level progressions, and base weapon power-ups in comparison to the original. With "Shark! Shark! Gen2", in addition to players being a fish eating other fish trying try to take down the shark, their food and foes will both swim in a wide variety of new patterns. "Night Stalker Gen2" is still filled with bats and spiders, but now it has a greater variety of killer robots, each more challenging to confront, along with a variety of maze structures.
Other games.
Other, less prominent PlayStation Home exclusive games include "Dragon's Green"; fantasy mini-golf game "Conspiracy"; PlayStation Home's first third-person shooter game "Slap Happy Sam"; "PlayStation Home Hold 'em"; "Sports Trivia"; "RC Rally"; "Bootleggers '29"; "Cutthroats: Battle for Black Powder Cove"; and "Clusterpuck".
Events.
Home hosts many types of events organised by Home and its affiliated content providers. Live events such as developer interviews, E3, sports, and concerts are broadcast. Special events are generally held at the PlayStation Events Space in-game.
The first events in Home required the users to either answer questions or suggest ideas on the Official PlayStation Home Forums for a chance to win a prize. The prize was generally a $10 USD product voucher for virtual items in the shopping complex. These events were organised by the PlayStation Home Managers.
Some events are used to promote and advertise upcoming films. In 2009 in Europe, there was a treasure hunt occurring in Home to promote the film "".
There are some events in Home where users can win PS3 games. US users in the North American Home had the chance to win the "" by entering the "Uncharted 2" space between the event times and playing the "Mask Mayhem" mini-game. The user who placed first on the leader board in the "Uncharted 2" space received the Fortune Hunter Edition. Users also had three chances during November 2009 to win the "Uncharted 2: Among Thieves – Fortune Hunter Edition".
The first live-streaming event for PlayStation Home was NASA's final launch of Space Shuttle Discovery. This event occurred on February 24, 2011 at 4:50 pm EST. Users could watch the live stream from their (or their friends) Sunset Yacht (formerly Amaterasu Yacht) personal space.
From July 29 through 31, 2011, the EVO World Finals were streamed live in North America's theatre. This stream was also used to test a new streaming method for Home. Rewards were given each day with the final reward, a virtual replica trophy of the EVO Championship Trophy.
In the European and North American Home, the Home management teams have set up days for users to meet up and launch the featured game of the night. For example, in the North American Home, there was a "Resistance 2: SRPA Siege Night", which occurred every Friday from 6 pm PT to 10 pm PT. The North American Home now has a Featured Game Night where online multi-player games have been pre-selected in advance to be featured every night of the month for users to meet up in Home and launch into the featured game of the night.
Security.
Sony is strict on the behaviour of users in Home. A variety of potentially offensive words and word combinations are automatically censored in messages that users write to each other, and administrators are able to block a user's console and IP address from accessing the service if a user behaves illegally, inappropriately, or against the terms of use of the service. Video, audio and text are archived in the case of grief reports.
Users are able to report the inappropriate or offensive behaviour of other users to moderators by accessing the "PlayStation Home Safe Screen". Users are also able to change their communication settings to block or mute messages from users who are not on their friends list.
Updates.
PlayStation Home undergoes weekly maintenance on Wednesdays (formerly Thursdays), which comes with weekly content updates that may include new spaces, games, or items. The core updates provide bug fixes and expand the social and gameplay aspects of Home. The beta has received several updates that included giving the users the ability to access the patio of their Harbour Studio, to access the 'Menu Pad', and to access the shopping complex. Other features, such as weather, and seasons, have yet to be released. After location-affecting updates, the location must be re-downloaded. Content updates do not affect the version number, while core client updates affect the version number.
Room for PlayStation Portable.
Room for PSP, a cancelled service that was to be similar to PlayStation Home, was in development for the PlayStation Portable. Officially spelled as "R∞M", it was being beta-tested in Japan. It was to be added to the PSP in an update and could have been launched directly from the PlayStation Network section of the XMB. Just like in Home, PSP owners would have been able to invite other PSP owners into their rooms to "enjoy real time communication." A closed beta test began in Q4 2009 in Japan. Development of Room halted on April 15, 2010.
PlayStation Home Arcade.
PlayStation Home Arcade is an application for the PlayStation Vita featuring games that were previously only available as arcade cabinets inside PS Home. Once purchased, games can be used on either platform at no additional cost. "Icebreaker", "WipEout 2D", and a demo of "Scribble Shooter" are included with the application for free.

</doc>
<doc id="9809622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809622" title="Oremus (disambiguation)">
Oremus (disambiguation)

Oremus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9809627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809627" title="Larry Sutton">
Larry Sutton

Larry James Sutton (born May 14, 1970 in West Covina, California) is a former Major League Baseball player for the Kansas City Royals, Oakland Athletics, St. Louis Cardinals, and Florida Marlins. He attended Mater Dei High School and the University of Illinois.
Sutton was a 21st round draft pick by the Kansas City Royals in . In , Sutton was the MVP of the Class-A Carolina League, and his team, the Wilmington Blue Rocks won the Carolina League championship. The team featured future major leaguers Johnny Damon and Sal Fasano. In 2000, he hit two home runs in the Triple-A World Series for Memphis against Indianapolis.
In 572 career at-bats, Sutton compiled a .236 batting average.
In 2012, he was the manager of the DSL Pirates2

</doc>
<doc id="9809641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809641" title="Marcus Hellner">
Marcus Hellner

Carl Marcus Joakim Hellner (born 25 November 1985) is a Swedish cross-country skier who has been competing since 2003.
Athletic career.
Hellner had a total of seven victories in the junior levels of cross-country skiing up to 30 km from 2003 to 2005. In Gällivare, Sweden, he took his first world cup win on a 15 km event.
Hellner won bronze, his first medal, in the 4 × 10 km at the 2007 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Sapporo.
In the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Hellner won his first Olympic gold medal in the 30 km cross-country pursuit, deciding the race in a sprint at the end. At the 4 × 10 km classic/free, Hellner took gold for Sweden after leading the race from the very start.
In the 2011 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Oslo, Hellner opened his championship with winning a victory in the men's sprint. A couple of days later, Hellner, like in the 2010 Winter Olympics, rode the last lap for Sweden in the 4 × 10 km relay. This time finishing second, winning a silver medal for Sweden.
In the 2012, Hellner became the first Swedish male skier to be on the podium in Tour de Ski by securing a second place overall after passing Petter Northug in the final uphill event. [http://www.fiscrosscountry.com/news/dario-cologna-takes-his-third-tour-ski-victory,2835.html].
At the 2014 Winter Olympics Hellner won a silver medal at the 30 km skiathlon and a gold in the men's 4 × 10 km relay, skiing the last leg.
Personal life.
Hellner participated in the 2010 World Series of Poker main event.
In March 2012, Hellner joined Team Pokerstars SportsStars alongside Mats Sundin and Boris Becker.

</doc>
<doc id="9809645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809645" title="Doyers Street">
Doyers Street

Doyers Street is a street in the heart of Chinatown in the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is one block in length and has a sharp bend in the middle. The street runs south and then southeast from Pell Street to the intersection of Bowery, Catherine Street, Chatham Square, and Division Street. 
The street is the site of several restaurants and the Chinatown branch of the United States Postal Service at 6 Doyers Street. The Nom Wah Tea Parlor opened at 13 Doyers Street in 1927, and is still in operation. Other longstanding business include Ting's Gift Shop at 18 Doyers. The street is also known for its barber shops and hair stylists.
History.
The street owes its name to Hendrik Doyer, an 18th-century Dutch immigrant who bought the property facing the Bowery in 1791 and operated a distillery where the post office is now sited and the "Plough and Harrow" tavern near the corner with Bowery.
From 1893 to 1911, 5–7 Doyers Street was the site of the first Chinese language theater in New York City. The theater was converted into a rescue mission for the homeless. In 1903, the theater was the site of a fundraiser by the Chinese community for Jewish victims of a massacre in Kishinev.
Early in the century, the bend in the street became known as "the Bloody Angle" because of numerous shootings among the Tong Gangs of Chinatown that lasted into the 1930s. Hatchets were frequently used, leading to the creation of the expression, "hatchet man". In 1994, law enforcement officials said that more people died violently at the "Bloody Angle" than at any other street intersection in the United States.
One shooting at the Chinese Theater in 1905 claimed the lives of three people, when members of the Hip Sing Tong fired on members of the On Leong Tong. The shooting took place at a time when the theater was packed with 400 people. In one 1909 incident, two members of the On Leong Tong were shot, one fatally, by members of the rival Four Brothers’ Society, or See Sing Tong. The shooting came after three members of the Hip Sing Tong were executed in Boston for the murder of a member of the On Leong tong.
A number of old tenement houses are on Doyers Street, and these were sometimes subjected to fires. In 1910, four tenants died and five were injured when fire swept through the building at 15–17 Doyers. In 1939, a fire at the same building, described by the "New York Times" as "an old rabbit warren," killed seven persons and injured sixteen. Fighting the fire was made difficult because of the narrowness of the street, and Mayor Fiorello La Guardia said at the scene of the fire that someday Chinatown would have to be torn down and replaced.
Chuck Connors, a Tammany Hall operative and the political boss of Chinatown in the early part of the century, had his headquarters at the Chatham Club at 6 Doyers, now the site of Chinatown's U.S. post office. Irving Berlin reportedly entertained at that establishment.
Writing in H.L. Mencken's "American Mercury" in 1926, Herbert Asbury pointed out that the street serves no logical purpose, because it is a link between Chatham Square and Pell Street, which also connects to the square a few feet from Doyers. He called it "a crazy street, and there has never been any excuse for it." He described Doyers Street as the "nerve center" of Chinatown because of the Chinese theater and Bloody Angle.
By 2011, the street was lined with barbershops, as well as an employment agency at 15-17 Doyers serving recent immigrants of all ethnic backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9809647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809647" title="LEO (spacecraft)">
LEO (spacecraft)

LEO (; English: Lunar Exploration Orbiter) was the name of a proposed German mission to the Moon, announced by the German Aerospace Center (DLR) Director Walter Doellinger on March 2, 2007. Because the needed money for the year 2009 was diverted elsewhere, the start of the project was delayed indefinitely.
Precise characteristics of the mission were announced in early 2008, and estimated costs were projected to be ca. €350 million (~$514 million) over five years. The mission would involve a lunar orbiter that DLR intended to build and launch in 2012 to map the lunar surface. It would be the first German mission to the Moon and the first European mission to the Moon since SMART-1.
Numerous leading German planetologists, among them Gerhard Neukum, Ralf Jaumann and Tilman Spohn, have condemned the indefinite postponement and argue for resuming the LEO-project.
Design.
The main satellite will weigh about 500 kilograms and is accompanied by a small sub-satellite, which weighs about 150 kilograms. The intended orbital altitude is about 50 km.
Planned experiments included measurements of lunar gravitational and magnetic fields. The main satellite would have also carried a microwave radar to probe beneath the lunar surface up to a depth of a few hundred meters. At maximum depth the radar would be able to resolve structures up to two meters.
Science objectives.
The duration of the mission around the Moon will be four years, during which the charting of the entire lunar surface would take place. The survey is to be three-dimensional and in colour with one aim being to provide indications of significant geological formations that could later be of interest for drilling.
The probe will also investigate the moon's magnetic and gravity fields, look for water and analyse the minerals on its surface. It will use the best camera currently available, the best radar sensors and unique spectrum sensors for measuring the mineral composition.

</doc>
<doc id="9809673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809673" title="Person-centered ethnography">
Person-centered ethnography

Person-centered ethnography is an approach within psychological anthropology that draws on techniques and theories from psychiatry and psychoanalysis to understand how individuals relate to and interact with their sociocultural context. The term was first used by Robert I. Levy, a psychoanalytically trained psychiatrist, to describe his psychodynamically informed approach to interviewing during his anthropological fieldwork in Tahiti and Nepal. 
A key distinction in person-centered interviewing is that between interviewees as "informants" and as "respondents". As Levy and Hollan describe it, 
There is a significant difference between asking a Tahitian interviewee something like "Please describe for me exactly how and why supercision (a penis-mutilating rite of passage) is done by Tahitians," and asking him "Can you tell me about "your" supercision?"..."Did it change your life in any way?" "How?" "What did you think and feel about it then?" "What do you think and feel about it now?"
The first question engages interviewees as typical ethnographic informants, asking them to describe features of their culture or social system; the latter questions ask much more directly about their own experiences, feelings, hopes, and desires, as well as changes in these over time. Not surprisingly, asking about these more intimate topics generally requires much longer acquaintance with an interviewee than do questions about more publicly available knowledge. 
Levy and Hollan note that person-centered interviewing makes use of both modes and tacks back and forth between them; its difference from most methods of ethnographic interviewing lies in its emphasis on the latter and its concern with understanding how individuals relate to, experience, and understand their larger sociocultural context. Within these, major topics of interest typically include: the experience of the self, morality, the body, illness and healing, emotions, and family relationships. 
Methodologically, person-centered interviewing also depends on a fair degree of experience in self-monitoring for transference and countertransference phenomena, as well as attention to elisions, avoidances, and gaps in an interviewees' answers and attention to interviewees' emotional reactions during and outside the formal interview setting. 
Person-centered interviewing comes out of a psychodynamically informed tradition within Culture and Personality studies and American psychological anthropology and shares a number of methodological and thematic concerns with clinical ethnography. 

</doc>
<doc id="9809680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809680" title="Udo Walendy">
Udo Walendy

Udo Walendy (born 21 January 1927) is a German Holocaust denier who also disputes Germany's guilt for the Second World War.
Life.
He was born in Berlin.
Towards the end of the war Walendy was drafted first into the "Reichsarbeitsdienst" (auxiliary force), then the "Luftwaffenhelfer" (child soldier in the air force) and finally into the regular "Wehrmacht" (the German military). He completed his "Abitur" (secondary education) in 1946 and then went to journalism school in Aachen. From 1950 to 1956 he studied political science at the Hochschule für Politik in West Berlin, where he received his diploma.
Afterwards he worked as the director of a folk high school in Herford and as the business leader of an employers' association in Bielefeld. In 1965 he went independent and founded the "Verlag für Volkstum und Zeitgeschichtsforschung" ("Publishing House for Folklore and Contemporary Historical Research") in Vlotho. In 1999 ownership of the publishing house was transferred to his wife, since Walendy was barred from directing it due to his criminal convictions. He maintains close contact with the Belgian revisionist organisation Vrij Historisch Onderzoek (VHO). He was imprisoned for 15 months for his writings denying the Holocaust.
Activity as author and publisher.
Besides other works Walendy oversaw the publication of numerous materials in which the Holocaust was denied and the Third Reich was generally presented in a positive light. Among others these include:
Walendy has been charged with criminal activity several times, including under Germany's "Volksverhetzung" law (incitement to hatred).

</doc>
<doc id="9809682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809682" title="List of crossings of the Niagara River">
List of crossings of the Niagara River

This is a list of bridges and crossings over the Niagara River in order from Lake Erie downstream (generally northward) to Lake Ontario. Bridges and crossings marked * cross branches of the river within the United States, while those marked † cross within Canada. All others cross the full river and connect the U.S. and Canada. The endpoints of each bridge or crossing are shown in order from right to left facing downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="9809699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809699" title="Agora University">
Agora University

Short History.
In 10th of January 2000, in Oradea was founded the Agora Foundation as a non profit, non governmental, non-political, independent organization, having a humanitarian and non-patrimonial purpose and it was enrolled into the Register of associations and foundations as a private juridical entity. Through the Decision taken by the General Committee of the Founding Members, on 17th of March 2000, inside the Foundation was developed a private university and also the calendar of the activities that should have been followed, in order to get the authorization for the institution, and for the first programs of study.
By the Decision of the Agency for Quality Assurance in Higher Education (Romania), taken on 20th of December 2010, the Agora University was accredited with the qualifier “trust“, and the proposal was transmitted to the Romanian Ministry of National Education (Romania). The proposal was transmitted to the Parliament of Romania.
After the approval of the two Chambers of the Romanian Parliament and of the Romanian president, in 3 April 2012 it was published in Romanian Official Gazette no. 222, 1st part, the Act 59/2012 regarding the establishment of Agora University of Oradea. 
Founders:
University Staff (2012-2016):
Faculty of Law and Economics.
The Bachelor's specializations (Bologna System - Cycle 1) of this faculty are:
The Master's specialization (Bologna System - Cycle 2) of this faculty is:
The Postgraduate's specializations of this faculty are:
Publishing House.
CCC Publications, powered by Agora University Publishing House, currently publishes IJCCC and its scope is to publish scientific literature (journals, books, monographs and conference proceedings) in the area: Computing, Communications, Control.
International Relations.
The staff is involved in international cooperation with foreign institutions, having good relationship and agreements with universities from Italy, U.S.A., France, Lithuania, Hungary.
Agora University together with The Institute of Political Studies San Pio V of Rome, Italy opened the first series of courses for the Italian residents in Romania in 2001. The program was financed by the Italian Ministry of Labor and Social Assistance.
The San Pio V University of Rome, Italy, The University of Malta and Agora University opened in 2003 The Master studies on Economical and Cultural Cooperation: "The Human Rights in The Mediterranean Region, The Ways of a Lasting Development".
Categories.
List_of_universities_in_Romania

</doc>
<doc id="9809729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809729" title="Elmar Schmid">
Elmar Schmid

Elmar Schmid (born 1947 Binn Wallis, Switzerland) is a Swiss clarinetist.
He studied in Zurich with Professors Marcel Wahlich, Hansjörg Leuthold and, in Berlin, with Karl Leister.
He is currently Professor of Clarinet and Chamber Music at the Zurich School of Music where he also carries out an intense professional artistic activity.
His ample musical interests concentrate his dedication on New Music and original Folkloric music. He is musical Director of the 'Oberwalliser Spillit' ensemble, for which the composer Heinz Holliger has written 'Alb Cher'. In 1999 Jürg Wittenbach dedicated to this musical ensemble his composition 'Gragantua chez les Helvètes du Haut-Wallais' (Scenes on Rabelais).
He was a part of Collegium Novum Zürich.
He is married to the clarinetist Sabine Gertschen; they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="9809730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809730" title="Kiviaq (Inuit lawyer)">
Kiviaq (Inuit lawyer)

Kiviaq (born David Charles Ward; 1936) is a Canadian Inuit lawyer, politician, and former sportsman. He was the first Inuk to become a lawyer, and is responsible for several important advances in establishing the legal rights of the Inuit people; in 2001, he won the legal right to use his single-word Inuktituk name.
Born outside what is now Chesterfield Inlet, Nunavut, he was raised in Edmonton, Alberta. He served on the Edmonton City Council as an alderman, and (unsuccessfully) ran for mayor in the 1970s; in 2003, Edmonton mayor Bill Smith declared March 14 "Kiviaq Day".
Athletic career.
In Edmonton, Kiviaq took to boxing to deal with racially-motivated abuse from other children. He won his first Golden Gloves championship at age 13, and later became a prizefighter, winning 102 of 108 fights. In 1955, aged 19, he became the first Inuk (or "Eskimo") to play on the Edmonton Eskimos football team.
Health.
Kiviaq has Ménière's disease, and is unable to ride on an airplane without becoming physically ill; consequently, he is unable to return to the Arctic, and remains in Edmonton.
Documentary.
He is the subject of the documentary film "Kiviaq vs. Canada", by award-winning producer Zacharias Kunuk.

</doc>
<doc id="9809735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809735" title="Faisal Masud">
Faisal Masud

Faisal Masud (Urdu: فيصل مسعود); born October 16, 1954) is the current Vice Chancellor of King Edward Medical University, Lahore and ex-Principal of Services Hospital / Services Institute of Medical Sciences in Lahore, Pakistan.
Education & Career.
He obtained an MBBS degree in 1976, from Nishtar Medical College, Multan, securing overall top position and was selected as the 'best graduate'.
He became a Member of Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh, Glasgow and London in 1982 and a Fellow of Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh in 1998. His area of interest is endocrinology.
He started his teaching career from Allama Iqbal Medical College in 1982 and then moved on to teach at FJMC, King Edward Medical College, Lahore, Post Graduate Medical Institute, Lahore and Services Institute of Medical Sciences, Lahore.
He was passionate in his belief that the medical colleges and universities should adopt liberalism . He encouraged basic research and sometimes referred clinical research as mere "stamp collecting effort". Although he himself started as a clinical researcher with numerous research publications to his credit, over time his emphasis shifted more towards the basic research. He wanted to create a multi-disciplinary research group as he often said,"The best research proposals come from cross insemination of ideas from unrelated fields". He managed to create an endowment fund for SIMS to provide annual research grants to the promising young researchers. In this process he established a system of grant assessment and research audit.
In 2003, in the face of stiff administrative opposition, he started a comprehensive diabetes management center at services hospital Lahore where he was serving as a professor at that time. His daughter helped him write a software for this center to create a huge database of more than 84,000 patients of diabetes. This center was upgraded with philanthropic support in 2004 to full fledged department of endocrinology and metabolism to impart post-graduate endocrine training. In recognition of this effort College of physicians and surgeons of Pakistan (CPSP) elected him as its first fellow in the field of endocrinology.
Role in Dengue epidemic 2011.
In 2011 when the province of Punjab faced an epidemic of Dengue fever, he was appointed by the government to head a group of experts to draw up treatment protocols and algorithms for its management. This group of experts DEAG (Dengue Expert Advisory Group) was instrumental in training of family physicians, doctors and paramedics and publication of GCP (Good Clinical Practice) guidelines for the management of dengue fever. For his efforts during this epidemic he was decorated with Tamgha-e-Imtiaz in August 2012. Soon afterwards he got promoted in recognition of the meritorious services rendered by him during the epidemic.
PIC related drug reaction.
In early December 2011, soon after the end of dengue epidemic, Lahore hospitals started receiving patients with bone marrow suppression. Most of them tested positive for dengue IgM raising a possibility of some aberrant form of dengue disease. He was the first one to raise alarm about the possibility of a drug reaction, pointing to the common denominator of the consumption of PIC (Punjab Institute of Cardiology) dispensed medications. He strongly disagreed with the possibility of it being a variant of Dengue. He was a member appointed to inquire into this matter. He was proven right when the problem was traced to a heart medicine that was heavily contaminated with antimalarial (pyrimethamine) which is known for its hematological side effects.
Hospital automation and EMR.
His enthusiasm to embrace IT as tool for effective management and for gleaning authentic data for resource allocation was greeted with muted skepticism, considering the previous attempts at other institutions were absolute failure. Within three years he not only prepared the EMR and hospital management software but also got it implemented. When asked he once said,"Changing the hardened attitudes in a public sector establishment is the biggest challenge".
Although his administrative abilities were doubted, he proved his critics wrong when he established Services Institute of Medical Sciences, in the face of stiff opposition. Services Institute of Medical Sciences is now a premier destination for the students seeking quality medical education. He achieved phenomenal success in creating acceptability of the institution which was recognized by Pakistan Medical and Dental Council, University of Health Sciences and College of Physicians and Surgeons of Pakistan. Results declared by independent examining body, UHS, show extraordinary achievements of SIMS. He believed in the need for meticulous planning for the future while drawing up development plans. His development plans often faced bureaucratic obstacles for being too ambitious. He was relegated to political back waters because he was often bracketed with the outgoing government of PML-Q of 2008; but in spite of the fiscal constraints he managed to up grade the infra-structure including OPD tower, radiology block in addition to the three story air-conditioned waiting hall, Accidents and Emergency Department with 16 slice CT Scanner thereby almost doubling the covered area of the hospital. His interest in the endocrine disorders was, perhaps, the reason behind the establishment of assisted conception Unit at SHL. Although a physician by training, his faculty members often call him a surgeon by temperament. Not surprisingly he invested disproportionately in surgical sector upgrading ENT, Urology, General surgery, Ophthalmology Department and operation theaters.
Early and personal life.
Born in a conservative family of Kashmiri origin, with ancestral base at Shopian. He was educated at different schools as his father, who was a civil servant, got posted to different places all over Punjab. In spite of achieving top merit in his FSc he opted to study at Nishtar Medical College to a great displeasure of his father. During his university time he was not one of the most regular students, but still managed to achieve top academic scores. Once asked latter in his life about his ambivalent attitude, He remarked, "They didn't cater for my needs". His education in the UK was marked by his training by his mentor. He often confessed to the great influence of his mentor, after whom he modeled himself. There he met his wife to be. 
He is an active writer of English short stories and philosophical essays.
Research Papers & Publications.
1. Glycaemic behavior of rice & wheat as a part of mixed Pakistani diet, Pakistan Journal of Medical Research, Vol. 28, No.1, Jan-March 1989
2. The Profile of patients with Ischaemic Heart Disease, Pakistan Journal of Medical Research, Vol. 29, No. 2, April–June 1990
3. Pheochromocytoma, Pakistan Journal of Medical Research, Vol. 26, No. 2, April–June 1987
4. Secondary Failure with sulphonylurias, Biomedica, Vol. 9, July- December 1990
5. Combination Treatment of Type II Diabetes, Biomedica, Vol. 10, Jan-June 1991
6. Comparison of metabolic control achieved with twice a day beef versus human Insulin in Pakistani population, Specialist, Vol. 8, No. 3, April–June 1992
7. Assessment of metabolic profile and Body Mass Index in Type II diabetes treated with Metformin and Insulin, Specialist, Vol. 9, No. 1, Oct-Dec 1992
8. Insulin Sparing Effect of gibenclamide in poorly controlled type ii diabetics and its effect on body mass index, Specialist:, Vol. 9, No. 2, Jan-March 1993
9. Cutting needle thyroid biopsy in the pre-operative evaluation of isotopically cold, solitary, solid thyroid nodule Specialist, Vol. 9, No. 3, April–June 1993
10. Serological markers of Hepatitis-C Virus infection in patients with Chronic Active Hepatitis, Pakistan Journal of Gastroentrology: Vol. 6. No. 1. 1992
11. Efficacy of alpha Interferon in the treatment of Hepatitis C positive Chronic Active Hepatitis (CAH), Pakistan Journal of Gastroentrology, Vol. 7. No. 1, 1993
12. Autonomic dysfunction of GI system in diabetic population, Pakistan Journal of Gastroentrology, Vol. 8. No. 1, 1994
13. Acanthosis Nigricans in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, Specialist:, Vol. 11, No. 3, April–June 1995
14. Insulin resistance and hyper-insulinaemia in patients with ischaemic heart disease, Specialist, Vol. 12, No. 3, April–June 1996
15. Review: Breaking insulin resistance with thiazolidinediones, Esculapio, Vol.1, No. 1. April–June 2005
16. Can vascular pathology in cerebral and coronary fields predict peripheral artery disease in a cohort of diabetic patients?, Esculapio, Vol.1, No. 2, July-Sep 2005
17. The effect of age and lipid profiles on peripheral vascular disease in a cohort of diabetic patients Esculapio, Vol.1, No. 3, Oct-Dec 2005
18. Anthropometric measurements as a determinant and predictor of peripheral vascular disease in a cohort of diabetic patients, Esculapio, Vol.1, No. 3, Oct-Dec 2005
19. Helicobacter pylori- role in decompensation of patients with HCV positive chronic liver disease, Esculapio, Vol.1, No. 3, Oct-Dec 2005
20. Role of clinical diagnosis to ascertain the type of stroke, Esculapio, Vol. 1, No. 4, Jan-March 2006
21. Vitamin D levels for optimum bone health, Singapore Med J, Vol. 48, No. 3, 2007
22. Topical therapy for neuropathic diabetic foot ulcers, Esculapio: Vol. 1, No.4. Jan-March 2006 

</doc>
<doc id="9809743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809743" title="GP Miguel Indurain">
GP Miguel Indurain

The Grand Prix Miguel Indurain () is a Spanish one-day road bicycle race. The race was inaugurated in 1951, but was limited to local competition. It was rebranded after the Spanish cyclist in 1998. In 2005, the race was upgraded to a 1.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. For 2007 and 2008 the race was further upgraded to a 1.HC event. These higher grades have attracted an increasingly competitive and international field of racers.
The race often loops through the city of Estella-Lizarra, in the Spanish region of Navarre. The modern race always includes several challenging climbs and thus tends to favor a fast all-rounder, rather than a climber or a pure sprinter.
Hortensio Vidaurreta, Miguel María Lasa and Juan Fernández share the record for most wins with three each.

</doc>
<doc id="9809750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809750" title="Robo One">
Robo One

Robo-One is a robot competition category of bipedal humanoid robots. The first ROBO-ONE contest was held in Japan in 2002 and consisted of an initial judged autonomous "Demonstration" stage, followed by one-on-one matches. In Japan, ROBO-ONE has spawned a whole series of related competitions including ROBO-ONE J, ROBO-ONE Special, ROBO-ONE Grand Prix, and the ROBO-ONE Technical Conference events. ROBO-ONE type contests have been held in several other countries including South Korea (official) and the United states (unofficial held by Robogames).
The robots are usually built with RC Servos as actuators and mounted together with sheet metal shapes. The most common frame material is aluminum. However, there have been entries constructed with steel, plastic, and even wood. Different sensors are used by the robot for balance and to perceive its surroundings. A small onboard micro controller or equivalent is used to control the robots movements and if the robot is autonomous it is also programmed to adjust the robots behavior in response to sensor inputs.
There have been fifteen competitions in Japan. ROBO-ONE 13 was held on March 22 and 23, at Korakuen Hall" in Takamatsu. ROBO-ONE 14 occurred on October 11–12, 2008. ROBO-ONE 14 took place in at the Pacifico Yokohama Exhibition Hall. ROBO-ONE 15 was held in Kawasaki on May 4, 2009. ROBO-ONE 16 was held in Toyama City, Toyama Prefecture, on September 26–27, 2009. The 17th ROBO-ONE tournament took place in Kawasaki on March 21, 2010. A ROBO-ONE Festival was held May 22 at the Kawasaki City Industrial Promotion Hall. The festival included both ROBO-ONE Soccer and ROBO-ONE Light events. The 18th ROBO-ONE event was held in Shibata, Niigata Prefecture on August 28–29, 2010. The ROBO-ONE 19 the competitions scheduled for March 19/20 in Kawasaki were canceled due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, and were held October 8–9, 2011.
Specifications.
Early ROBO-ONE specifications were deliberately minimal to encourage as much participation as possible. As the robots' performance has improved, the specifications have been tightened to keep the focus on 'humanoid robotics'. For example, the foot/sole size in relation to the robots overall size has been incrementally decreased for recent competitions.
With ROBO-ONE 11 (March 2007), the concept of weight classifications was introduced.
Rules.
Competition rules vary based on the specific event, and have evolved over time as the robots ability has improved. The ROBO-ONE committee publishes the official rules in Japanese for each competition roughly two months in advance.
ROBO-ONE type competitions in other countries typically follow the same general format and rules, but with modifications appropriate for the participants skill and ability levels.
Robo-One Kits.
Competition level ROBO-ONE entries are typically custom designs, but have often been based in part on commercially available kits.

</doc>
<doc id="9809755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809755" title="Domkat Bali">
Domkat Bali

General Domkat Bali is a retired four star General of the Nigerian Army, he was minister for defense and member of the Supreme Military Council of 1984-1985 and the Armed Forces Ruling Council of 1985-1990. Joined the Nigerian Army in 1961. Trained at RMA Sandhurst, England.
Domkat Bali was born in Langtang, Plateau State, he attended secondary school at Kuru, and took further military courses at Camberley, London. He is known as being amiable and friendly in disposition. He resigned from the army on January 10, 1990, after feeling demoted by President Babangida who took over his post as minister for defense.

</doc>
<doc id="9809778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809778" title="Ion Sân-Giorgiu">
Ion Sân-Giorgiu

Ion Sân-Giorgiu (also known as Sîn-Giorgiu, Sângiorgiu or Sîngiorgiu; 1893–1950) was a Romanian modernist poet, dramatist, essayist, literary and art critic, also known as a journalist, academic, and fascist politician. He was notably the author of works on the Sturm und Drang phenomenon and the influence of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. During his early years, he was influenced by Expressionism and contributed to the literary magazine "Gândirea"; he progressively moved towards support for the Iron Guard (the Legionary Movement), edited the far right journal "Chemarea Vremii", and spent his last years as a member of Horia Sima's government in exile.
Biography.
Born in Botoşani, Sân-Giorgiu was educated in Germany. He debuted as a traditionalist poet, affiliated with the group originally formed around "Sămănătorul" magazine. According to literary historian Eugen Lovinescu, he was, with Anastasie Mândru and George Vâlsan, one of the best-known "Sămănătorul" poets in the Regat regions. 
With time, Sân-Giorgiu moved towards modernist literature. In 1921, he contributed a serialized column on "Dramatic Expressionism" to "Adevărul Literar şi Artistic", later published as a single volume. Sân-Giorgiu's views on Expressionism and modernism, like those of "Gândirea" itself, oscillated: in early 1923, he commented negatively in regard to the tendencies of younger poets to "discard metaphors", but later authored reviews and essays welcoming the trend. At the time, Sân-Giorgiu notably contributed essays on the literature of Georg Kaiser and Walter Hasenclever to "Gândirea". His 1922 play "Masca" ("The Mask"), which followed Expressionist guidelines, was among the series of avant-garde productions staged by Victor Ion Popa during the interwar period.
During the early 1930s, he seconded Victor Eftimiu inside the Romanian PEN Club (of which he was General Secretary). A frequenter of Casa Capşa restaurant, Sân-Giorgiu was, according to the art collector Krikor Zambaccian, involved in a dispute with poet N. Davidescu which eventually turned violent. By that time, he was again discarding modernist approaches to literature, and returning to traditionalist techniques and subjects.
Initially, he was opposed to antisemitism, defining it as "an act of poverty of a failed intellectual or a cheap opportunity of self-assertion" and "a stupid ferment of anarchic agitation". Nevertheless, he changed his position, by rallying with the leading antisemitic and fascist camp. By 1938, Sân-Giorgiu expressed his support for Nazism and reportedly made a habit of wearing a Nazi-inspired swastika on his clothes, while maintaining close contacts with the authoritarian King Carol II. According to the marginalized Romanian Jewish author Mihail Sebastian, rumor had it that, in 1936, Sân-Giorgiu sought endorsement from Nazi Germany and competed for its attention with Nae Ionescu, a far right philosopher who had broken with Carol and supported the Iron Guard. The same account has it that Sân-Giorgiu and his journalist ally Pamfil Şeicaru managed to undermine Ionescu's standing, by presenting Nazi officials with proof that the philosopher had dealings with the prominent Jewish banker Aristide Blank. 
Sân-Giorgiu was a member of the fascist and antisemitic National Christian Party (PNC), which took power when Carol appointed its leader Octavian Goga as Premier. In 1938, after the PNC fell in disfavor with the monarch, Ion Sân-Giorgiu rallied with the latter's National Renaissance Front, becoming its official journalist. Goga's dismissal caught Ion Sân-Giorgiu on a theatrical tour of Germany. Sebastian, who conversed with him right after, mentions him being "unrecognizable", and records his claims that the PNC was responsible for a series of mistakes, and notes that Sân-Giorgiu took no apparent displeasure in talking to a Jew, being "friendly and communicative". Also according to Sebastian, Sân-Giorgiu claimed to have registered major successes in Germany, having stated: "Not even Ibsen had such a triumph; not one unfavorable review." 
In November 1940, after the Iron Guard established its National Legionary State government, Sân-Giorgiu threw his support behind the latter, while expressing his new thoughts on the Romanian Jewish community and racial policies in a column for "Chemarea Vremii": 
"Legionary Romania has solved the Jewish Question. That which the Oct. Goga-presided government has only attempted, the Legion has managed to achieve in less than three months. The Jews have been removed not just from the state apparatus, but also from the industry commerce, where cooperative and neat Legionary organizations are striving and succeeding in taking their place. [... We have a duty to pose overtly and without delay the problem of liquidating this miserable ghetto that is currently forming itself. It is time to ask: What do we do with them? Because to leave them free to multiply like rabbits, to consume our goods, to hate us and produce nothing in return, that cannot be. In Legionary Romania there is no room for drones. [...] It would serve Jews to know that we are not the passive bearers of a social rot, but the national surgeons of a national cancer. Hence I ask our own: what do we do with them? And I ask the Jews to reply honestly: what do you do?"
During the same year, Sân-Giorgiu's newspaper published influential essays by Mihail Manoilescu, who advocated corporatism and called for its implementation in the National Legionary State. Having survived the violent clash between the Iron Guard and their nominal partner, "Conducător" Ion Antonescu (events known as the Legionary Rebellion), he left Romania after Antonescu's regime and Romania's alliance to the Axis Powers crumbled in autumn 1944 ("see Soviet occupation of Romania"). He joined Sima's Vienna-based Legionary cabinet, holding a nominal office as Minister of Education. The justice system in Communist Romania tried him "in absentia", and sentenced him to death. The writer died in exile.
Sân-Giorgiu's daughter, Ioana, stayed behind in Romania. She later married Vintilă Corbul, a genre fiction author, screenwriter and former lawyer, who had faced political persecution in the 1950s. Ioana Sân-Giorgiu died of cancer in 1969; ten years later, Corbul defected and restarted his writing career in France (where he died in 2008).
Work.
Sân-Giorgiu's early "Sămănătorist" works, influenced by Panait Cerna and Mihai Eminescu, were though by Lovinescu to be "lacking in originality". As he gradually moved towards modernism, Lovinescu notes, the poet displayed "abuse of imagery", "the perkiness of free forms", "egocentrism" and "tumultuous sensualism."
The earliest of his plays were characterized by Lovinescu as "Expressionist travesties, which do away with observation and even with talent, being content with ideas and theories". "Masca" showed the interactions between three amorous couples, all of whom are masked. One of the pairs, a female billionaire and her male artist lover, find themselves on the verge of an existential crisis as their masks are removed, and is on the verge of splitting up. According to Lovinescu: "It's fortunate that the author-theorist would intervene to put masks up again, thus enabling them to go on lying to one another." In the 1925 drama "Femeia cu două suflete" ("The Woman with Two Souls"), Expressionism is toned down, but still present, particularly in the author's refusal to specify the setting and the characters' background—in reference to this aspect, Lovinescu writes: "Nothing it is [...] seen, individualized, localized; everything is reduced to a possible subject." The plot deals with a forceful "ménage à trois" situation: the female singer Mona, obsessively loved by the sculptor Dionis, accepts the advances of Fink, a theater manager, and, overwhelmed by shame, decides to kill herself.
By 1926, having discarded Expressionism and returned to a traditional style, Sân-Giorgiu wrote a series of satirical plays, among which was "Banchetul" ("The Banquet"). Lovinescu notes that they owed inspiration to 19th century author Ion Luca Caragiale. 

</doc>
<doc id="9809805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809805" title="Juuso Pykälistö">
Juuso Pykälistö

Juuso Pykälistö (born 21 May 1975 in Padasjoki) is a Finnish rally driver. He has driven in the World Rally Championship with Citroën and Peugeot. Pykälistö has won the Arctic Rally twice.

</doc>
<doc id="9809806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809806" title="Daniel Boemle">
Daniel Boemle

Daniel Christian Manuel Boemle, Dänu Boemle, "Sleepy Dan", "Öml" (November 7, 1960 in Bern – February 21, 2007 in Les Ponts-de-Martel) was a well-known Swiss radio DJ. He presented various shows on DRS3 between 1988 and 1994. He was also a singer, author, culture critic, and painter.
Life.
From his early childhood onwards Boemle was considered a talented painter. By the age of 22, he owned his first studio in an old farmhouse near Bern. During this period, Boemle's artistic mentor was Werner Schwarz, who had made a name for himself by creating church windows made of old glass bottles.
In 1988 Boemle successfully applied for a job with DRS 3. During his active years as a radio DJ, he was one of the most influential and acclaimed Swiss radio DJs. Like Reeto von Gunten and François Mürner, he is considered to be one of the legendary voices of DRS 3. He resigned from DRS 3 in 1994 in order to return to painting. 
In his spare time Boemle was a resident DJ at various clubs around Basel, where – according to himself – people appreciated the Funk and Jazz he played. 
Boemle had been suffering from AIDS for many years. He eventually decided to end his life with the help of a euthanasia organisation in February 2007.
He is buried in Les Ponts-de-Martel in the Jura of Neuenburg, where he had lived since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9809813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809813" title="Delaware Valley Radio Association">
Delaware Valley Radio Association

The Delaware Valley Radio Association (DVRA) is a historic amateur radio organization. The Delaware Valley Radio Association is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization devoted to the promotion and preservation of the amateur radio hobby. The club is composed of amateur radio operators and their families. The DVRA is a Special Service Club, a distinction awarded by the American Radio Relay League (ARRL), which is the national association for amateur radio.
With over a hundred active members and a fully equipped radio station, the Delaware Valley Radio Association is one of the nation’s oldest radio clubs, having been founded in 1930. Persons interested in learning more about Amateur Radio are encouraged to explore the club’s website or attend any regular meeting of the club. The DVRA meets the second Wednesday of each month at 7:30 PM at Our Lady of Good Counsel Church, 137 West Upper Ferry Road, West Trenton, NJ. The church is located one-quarter mile west of the intersection of routes 634 and 579, and is just south of Trenton-Mercer Airport.
Operating as W2ZQ, it was originally licensed as W3AQ prior to the realignment of FCC callsign districts after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9809844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809844" title="The Man That Was Used Up">
The Man That Was Used Up

"The Man That Was Used Up," sometimes subtitled "A Tale of the Late Bugaboo and Kickapoo Campaign," is a short story and satire by Edgar Allan Poe. It was first published in 1839 in "Burton's Gentleman's Magazine".
The story follows an unnamed narrator who seeks out the famous war hero John A. B. C. Smith. He becomes suspicious that Smith has some deep secret when others refuse to describe him, instead remarking only on the latest advancements in technology. When he finally meets Smith, the man must first be assembled piece by piece. It is likely that in this satire Poe is actually referring to General Winfield Scott, veteran of the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, and the American Civil War. Additionally, some scholars suggest that Poe is questioning the strong male identity as well as how humanity falls as machines become more advanced.
Plot summary.
An unnamed narrator meets the famous Brevet Brigadier General John A. B. C. Smith, "one of the most remarkable men of the age." Smith is an impressive physical specimen at six feet tall with flowing black hair, "large and lustrous" eyes, powerful-looking shoulders, and other essentially perfect attributes. He is also known for his great speaking ability, often boasting of his triumphs and about the advancements of the age.
The narrator wants to learn more about this heroic man. He finds that people do not seem to want to speak about the General when asked, only commenting on achievements of the "wonderfully inventive age." The narrator begins to believe there is some concealed secret he must uncover.
When he visits the General's home, he sees nothing but a strange bundle of items on the floor. The bundle, however, begins to speak. It is the General himself, and his servant begins to "assemble" him, piece by piece. Limbs are screwed on, a wig, glass eye, and false teeth, and a tongue, until the man himself stands "whole." The General has lost more than battles, it seems: he was captured and severely mutilated by Native American warriors and now much of his body is composed of prostheses, which must be put in or on every morning and without which he cannot appear in public. The narrator now understands the General's secret - he "was "the man that was used up"."
Publication history.
The story was first published in "Burton's Gentleman's Magazine" in August 1839 and collected in Poe's 1840 anthology "Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque". In 1843, Poe had the idea to print a series of pamphlets with his stories, though he printed only one: "The Man That Was Used Up" paired with "The Murders in the Rue Morgue." It sold for 12 and a half cents.
Analysis.
Critics have identified John A. B. C. Smith as representing General Winfield Scott, one of the longest-serving generals in American history who had commanded forces in the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, and the American Civil War. Scott was actually a close relative of the second wife of Poe's foster father John Allan. Scott had been injured in the Seminole and Creek Indian removal campaigns and would later run for President of the United States as a Whig candidate. Scott also served in the Black Hawk War, in which a number of Kickapoo Indians participated. At the time Poe wrote the tale in 1839, Scott was already considered a possible Whig candidate for the presidency, though he would lose the election in 1852. Alternatively, it has been suggested that Poe may have been referring to Richard Mentor Johnson, Vice President of the United States under Martin Van Buren.
According to scholar Leland S. Person, Poe is using the story as a critique of male military identity, which he knew well from his own military career and his studies at the United States Military Academy at West Point. It is a literal deconstruction of the identity of a military model of manhood that was given status after Indian removal campaigns of the 1830s. The story seems to suggest that the war hero has nothing left but the injuries he has received in battle to make up his identity. According to Shawn James Rosenheim, Poe also is questioning technology, suggesting that it will soon be difficult to distinguish man from machine. The story also has minor critiques of racism; the war hero was taken apart by Indians but is put together with his "old negro valet" named Pompey (a name Poe also uses in "A Predicament"), arguably undermining the power of white male dominance. Poe may also have been reacting to the popular "subversive" humor of the day, exaggerating the technique to the point of being inane.
The opening epigraph to the story is from "Le Cid" by Pierre Corneille and translates to: 
The story bears a resemblance to "A Beautiful Young Nymph Going to Bed," a satiric poem by Jonathan Swift from 1731. Both works depict grotesquely artificial bodies: Swift's poem features a young woman preparing for bed by deconstructing, while Poe's story features an old man reconstructing himself to begin his day.

</doc>
<doc id="9809857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809857" title="List of Metropolitan Statistical Areas">
List of Metropolitan Statistical Areas

The United States Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has defined 381 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) for the United States and seven for Puerto Rico. The OMB defines a Metropolitan Statistical Area as one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 50,000 population, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties.
__TOC__
United States.
The following lists the 381 Metropolitan Statistical Areas(MSAs) of the United States with the following information:
Puerto Rico.
The following lists the seven Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) of Puerto Rico with the following information:

</doc>
<doc id="9809859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809859" title="WTMD">
WTMD

WTMD is a radio station licensed to and located at Towson University in Towson, Maryland. It is one of only a few locally-owned radio stations in Towson and Baltimore. WTMD has one of the largest listening audiences of any public radio station in Maryland.
Format.
The station plays a mix of indie rock, rock, folk and alternative country. WTMD prides itself on playing new and significant music. Many of the artists that WTMD plays are not played on commercial radio stations.
WTMD is a strong supporter of the Baltimore/Washington local music scene. WTMD broadcasts the program "Baltimore Unsigned". This hour long program airs on Tuesday nights at 9:00 PM and includes only local music. Each week, a band or singer interviewed and plays live. The show is hosted by Sam Sessa who also writes for the Baltimore Sun.
First Thursday Concerts in the Park.
WTMD produces First Thursday Concerts in the Park, a series of six free after work shows at West Mount Vernon Park in downtown Baltimore, and starting in 2014, Canton Waterfront Park Artists like The Damnwells, Joan Osborne, Los Lonely Boys, LP, Steve Forbert, The Colour, The Young Dubliners and others have performed, attracting crowds of about 3,000.
The 2013 calendar includes performances by artists The Lone Below, Alpha Rev, The Wild Feathers, and the Kopecky Family Band. As of 2013, First Thursday attendance has dramatically increased, doubling from previous years to draw 6,000 to 7,000 attendees.
The 2014 calendar includes artists such as Joan Osborne, Joseph Arthur, Marah, Los Lonely Boys, Spanish Gold, LP, Grizfolk, Strand of Oaks, Lydia Loveless, Moon Taxi, The Whigs, JD McPherson, The Hold Steady, Hamilton Leithauser, and Among Wolves.[http://wtmd.org/radio/first-thursday-concerts-in-the-park/] 
Relationship with Washington.
WTMD partnered with WAMU in Washington, D.C. whereby WAMU rebroadcasts WTMD on their HD Radio Channel 2. This brought back independent music radio to Washington for the first time, since WHFS was sold to CBS Radio. In fact, this partnership was recognized and praised by Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Commissioner McDowell in his remarks when the Commission voted to make HD multicasting permanent.
WTMD had also been transmitting via a low power signal from the suburb of Great Falls, Virginia on 105.5 FM. However, the operator of this transmitter replaced WTMD's audio feed with WAMU's "Bluegrass/Country" format on October 10, 2008. The FCC granted this requested change, along with a power increase from 38 to 250 watts. FM translator stations are rarely granted the right to transmit using power this high. Such exceptions are usually reserved for FM stations that are not reaching fringe areas. The introduction of this new signal now gives WAMU two separate stations with extensive reach in the Washington, DC area, and decreases the reach of WTMD.

</doc>
<doc id="9809877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809877" title="Oglala Lakota">
Oglala Lakota

The Oglala Lakota or Oglala Sioux (pronounced , meaning "to scatter one's own" in Lakota language) are one of the seven subtribes of the Lakota people, who along with the Nakota and Dakota, make up the Great Sioux Nation. A majority of the Oglala live on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota, the eighth-largest Native American reservation in the United States. The Oglala are a federally recognized tribe whose official title is the Oglala Sioux Tribe (previously called the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation, South Dakota). Of note, however, some Oglala reject the term "Sioux" because it was a name give to them by the Crow. The term means "snake" and, as such, is seen as a slur.
History.
The Oglala Lakota, along with the six other groups of Lakota, had separated from each other by the early 19th century. By 1830, the Oglala had around 3,000 members. In the 1820s and 1830s, the Oglala, along with the Brulé, another Lakota band, and three other Sioux bands, formed the Sioux Alliance. This Alliance attacked surrounding tribes for territorial and hunting reasons.
Gender roles.
Typically, in the Oglala Lakota society, the men are in charge of the politics of the tribe. The men were usually the chiefs for political affairs, war leaders and warriors, and hunters. Women are and always have been highly regarded and respected in the tribe. The Lakota are matrilineal and children belong to the mother's clan. Chiefs were selected based on the mother's clan. Women controlled the food, resources and movable property. When a man married, he went to live with his wife with her people. They could support her in childbearing and rearing and, if the couple separated, she would not be away from her people. This also helped control the men's behavior toward women. The women elders of the clan were highly respected and had to approve the selection of chiefs of the clans. If they withdrew their support, a man could not continue as chief. Both genders were equal in decisions and power. There is also another significant people in this tribe called Winkte or in English "Two Spirit." They are biological males that assume a non-male specific identity. Two Spirit people of the Oglala Lakota Society usually held a sacred and important role in the tribe. They often were healers healing both Natives and White soldiers and settlers. Their roles included naming the babies in naming ceremonies and performing healing through praying and cleansing ceremonies. In the late 1900s their roles changed from conducting sacred ceremonies to teaching the children and doing a variety of other important responsibilities. The two spirit's mission then and now is to keep the sacred fire going and protect all people in many significant ways.
Traditional culture.
Family is of utmost importance to the Oglala Lakota, with loyalty to the tribe coming in close second. Each family had one or more tipi households. The women were critical to the family's life: they made almost everything the family and tribe used. They cultivated and processed a variety of crops; prepared the food; prepared game and fish caught by the men; worked skins to make clothing and footwear, as well as storage bags, the covering of tipis, and other items.
Beyond the family was the clan. Inheritance of clan chief positions and the composition of the clans was matrilineal: only the males born to the clan could be life chiefs of it. Within the clan, relatives whom Europeans and Americans would call cousins were considered, and identified by titles, equivalent to brothers and sisters. Because of the importance of the clan, a boy's maternal uncle, rather than his father, would often be the most influential male figure in his life. The uncle would integrate the boy into the clan's male society.
Bands.
Each of the twenty tribes were subdivided into bands ("tiyośpaye"), which consisted of a number of smaller family camps ("tiwahe"). During parts of the year, the small camps were scattered across the region; at other times, these camps gathered together as a "tiyośpaye" to cooperate on activities such as a large buffalo hunt. Each summer, usually in early June, bands from many groups gathered together for the annual sacred Sun Dance.
Writing in 1875, Dr. John J. Saville, the US Indian agent at the Red Cloud Agency, noted that the Oglala tribe was divided into three main bands: the "Kiyuksa," the "Oyuĥpe" and the head band or True Oglala. "Each of these bands are subdivided into smaller parties, variously named, usually designated by the name of their chief or leader."
In the years immediately following the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868, these bands became increasingly polarized as they and their leaders struggled with decisions relating to the continued American encroachment on their territory. Some bands chose to come in to the Indian agencies (forerunner to the reservations), where they received beef and other rations from the U.S. government. Other bands decided to remain out, attempting to continue the traditional lifeways for as long as possible. Many bands moved between these two extremes, coming in to the agencies during the winter and joining their relatives in the north each spring. These challenges further split the various Oglala bands.
Just prior to confinement on the reservations, the Oglala bands included:
Oyuȟpe Tiyošpaye
Oglala Tiyośpaye
Kiyaksa Tiyošpaye
On the reservation.
After being moved several times during the 1870s after the Great Sioux Reservation was broken up into five portions, the Red Cloud Agency was relocated in 1878 and renamed the Pine Ridge Reservation. By 1890, the reservation included 5,537 people, divided into a number of districts that include some 30 distinct communities.
The Rosebud Indian Reservation, to the east in South Dakota, also has residents who are enrolled Oglala Lakota members, but its population is composed primarily of Sicangu Oyate, or Brulé Sioux.
Oglala Lakota Wild Westers and the Carlisle Indian Industrial School.
Wild Westing and the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, were portals to education, opportunity and hope, and came at a time when the Lakota people were depressed, impoverished, harassed and confined. Most Wild Westers were Oglala Lakota from Pine Ridge, South Dakota, the first Lakota people to go Wild Westing. Known as “Show Indians”, Oglala Wild Westers referred to themselves as "Oskate Wicasa" or "Show Man", a title of great honor and respect. On March 31, 1887, Chief Blue Horse, Chief American Horse and Chief Red Shirt and their families boarded the "S.S. State of Nebraska" in New York City, led a journey for the Lakota people when they crossed the sea to England on Buffalo Bill’s first international to perform at the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria and tour through Birmingham, Salford and London over a five–month period. The entourage consisted of 97 Indians, 18 buffaloes, 2 deer, 10 elk, 10 mules, 5 Texas steers, 4 donkeys, and 108 horses. Since 1887, Wild Westing has been family tradition with several hundred Pine Ridge families. Between 1906 and 1915, 570 individuals from Pine Ridge went Wild Westing with Buffalo Bill and other shows. Often entire families worked together, and the tradition of the Wild Wester community is not unlike the tradition of circus families and communities. Frank C. Goings, the recruiting agent for Buffalo Bill and other Wild West shows at Pine Ridge, was a Carlisle Wild Wester with experience as a performer, interpreter and chaperon. Goings carefully chose the famous chiefs, the best dancers, the best singers, and the best riders; screened for performers willing to be away from home for extended periods of time and coordinated travel, room and board. He travelled with his wife and children, and for many years toured Europe and the United States with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West, Miller Brothers 101 Ranch Real West and the Sells Floto Circus. 
Many Oglala Lakota Wild Westers from Pine Ridge, South Dakota, attended the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Carlisle was a unique school, and is considered by some Native Americans like going to Yale, Princeton or Cambridge. Carlisle Wild Westers were attracted by the adventure, pay and opportunity and were hired as performers, chaperons, interpreters and recruiters. Wild Westers from Pine Ridge enrolled their children at the Carlisle Indian Industrial School from its beginning in 1879 until its closure in 1918. In 1879, Oglala Lakota leaders Chief Blue Horse, Chief American Horse and Chief Red Shirt enrolled their children in the first class at Carlisle. They wanted their children to learn English, trade skills and white customs. "Those first Sioux children who came to Carlisle could not have been happy there. But it was their only chance for a future." Luther Standing Bear was taught to be brave and unafraid to die, and left the reservation to attend Carlisle and do some brave deed to bring honor to his family. Standing Bear’s father celebrated his son’s brave act by inviting his friends to a gathering and gave away seven horses and all the goods in his dry goods store.
Oglala flag.
First used in 1961, this flag was approved by the Oglala Sioux Triba OST Council on March 9, 1962 as the flag of the Oglala Sioux Tribe (OST).
The circle of eight teepees on the flag represent the nine districts of the reservation: Porcupine, "Wakpamni", Medicine Root, Pass Creek, Eagle Nest, White Clay, LaCreek, Wounded Knee, and Pine Ridge. The red field represents the blood shed by the tribe in defense of their lands and an allegorical reference to the term "red man," by which they were referred to by European Americans. The blue represents the sky, as seen in all four cardinal directions during the worship of the Great Spirit, and the elements. It also represents the Lakota spiritual concept of heaven or “the happy hunting ground" to which departed tribal members go.

</doc>
<doc id="9809889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809889" title="Frans de Kok">
Frans de Kok

Frans de Kok (18 January 1924 – May 4, 2011) taught himself to play the piano, the accordion and the bass. In the 1940s and 1950s he played and arranged music for the Joe Andy Orchestra, which toured the Netherlands, West Germany and Switzerland with considerable success. From 1957 onwards he worked in various capacities for Dutch television. In 1962, he was asked by TV host and singer Rudi Carrell to accompany his shows with a big orchestra. In the years after, De Kok wrote the arrangements for Carrell's shows and many more TV programmes. Moreover, he worked with a couple of famous Dutch artists in the recording studio, amongst others Boudewijn de Groot. In 1969 he stepped in for Dolf van der Linden, when the latter refused to go to Spain to conduct the orchestra for the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest. De Kok thus helped Lenny Kuhr winning the contest with her song "De troubadour".
Around the same time, De Kok decided to withdraw from his broadcasting work. He set up a business of record stores in the Netherlands. Later he specialized in computer software. Frans de Kok died in Belgium on Wednesday May 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9809895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809895" title="Declaration of mailing">
Declaration of mailing

A declaration of mailing is a legal form verifying that a document has been sent via mail to a third party, usually required to be sent with documents as proof to a judge or clerk that a set of documents has been mailed. This may be to an individual or group, or attorneys relating to a particular issue. It requires that legally once signed a document has been sent; and if broken the sending party may be liable to charges of perjury or contempt of court.
The document is usually a short form with the following indicated information:

</doc>
<doc id="9809908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809908" title="State University of New York Press">
State University of New York Press

The State University of New York Press (or SUNY Press), is a university press and a Center for Scholarly Communication. The Press is part of the State University of New York system and is located in Albany, New York.
History.
SUNY Press was founded in 1966 in order to support the State University of New York’s commitments to teaching, research, and public service. Historically, the Press publishes scholarly works that further academic research in a variety of fields.
Current status.
The Press publishes around 160-180 books per year, making it one of the larger university presses by output. The Press utilizes the latest advances in digital communication to offer a range of print and electronic publications to fulfill the evolving needs of scholars, students, authors, and readers.
Excelsior Editions.
In 2008 the Press started a trade imprint called Excelsior Editions. This imprint publishes popular works for all readers and also showcases the diversity of the peoples, histories, and natural beauty of New York and the surrounding regions.

</doc>
<doc id="9809918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809918" title="Terry Johnson (dramatist)">
Terry Johnson (dramatist)

Terry Johnson (born 20 December 1955) is a British dramatist and director working for stage, television and film. Educated at Birmingham University, he worked as an actor from 1971 to 1975, and has been active as a playwright since the early 1980s.
Johnson's stage work has been produced around the world. He has won nine British Theatre awards including the Olivier Award for Best Comedy 1994 and 1999, Playwright of the Year 1995, Critics' Circle Theatre Awards for Best New Play 1995, two Evening Standard Theatre Awards, the Writers Guild Award for Best Play 1995 and 1996, the Meyer-Whitworth Award 1993 and the John Whiting Award 1991.
He has had many West End productions as director and/or writer including: "
One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest", "Hitchcock Blonde", "Entertaining Mr Sloane", The Graduate, "Dead Funny", "Hysteria", "Elton John's Glasses" and "The Memory of Water". At the Royal Court Theatre he directed "Dumb Show" by Joe Penhall and opened his play "Piano/Forte". Johnson won the 2010 Tony Award for Best Director of a Musical for "La Cage aux Folles".
He has worked with Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre, directing John Malkovich in "The Libertine" (nominated for five Joseph Jefferson Awards including Best Production) and "Lost Land", both plays by Stephen Jeffreys.
He has written and directed television drama that has been broadcast worldwide, most recently "Not Only But Always" for Channel 4, which won five International Award nominations, Best Film at Banff, and a BAFTA for Rhys Ifans.
The film version of his play "Insignificance" (directed by Nicolas Roeg) was the official British Entry at Cannes Film Festival in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9809926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809926" title="Ferret Data Visualization and Analysis">
Ferret Data Visualization and Analysis

Ferret is an interactive computer visualization and analysis environment designed to meet the needs of oceanographers and meteorologists analyzing large and complex gridded data sets. Ferret offers a Mathematica-like approach to analysis; new variables may be defined interactively as mathematical expressions involving data set variables. Calculations may be applied over arbitrarily shaped regions. Fully documented graphics are produced with a single command. It runs on most Unix and Linux systems using X Window for display, and on Windows XP/NT/9x.

</doc>
<doc id="9809931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809931" title="David C. Rapoport">
David C. Rapoport

David Charles Rapoport (born January 7, 1929) is UCLA Professor Emeritus of Political Science, and an expert in terrorism. He is the editor of the scholarly journal "Terrorism and Political Violence".

</doc>
<doc id="9809937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809937" title="Léon Delagrange">
Léon Delagrange

Ferdinand Léon Delagrange (13 March 1873 – 4 January 1910) was a French aviator and sculptor.
Biography.
He was born in Orléans and studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts under Louis Barrias and Charles Vital-Cornu. He was a member of the Salon des Artistes Français and received a commendation in 1901. In 1907 he was one of the first people to order an aircraft from Gabriel Voisin. The aircraft was the first example of what was to become one of the most successful early French aircraft, the Voisin 1907 biplane. On 7 January 1909 he was awarded one of the first eight aviators certificates awarded by the Aéro-Club de France. In September, 1908, he established a record of 15.2 miles in 29 minutes, 53 seconds, and in 1909 he received the Lagatiner prize at Juvisy (3.6 miles in 10 minutes, 18 seconds), made a sensational flight in a storm at Doncaster, England, on 17 October established a world record (6 miles in 7 minutes, 36 seconds), and in December set a new monoplane record. On 4 January 1910 he was killed when one wing of his Blériot XI monoplane failed at Croix d'Hins near Bordeaux. He was president of the Aéro-Club de France in 1908, and in 1909 was decorated with the order of the Legion of Honor, and in 1910 received a medal from the Paris Academy of Sciences. 

</doc>
<doc id="9809944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809944" title="Libby Komaiko">
Libby Komaiko

Dame Libby Komaiko began her career at Northeastern Illinois University in 1974. She is a professor of dance in the Department of Music and the Dance Program. She is the Founder/Artistic Director of the Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater, the in-residence dance company at Northeastern Illinois University. 
The Ensemble now celebrates their 25th Anniversary season. She was instrumental in developing the Dance Program, which now offers a Minor in Dance emphasizing contemporary and Spanish dance forms. This thirty (30) hour minor, also incorporates classical ballet, tap, jazz and ethnic forms along with dance composition, dance management, dance productions, various dance performance seminars and field experience courses. 
As the senior member of the dance program, Komaiko heads the Spanish Dance division developing and training dancers from beginning through professional levels as dancers, teachers and choreographers. She presents the annual American Spanish Dance Festival, a two-week intensive course which culminates with Gala Public Performances. 
Honours.
Libby Komaiko is the first United States artist to be decorated with the She was also named a Dame Commander of the Order of Isabella the Catholic by Juan Carlos I, King of Spain in 1983. Accordingly she may be styled as Dame Libby Komaiko in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9809953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809953" title="Stanislaus Vincent Bona">
Stanislaus Vincent Bona

Stanislaus Vincent Bona (October 1, 1888 – December 1, 1967) was an American clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Grand Island (1932–1944) and Bishop of Green Bay (1945–1967).
Biography.
Stanislaus Bona was born in Chicago, Illinois, to John and Catherine (née Smigiel) Bona, who had immigrated to the United States from Poland in 1881. He attended St. Stanislaus College in Chicago, from where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1905. He continued his studies at the Pontifical North American College in Rome, there earning a Doctor of Divinity and Licentiate of Canon Law. He was ordained to the priesthood on November 1, 1912.
He then served as a curate at St. Barbara Church in Chicago until 1916, when he became resident chaplain at the House of Correction. He was later a professor at Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary (1918–1922) and pastor of St. Casimir Church (1922–1931). He was named a Monsignor in 1931 and was a member of the Board of Delegates for Religious Communities of Women.
On December 18, 1931, Bona was appointed the second Bishop of Grand Island, Nebraska, by Pope Pius XI. He received his episcopal consecration on February 25, 1932 from Cardinal George Mundelein, with Bishops Paul Peter Rhode and Francis Martin Kelly serving as co-consecrators, at Holy Name Cathedral. He guided the diocese through the troubling times of the Great Depression and World War II. During the war, he ministered to German and Italian prisoners of war kept in camps in the diocese.
On December 2, 1944, Bona was named Coadjutor Bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay, Wisconsin, and Titular Bishop of "Mela" by Pope Pius XII. He succeeded Bishop Paul Rhode as the seventh Bishop of Green Bay upon the latter's death on March 3, 1945. During his tenure in Green Bay, he founded sixty-seven grade schools, four high schools, Holy Family College, and Sacred Heart Seminary. He also established a diocesan newspaper and adjusted the social welfare program of Catholic Charities to meet new needs, including those of migrant workers. He attended all four sessions of the Second Vatican Council between 1962 and 1965.
Bona died at age 79.

</doc>
<doc id="9809960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9809960" title="London Buses route 607">
London Buses route 607

London Buses route 607 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Uxbridge station and White City bus station, it is operated by Metroline.
History.
Route 607 is one of the few limited-stop routes in London. It was established on 21 July 1990 as an express service for route 207 between Uxbridge station and Shepherd's Bush Green on Mondays to Saturdays.
Its number was "inherited" from the trolleybus route over the same roads, which operated from 15 November 1936 until 8 November 1960 when it was abolished as part of the London Trolleybus Withdrawal Programme and replaced by bus route 207. Today, the number is unusual in that the 600-699 range is usually reserved for school routes.
When the route was established, it was operated by MCW Metrobuses, out of Hanwell and Uxbridge garages, at the time a subsidiary of London Buses. The route initially used Wright Pathfinder bodied Dennis Darts. The Hanwell allocation was withdrawn in June 1991, and in November of that year the route was converted to single-deck operation using six Leyland Nationals and five Leyland Lynxes, all carrying "607 Express" route branding. The Lynxes came from the London Borough of Hillingdon, which had bought two new and acquired the other three from Merthyr Tydfil Transport, and so were not to London specification, lacking rear route number blinds - so the route number was painted above the rear window.
CentreWest was privatised in 1994, and converted the 607 back to double-deck operation in October 1996, with 15 Northern Counties Palatine II bodied Volvo Olympians with high-back coach-style seating and tinted glass windows, as well as a distinctive red and white livery. These were supplemented from May 2002 by five similar Olympians, displaced from route 61 at Orpington and repainted and reglazed accordingly, but retaining their low-back bus seats.
On 9 April 2005, the 207 was split, with the section between Hayes By-Pass and Shepherd's Bush gaining new articulated Mercedes-Benz Citaros. Plaxton President bodied Dennis Trident 2s displaced were duly transferred to route 607, replacing the Olympians. These do not carry route branding or a dedicated livery, but do carry white-on-blue number and destination blinds, a feature used throughout the 607's history to distinguish it from regular stopping services.
On 29 November 2008, the 607 was extended from Shepherd's Bush Green to the White City bus station to coincide with the opening of Westfield London. On 11 April 2010, A Sunday Service was introduced.
On 7 April 2012, route 607 was retained by First London with Wright Eclipse Gemini bodied Volvo B7TLs and Alexander Dennis Enviro400s. On 22 June 2013, route 607 was included in the sale of First London's Uxbridge garage to Metroline.

</doc>
<doc id="9810003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810003" title="ETV (Ethiopia)">
ETV (Ethiopia)

ETV (Ethiopian Television) is an Ethiopian government-owned television channel. It's the only one in Ethiopia due to the government ban of private media. Its programming includes news, sport, music and other entertainment. It airs in Amharic, Oromo, Somali, Tigrinya, Afar, Harari, as well as English.
ETV has entertainment programs like 'Ethiopian Idol,' which features similar content to that of American Program American Idol in addition to dancing competitions. In recent years ETV has transmitted a few matches per week from some European Football Leagues (2007 Spanish La Liga, 2008 English Premier League), plus some international matches. ETV transmits its programmes on 4 satellite stations.
History.
Ethiopian Television was established in 1964 with assistance from the British firm, Thomson. It was created to highlight the Organization of African Unity (OAU) meeting that took place in Addis Ababa that same year. Color television broadcast began in 1982 in commemoration of the founding of Workers' Party of Ethiopia (WPE). The current structure and goals of ETV were established 1987 with Proclamation 114/87.
Channels.
ETV has three regular channels broadcasting to Ethiopia:

</doc>
<doc id="9810009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810009" title="Dale (place name element)">
Dale (place name element)

A dale is a valley. It was commonly used in northern England and southern Scotland to denote an open valley, contrasted with a gill or narrow valley.
Places where dale is part of the name, but not the entire common name:
United Kingdom
United States
Australia
New Zealand
Canada

</doc>
<doc id="9810024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810024" title="Jon Paul Fiorentino">
Jon Paul Fiorentino

Jon Paul Fiorentino is a Canadian poet, novelist, short story writer, editor, and professor.
Fiorentino was born and raised in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, more specifically in Transcona area of Winnipeg. In his book of poems Resume Drowning, Fiorentino shared that since he resided in Transcona, Winnipeg, and Montreal, he considers all three of them home.
Fiorentino got inspired, discovered art, and became a writer in Winnipeg. In 1999, Fiorentino left Winnipeg to move to Montreal in order to pursue a life in writing.
Fiorentino currently teaches at Concordia University, is editor-in-chief of "Matrix magazine" and founded Snare Books (publishing), a Canadian publishing Company.
Education.
Fiorentino received his undergraduate degree in English Literature at the University of Winnipeg in 1998. He then moved to Montreal and went on for further studies at Concordia University where he received his Bachelor of Arts in English and Creative Writing(with Honours and Distinction) in 2000. He received his Master of Arts in English Literature and Creative Writing in 2003 at Concordia University.
Books.
Books of Poems.
Jon Paul Fiorentino has written a number of books of poems. His first book was Transcona Fragments which is a collection of poems published by Winnipeg: Cyclops Press/Signature Editions in 2002 and in the same year Fredericton: Broken Jaw Press also published his second book Resume Drowning, which like the first one, is also a collection of poems. Another book of poems entitled Hello Serotonin was published in 2004 by Toronto: Coach House Books. In 2006, Toronto: Coach House Books published The Theory of the Loser Class (books of poems). Fiorentino wrote two more books or collections of poems, both published by Toronto: Coach House Books, namely Indexical Elegies in 2010, and Needs Improvement, which is the most recent one, in 2013.
Novels, Fictions.
Fiorentino wrote Asthmatica, a short fiction, which was published by Toronto: Insomniac Press in 2005. Fiorentino also wrote Stripmalling, a novel, published by Toronto: ECW Press in 2009.
Short Stories.
In Fiorentino’s interview with The Toronto Quarterly on November 18 of 2013, Fiorentino explained that he has a book of short stories, entitled I'm Not Scared of You or Anything, which is set to be published on June 2014 from Anvil Press. Fiorentino also explained that this recent book of his will have illustrations by Maryanna Hardy.
Literary contributions.
"Post-prairie poet" is a termed coined by Jon Paul Fiorentino who, along with Robert Kroetsch, edited the collection Post-Prairie: An Anthology of New Poetry (2005). On Faustus Salvador’s interview with Jon Paul Fiorentino about Fiorentino’s book The Theory of the Loser Class, Salvador asks Fiorentino about the genesis of his book titles. Fiorentino explains, "I always come up with the titles first. It seems to me that more people pay attention to the title than to the actual writing. That may sound cynical, but titles are key to me. I collect the writing with the title and the mandate it suggests in mind." 
Articles.
Fiorentino published a number of articles on Huffington Post, National Post, and the Barnstormer. In June 19, 2012, he wrote and published the article “Waiting for Morris Lukowich” in The Barnstormer. Fiorentino has also written a couple of articles for the National Post. In June 19, 2013, Fiorentino wrote “The Rhetoric and Reality of Suicide”, and in December 4, 2013, he wrote “The Case for Fixed Book Pricing in Canada”.
Fiorentino contributed a number of articles in the Huffington Post. He wrote “You Don't Have to be Adam Lanza's Mother to Make a Statement” on December 18 of 2012. His article “Will More Male Athletes Come Out in 2013?” was published on December 26, 2012. On the following year, February 18 of 2013, he wrote the article “A Film Festival First For Montreal”. He wrote “Why Morrissey Still Matters” on March 7, 2013. Fiorentino also wrote “Sexism and Silence in the Literary Community” in May 1, 2013. During the summer of 2013, July 17, 2013, he wrote the article “The Case for the Head Case: If You Were the Class Daydreamer, You're Probably a Writer”.
Teaching career.
Jon Paul Fiorentino’s career was not only in writing and editing, but also in teaching. Fiorentino’s teaching career had been within Winnipeg and Montreal but mostly in Montreal. He was an Intermediate and Advanced Creative Writing Instructor at Winnipeg Writers’ Collective in January 2004. He also spent time at The University of Winnipeg where he was an Academic Writing (Multidisciplinary/Humanities) Instructor in from September 2003 to April 2004. 
Fiorentino is presently teaching at Concordia University in Montreal. He started his career at Concordia University in 2001 wherein he started as a Research Assistant in for Dr. Eve Saunders English Department from June 2001 to September 2001. Later on, he became a Teaching Assistant in the English Literature Survey (British Literature from the Restoration to the Georgian Period.) from September 2001 to April 2003. He became a Part Time Faculty Lecturer for English Composition Stage I in September 2002 to April 2003. From 2009 to 2010, he worked as a Part-Time Faculty for School of Extended Learning at Concordia University and taught the course Skills for Success in University. He was a Regular Faculty at the English Department for English Composition and Creative Writing from 2004 to 2009. Later on, Fiorentino became an Assistant Professor at the English Department for Creative Writing: Poetry, Prose and Screenwriting (from 2010 to 2012). Since 2012 up to today, he is a Professor and Regular Faculty in the English Department and teaches Creative Writing: Poetry, Prose and Screenwriting – English Composition.
"Stripmalling", transition from Novel to Screenplay.
Stripmalling is Fiorentino’s first novel published in 2009. It’s a semi-autobiographical and metafictional novel about an aspiring graphic novelist (named Jonny) who works at a gasoline station and his journey in writing his novel titled Stripmalling. The story is set in Transcona, Winnipeg. Jon Paul Fiorentino wrote the script with Katrina Best. The screenplay will be produced by Farpoint Films. Chris Charney of Farpoint films will be the executive producer of the Stripmalling. Farpoint Films is a local, Winnipeg-based company. Katrina Best (Fiorentino’s co-writer) is a Canadian-British screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="9810027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810027" title="Christopher Horner">
Christopher Horner

Christopher Horner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9810034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810034" title="XTSR">
XTSR

XTSR is a College radio station owned by Towson University and managed by the Department of Electronic Media & Film. Their Internet radio programming operates 24/7 with live student DJ shifts and a Broadcast automation system.
At the station, radio students learn first hand about the basics of running a radio station. The station's music library includes alternative rock, local and underground acts, and music from different cultures. They also have contacts with most major and independent music labels.
XTSR can be streamed through the website, www.xtsr.org, through iTunes under the College Radio tuner, or through the College Radio tuner App for the iPhone and iPod touch.
Students living on Towson University's campus can listen on channel 26 on the campus cable television network.

</doc>
<doc id="9810044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810044" title="Seah (unit)">
Seah (unit)

The "se'ah" () is a unit of dry measure of ancient origin used in Halakha (Jewish law), which equals one third of an "ephah", or "bath". Since the "bath" unit has been established to be 22 litres, 1 "se'ah" would equal 7.33 litres or 7.33dm3.

</doc>
<doc id="9810049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810049" title="Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame">
Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame

The Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame is a sports museum and hall of fame in New Castle, Indiana. It honors men and women associated with high school, college and professional basketball in Indiana.
The organization was founded in 1962 in Indianapolis, and opened in New Castle in June 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9810067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810067" title="Mahmud Tukur">
Mahmud Tukur

Mahmud Tukur is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Commerce and Industry during the administration of General Buhari. He was the first Vice Chancellor of Bayero University, Kano and also a former director of Cadbury Nigeria. Tukur's enviable position and competence displayed as the Vice Chancellor of Bayero University increased his public profile in Northern Nigeria. He became friends with contemporaries such as Mamman Daura, Adamu Ciroma, Hamza Rafindadi Zayyad to form a small clique of policy advocates in Northern Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9810089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810089" title="Voices of Omens">
Voices of Omens

Voices of Omens is the fourth full-length album release by Rwake. It is their first album released through Relapse Records. It has a total playing time of 59 minutes and 6 seconds.
Musical style.
The vocals are of a varied Death Metal style, varying from high shrieks to low growls and roars.
The music is monolithic, but is more fast-paced and up-tempo than Doom Metal.
The bass intertwines with the guitar, but is neither inaudible or emphasized.

</doc>
<doc id="9810095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810095" title="Convention of conservatism">
Convention of conservatism

The convention of conservatism, also known as the doctrine of prudence in accounting is a policy of anticipating possible future losses but not future gains. This policy tends to understate rather than overstate net assets and net income, and therefore lead companies to "play safe".
In accounting, it states that when choosing between two solutions, the one that will be least likely to overstate assets and income should be selected.
According to this concept "expected losses are losses but expected gains are not gains".
On the basis of this concept closing stock is valued at cost price or market price, whichever is lower.
Provision for bad and doubtful debts are maintained.

</doc>
<doc id="9810101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810101" title="It Doesn't Matter (album)">
It Doesn't Matter (album)

"It Doesn't Matter" is the debut album by the band The Underdog Project, released in Germany on November 20, 2000 (see 2000 in music) on Radikal Records. The album combines a variety of music styles like R&B, 2-step beats and reggae, there are also ballads and a cappella tracks included. The album received a lot of attention in Germany, it was later released in the United States on July 24, 2001. "It Doesn't Matter" released a total of three singles: "Summer Jam", "Tonight" and "I Can't Handle It"
Reception.
"It Doesn't Matter" debuted at number two on Germany album charts. It remained for several weeks but never reached the number one position. The album had most success in Germany and Australia.
"Summer Jam" was one of the most successful singles in the album. The track reached number three position on Germany Top 100 Singles Chart for the entire summer 2000. Then, the second single off the album, "Tonight", was not considered a hit, although it stayed for several weeks in the Germany Top 100 Singles Charts. On May 28, 2001, "I Can't Handle It", the third, and final single was released staying at the top of the charts in Germany.
Due to the success of the first singles, in the years 2003 and 2004 was released a remix of the album, including two new songs: "Saturday" and "Winter Jam"

</doc>
<doc id="9810106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810106" title="Milky Way (spread)">
Milky Way (spread)

Milky Way Chocolate Spread was a brand of spread.
It was distributed in the United States by Liberty Richter of Saddle Brook, New Jersey, but distributed internationally by Masterfoods Polska Sp. ZO,O, Kozuski Parcel, a division of Mars Incorporated.
Distinctions.
It had white stripes to complement the chocolate spread, and the jar was also decorated in the same style as European Milky Way bars. Also the spread lacked caramel, as do European Milky Ways.

</doc>
<doc id="9810112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810112" title="The Mirror of Simple Souls">
The Mirror of Simple Souls

The Mirror of Simple Souls is an early 14th-century work of Christian mysticism by Marguerite Porete dealing with the workings of Divine Love. 
Love in this book layeth to souls the touches of his divine works privily hid under dark speech, so that they should taste the deeper draughts of his love and drink. - "from 15th-century English translator's prologue."
Written originally in Old French at a time when Latin was the prescribed language for religious literature it explores in poetry and prose the seven stages of 'annihilation' the Soul goes through on its path to Oneness with God through Love. Enormously popular when written, it fell foul of the Church authorities, who, detecting elements of the antinomian Heresy of the Free Spirit in its vision, denounced it as 'full of errors and heresies', burnt existing copies, banned its circulation, tried and executed Porete herself. In spite of this the work was translated into several different languages around Europe, including English, albeit not with Porete's name attached. In fact it was not identified as being by Porete at all until 1946. Since then it has been seen increasingly as one of the seminal works of Medieval spiritual literature and Porete, alongside Mechthild of Magdeburg and Hadewijch, can be seen as an exemplar of the love mysticism of the Beguine movement.
20th Century rediscovery.
A 15th-century manuscript of an English translation by "M. N." of "The Mirror" was found by Mr. J. A. Herbert among a manuscript collection purchased for the British Library in 1911 and was shown to Evelyn Underhill. Other 15th-century copies were subsequently found in the Bodleian and the library of St. John's College, Cambridge, together with a Latin version made in the late 15th century by Richard Methley of Mount Grace, Yorkshire. A printed edition was edited by Clare Kirchberger, from those four manuscripts, and published by Burns Oates and Washbourne Ltd., publishers to the Holy See, in 1927, complete with Nihil Obstat and Imprimatur.
The translation by "M. N. " included a number of glosses by him, and divided the text into divisions and chapters. 
The French book that I shall write after is evil ["i.e. badly"] written and in some places for default of words and syllables the reason is away. Also, in translating French, some words need to be changed or it will fare ungoodly, not according to the sense. - "from translator's prologue"
For the 1927 edition, the mediæval text was used but with spellings updated, and occasional words replaced accompanied by footnotes with additional glosses.

</doc>
<doc id="9810122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810122" title="Bristol Draco">
Bristol Draco

The Bristol Draco was an air-cooled 9-cylinder radial engine from the British manufacturer Bristol Aeroplane Company. It was essentially a version of their famous Pegasus converted to use a fuel injection system.
The carburettor had only a simple butterfly valve, while two injection pumps supplied the cylinders with fuel, one handling four cylinders and the other, five. Injection was into the manifold before they split into the two intake valves for each cylinder. The engine was flight tested in a Westland Wapiti. Since the expenditure did not bring considerable improvements the development was stopped.

</doc>
<doc id="9810158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810158" title="Lipany (Cimrman)">
Lipany (Cimrman)

Lipany was the name of a fictional theatrical group, created by the fictional Czech playwright/inventor and overall "genius" Jára Cimrman. It received its name from the Battle at Lipany, where the Bohemians obtained a devastating defeat.
Personnel.
The ensemble was, on one hand, famous for not having many women, usually played by men,and not having many actors at all. At the height of its popularity, it had seven members.
The low number of actors did not permit the ensemble to do famous plays of other authors unabridged and so the libretto was many times altered to fit the ensemble's size("Alibaba and the 40 thieves" was abbreviated into "Loner Alibaba"). The most famous of such plays was Shakespeare's Hamlet "without Hamlet" in which actors would do a scene from Shakespeare, saying the original lines, however adding remarks and words to make the contents seem semi-sane and in co-ordination with the fact that Hamlet is missing thought the entire play.
The only better known actor was an actor named Kuk, who was always so consumed with his role that he continued to live it even after the curtain went down. For instance, he once played Maryša so ingeniously, that he even made the prompter Standa Křeček cry during the play. Yet even though the viewers applauded this absolute playing, the work of the theatre was often in jeopardy. For instance,after Maryša,no one from the ensemble would go and drink coffee with Kuk.
Kuk was seen to take on every characteristic of the character he was to play, including authentic depression and hysteria.
At another time,after playing Gogol's "The Inspector General", Kuk disappeared,and his colleagues re-united with him on a train, where he was checking their tickets (Note the Czech words for The Inspector General and a train inspector are the same, yet their meanings are entirely different).
The ensemble was plagued with small numbers of actors because many skilled authors left the ensemble very quickly. Therefore, a quick replacement was needed, and for these in-experienced actors Cimrman created the "decalogue for beginning actors",in which the reader was cautioned to forget that some doors are only painted and that all the food on feasts is rubber.
Talents.
The ensemble was infamous from several reasons, mainly because the plays were heavily disliked by people. In order to avoid returning the entrance fee, when they felt the public is not satisfied,they performed the universal scene "drift from the mountains" (vichr z hor) with featured a drift taking away houses and trees (the scenery being packed away) and commencing in a total blackout,in which the two speaking actors cold board the two prepared bicycles and leave to meet up with the rest of the fleeing ensemble .
Because of its famousness,the ensemble often changed its names, for instance to "Bílá Hora" or "Chlumec", again being names of famous defeats of the Czechs,and so could go to the same village more than once.
The stations were chosen to be at a greater distance from each other, in order to prevent the people from learning anything of the nature and quality of the play itself.
Demise.
The ensemble worked for many years until December 1912,the actors went to different villages to pose as Mikuláš's. Cimrman, however, forgot to name a rendezvous point, so the ensemble never met again after that date.

</doc>
<doc id="9810169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810169" title="Insomniac Press">
Insomniac Press

Insomniac Press is a Canadian independent book publisher. 
Founded in 1992 and based in London, Ontario, Insomniac began as a publisher of poetry chapbooks. The company has since evolved into a publisher of a wide variety of fiction, poetry and non-fiction work by emerging Canadian writers. Authors published by Insomniac have included Natalee Caple, Jon Paul Fiorentino, Jean Rae Baxter, Lynn Crosbie, Stephen Finucan, Sky Gilbert, Lynnette D'anna, Howard Hampton, R. M. Vaughan, Jane Rule, Anne Stone, Anthony Bidulka and A.F. Moritz.
The company has also published a number of books by musicians, including Matthew Good, Jann Arden, Terri Clark, Lillian Allen, Damhnait Doyle, Michelle Wright and Ra McGuire.
Insomniac Press was founded by Mike O'Connor, who is still the current publisher. Editorial staff for the press has changed over the last decade but has included several Canadian writers such as Paul Vermeersch, Stephen Cain, Emily Schultz, and Jon Paul Fiorentino.

</doc>
<doc id="9810170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810170" title="Grünsee (Pflersch)">
Grünsee (Pflersch)

The Grünsee () lies in the most western part of the Pflersch Valley (left side valley of the Eisack river below Brenner) above 1,680 Metres Sea Level. To get to the Lake, one has to go by car until „"Ochsen alpine hut"“ and then on foot straight ahead app. 11 km in western direction to the Lake. The road is not accessible in winter for cars.
As a typical mountain lake the water is very clean (A grade quality). It remains even in summer cold. The Lake was created as remnant, when the "Feuerstein Ferner" had drawn itself. It gives fishes as trouts and carps a protected, untouched living space. Fresh water is gained by rain or snow melting. Sometimes the water stains green due this and that is the reason of its name. The Lake drains subterraneously via the Fernerbach (= Pflerscher Bach/Main River of the valley) and belongs to its source area.

</doc>
<doc id="9810179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810179" title="List of Micropolitan Statistical Areas">
List of Micropolitan Statistical Areas

The United States Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has defined 536 Micropolitan Statistical Areas (μSAs) for the United States and five for Puerto Rico. The OMB defines a Micropolitan Statistical Area as one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 10,000 population but less than 50,000, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties.
__TOC__
United States.
The following lists the 536 Micropolitan Statistical Areas (μSAs) of the United States with the following information:
Puerto Rico.
The following lists the five Micropolitan Statistical Areas (μSAs) of Puerto Rico with the following information:

</doc>
<doc id="9810180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810180" title="St Teresa's School">
St Teresa's School

St Teresa's Effingham is a selective, independent boarding and day school for girls aged 2–18 in Effingham, Surrey, England, established in 1928. It is a member of the Girls' Schools Association. 
History.
In 1799, John Fuller built a mansion called Effingham Hill House on the site of another house which had been called Tibs, and this house now forms the centre of the senior school, and has been extended to provide modern facilities. In 1886 or somewhat later, Julius Caesar Czarnikow bought Effingham Hill House from Admiral Frederick Augustus Maxse, and owned it until he died in 1909. His daughter, Ada Louisa, sold it to Azalea Caroline Keyes, who in 1916 sold it to Robert Reitmeyer Calburn, who owned it until 1928. St Teresa's was founded in that house by the Religious Order of Christian Instruction (who also founded St Teresa's sister school Leweston School) in 1928 on what was originally part of a manor site recorded in the Domesday Book. The last headmistress nun retired in 1977. Since 2002, the school has been managed by a lay trust. Although there are no longer any religious sisters on staff (as of 2013-14 academic year), the school maintains its Catholic ethos and ties to the local parish, which is represented in the school's Board of Governors.
An all-weather pitch and new swimming pool complex were completed in 2000 and 2003 respectively and, in September 2005, music, drama and the arts benefited from a multi-million pound, 750-seat technologically equipped performing arts theatre hall, with new music and drama suites.
Curriculum.
St Teresa’s Prep School is a model teaching school, being studied as a resource for Kingston University for studies such as enhancing literacy and positive social interaction in the classroom. Through an extensive programme of professional development for staff, teachers are fully informed of cutting edge methodologies for full engagement and interaction. A Microsoft IT Academy accredited school, the school therefore teaches computer usage, as well as basic computer programming, from an early age to ensure that IT skills are so well known as to be routinely applied. Computer Programming is offered as an extra-curricular option in Years 4 and 5, and as part of the extended curriculum for Year 6 girls since 2013. The school's head announced a planned departure and a new head was recruited in September 2012, Mr M. Farmer.
Location.
St Teresa's has of grounds in a designated area of outstanding natural beauty amid the Surrey Hills AONB, in a multi-crested section of the escarpment of the North Downs. In 1953 a separate preparatory school was established at Grove House, in the village centre of Effingham about a mile away and has since relocated to the main school site. Almost all main villages of Surrey save the far south-west and east have pick-up stops for morning and afternoon school bus transport, main towns served being Leatherhead, Dorking, Woking, Weybridge and Guildford. The parallel lanes on which the school lies are not served by public transport, and for boarders the nearest railway station in a large village with taxi companies is Bookham, NNE.
Admissions.
Entry to St. Teresa's is selective, and is based on an entrance examination with papers in English, Maths, Science and Verbal Reasoning. This does not preclude many students with special educational needs, who receive support in the school to help them through their studies, social interaction and exams.
Assessment.
The school is among the approximately 50% of independent schools inspected by the ISI rather than Ofsted. Inspections are carried out under Section 162A(1)(b) of the Education Act 2002 as amended by the Education Act 2005 under which the Secretary of State accredits the ISI as a qualified inspectorate body.
In the latest inspection report (2010) the main findings stated:
At GCSE the school saw its worst results for more than four years in 2013, nonetheless 3.5% above the national benchmark.
Notable former pupils.
Past pupils are known as "STOGs" (St Teresa's Old Girls)
House System.
The students are allocated to four houses which are named after saints:

</doc>
<doc id="9810182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810182" title="Breaking All the Rules">
Breaking All the Rules

Breaking All the Rules may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9810190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810190" title="McCallum High School">
McCallum High School

A. N. McCallum High School is a public high school in Austin, Texas, United States.
McCallum, the second oldest high school in the Austin Independent School District, opened in 1953 to relieve growth in north and northwest Austin. Named after AISD's first high school superintendent, A.N. McCallum, the school strives to reflect the initiatives and achievements of its namesake.
In 1994, McCallum motioned to make its campus the home of AISD's Fine Arts Academy. Currently, the Fine Arts Academy is open to all students in AISD who wish to attend, given that they are accepted following an admissions process. Current fine arts strands include visual arts, dance, theatre (acting/performance and technical), cinematic arts, voice, and instrumental music (band, orchestra, classical guitar, and collaborative piano).
Feeder Patterns.
McCallum feeder schools include Kealing Middle School and Lamar Middle School.
External links.
Class Reunion pages

</doc>
<doc id="9810195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810195" title="Horsetail Fall (Yosemite)">
Horsetail Fall (Yosemite)

Horsetail Fall, located in Yosemite National Park in California, is a seasonal waterfall that flows in the winter and early spring. The fall occurs on the east side of El Capitan. If Horsetail Fall is flowing in February and the weather conditions are just right, the setting sun illuminates the waterfall, making it glow orange and red. This natural phenomenon is often referred to as the "Firefall," a name that pays homage to the manmade Firefall that once took place in Yosemite. 
This waterfall descends in two streams side by side, the eastern one being the larger, but both quite small. The eastern one drops and the western one , the highest fully airborne waterfall in Yosemite that runs at some point every year. The waters then gather and descend another on steep slabs, so the total height of these waterfalls is to . The image shown here is taken during a brief time during the winter, near 21 February at sunset, made famous by Galen Rowell's photograph.
The fall is best seen and photographed from a small clearing close to the picnic area on the north road leading out of Yosemite Valley east of El Capitan.

</doc>
<doc id="9810199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810199" title="Kimberley Alpine Resort">
Kimberley Alpine Resort

Kimberley Alpine Resort is a ski resort located in Kimberley, British Columbia, Canada.
It is located in the Purcell Mountains, on the east face of "North Star Hill". The ski season starts in mid December and runs until early April.
The resort maintains 80 runs (with 20% beginner, 42% intermediate and 38% advanced trails) and 5 liftsystems: a high-speed quad chair lift (the "North Star Express"), a triple chair (the "Easter"), a double chair (the "Tamarack"), a T-bar (the "Owl") and a magic carpet, leading to a total lift capacity of 6,452 skiers per hour. 
Management.
The ski resort is operated by Resorts of the Canadian Rockies Inc., which also owns Fernie Alpine Resort, Nakiska, Mont Sainte-Anne, and Stoneham.

</doc>
<doc id="9810204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810204" title="Horsetail Falls">
Horsetail Falls

Horsetail Falls or Horsetail Fall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9810208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810208" title="Julia Solomonoff">
Julia Solomonoff

Julia Solomonoff (born March 4, 1968 in Entre Rios, Argentina) is an Argentine film actor, producer, film and television director, and screenplay writer.
She works in the cinema of Argentina.
Filmography.
Directing & Writer
Producer only
Acting

</doc>
<doc id="9810223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810223" title="1933–36 Nordic Football Championship">
1933–36 Nordic Football Championship

The 1933–36 Nordic Football Championship was the third Nordic Football Championship staged. Four Nordic countries participated, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. The tournament was arranged by the Football Association of Norway. The trophy was named the "Nordiske Pokal" (Nordic Trophy).

</doc>
<doc id="9810228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810228" title="Franz Bauer">
Franz Bauer

Franz Andreas Bauer (later Francis) (March 14, 1758 – December 11, 1840) was an Austrian microscopist and botanical artist.
Born in Feldsberg, Moravia (now Valtice, Czech Republic), he was the son of Lucas Bauer (died 1761), court painter to the Prince of Liechtenstein, and brother of the painters Josef Anton (1756–1830) and Ferdinand Bauer (1760–1826). After Lucas Bauer's death, his wife, Therese continued to give her three sons lessons in art and illustration. Josef succeeded his father as court painter and eventually became keeper of the gallery in Vienna.
Francis and Ferdinand acquired their first experience of botanical illustration with the arrival of Father Norbert Boccius, Abbot of Feldsberg, in 1763, and produced over 2000 watercolour drawings of plant specimens under his guidance. They were then employed by Count Dietrichstein as flower painters in Vienna - Franz illustrated works by the Baron Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin and his son Baron Joseph Franz von Jacquin at the Schönbrunn Imperial Gardens; Franz then accompanied the latter to London. There Jacquin the younger introduced him to Sir Joseph Banks, who, recognizing his extraordinary talent, secured him a position as first botanical illustrator at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and Museum, at an annual salary of £300. He stayed there for the rest of his life, producing a wealth of superb botanical and anatomical illustrations, became a member of the Royal Society and was appointed ‘Botanick Painter to His Majesty' King George III.
By 1790 Bauer had settled in at Kew, and was involved in detailed paintings and drawings of flower dissections, often at microscopic level, and taking great care in the hand-colouring of lithographic copies of his work. During this time he tutored Queen Charlotte, Princess Elizabeth and William Hooker in the art of illustration, and often entertained friends and botanists at his home. He died in 1840, and is buried at St. Anne's Church, Kew, next to Thomas Gainsborough. His legacy is to be found in such sumptuous publications as "Delineations of Exotick Plants" (1796–1803), his collaboration with John Lindley "Illustrations of Orchidaceous Plants" (1830–38), and his delicate lithographs in "Strelitzia Depicta" (1818).

</doc>
<doc id="9810279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810279" title="Spring Fever (1982 film)">
Spring Fever (1982 film)

Spring Fever is a 1982 film set in the world of competitive tennis. It was produced with the participation at the Canadian Film Development Corporation and Famous Players Limited.
Plot.
Two girls competing in a tennis match suddenly decide to spend 24 hours doing every crazy thing they ever dreamed of. The girls' crazy escapade ends up producing unexpected results.

</doc>
<doc id="9810285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810285" title="École secondaire du Sacré-Cœur">
École secondaire du Sacré-Cœur

École secondaire du Sacré-Cœur is one of four French-language Catholic secondary schools in Greater Sudbury, Ontario. It is maintained by the Conseil scolaire de district catholique du Nouvel-Ontario. It is located at 261 Notre-Dame Avenue, next to city owned soccer fields and tennis courts which double as school grounds. The school is currently under the direction of Paul Henry and acting as the vice-principal is Suzanne Lapointe.
The student population is estimated to be over 400, and so exceeding its originally intended student capacity. The large number of students resulted in the temporary installation of 3 small portable classrooms behind the atrium. The portables are to remain until the completion of an expansion on the school, known as Plan B.
The grounds are also the location of Sudbury's first Franco-Ontarian monument, which encompasses the monument placed there nearly 100 years ago. The unveiling took place September 25, 2008.
History.
Father Joseph Specht and Father Nolin were Jesuit priests behind the conception of the then Collège du Sacré Cœur de Sudbury. It was the first, and for a long time only, classical college in the Northern Ontario area. It first opened its doors in 1913 and was a school exclusively for the education of boys. In 1957 the College was renamed and became the University of Sudbury. Starting in 1967 the building served as one of Cambrian College's three campuses until 1977. It was later occupied by the Gymzone Family Fitness Centre which has relocated to the old École Leon XIII school. Collège Boréal also employed the space from 1995 to 1997 while their new facilities were being constructed.
Following some renovations, École secondaire du Sacré-Cœur opened in 2003. Part of the original building's foundation is still intact and clearly visible in the school's entrance. During its first year, Sacré-Cœur's student population was mainly composed of the students from the former École secondaire catholique l'Héritage, a school which had to be shut down. The last students from l'Héritage graduated in 2007.
Student life.
École secondaire du Sacré-Cœur, much like its counterpart Collège Notre-Dame, the other French Catholic high school in Sudbury, has a uniform code. Students have the choice of pants (dress or casual), capris, shorts, or kilts for girls with which they can wear various tops, ranging from rugby shirts, blouses, golf shirts, and sweatshirts among others. The golf shirts come in white, royal blue and powder blue.

</doc>
<doc id="9810308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810308" title="Full Circle (Drowning Pool album)">
Full Circle (Drowning Pool album)

Full Circle is the third album from heavy metal band Drowning Pool, released on August 7, 2007. It is their first of two studio releases with Ryan McCombs, then former singer of SOiL, who joined the band after the departure of Jason 'Gong' Jones in 2005. This album has a less heavy post-grunge-oriented sound compared to the band's previous studio album, "Desensitized". The first single off the album, "Soldiers," is dedicated to the United States Army.
The album debuted at number 64 on the United States "Billboard 200", selling about 10,000 copies in its first week. As of September 12, 2007, the album has sold around 29,000 copies in the United States.
Four singles were released to promote the album. The final single "Shame" was released June 29, 2009 almost two years after the album's release. The album wasn't very commercially successful, but was received positively by fans. Drowning Pool embarked on several tours to promote Full Circle.
Writing and recording.
"Full Circle" is the only studio album by Drowning Pool with more than 11 tracks; it has 13. McCombs said that "Shame" was one of his favorite songs from the album. The entire band contributed to the album's writing process, as well as including an outside writer, Nikki Sixx who wrote a song for the band, entitled "Reason I'm Alive", which made it on the album. The album also includes a cover of Billy Idol's song "Rebel Yell".
The album was self funded. Ryan McCombs explains "Yeah, we fought for a while to get off of our former record label, Wind-Up. Nothing personal against them, just they came right out and even said they didn’t really want to be in the metal business anymore. They wanted Drowning Pool but they didn’t want us to sound like Drowning Pool. So, it was just time for us to split ways, and we fought to do that for a while. We also ended up splitting ways with our management, too. We just decided that we wanted to start over with a completely fresh, clean slate. So, by doing that we didn’t have any backing whatsoever. So we went into the studio and we cut the album ourselves. We’d go up and play a show here or there every weekend if possible to help fund it. Yeah, we funded the album ourselves, and then used it to go shopping."

</doc>
<doc id="9810317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810317" title="Sisowath Monireth">
Sisowath Monireth

Prince Sisowath Monireth (; November 25, 1909 – April 17, 1975) was Prime Minister of Cambodia, during the French Protectorate Period, from October 17, 1945 to December 15, 1946. One of the most prominent members of the Sisowath line of the royal family at the time, he had earlier been passed over for the throne by the French authorities in favor of Norodom Sihanouk, whom they considered to be more pliable. The prince, however, remained heir to the throne under Sihanouk's reign.
Early life.
The original Cambodian Scout movement "Ankar Khamarak Kayarith" was created in 1934, under the direction of Prince Sisowath Monireth and other leaders, including Tem Im and Pok Thiem. This first era of Cambodian Scouting spread over several provinces and numbered more than 1,000 members.
Period in office.
One of his first acts as Prime Minister was to create the first modern Cambodian army. Having won the consent of the French, who had just returned to power in Cambodia after the defeat of the Japanese in World War II, Prince Monireth succeeded in forming out of former colonial NCOs the basis for an indigenous army whose mission, according to the Franco-Khmer Military Convention of November 20, 1946, was to uphold the sovereignty of the king, to preserve internal security, and to defend the frontiers of the country.
In later years, Prince Monireth temporarily acted as Head of State from April 6 to June 13, 1960 in his capacity as chairman of the Regency Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9810323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810323" title="Hansjörg Schellenberger">
Hansjörg Schellenberger

Hansjörg Schellenberger is a German oboist and conductor born in 1948.
He won the first prize at the German Jugend musiziert Competition with seventeen, which led to a scholarship enabling him to further his education at Interlochen (Michigan, USA). He continued his studies in Munich with Manfred Clement and he attended master classes with Heinz Holliger. During this period he took part in numerous concerts, many of them dedicated to contemporary music, and obtained prizes in several international competitions, among them, second prize in the ARD International Music Competition in Munich.
In the seventies he was soloist of the Cologne Radio Orchestra and from 1980-2001 of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.
Between 1980 and 2001 he has played under conductors such as Karajan, Leinsdorf, Giulini, Muti, Mehta and Abbado. He has dedicated a great part of his artistic activity to chamber music with groups such as the Wind Ensemble of the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna-Berlin Ensemble.
From 1981 to 1991 he taught at the Berlin Music Academy. He has also been Guest Professor at the Chigiana Academy in Sienna, Italy and participated with his master classes in the Magister Musicae project. Currently he is principal professor of oboe at the Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía (Queen Sofía College of Music) in Madrid.
In 1991 Schellenberger founded the Berliner-Hadyn-Konzerte cycle, which he continues to conduct himself. He has recorded Beethoven's and Mozart's Piano and Wind Quintets and Poulenc's Trio for piano, oboe and bassoon with J. Levine and M. Turkovic.
References.
Official WebSite: www.hansjoerg-schellenberger.de

</doc>
<doc id="9810338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810338" title="Ahmed Aboki Abdullahi">
Ahmed Aboki Abdullahi

Ahmed Aboki Abdullahi is a retired Brigadier General of the Nigerian army. As a Lieutenant Colonel, he was the Nigerian communications minister, a position he earned as a trained officer in the army signals division. He was at one point in time a general commanding officer. He is thought of as belonging to the group that supported the palace coup of General Sani Abacha in 1993.
References.
BRIG GEN AA ABDULLAHI (N/908) Mss,Psc,rcds
Ahmed Aboki Abdullahi
CORPS: Signals
CADET TRAINING: Nigerian Defence academy
DATE OF COMMISSION: 2 JULY 1968
TYPE OF COMMISSION: REGULAR COMBATANT
COURSES ATTENDED:
a.Signal Offrs Qualifying Course, Blandford- UK, jul 1970
b.Signal Offrs Communication Course, Blandford- UK jul 1971-Mar 1972
c.Communication Electronics Staff Course, Fort Sill - USA Feb- Jun 1975
d.Senior Division Army Command and Staff Course, Jaji - Nigeria Sept 1977- July 1978
e.US Marine Corps, Command and Staff Course, Quantico Vaginia - USA Aug 1980 - Jun 1981
f.Royal College of Defence Studies, UK Jan - Dec 1992
APPOINTMENTS HELD
a. Adjt, 104 Inf Bn, Jul 1968-Jan 1969
b. SC 'A', 1 Sig Bde, Jan 1969- Aug 1970
c. 2IC, 2 Sig Regt, Sept 1970 - Jul 1971
d. Sqn Comd, 1 Sig Regt, Jul 1971 - 1972
e. CO, Oscar Sqn, 1 Sig Bde, Apr - sept 1972
f. CO, 1 Sig Regt, Sept 1972 - Oct 1974
g. BM, 1 Sig Bde, Oct - Nov 1974
h. CO, 4 Sig regt, nov 1974 - Dec 1976
i. Ag Comd, Static Bde, Dec 1976 - Sept 1977
j. ADMS II, AHQ MS, Aug - Dec 1978
k. Comd, Corps sig nde, Dec 1978 - Oct 1979
l. Col AQ, HQ NAS, oct 1979 - Aug 1980
m. Comd, 51 Div Sig, Nov 1981 - Aug 1982
n. DS, CSC, Aug 1982 - Jun 1984
o. CCS, HQ NAS, Dec 1987 - Jan 1992
EXTRA REGIMENTAL EMPLOYMENT":
a. Minister of Communications, Jan 1984 - Aug !985: Creator of the name NITEL
b. Minister of Social Development, Youth and Sports, Aug 1985 - Aug 1986- Creator of the NYSC programme
c. Military governor, Kwara state, Aug 1986 - Dec 1987
MILITARY DECORATIONS":
a. Defence Service Medal
b. National Service Medal
c. Republic medal
d. General Service Medal
e. Forces service star
f. Silver jubilee medal
g. Meritorious service Star.
At one point thought to be best candidate to take over from Gen. Sani Abacha

</doc>
<doc id="9810368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810368" title="Martin Bambauer">
Martin Bambauer

Martin Bambauer (born 1970 in Wesel) is a German organist and church musician.
Bambauer studied church music at the Robert Schumann Hochschule in Düsseldorf with Hans-Dieter Möller and passed his examination with distinction for improvisation . Further he studied with Daniel Roth in Frankfurt am Main and passed 2001 the "Konzertexamen". Since 2002 he is teacher for organ-improvisation at the Musikhochschule in Köln. Bambauer is organist and choir director at the constantine basilica in Trier.

</doc>
<doc id="9810382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810382" title="Haft-Seen">
Haft-Seen

Haft Sīn () or the seven 'S's is a traditional table setting of Nowruz, the traditional Iranian spring celebration. The haft seen table includes seven items all starting with the letter "sīn" () in the Perso-Arabic alphabet. Haft-Seen was originally called "Haftchin" (Haftĉin) derived from the words Chin (چین), meaning "gather; pile up" and Haft (هفت), the number 7. The Haft Chin table includes the following items which symbolize Zoroastrian yazatas or divinities such as ātar" and asmān".
The term and therefore the original custom was changed due to the digraph Ch (چ) not being present in the Arabic language leading to its replacement by the letter S (س). The invasion of Sassanid Persia by the Umayyad Caliphate in 650 brought acculturation and cultural transformation to the local Persians. This subsequently forced the local population to adapt and replace many Zoroastrian customs and words with Arabic and Islamic concepts. "Zoroastrianism was replaced by Islam as the religion of the rulers of Iran" The Arabic language was heavily enforced upon the conquered from the local Persians and other Iranian speaking populations throughout Greater Iran and the surrounding areas. The Arab conquests dramatically changed the Middle East and North Africa in respect to language, culture, and religion. The Arabic assimilation of the Persians and other Iranian groups continued under the Abbasid Empire until the revival of the Persian language and culture by the Samanid Empire in 819 although the term and custom of Haft Chin had evolved into Haft Seen after nearly two centuries of Arab rule.
The "Haft Chin" items are:
The "Haft Seen" items are:
Mary Boyce described a traditional Sharifabadi Zoroastrian New Years observance as including:

</doc>
<doc id="9810389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810389" title="Stephen Savage">
Stephen Savage

Stephen Savage was born in England and after early training with Dorothy Hesse, studied with Bruno Seidlhofer at the "Wiener Akademie" and Cyril Smith at the RCM London where he became his teaching assistant immediately after graduating.
Two years later Stephen Savage was appointed the youngest professor of Piano at the RCM at a time when he was also becoming established as a concert pianist, with frequent appearances at the Wigmore and Queen Elizabeth halls and for the BBC including live broadcasts in the prestigious Tuesday Invitation Concerts. He appeared in concerto performances with Sir Adrian Boult, David Atherton and Andrew Davis and became known for his insight into a wide range of music, including new compositions. He is the dedicatee of major works by Justin Connolly and Roger Smalley, whose Accord for two pianos he premiered with the composer.
From 1982, Stephen Savage was based in Australia as Head of Keyboard Studies at the Queensland Conservatorium, Griffith University. He became established as a distinguished teacher and performer in Australia, appearing with most of the leading symphony orchestras and at the festivals of Sydney, Perth and Brisbane. He gave the first local performance of the Lutoslawski concerto with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, and also organised and performed a week-long festival of the works of Sir Michael Tippett during the composer’s 1990 visit. This remains the largest event of its kind to be mounted in Australia. He also founded and conducted the Griffith University Ensemble and has been active in introducing student ensembles to a wide range of the most important music of the last century. He founded, and is the curator of, the Kawai Keyboard Series at the Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University in Brisbane in 1998, which is now the largest and most comprehensive series in the country.
Stephen Savage also tours extensively as recitalist and teacher in many parts of the Far East as well as the UK where he has been a frequent visitor to the leading music schools. His recordings include Tippett’s Piano Sonatas, Smalley’s Accord with the composer, works by Andrew Ford and acclaimed CDs of the last three Sonatas of Beethoven and of Mussorgsky’s Pictures at an Exhibition. He celebrated the Tippett centenary year with concerts in London and Manchester and a series within the Queensland Music Festival. He returned to the UK in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9810390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810390" title="Philomath High School">
Philomath High School

Philomath High School is a public high school in Philomath, Oregon, United States.
Academics.
In 2008, 88% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 147 students, 129 graduated, 12 dropped out, 3 received a modified diploma, and 3 stayed in high school.
The Clemens Grant.
A scholarship fund set up for graduates of Philomath High School was the subject of the documentary, "". 
New construction.
In 2011, a $20 million construction project was started to rebuild a classroom wing and athletic complex at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="9810406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810406" title="Tetra Pak">
Tetra Pak

Tetra Pak is a multinational food packaging and processing company of Swedish origin with head offices in Lund, Sweden, and Lausanne, Switzerland. The company offers packaging solutions, filling machines and processing solutions for dairy, beverages, cheese, ice-cream and prepared food, including distribution tools like accumulators, cap applicators, conveyors, crate packers, film wrappers, line controllers and straw applicators. Tetra Pak was founded by Ruben Rausing and built on an innovation by Erik Wallenberg, a tetrahedron-shaped plastic coated paper carton, from which the company name was derived. In the 1960s and 1970s the development of the Tetra Brik package and the aseptic packaging technology made possible a cold chain supply, substantially facilitating distribution and storage. From the beginning of the 1950s to the mid-1990s the company was headed by the two sons of Ruben Rausing, Hans and Gad, who took the company from a family business of six employees, in 1954, to a multinational corporation. Tetra Pak is currently the largest food packaging company in the world by sales, operating in more than 170 countries and with over 23,000 employees (2012). The company is privately owned by the family of Gad Rausing through the Swiss based holding company Tetra Laval, which also includes the dairy farming equipment producer DeLaval and the PET bottle manufacturer Sidel. In November 2011, the Tetra Brik carton package was represented at the exhibition "Hidden Heroes – The Genius of Everyday Things" at the London Science Museum/Vitra Design Museum, celebrating "the miniature marvels we couldn’t live without". The aseptic packaging technology has been called the most important food packaging innovation of the 20th Century by the Institute of Food Technologists and the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences called the Tetra Pak packaging system one of Sweden’s most successful inventions of all time.
History.
Tetra Pak was created in 1951 as a subsidiary to Åkerlund & Rausing, a food carton company established in Malmö in 1929 by Ruben Rausing and Erik Åkerlund. Rausing, who had studied in New York at the beginning of the 1920s, had seen self-service grocery stores in America, unknown in Europe at the time, and realised that pre-packaging was part of the future in food retailing as a more hygienic and practical way of distributing staple groceries. At the time, these were sold over the counter in cumbersome glass bottles or impractical paper wraps in most European countries. At the end of the 1920s Rausing bought a run-down packaging factory in Malmö together with the industrialist Erik Åkerlund.
Åkerlund & Rausing was the first packaging company in Scandinavia and eventually became a leading manufacturer of dry food carton packages. Initially, however, Åkerlund & Rausing had difficulties making profits and in 1933 Åkerlund sold his share to Rausing, who became the sole owner.
Formation.
Åkerlund & Rausing produced all sorts of paper packaging for dry staple groceries, but Rausing determined to also find a way of pre-packaging liquids, such as milk and cream, and spent large sums on developing a viable package. The goal was to provide optimal food safety, hygiene and distribution efficiency using a minimum amount of material, according to the subsequently famous credo that a package should "save more than it costs". The new package had to be sufficiently cheap to be able to compete with loose milk, meaning that a minimum of material waste and a maximum of production efficiency needed to be obtained.
In 1943, the Åkerlund & Rausing lab started to work on developing the milk carton package and, in 1944, came up with the idea of constructing a tetrahedron-shaped package out of a tube of paper. The idea was simple but efficient, making optimal use of the material involved. After some initial hesitation, Rausing understood the potential of the package and filed for a patent on 27 March 1944. The rest of the 1940s were spent developing viable packaging materials and solving the technical problems of filling, sealing, and distribution. 
It was reportedly Rausing’s wife Elisabeth who came up with the idea of continuously sealing the packages through the milk while filling the tube in the manner of stuffing sausages, to prevent oxygen entering the package. In 1946 a model for a packaging machine was presented by engineer Harry Järund, and in collaboration with Swedish paper mills and foreign chemical companies a viable paper for packaging was finally produced when coating carton paper with polyethylene, making the paper waterproof and allowing for heat-sealing during filling.
Operating history.
AB Tetra Pak was established in Lund, Sweden, in 1951. In May of that year, the new packaging system was presented to the press, and in 1952 the first filling machine producing 100 ml cream tetrahedrons was delivered to Lundaortens Mejeriförening, a local dairy.
In the subsequent years, the tetrahedron packages became more and more frequent in Swedish grocery stores, and in 1954 the first machine producing 500 ml milk packages was sold to a Stockholm dairy. That same year the first machine was exported to Hamburg, Germany, soon to be followed by France (1954), Italy (1956), Switzerland (1957) and later the Soviet Union (1959) and Japan (1962).
Rausing relentlessly strove to improve the Tetra Classic system, wrought with many technical problems during the 1950s, and spent enormous amounts on development. The different projects – the tetrahedron, the aseptic packaging technology, Tetra Brik – all demanded extremely large resources and the company had financial troubles well into the 1960s. Indeed, Tetra Pak's commercial break-through did not arrive until the mid-60s with the new Tetra Brik package, introduced in 1963, and the development of the Aseptic technology. To liberate capital, Åkerlund & Rausing was sold in 1965 while AB Tetra Pak was retained. International expansion began already at the beginning of the 1960s, when the first production plant for packaging material outside of Sweden was established in Mexico in 1960, soon to be followed by another one in the United States (1962). In 1962 the first Tetra Classic Aseptic machine outside of Europe was installed in Lebanon.
The late 1960s and the 1970s saw a global expansion of the company, much due to the new Tetra Brik Aseptic package, launched in 1969, which opened up new markets in the developing world and sparked off a virtual explosion in sales.
Mergers and acquisitions.
In 1981 Tetra Pak relocated its corporate headquarters to Lausanne, Switzerland for tax reasons, however retaining all R&D functions in Lund, Sweden. For the equivalent of $2.5 billion, Tetra Pak acquired Alfa-Laval AB in 1991, a venerable Swedish company producing industrial and agricultural equipment and milk separators, world-leading in its industry, in what was at the time Sweden's largest take-over deal. Since the deal allowed Tetra Pak to integrate the Alfa Laval competence within processing, the merger eventually made it possible for Tetra Pak to offer entire packaging and processing solutions to its clients. The deal drew anti-competitive scrutiny from the European Commission, but the takeover went through after various concessions from both companies. After the merger with Alfa Laval, Tetra Pak announced plans to return the headquarters to Sweden, and in 1993 Group Tetra Laval was created with joint headquarters in Lund and Lausanne. Alfa Laval's liquid processing unit was absorbed into Tetra Pak and the unit specialising on machinery for dairy production was organised separately in Alfa Laval Agri. Alfa Laval Agri was later renamed DeLaval, after Alfa Laval's founder Gustaf de Laval, and is still a part of the Tetra Laval group. The part of Alfa Laval that was not directly linked to Tetra Pak's activities – heat exchangers and separation equipment among others – was sold in 2000 to Swedish finance group Industri Kapital. In 2001 Tetra Laval acquired the French plastic packaging group Sidel. The merger was prohibited by the European Commission on the grounds that both Tetra Pak and Sidel were market leading in their field and operated in related business areas. The European Court of Justice eventually ruled in favour for Tetra Laval in a high profile case. The Tetra Laval Group is controlled by the holding company Tetra Laval International, whose board of directors include the three children of Gad Rausing.
Operations.
Competition.
In an interview in Swedish business monthly Affärsvärlden in 2006, Tetra Pak CEO Dennis Jönsson defined Tetra Pak's current main competitor to be Swiss manufacturer SIG Combibloc, however adding that Tetra Pak's main competition generally no longer comes from companies producing similar packaging but from industries and companies producing other types of packaging with a lower cost of production, like the PET bottle. Indeed, Jönsson perceived the PET-bottle as Tetra Pak's biggest threat on the European market at the time. The Norwegian company Elopak/Pure-Pak produces similar style carton packages and has historically been Tetra Pak's principal competitor. The Chinese packaging company Greatview has in recent years began challenging Tetra Pak, both on the important Chinese market as well as in Europe.
Key figures.
Key figures (2012):
Products.
Aseptic technology.
The aseptic packaging technology is Tetra Pak's key innovation and has to a large extent paved the way for the Tetra Pak system's success. In aseptic processing the product and the package are sterilized separately and then combined and sealed in a sterile atmosphere, in contrast to canning, where product and package are first combined and then sterilized. When filled with ultra-heat treated (UHT) foodstuffs (liquids like milk and juice or processed food like vegetables and preserved fruits), the aseptic packages can be preserved without chilling for up to one year, with the result that distribution and storage costs, as well as the environmental impact, is greatly reduced and product shelf life expanded.
Processing and distribution solutions.
While the original idea was to provide hygienic pre-packaging for liquid food stuffs, Tetra Pak is now providing a range of different packaging and processing solutions due to its acquisition of Alfa Laval in 1991, consequently supplying complete systems of processing, packaging and distribution within fields as various as ice cream, cheese, fruit and vegetables and pet food.
In addition to its various packaging solutions, Tetra Pak thus provides integrated processing and distribution lines for different kinds of food manufacturing, including packaging machines and carton paper, equally providing distribution equipment like conveyors, tray packers, film wrappers, crates, straws and roll containers. The company additionally offers automated production solutions and technical service.
Environment.
Environmental policy.
Tetra Pak has a very pronounced sustainability profile and claims to continuously strive to improve best practice for itself and for its customers. Ruben Rausing's in many ways preclusive mantra from the 1940s that a package should save more money than it costs has over the years resulted in a highly sustainable product that makes efficient use of all resources involved. The use of materials and waste management are indeed, says Financial Times, "big issues" for the company. In 2011, Tetra Pak published a new set of sustainability targets, which included maintaining the CO2 emission levels on the same level until 2020 and increasing recycling by 100% in the same period. Previous Tetra Pak sustainability targets (2005–2010) were met and exceeded with exceptional results reported the WWF, with whom Tetra Pak has a long time collaboration, affirming that Tetra Pak's use of energy was lower in 2006 than in 2002, despite a production growth of 23%. Maintaining current CO2 emission levels until 2020 would result in a total of 40% relative cut in emissions with an average growth rate of 5% per year, Food Production Daily reports. Tetra Pak said it will increase its use of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified paper to 100% in 2020, with an interim target of 50% by 2012. The new targets will encompass the whole value chain, from suppliers to customers, putting pressure on partners to perform coherently. The company reported that it secures raw material for the paper carton in cooperation with the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), the Global Forest & Trade Network (GFTN) and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) and that it strives to source polyethylene made from sugarcane from sustainable suppliers in Brazil. In 2010 40% of Tetra Pak's carton supply was FSC certified. Slowly, sectors where glass bottles have been paramount, like the wine and spirits industry, have begun to look at carton bottles as a possible packaging solution as the carbon footprint of a carton container is said to be about one tenth of that of an equivalent glass bottle.
Recycling.
Since the aseptic packages contain different layers of plastic and aluminium in addition to raw paper, they cannot be recycled as "normal" paper waste, but need to go to special recycling units for separation of the different materials. Tetra Pak has operated limited recycling since the mid-1980s, introducing a recycling program for its cartons in Canada as early as 1990. In 2000, Tetra Pak invested Bt20m (€500,000) in Southeast Asia's first recycling plant for aseptic packages, in Thailand. Recycling of the aseptic packages has indeed been one of Tetra Pak's big challenges. Once separated, the aseptic carton results in aluminium and pure paraffin which can be used in industry. Even without separating the carton materials, however, the aseptic carton can be reused, a Tetra Pak spokesman said, for example in engineering equipment. In 2010 30 billion used Tetra Pak carton packages were recycled, a doubling since 2002. The company stated that it aims to help double the rate of recycling in the next ten years, something that will require an engagement within the whole recycling chain. As per 2011, 20% of Tetra Pak cartons are recycled globally, with countries like Belgium, Germany, Spain and Norway showing local recycling rates of over 50%. To increase the level of recycling and meet the targets, Tetra Pak has engaged in driving recycling activities such as facilitating the development of collection schemes, launch new recycling technologies and raise the awareness about recycling and sustainability. Used Tetra Pak packages have been used as construction material in different design projects, with varying results.
Criticism.
Tetra Pak's sustainability work has gained recognition from industry and retailers alike, and in 2010 Tetra Pak was rewarded the Swedish Forest Industries Climate Award with the motivation that the company takes global responsibility for the forests which provide its raw material. The recently introduced Tetra Recart has also been hailed by large retail groups like Sainsbury's as "the 21st Century alternative to canned foods" as the cartons' rectangular shape makes transportation, storage and distribution more efficient, taking up 21% less space and weighing 2/3 of a tin can of equivalent volume. Tetra Pak cartons have been criticized for being more difficult to recycle than tin cans and glass bottles. The difficulty lies in the fact that the process demands specific recycling plants which are not easily accessible and that if not recycled, the cartons end up in landfills. Tetra Pak has stated that it is currently working on joint ventures with local governments around the world to increase the number of recycling facilities.
Community projects.
Food for development.
Tetra Pak was early in engaging in community projects and the company has supported School Milk and School Feeding programmes for 45 years. In the late 1970s Ruben Rausing engaged himself personally in Operation Flood, a joint venture between the World Food Programme, the World Bank and Tetra Pak to supply western milk surplus to Indian households. The Food for Development programme (FfD) was initiated to improve nutrition and health and alleviate poverty globally. The FfD programmes is mainly focusing on school nutrition and school milk for children, but also on projects improving agricultural practices and dairy handling, providing training for farmers to enhance efficiency, productivity and food safety. This is also beneficial for Tetra Pak as it builds relations and secures supply on less developed markets. Tetra Pak works tightly with local governments and NGOs to secure and develop the programmes.
School milk.
The School milk programmes are part of the Food for Development projects and aim at providing milk to school children to help improve nutrition. Tetra Pak supplies the cartons for the school milk at cost and does not make any profit on sales. UNDP and World Bank case studies of Tetra Pak school milk programmes in Nigeria showed that vitamin deficiency, energy, growth and cognitive skills were improved and that children were more interested in their school work after taking part in the programme.
Disaster relief support.
Tetra Pak has supported disaster relief after the earthquakes in Haiti and Japan in 2010 and 2011, in forest fires in Russia in 2010 and during the flooding in Pakistan in 2010 and Thailand in 2011. In China, Tetra Pak helped improve food safety, sustainability and best practices in the dairy industry after the 2008 contamination scandal that, although Tetra Pak had nothing to do with the scandal, seriously damaged the market for packaged milk in China. As states Financial Times, it was not solely a philanthropic act but a way of securing the future for the market, helping the industry become safer, more sustainable and more efficient. The training programme was reported to be very successful with substantial elevation of standards in dairy handling and farming.
Controversy.
Monopoly.
Tetra Pak has occasionally been subject to controversy, most notably regarding its near monopoly position on certain markets for many years. Especially attempts at mergers have been subject to scrutiny. Its merger with French PET-production company Sidel in 2001 drew anti-competition allegations from the European Commission. The court case was drawn out for many years and twice appealed to the European Court of First Instance before the European Court of Justice ruled in favour of Tetra Laval. In 2004, Tetra Pak was accused of using its near monopoly in China, where it held 95% on the market for aseptic carton packaging. The allegations were contested by Tetra Pak.
The Parmalat scandal.
In January 2004, Italian dairy giant Parmalat was caught in a multibillion-euro accounting scandal, culminating in the arrest of the owner Calisto Tanzi. Parmalat CFO Fausto Tonna told the Italian business daily Il Sole 24 Ore that Tetra Pak had made substantial payments to Tanzi and his family and to a company in the Cayman Islands belonging to Parmalat. Tetra Pak acknowledged having made payments to Parmalat but stated that the payments had been made as discounts to subsidize marketing operations and pricing, as is usual practice with large customers. Tetra Pak was asked by Italian authorities to provide documentation on the transactions, and found that payments had been made since 1995 as part of regular operations but that no payments had been made specifically to the Tanzi family. Calisto Tanzi was eventually sentenced to 8 years imprisonment for fraud by the Italian high court in Milan after several appeals in lower instances.
The tetrahedron legacy.
Upon visiting the Tetra Pak factory in Lund in the 1950s, Danish physics professor and Nobel Prize laureate Niels Bohr allegedly claimed to "never have seen such an adequate practical application of a mathematical problem" as the tetrahedron package and the innovation of the milk tetrahedron, the basis for Tetra Pak, has indeed given rise to differences in view as to who is to be credited for the invention. Erik Wallenberg did not get any formal recognition until 1991 when he was awarded the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences Great Gold Medal for outstanding achievement for the invention.

</doc>
<doc id="9810414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810414" title="Elizabeth McGuire">
Elizabeth McGuire

Elizabeth McGuire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9810420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810420" title="Price analysis">
Price analysis

In marketing, Price Analysis refers to the analysis of consumer response to theoretical prices in survey research.
In general business, Price Analysis is the process of examining and evaluating a proposed price without evaluating its separate cost elements and proposed profit/fee.
Price analysis may also refer to the breakdown of a price to a unit figure. Usually per square metre or square foot of accommodation or per hectare or even square metre of land. The price with suitable adjustment for various differences, is then applied to the valuation problem.

</doc>
<doc id="9810425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810425" title="Centre for Policy Dialogue">
Centre for Policy Dialogue

The Centre for Policy Dialogue (CPD), established in 1993 by Rehman Sobhan, its Founder Chairman, with support from leading civil society institutions in Bangladesh, is mandated by its Deed of Trust to service the growing demand originating from the emerging civil society of Bangladesh for a more participatory and accountable development process. CPD seeks to address this felt-need from the perspectives of marginalised stakeholders, by way of organising multistakeholder consultations, by conducting research on issues of critical national, regional and global interests, through dissemination of knowledge and information on key developmental issues, and by influencing the concerned policy making processes.
CPD strives to bridge the gap between empirical research and policy advocacy through a sustained effort in public policy analyses. Over the past eighteen years CPD has emerged as Bangladesh's premier civil society think-tank, and has established its credibility as one of the very few platforms in Bangladesh where civil society organisations, stakeholder groups and political parties, often with diverse views and perspectives, are agreeable to sit around a dialogue table, and conduct an informed discussion about key issues of developmental concern and interest.
Over the years, CPD has evolved into a South Asia centre of excellence and has attained credibility as a distinguished focal point for issues relating to the least developed countries (LDCs).
The Centre was recognised as one of the top 228 leading think-tanks by the first global "Go to Think Tank Survey in 2007", and was selected for support under the Think Tank Initiative through a globally competitive process.
Focus.
CPD is an independent think-tank with local roots and global outreach. CPD focuses on frontier issues which are critical to the development process of Bangladesh, South Asia and LDCs in the present context, and those that are expected to shape and influence country's development prospects from the medium-term perspective. CPD's current programme portfolio includes research activities, holding of dialogues, publication and dissemination, and networking-related initiatives. CPD strives to enhance national capacity for economy-wide policy analyses, foster regional cooperation, and addresses issues which relate to Bangladesh's effective integration into the process of regionalisation and globalisation.
CPD activities also focus on challenges for regional cooperation and integration in South Asia. Moreover, CPD engages its capacity to analyse and highlight factors affecting socioeconomic progress in the LDCs. CPD has been organising Indo-Bangladesh dialogues on a regular basis where high level policymakers and representatives of key stakeholder groups of the two countries discuss issues of bilateral interest. CPD is also actively involved in the Kunming Initiative which strives to foster cooperation among Bangladesh, China, India and Myanmar. Among other things, CPD regularly organises international fora of the civil society organisations to advance the interests of the LDCs in the UN, WTO and other multilateral institutions.
Target Groups.
CPD's target groups are diverse and include both global and local policymakers. CPD seeks to provide voice to the interests and concerns of the low-income economies in global development discourse. In doing so, CPD involves all important cross-sections of the society including public representatives, government officials, business leaders, representatives of grassroots organisations, academics, development partners and other relevant interest groups. These different groups are engaged in exchange of views in all the three phases of the CPD process: identification of socially relevant issues, generation of inputs for policy analysis, and validation of policy recommendations.
Operational Modality.
CPD's civic activism in policy-related areas is operationalised through various means which are implemented by way of concrete initiatives. These include:
Dialogue.
At the core of CPD's activities lies its dialogue programme. CPD designs the dialogue format in such a way as to stimulate constructive engagement and informed exchange of views. Since the CPD dialogues are not intended to be merely academic, but tailored towards implementation, the discussions are designed to come up with specific recommendations reflecting stakeholders' views in terms of redefining the policies and ensuring their effective realisation on the ground. These recommendations are then placed before current and prospective policymakers of the country as inputs to the policy making process. One of the major CPD initiatives of recent times was the Bangladesh Vision 2021, a document prepared under the initiative of the Nagorik Committee (Citizen's Committee), based on a wide-ranging consultation held in Dhaka and several district headquarters of the country.
Beyond issues of national importance, CPD dialogues also focus on those that concern regional and global interests of the country and other LDCs.
Research.
CPD maintains an extensive research portfolio focusing on frontier issues that would define Bangladesh's socioeconomic transformation in the immediate future. The research issues pursued by the Centre also address the interests and concerns of South Asian as well as LDCs.
The evolving research programme of CPD reflects the expressed demands of the policymakers, and attempts to provide voice to the absentee stakeholders in the policy making process. CPD deploys multistakeholder dialogues, along with traditional research techniques, to elicit analytical insights and to seek validation of the research conclusions.
As a centre of excellence, CPD endeavours to interface its research outcomes with the ongoing global debates on contemporary development discourse. CPD partners with research institutions and agencies of global acclaim. For more than a decade now, CPD, as a partner institute of the World Economic Forum (WEF), is contributing to the Global Competitiveness Report (GCR). CPD is currently spearheading an independent partnership of international institutions to follow up the outcome of the Fourth UN LDC Conference.
CPD's flagship output, titled the Independent Review of Bangladesh's Development (IRBD) regularly monitors the policy environment, macroeconomic indicators and sectoral variables of the country. Challenging the Injustice of Poverty: Agendas for Inclusive Development in South Asia is one of the important studies carried out by the CPD in recent times.
Some of the other issues addressed in the immediate past at CPD included agricultural productivity and diversification, implications of WTO negotiations, regional connectivity and trade facilitation, implications of trade liberalisation on employment, promotion of foreign direct investment, impact of climate change on livelihood concerns, assessment of social safety net programmes, economic costs of spousal violence, export diversification, and efficacy of development institutions.
Ongoing recent research activities of CPD have clustered under the following eight broad themes:
Contribution to Policy Making.
CPD researchers have been actively involved in contributing to the policy making process in the country as members of various committees and working groups set up by a range of public bodies including the Bangladesh Bank, Planning Commission, Ministry of Commerce, Ministry of Industries, and Ministry of Agriculture. CPD senior research staff are members of Panel of Economists for the Sixth Five-Year Plan, Boards of state-owned banks, WTO Advisory and Working Groups, and various other policy forums. Senior researchers of CPD, on a regular basis, disseminate CPD's research findings to the wider public through comments and interviews in newspapers, television and radio channels, and international media. They also regularly participate in television talk shows. Writing of op eds and popular pieces by the CPD researchers for leading newspapers on a regular basis is another way to reach the policy voice.
Support to Young Professionals.
With a view to promote development vision and policy awareness amongst the young people of the country, CPD is implementing a Youth Leadership Programme. The aim of the programme is to inculcate leadership qualities and promote civic responsibility amongst the young professionals of the country through internship, research involvement, dialogue participation and civic activism. CPD regularly hosts international interns.
Capacity Building.
CPD has been putting a considerable effort to support research-related capacity building in the country. The objective is to enable researchers, academics and representatives of various stakeholder groups to better appreciate and understand key issues related to Bangladesh's development, and give them exposure to analytical approaches and tools for in-depth examination of those issues. As part of such initiatives, CPD organises, on a regular basis, Advanced Lecture Series for fresh Economics graduates from universities where senior CPD staff deliver lectures on such topics as macroeconomic policy management, regional cooperation and impact of globalisation. Over the past eleven years CPD has been regularly organising Policy Appreciation Workshops on WTO and Bangladesh for mid-level government officials, researchers, academics, NGO representatives and journalists. CPD has also conducted courses on WTO and Implications for Bangladesh for young journalists and junior faculty of the Department of Economics of various universities.
Publication and Dissemination.
CPD pursues a comprehensive programme for disseminating its research and dialogue outputs through regular publications and web-postings. CPD's current publication list contains more than 370 titles including Books, Monographs, Working Papers (Occasional Papers), Dialogue Reports and Policy Briefs.
CPD Books and Monographs have been published by The University Press Ltd. (UPL), Pathak Shamabesh and on CPD's own initiative. CPD outputs are available for sale at the Centre and also in selected bookstores in Bangladesh. The Working Papers (Occasional Papers) and Dialogue Reports are posted on CPD's website. Information about ongoing CPD activities is also regularly published in the CPD Quarterly.
Reference and Documentation Unit.
CPD has established a Reference and Documentation Unit (RDU) which serves as a repository of books, monographs, journals, periodicals and newspaper clippings on current and strategic policy issues. RDU puts special emphasis on policy documents and unpublished policy-related materials. Information generated through CPD's dialogue programmes and research activities is also systematically catalogued by the RDU.
Website and Media.
CPD has created a website to expand its outreach and expedite the dissemination of dialogue and research outputs. The website has enabled CPD to substantially enhance its networking capacity. The address of the website is http://www.cpd.org.bd
CPD has also launched its own blog for enhancing interaction with its stakeholders from different quarters. The blog was launched in March 2010. The blog allows posting of comments and sharing of views on CPD's latest activities, published reports and all other postings. It can be visited from the CPD Website Homepage.
CPD's public dialogues are usually extensively reported by the print media and covered by the electronic media in Bangladesh.
Networking with Partner Institutions.
CPD looks upon its capacity to fruitfully network with various organisations and institutions within the civil society as one of its core strengths. As of now, CPD has initiated and hosted a number of dialogues and research programmes in collaboration with organisations such as Oxfam International, ICTSD (Geneva), ODI (London), The Commonwealth Foundation, OECD, UNCTAD, UNDESA, UNDP, UNESCAP, WTO, ILO, FAO, IRRI, ADB and the World Bank.
CPD is a partner institute of the World Economic Forum, popularly known as the Davos Forum, since 2001; DeFiNe Network of OECD Development Centre, Paris; and the ARTNeT-UNESCAP. CPD also maintains membership with the South Asia Network of Economic Research Institutes (SANEI) and a number of other Networks, and is one of the four Founders of the South Asia Economic Summit, an initiative of the premier civil society think-tanks in South Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9810429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810429" title="How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found">
How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found

How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found is a book by Doug Richmond, originally released in 1995, which is a how-to guide on starting a new identity. It includes chapters on planning a disappearance, arranging for new identification, finding work, establishing credit, pseudocide (creating the impression you're dead), and more. The book recommends a method of disappearing by assuming the identity of a dead person with similar vital statistics and age, and also includes a section on avoiding paper trails which, due to the age of the book, may no longer be relevant or useful.
A play inspired by the book was released in 2005 by Fin Kennedy, about a man wanting to disappear, which won the John Whiting Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9810444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810444" title="Leaving Here">
Leaving Here

"Leaving Here" is a song written in 1963 by Motown songwriters Holland–Dozier–Holland. Written at the beginning of the partnership, it is notable in several recordings. "Leaving Here" was originally released as a single in December 1963 by H-D-H lyricist Eddie Holland and peaked at number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number 27 on the "Billboard" R&B chart.
The original recording has subsequently been released on compilation albums such as "Heaven Must Have Sent You: Holland/Dozier/Holland Story", released in 2005, and "The Complete Motown Singles Vol.3, (1963)", released in 2006.
Motörhead version.
"Leaving Here" is the debut single from English heavy metal band Motörhead. Despite "Leaving Here" being their first single, only Lemmy remained from the band's original line-up.
On April 28, 1979, Motörhead founder Lemmy was interviewed by John Tobler on BBC Radio 1's "Rock on Saturday" show, "Motorhead", "Leaving Here" and "Limb from Limb" were played. 
The recording was inspired by The Birds' 1965 cover version of Eddie Holland's "Leaving Here". Lemmy was a great fan of the band.
Releases.
The band had originally recorded a version of this song for their debut album "On Parole", but unsure of its commercial viability their record company United Artists, to whom they were still under contract, were refusing to issue it. Jake Riviera of Stiff Records, a casual acquaintance of Lemmy's, offered to release a new single from the band. No official deals were made, the band paid for the studio time whilst Riviera paid all other expenses. The single was scheduled for release with catalogue number BUY9 when United Artists intervened forcing Stiff to shelve its distribution.
The single was issued in France (on Skydog Records, MH001, black on white sleeve) and Sweden (on Blitz Records, MH001, purple on white sleeve) with some copies being imported into the UK. The tracks were included on two 1977 Stiff compilation albums, "A Bunch of Stiff Records" (SEEZ2,1/April/1977) contained "White Line Fever", and "Hits Greatest Stiffs" (FIST1,16/September/1977) contained "Leavin' Here". The single did eventually see a release as part of a box set of Stiff's first ten singles, limited to 5000 in 1979. Both tracks are currently available on the "Stone Deaf Forever!" CD box set.
A live version of "Leaving Here" was issued in 1980 as the lead track on "The Golden Years" EP, reaching #8 in the UK singles chart. "White Line Fever" was re-recorded for their 1977 debut album release "Motörhead".
Other cover versions.
The Who recorded the song in the studio twice in 1965, and once for BBC Radio, but none of these recordings were released officially for decades; The 1985 compilation "Who's Missing" and the 1998 remaster of the "Odds & Sods" compilation album both included the song, though the latter states it is a previously unreleased version. An alternate take also appeared on the "My Generation" Deluxe Edition. The song is featured on "The Who BBC Sessions" CD. Additionally, it is available as downloadable content for the music video game series "Rock Band" as part of "The Best of The Who" pack.
In 1965, The Birds recorded a cover version of "Leaving Here" which inspired heavy metal band Motörhead to produce their debut single with a cover of the song twelve years later.
The song appeared as "Leavin' Here" on singles released by the Rationals in 1966 and 1967, as did a 1989 version by Tinsley Ellis on his debut album, "Fanning the Flames".
Pearl Jam recorded the song for the 1996 "Home Alive" compilation album which was released to fund women's self-defense classes. The song was later included on the band's 2003 "Lost Dogs" double album of B-sides and rarities.
In 2001, Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards recorded the song for their debut album, "Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards", one of two cover songs used on the album, the other songs all being original. The version is very similar to the Motörhead cover version. Ron Wood included a cover of the song on his 2001 album "Not for Beginners".
This song often features in live sets by The Sadies, and Meeting of Important People frequently play it at live shows.
English Psych/Garage band The Bugs recorded a cover of this song ON their debut EP single on the Hit Records label in 1987, produced by Dave Goodman (Sex Pistols)
The Irish rock band The Strypes recorded a cover of the song for their EP Young Gifted & Blue.

</doc>
<doc id="9810446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810446" title="Conseil scolaire catholique de district des Grandes-Rivières">
Conseil scolaire catholique de district des Grandes-Rivières

Le Conseil scolaire catholique de district des Grandes-Rivières ("CSCDGR") is a French Catholic school board situated in northern Ontario. The easternmost region of the school board starts in Haileybury. The board covers much of the northern corridor of Highway 11 reaching as far north as Hearst. In the central region of this board is the community of Timmins.
The CSCDGR administers schools in an area of 25,000 square kilometres.
The name of the school board was recommended by a former trustee, Jos Matkos. It refers to the many great rivers which run through the area.
The Logo.
The logo of the CSCDGR was created by Carmel Arsenault, a local teacher. It represents the different riches found in the region; mining, agriculture and forestry. The colours are also symbolic: green represents forestry as well as renewal and hope; blue represents water not only from the rivers, is a symbol of baptism and also represents the calm northeastern skies of the region; and yellow represents wheat and agriculture, as well as joy for life that is lived in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="9810451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810451" title="Dr. P. Phillips Hospital">
Dr. P. Phillips Hospital

Dr. P. Phillips Hospital (formerly Orlando Regional Sand Lake Hospital), part of Orlando Health, is a 237 acute care bed medical and surgical facility.

</doc>
<doc id="9810457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810457" title="Yarima Ibrahim">
Yarima Ibrahim

Yarima Ibrahim Abdullahi is a Nigerian administrator, banker and former minister for Housing, as well as Education and Works. He is a graduate of Manchester University, Britain. He has also served as the Nigerian High Commissioner to Malaysia and Brunei.

</doc>
<doc id="9810465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9810465" title="Jim Gatheral">
Jim Gatheral

Jim Gatheral is a researcher in the field of mathematical finance, who has contributed to the study of volatility as applied to the pricing and risk management of derivatives. A recurrent subject in his books and papers is the volatility smile, and he published in 2006 a book "The Volatility Surface" based on a course he taught for six years at New York University, along with Nassim Taleb. More recently his work has moved in the direction of market microstructure, especially as applied to algorithmic trading. He is the author of "The Volatility Surface: A Practitioner's Guide." (2006, New Jersey: Wiley. ISBN 0471792519)
In March 2010, Jim Gatheral left his position at Merrill Lynch to assume a tenured full professor position at the Financial Engineering Masters Program at Baruch College, where he is teaching volatility surface modeling and market microstructure. Prior to this, he worked at Bank of America and Bankers Trust before heading the Equity Quantitative Analytics group at Merrill Lynch in 1996, where he was a managing director for 17 years. In 1998 he became a fellow of the Masters Program of Mathematics in Finance at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences of New York University, where he was an adjunct professor for 12 years.
In April 2013, Jim Gatheral was named Presidential Professor at Baruch College.
He received his PhD in theoretical physics from Cambridge University (1983), and a B.Sc. in Mathematics and Natural Philosophy from the University of Glasgow.

</doc>
